Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
My father's boss invited our family out on a cruise in his big yacht.
My name in Bonnie. I'm eighteen and in my last year of high school. My family is very religious and that meant no heavy dating with boys. Lots of boys tried to ask me out, but I couldn't. I guess I kind of blossomed in the last year. My breasts are now a 34B and my hips have filled out. I'm active in sports and that keeps me fit. Let me confess to getting more and more sexual urges all the time. I can't tell my mother the naughty things I think about and how my body reacts when I'm around boys at school. It's natural according to our sex-ed teacher but gets me so aroused and it's almost like older men seem to sense what's going on inside of my head.
I was surprised when mom took me shopping with her for a new bathing suit, a bikini. Skimpy bathing suits had always been out of the question. My swimsuits and hers were always full length. But dad's boss invited us out to his fancy yacht, and he was specific about women on board his yacht should be in bikinis. My dad is insecure and careful around his job nowadays. The company is soon going public with something called a SPAC and that could make us a huge amount of money. Dad is on pins and needles.
I blushed when I tried on a tiny yellow bikini and saw myself in the mirror. My breasts were spilling over the top. The cups were joined by a string between and this exposed a lot of the insides of my breasts. I looked like one of those bikini models. That made me proud. In the bottoms, I could see the outline of my sex and some pubic hairs sticking out the sides. When I turned around and looked back in the mirror at my bum, I saw my cheeks were almost completely exposed. Jeez, that was so naughty. I felt so naked and realized grown men will see almost all of me. I was shocked when my mom said to buy it. Oh well, mom got a bikini just as sexy so I will just have to be adult about it. After all, I'm not a kid anymore. For sure however, I would have to trim the long pubic hairs that stick out the sides.
As we walked towards the big yacht, my father said very firmly, "Bonnie, please be on your best behavior. I really want to impress my boss. Do you understand?" I nodded yes and we boarded the yacht. Dad introduced us to his boss Earl Whitney, his beautiful foxy-forty wife, Liz and their son, Greg, who was home over spring break from university. Gee, Greg is quite a hunk.
We changed into our bathing suits in one of the sleeping compartments below. Wow, the boat has bedrooms it is so big. Mom seemed at ease with her sexy bikini, but I was very self-conscious going up to the deck. Being almost naked in front of my dad's boss and his good-looking son was a new thing. I could see Liz, Earl's gorgeous wife, was in a very tiny bikini. She has a deep tan that showed she loved the sun. Dad and Earl had on boxer type trunks while Greg had on a Speedo with a big package proudly visible. That made me blush. Drinks were served as we pulled out to the ocean. I had a hard lemonade while the others had cold beers. When Earl served me, I could feel him staring at my breasts through his dark sunglasses. I could sense a sexual aura as he smiled confidently and made small talk with me as he steered the boat. My god, I felt like I was standing naked in front of him. I had a juvenile urge to cover my crotch and breasts with my hands.
Earl said, "Wow, the only family picture in your dad's office must be pretty old because you were very young in it. You have blossomed into a very attractive young lady."
I blurted out, "Gee, thanks." And immediately cringed at how dorky and adolescent that sounded. I could then definitely tell he was checking out my body. He was boldly obvious about it. It made me proud that this powerful man found me sexually attractive. It surprised me when I lifted my chest up to display my breasts better.
He continued, "One of the great joys of having a yacht is seeing attractive women in sexy bikinis. I'm kind of an ass-man myself and let me say you have a very nice one." I blushed and was at a loss for words. What should I have done? It was my dad's bloody boss.
He saw my distress and said, "I hope you don't mind me complimenting you?"
I gulped and said, "No, that's okay." I nervously downed the rest of my hard lemonade and Earl reached down into the cooler to give me another.
"Why don't you lie on that towel over there and get some sun."
The towel is lengthwise so when I laid on it my stomach, my feet and bum were towards him. I remembered he said he liked to look at women's bums and he thought mine was nice. It made me a bit nervous but at the same time it was good to feel attractive. At first. I kept my knees modestly together but then thought that was so childish and spread them more naturally. After a while, I turned over and could see Earl stare at my upturned crotch and lick his lips. That gave me a thrill in my stomach. This must be how mature adults feel around each other.
Soon Greg, Earl's son came back to talk with his dad. Earl said to him, "Greg, Bonnie needs some sunscreen or she'll burn in this hot sun. The bottle is over there."
In a panic of modesty, I said, "No, that's okay."
He continued, "Nonsense, it's a real hazard with yachting, the hot, burning sun."
What could I say? Dad told me to not make a fuss.
Greg said, "Sure dad, it's my pleasure." He got the lotion bottle and knelt beside me. "Turn, over. I want to do your back first." I rolled over. It seemed to me that the father and son had done this before. Greg immediately surprised me by gripping my knees and spreading my legs wider. Oh my god, I thought. That exposes my crotch to their eyes. Geez, I hope none of my pubs are sticking out the sides of my bikini. I'd just die if the thin strip of cloth didn't cover my private parts. I could feel a cool stream of lotion on my shoulders and my mind was soon lost in the pleasure of Greg's hand massaging the oil into my shoulders and back.
He said, "How does that feel?"
I honestly said, "Really good."
"Okay, now for your legs."
A line of lotion went up my calves and Greg's strong hands massaged it in. Next more lotion hit my thigh furthest from him and his hands spread it from my knee to very high near my bum cheek. My god, my skin is so sensitive there. No man had touched me in that place so close to my naughty bits. He massaged the muscle deeply and that felt so good. The lotion on my other thigh went even higher and the side of his hand bumped against my crotch, first like an accident and then it seemed deliberately. What should I do? I didn't want to act like a child. Me saying nothing made him bolder. He pushed the cloth of my bikini bottom covering my bum cheeks higher.
He explained, "I don't want to get lotion on your bathing suit."
My mind was in a tizzy as lotion poured onto my bum and Greg's two big hands spread over the cheeks. My pussy started throbbing uncomfortably as he worked the oil in deeply. Oh my god, I've never felt a man's hands on my bare bottom. Hot damn, that was so naughty. To stifle a moan, I bit my knuckle.
"Okay. Time to turn over."
When I was on my back, I looked up at Greg. He is such a great looking guy. The muscles on his chest are so ripped. His eyes were drilled into my breasts and that thrilled me. My body went limp, I closed my eyes and just let him do as he wished. Later, I squinted my eyes open a tiny bit and a surge of adrenaline hit me when I saw his hungry eyes drilled into my breasts as he laid his hands on me. It was too intense. I looked away.
Greg's dad says loudly, "That's right son. Get all the spots."
I cringed like he'd seen me doing something naughty. But I thought that's just likely me, thinking like a naïve schoolgirl. I'm here with adults and an adult myself now too. Greg goes to my legs. As he works the oil into my thighs my eyes are fixed on his handsome face. My heart seemed to reach out to him as I felt an instant crush. As innocently as I could, I shifted the edge of my hand on the towel to touch his bare knee. I closed my eyes with a smile on my face enjoying the simple, sensuous pleasure of his touch. As his hands neared my crotch, I could hardly breathe. He casually pushed my thighs wider and oiled high up the inside of my thighs. My pussy was on fire like nothing before. I could hear my heavy breathing through my nostrils.
In a deep masculine voice, he said, "You have strong leg muscles. You must play sports.'
The fog in my brain cleared and I squeaked out, "Yes, I play soccer and volleyball."
A cool squirt of lotion hit my stomach and his hands swirled it around my abs and even bumping up against the bottom of my bikini covered breasts. He was so in control and I just let him. The next part is a blur. I remember the lotion applied to my upper chest but after that is so foggy as he felt where no man had gone before. All I can say is that afterwards I noticed the oil was on the inside of my breasts where the bikini exposed them and even a bit inside the cups where his fingers went in deeply.
Eventually, Greg said, "There we go. All finished. Now, you will get a safe tan on that beautiful body."
I blushed at the comment and smiled up at him. "Thanks, Greg."
"Hey, Bonnie, why don't we go sit at the bow and chat. It's the best view up there."
"Sure, I'd love to." We got up and I could see Greg had a big erection in his Speedos. He picked up the towel I had been on and held it in front to hide his arousal as we grabbed another alcohol beverage and walked past the adults on the upper deck to reach the bow. We sat on the railing at the V of the bow with the safety of a rope barrier behind us. We were so close our knees touched. I can remember looking up at him like a lovesick teenager as he talked about university and the law degree he was studying for. As he talked, he touched me often on the arms, my shoulder and my thigh. It felt good. I couldn't believe my luck when he said he wanted to see me again without all the parents around. Looking back, I guess I responded very enthusiastically to that. Not that I wasn't super pleased, but it would have been cooler to just say a simple yes.
Later, when I went below to the head, that's what they call the bathroom on a yacht, Greg met me in the corridor when I went out. He was so tall and masculine standing there, and I felt so petite looking up at him. Nothing was said as he embraced and kissed me. He squeezed my body to his and I responded in kind, hugging his. Our bodies touching was felt so right. His kiss was amazing, not like the boys my age.
He whispered in my ear, "You are so special."
He kissed me again and both his hands cupped my bum and pulled my crotch to his stiff erection. My pussy was so aroused too as he massaged my bum. My mind swooned as our nearly naked bodies touched so intimately. Our embrace broke when we heard his mother coming down the stairs. I'm sure she saw the guilty look on my face and knew what we were up to something naughty. My faced burned in a hot, embarrassed blush.
She said cheerily, "Coming through, young ones. I have to get the sandwiches out of the fridge."
Oh my god, I realize that she doesn't have her bikini top on. I've heard of women going "European-style" but my goodness. This is so shocking. Then I think, Greg sees her bare breasts too. Wow. He and I go up the stairs to the deck and double shock, I see my mom, my conservative, church-going mom, with her breasts exposed too. She motions me over to talk.
When we are away from the men, she says, "Dad's boss and his wife, sort of said without completely saying it, that they wanted me to go topless like her. They call it 'Going European-style' among the jet-setters. I could have died of embarrassment but didn't think I had a lot of choice."
"But mom, their son Greg will see you too."
"I know and I'd like to crawl under a rock, but it seems this is all natural for this family. But there is no way I want you taking off your top. No way. Hear me." I nod and walk back to Greg.
The rest of the afternoon is a blur as we sailed up the coast and back. I remember being so happy as the warm sun caressed my skin and my blonde hair blew in the wind. Greg stayed close and my heart gave a thrill every time he smiled down at me. When he casually touched me, it gave me an intense sensation. He must have enjoyed seeing my teen crush building. It was so obvious that I was smitten. It was amazing when he asked me for a dinner date the next night at the yacht club. That was such a grownup thing and I eagerly accepted. Later that night, my dad was so pleased that I was going on a date with his boss's son. This was the first time he allowed me to go on a date and I was surprised at how eager and pleased he was.
I could hear my parent's bed creaking loudly as they made love twice in the night. They must have been very turned on by our day sailing. Next morning, my mom was in a very good mood.
Greg's Viewpoint on Date Night.
Bonnie is such a cutie. I was heading back to university next week and thought it would be great to be together with her until then. She has a sweet, innocence and a killer body, the kind I like best with full breasts and a tight ass. How could I not remember holding her sweet bum when we were down below on the yacht? She seemed to get an instant, big crush on me. I couldn't resist asking her out. I chose the yacht club for our dinner date because if things go well, we could go down to our family yacht moored there and make out.
I got to the restaurant in the yacht club early. All day, I was getting more and more horny thinking of the previous day when I massaged the suntan lotion into Bonnie's hot body. I got a chubby whenever I remembered her being so compliant to my touch.
It was amazing to see her as the waiter escorted her over to my table. She was wearing a cute shoulderless, yellow summer dress and white sandals. She looked like a teen model as she walked to the table shyly gripping her small, white purse, with both hands. I stood to greet her and gave her a New York air kiss as we said hellos.
The meal was great fun with lots of wine. She loved my stories of university life and had applied at a local college herself. She looked so delicious sitting across from me. The summer dress had some sexy cleavage. I remembered how firm and soft her breasts were when I worked the suntan lotion in. Her perfect skin had a rosy glow from a bit of sunburn from our boat trip the previous day. You could see a slight white line from her shoulder down her chest to her breast where the string held up her the cups of her bikini top. I had a fantasy in my mind of her snow-white breasts under the summer dress and the sexy tan lines that will be exposed when she's naked. As my eyes were drilled into her breasts, she reached across and put her soft, small hand over mine on the table. I took that as a sign she was okay with my erotic thoughts. We were connecting at physical level. I smiled at her confidently and she smiled sweetly back at me. She was compliant and feminine in every way, not like my female, feminist university classmates. Bonnie seemed to hang on my every word. It made my testosterone surge to envision her agreeing to any of my sexual urges later.
My dick got so stiff it was hurting at a bad angle. I slipped a hand under the table, secretly adjusted it and cupped my balls as we talked. My mind buzzed with anticipation of being alone with her. Her full lips had pink lipstick that was so girlish. I could envision those lips around my cock as we finished dessert. Fuck, was I horny.
I said, "Why don't we walk down by the harbor? It's very beautiful in the evening." It is also where the family yacht will give us privacy.
A smile lit up her face and she replied, "Great. I'd love that." I thought, "What a perfectly lovely young lady." I was getting a big crush on her too. Maybe she will be my life's love.
I signed the check to the family account. We went to the washroom where I was able to adjust my dick to a better angle. Then, we were out the door and down the staircase to the wooden walkway along the shore. I took her hand and we walked like lovers looking out over the moored yachts in the cool, star-filled evening air. There was nobody walking around but I could hear some party revellers on some boats. I stopped and took her in my arms. Looking down at her beautiful, sweet face made my heart leap. We kissed and then walked on silently with my mind in a lust cloud of anticipation. A bit further along, we stopped again and kissed more passionately this time. I cupped her ass-cheeks and she sighed in acceptance. My dick was painfully hard.
I whispered in her ear, "Let's go to the yacht for some privacy." She hesitated and I continued, "You are amazing Bonnie. It's so lucky that we met when your family visited. My feelings for you are so strong." That was very true, and she could be the one for me. Who knows? "How do you feel about me?"
"Greg, I think you are great and feel lucky that you like me."
I kissed her forehead, hugged her tightly and said firmly, "Okay then, let's go to the yacht."
She replied nervously, "Yes, okay."
What a thrill it was, walking to our love boat. We talked nervously about nothing as we strolled along the dock. My mind was filled with flashes of sexual fantasies, bare breasts, bums, pussy, my cock splitting her pussy, lips around my cock. Finally, we were there, and my heart was pounding. I needed to cool out to better enjoy the moment.
I asked, "Why don't we sit on the deck and enjoy a drink? You like hard lemonade, right?" she nodded yes. "Okay, you sit by the bow like we did yesterday, and I'll get the drinks."
Seeing her sitting there when I returned took my breath away at her sweet, beautiful face and long blonde hair. She stood to greet me with a spontaneous kiss on my cheek. Her flowery perfume stirred my instincts. I put a hand around her waist, and we looked out over the harbor as we drank. Being so close to a willing, beautiful woman was causing my lust to urge me on. I put down my drink, took hers out of her hand, placed it down and pulled her into my embrace. She gave a sigh of surprise. Our lips met in a passionate kiss. I embraced her tightly. Her body felt so good against mine. My tongue searched for hers and found it. My hands went to her bum and her firm ass was amazing to massage deeply. Our kiss broke and she kissed my neck as I groped her perfect ass.
I said, "Bonnie, your ass is so amazing."
In total submission, she put her hands behind my head and kissed me. That offered her body up to my probing hands. I bunched the skirt of the back of her summer dress and pulled it higher until her panty-covered bottom was available to my hands. The satin feel of her panties over her perfect ass sent my lust up a few more levels. I slipped my hand under the waistband to her nakedness and pulled her crotch to mine. My stiff cock bumped up against her stomach. I took Bonnie's hand and placed it on my raging erection.
"Look at how you are turning me on." She gave a tentative feel and then took her hand away. I said firmly, "No, feel me." She obediently returned her hand to my junk. "That's right, love." I kissed her lips and cupped her breast. I could feel her hard nipples through the dress. Her palm rubbed my dick sending my lust into the red zone. We needed to go below to a stateroom to get naked and fuck. I took Bonnie's hand and pulled her towards the entrance to the staterooms below deck. "Come with me." She followed me down and we went into the first room. I turn on the overhead light to see everything.
I started unbuttoning my shirt and looked over at her just standing there. "Come on Bonnie, take off your dress." She shyly reached slowly behind and I could hear the zipper of her dress being pulled slowly down. In my haste, I was down to my underwear and then enjoyed watching her strip. She pulled her dress off her shoulders and let it fall to her waist revealing her lacy pink bra. Then she wiggled her dress down over her hips and stepped out of it nervously looking over at me standing with a big tent in my underwear. Her pink, satin full panty showed a sexy camel-toe notch. That sent a surge of adrenaline through me. I wanted to be the one to pull them off. That's one of my big turn-ons. I love it when the girl lifts her ass off the bed to help me pull her panties off. That's when you know the fucking is a done deal. "Okay, love, on to the bed." She crawls on hands and knees over to the other side. What a great ass. I stripped off my underwear and join her buck naked. I remember thinking, "This is going to be one great fuck."
Bonnie's viewpoint
My goodness, Greg is totally naked as we lay facing each other. He's so mature and experienced. I know he wants sex. The hungry look in his eyes gives me mixed feelings of fear and desire. I want to be wanted. He is so incredible and I'm lucky he wants me. I should be honest with him.
"Greg, I don't have any experience with this. I'm sorry."
He hesitates as he mulls over what I just said. He smiles and says, "That's okay love. Just do as I say, and everything will be great." I feel I can trust him and kiss him on his shoulder to indicate my acceptance. He looks boldly down at my breasts. No man other than my doctor has seen them. I reach behind and unclasp the bra and shrug out of it and put my bra behind me, exposing myself. A big grin flashes on Greg's handsome face. "That's my girl." His eyes are too intense so I close mine and bite my lip as he gives an animal grunt and cups my breast in his strong hand. Sweet Mary and Joseph, that feels so good.
I reach up my lips and kiss his. It feels so freeing to surrender to his touch. He grabs my bum and pulls my hips to his. Oh my god, I can feel his stiff erection against my panty-covered crotch. I love the way he squeezes my bum-cheeks. It is so sexy. He pulls my leg over his and reaches his hand under my bum to my private parts. Holy crap, my pussy is so sensitive when he touches it there. Was that me moaning? Our kiss breaks and I can hear my breath come in pants as new feelings overwhelm my senses.
In a manly, low voice Greg says, "Hold my cock." I instantly obey and reach between us to grasp the naked shaft. It's like velvet over granite. Oh, my word, it's so thick and long.
He pushes me onto my back and looks down at my body with that hungry look again. His eyes drill into my chest. He cups my breast and rolls my nipple between his fingers. A lightning bolt shoots from my nipple to my crotch and I moan loudly. My god, he will think I'm such a slut. His eyes drill next on my crotch. I can feel my pussy throb in anticipation of our coupling. His hand slides slowly over my nervously quaking stomach and then under the waistband of my panties to my hyper-sensitive pussy. I bite his shoulder to stifle a scream of pleasure. His fingers slide over my hyper-sensitive private parts.
He says, "I love that your pussy is nice and wet, you horny girl."
My face burns in a hot blush of embarrassment as my legs spread of their own accord. I reach up and hold his head and kiss his face as he probes everywhere in my sex. My hips hump against his hand instinctively.
He says in a husky voice, "I didn't say to stop holding my cock."
"I'm sorry." I grasp the stiff shaft again. I'm relieved when he gives a grunt of approval at my touch.
He says, "Have you ever given a man oral?" I shake my head a truthful no. "Then, it's a good time for you to learn how lovers make love." His hand leaves my crotch, and he confidently lays on his back and puts a pillow under his head. His erection sticks up like a flagpole. He continues, "You know what to do." He has his hands behind his head watching me as I go down to his waist.
It's true, I did know what to do. Being curious, I watched some sex videos on the internet. I knew what oral is about. His penis looks so imposing as I turn on the bed and come closer to it. My mind is filled with a need to please him. His cleanly shaven crotch has a musky male odor. The shaft of his erection is veined. I grasp it. The circumcised head is engorged and red with a small bead of clear liquid coming from the slit at the end. I rise on my elbow and stick out my tongue and tentatively lick the head with it. Nothing bad happens so I pucker my lips and kiss the tip. I open my lips and take the head into my mouth. A big animal groan of pleasure comes from the head of the bed. I suck on it and feel the ridge at the base of the head as it slides deeper into my mouth. I'm sure you're supposed to suck it. The shaft twitches in my hand. I look up at him and see a look of pure ecstasy across his face. My heart gives a thankful thrill that I'm pleasing him.
"Hold my balls, sweetie." I cup his ball-sack and feel the eggs inside move away from my grasp. This is all so new and so naughty. "Oh, fuck yes, just like that." I'd seen on the net where girls bobbed their heads up and down while giving oral. Wanting to do a good job, I push my head lower as his penis slides over my tongue and the tip goes to the back of my throat. Then, I lift my head and it slides almost out. I do this many times as Greg groans in pleasure.
In a panic he shouts, "Stop, stop. That's enough."
In a flurry, he quickly gets to his knees and pulls me onto my back with a serious look of concentration on his face. He positions between my knees looking down at me with that hungry look again. His hands go to the waistband of my panties and I lift my bum from the bed to help him strip them off. His big stiff erection looks so dangerous.
Greg's viewpoint
What a beautiful, fresh ripe girl lying there naked and yearning to fuck. She has a nervous look on her face but that will soon turn to pleasure when I'm balls deep in her virgin pussy. Let me pull her ass onto my thighs and spread her legs to offer me her untouched sex. There it is, sweetly covered with a light coating of brown pubic hair. How horny is that? I pull her hips and crotch closer to my stiff dick. Bonnie will be my second virgin and I know that will need a lot of lubrication to enter her tight, unfucked pussy. I put a big gob of spit in my palm and swirl it on the head of my cock. I run my thumb over her pussy lips to her vagina opening and find it well lubricated. Nice, she's making little girlie sounds as I stroke and prepare her sweet pussy.
I grasp the shaft of my erection and notch my cockhead in her virgin love opening. I surge of adrenaline shots through me as I position my other hand on the bed under her thigh to torc her hips higher as I lean forward and drill my cock into her super-tight pussy. My dick hesitates for a moment as her hymen resists and then breaks through. She gives a whimper as our hips thud together as I'm balls-deep in her amazing pussy. I put my other hand below her other leg and her lower body is propped up in perfect fucking position with feet high up. My lust is released in full force as I thrust my happy cock over and over into her hot center. The heat of my passion slowly subsides, and I can see that she has a worried look on her pretty face.
I stop my thrust at the deepest point inside her and place my elbows beside her chest to lay full-length hovering over her, slightly touching her breasts and body in intimate missionary contact.
I kiss her lips and whisper, "You are so special, my love." She responds by holding my head and kissing me deeply. My whole being is awash in feeling the universe is amazing as my hard cock is deep in the tight pussy of a beautiful girl that cares for me and wants me. I can feel her legs open wider and her hips shift for a better angle to welcome my cock. Her movement moves my dick deeper inside her sweet pussy sending a powerful animal urge to fuck. Sweet feelings of caring fall away as instinctive, animal lust fills my primal brain. I fall onto her body and feel her breasts mash against my chest.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
Oh, my lord, his body is so tight to mine. My vagina feels so full. I'll wrap my arms around him. Geez, his hips and penis are pulling back. A big grunt in my ear and his erection thrusts back inside of me, so very deep. Oh my god, a mixture of pain and sweet pleasure. Oh, oh, oh, oh. His cock is fucking so urgently. OH, OH, OH, OH.
He pants and growls in my ear, "Your pussy feels fucking great." His masculine, animal energy consumes me as his hips and stiff manhood rock my body. OH, OH, OH, OH. He's so incredibly strong. "You like my cock, baby?" My voice is caught in my throat. His erection pistons into my vagina with new feelings washing over me.
I whisper, "Yes, it feels great." I want to make him happy and it is good. His hand goes to my ass and squeezes the cheek as his lovemaking continues.
"You're my girlfriend now, right?" My heart leaps with joy at his words.
"Oh yes Greg, yes." I kiss his face and neck as his thrusting shakes my body. His body stiffens and he lifts his head as a huge groan comes from his throat. Oh my god, he's having an orgasm. He thrusts and holds his erection deep inside me.
He groans out, "Oh fuck, YES. AHHHHHHHH, OH FUCK, YES. Holy fuck. Ah, ah, ah. Yes, yes, yes, yes." And rolls off me and lays beside me panting and laughing heartily. I see blood on his still erect penis, and I realize that is my blood. I am now a woman. I snuggle into Greg's body and kiss his shoulder as his breathing slows. I feel so bonded to this beautiful, strong man.
Greg's viewpoint.
That was fucking amazing. What a girl. She's incredibly gorgeous, sweet natured and willing to do anything I ask. Pinch me. Wow, my dick is all bloody. She really was a virgin. I'll wipe myself off with a tissue from the box on the side table. She must be a mess down there.
I say, "Bonnie, sweetheart, why don't you go to the head and clean yourself up." She obediently gets up and walks to the door. What a perfect ass. "And bring back a damp facecloth for me to clean up too."
She is such an amazing discovery, the total package, beauty with a sweet, loving nature. She wants to hook up and that's fine with me. I know breaking her cherry hurts, but she took it so well. It even felt like she was getting into the sex, but I was so horny it was kind of a blur. I'll go slower when she gets back. Sex is always better the second time around. Ah, I hear her coming down the hall. What a gorgeous picture as she is stands at the door. Her cute beaver is so different than the other girls. They all shave. I love this natural look.
She hands me the damp facecloth and says timidly, "Should we get dressed and head home?"
As I wipe my bloodstained cock, I say, "No love, come and lay back down. This is a perfect time to get to know each other better. That's okay, right?"
She says, "Yes, sure. I'd love that."
I can't help breaking out in a big smile as she crawls in beside me. A sense of caring and wanting to protect her washes over me. I kiss her forehead and hug her to my body. "Let me hold you sweetheart. You are so special. I'm so lucky to have found you."
"Greg, that makes me so happy to hear you say that. It's been such a whirlwind of feelings since we met. Oh my god, I think you are so special too."
"Well Bonnie, that seals it. We are now a couple. If that's okay with you?"
She says in glee, "Yes, yes, oh yes." Then she kisses my on the lips. My mind reels with the thought of being with her until I return to university. I slip my hand to her bare ass and pull her closer. What a sweet, firm ass and her skin is like velvet. Her lips open and my tongue enters as I cup the bottom of her ass-cheek. Mmmmm, so nice. Now, I slide my palm over the crack to the other cheek. I stroke both naked cheeks with the crack running erotically along the center of my palm. My dick is getting aroused. Time to take a good look at my new girlfriend.
I break the kiss and say, "You are so perfect, my love. Let me look at you."
I lay her on her back and prop myself on my elbow and look down at her incredible, young, nude body. Her breasts are snow white and contrast with the rose tinged tan from yesterday's cruise. Her quarter-sized pink areolas are perfect with a tiny nipple in the center of each. Her mother's breasts were very similar. Oh nice, she's covered her crotch with her hand modestly. I push it aside. Her body is now mine to see as I wish. She obediently puts her palms on the bed. A light brown coating of pubic hair shows the camel-toe notch of her mons clearly. Where her bikini bottom had covered is snow white and the tan lines around it are so sexy. She looks so delicious I could just eat her up.
Nice, she is kissing my bicep as I check out her body. All systems go. I dip my lips to her breast and kiss her nipple. Her sigh means she likes it.
Bonnie's viewpoint
Holy shit, his mouth on my breast feels so good. Looking at his mouth sucking my nipple is so erotic. My god, his tongue is swirling around. I'm going to die of pleasure.
I moan, "Oh yes, sweetheart."
Yes, he's sucking my other nipple. I put a hand on the top of his head and run my fingers through his soft hair as he pleasures my breasts. Little animal sounds escape my throat. He knows a woman's body so well. What can I do to please him? Of course, he liked me holding his penis. I'll do that. Geez, it's so stiff again.
He groans, "That's right baby. Hold my cock. That's my sexy girlfriend." His head lifts from my chest and he looks down at my crotch. There is that hungry look in his eyes again. My heart beats faster as he stares at my sex. Oh wow, his hand is now on my thigh and a bolt of intense sensation shots through me. His hand gives a slight pull on my inner thigh. I know instinctively that he wants me to spread my knees to expose my private parts to his eyes. He's my boyfriend. Biting my lip, I let him see everything.
In a deep voice, he says, "What a beautiful pussy you have, sweetie."
His hand sweeps up my inner thigh to my sex. I moan loudly as his hand covers my crotch. Greg looks down at me and confidently smiles, then dips his lips to mine. My attention is on his fingers probing along my pussy lips where no man has gone before. Sweet Mary, that feels so amazing.
What's this? Greg is kissing down over my stomach as he shifts down in the bed. Oh lordy, he's between my legs with his head above my crotch.
He looks up at me and says, "You are going to love this baby."
He dips his face and his hot tongue on my sex sends a lightning bolt through my body as my loud moan bounces off the walls. I bite my fist to stifle a scream of pleasure. His tongue licks between my pussy lips down to my vagina opening. Oh yes, yes. He lifts his head and stares down at my private parts with a sly smile. My heart swells in pure love for the man. He kisses my inner thigh, and I can feel his hot breath on the skin. My pussy tingles in anticipation. My body is super sensitive. The smell of my natural juices fills the air. I can feel his fingers spread my pussy lips. He is so handsome. His hungry eyes now send a surge of lust through me. I pant loudly as the tip of his tongue spears into the opening of my vagina. His wide-open blue eyes over my mons watches my reaction. A wave of caring, pure love washes over me as our eyes connect.
"Greg, that's amazing." I spread my legs wider in complete acceptance. He licks up and down my slit and I feel a rising passion in my crotch. Oh, sweet Mary, he's sucking on my clit. I'm going to have an orgasm. I might die. It's too much.
Greg's Viewpoint
She's almost there but I want her to cum on my cock. I crawl up her body to mount her. Nice, she's reaching her hands to welcome me to get fucked. I love the horny look on her cute face. The end of my stiff dick finds her vagina opening and Bonnie shifts her hips instinctively to make the connection perfect. A quick learner, she's panting in my ear. The head of my cock lodges inside her tight pussy. It briefly resists my cock's entry and then releases as I'm balls deep. Oh fuck, that tight pussy is fucking amazing.
She screams in my ear, "Oh, yes."
I love the way she whimpers with every one of my solid thrusts. Fuck, she's going to cum. She's hanging on to me for dear life. She's going to blow. I grunt as I pump my cock into her perfect pussy.
She screams as she cums, "OH MY GOD. OH, OH, OH. YES. Oh my god. Oh Greg, my love."
It's too horny and I cum deep inside her as my brain explodes in a flash of white light. We moan together as our hips lock tight in sweet bliss. When our breathing slows, I roll off and lay beside her floating on a cloud of total happiness.
Early the next day.
Greg's viewpoint
From talking with Bonnie, I got the impression that her father doesn't like her dating. I could get my dad to call him to get his okay, but I'd rather do that myself. It's the mature, manly thing to do. She gave me his telephone number. I'll dial it.
"Hello Mr. Carrol, this is Greg, we met when our families went sailing a couple of days ago."
"Yes, of course Greg. How are you enjoying spring break?"
"It's great. I'm calling to say that Bonnie and I had dinner last night and we hit it off very well. We have just a short time to get to know each other better over spring break before I go back to university. I just wanted to get your okay for us to spend time together, a lot of time actually."
He hesitates and the says, "Sure Greg, of course, it's okay. I was very impressed with you when we were on your family's yacht. And call me Bob."
Thanks, Bob. Is Bonnie there?"
"Yes, I'll put her on the line."
"Hi Greg, thanks for calling. Let me take the phone into my bedroom."
"Hey, I just talked with your dad. It's quite okay if we hang out together before I go back to university."
"Great. Thanks for asking him. I was a bit worried about that. He's been so restrictive with boys before."
"I've invited some of my buddies and their girlfriends to go out on the yacht to party today. Why don't you come down to the harbor around three and join us? We can sail in the afternoon and then dock and party into the evening."
"Sounds great, I'll be there."
"And bring that sexy bikini."
"Of course."
Bonnie's Viewpoint
The other two couples are the same age as Greg. Except for one girl, they are seniors in university. I feel intimidated around them even though they are very friendly. The guys are both very good looking with ripped bodies. The girls are bloody gorgeous and fill out their bikinis perfectly. They have been going together for a while and seem so casual around their bodies.
I try to act as casual and adult as I can, but it's hard to keep up the image. They are all drinking beer, so I join them instead of my usual hard lemonade.
Standing beside Greg as he steers the yacht is fun. The wind in my hair and the power of the boat cutting through the water is so exhilarating. When he wraps his arm around me and hugs me to his body, I feel protected and calm. It's naughty when he squeezes my bum, but the other guys are all casually groping their dates on a regular basis. I even saw one of the girls cup her man's package when she thought no one was looking.
We are far out to sea now and the ocean is calm. Greg put out what he calls the sea anchor and says we should just drift and chill out. We take our drinks up to the deck and join the others. My goodness, the girls have taken off their bikini tops. This is the 'European' style that mom and Greg's mother did the other day. I never thought I would do it too. Nobody is saying anything about me taking mine off, but I take it off too. The last thing I want is to be an immature prude in their eyes. I hope they don't see the hot blush on my face. The men boldly check out my bare breasts while I resist the juvenile urge to cover myself. One guy gives me a knowing grin as he shifts his penis in his swimming trunks. These adults are so casual around sex.
Greg says, "Bonnie, come over here and I'll put some suntan lotion on you."
I stand in front of him and he turns me to be facing away. I feel the cool liquid on my upper back and then him working it in to my skin. I close my eyes and enjoy his touch. Now I feel him pulling by bottom higher into the crack of my bum.
He whispers, "I don't want to get lotion on your bikini."
I close my eyes and enjoy his strong hands massaging my naked bum cheeks and then down the back of my thighs and calves. The inside of my thighs near my crotch is so sensitive. I look down and see the front is also pulled high up and the small strip of cloth just barely covers my sex and I can see the distinct notch of my pussy. Oh my god, I can see some pubic hair sticking out the sides. Both of the other men are staring at my crotch. I'll die. How long were they seeing that?
Greg says, "Turn around and I'll do your front."
With a sense of relief, I turn away from the other men's hungry eyes and face my handsome boyfriend. He gives a confident smile as he looks at my breasts. He puts a large string of oil across my upper chest along my collar bone and then works it into my shoulders. A sigh comes from my lips as his slick hands swirl over my hyper-sensitive bare breasts. My nipples are almost painfully erect as he cups and massages deeply. My head gets woozy when he squeezes my nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.
He whispers, "I just love your tits."
I blush when I think the other people heard him. He puts oil on my stomach and works it in.
He says, "Hold your bikini bottom away from your stomach so I don't get oil on it."
I hesitate knowing that will show my pubic hair to his eyes. Then, I realize how juvenile that is. He saw everything down there last night. I pull my suit away from lower stomach and his hand dips down deep, over my pubic hair and his middle finger dips between my pussy lips. A girlie whimper of surprise comes from my throat. I hear some knowing male and female chuckles from behind me. Greg finishes his exploration, removes his hand and oils my thighs. He spreads one hand over my mostly naked bum-cheek behind to steady me as he works the lotion into my thighs. He runs the edge of his hand over my crotch longer than necessary when he does the top of my legs. I'm sure the others can plainly see him stroking my sex as he does this. I bite my lip and enjoy the sensation. I'm an adult now around other adults.
Greg hugs me and we kiss. His bare chest against my naked breasts feels amazing. His hand goes to my bum and I can feel his package against my lower stomach. We turn and make small talk with the others. The men casually stroke the bodies of their girlfriends who respond warmly to their touch. One of the couples goes down below. We can hear their moans and love talk from an open bulkhead covering. The four of us aboveboard are obviously getting aroused as we go silent and start cuddling our partners.
Jessica says, "Excuse me folks, I have to hit the head."
I have to pee too and say, "Let me join you."
Her and I go to the back of the boat and down the stairs. Jessica goes first and when we pass the bedroom, I see the lovers have left the door open and the girl is giving her boyfriend oral. He looks up at me with a big shit-ass grin on his face as she eagerly sucks his erection. Shocked by the sight, I'm frozen. Then I come to my senses and scurry behind Jessica to the large bathroom and shut the door behind us.
I say, "Did you see that!"
"Oh yes, that's nothing new. No big deal. We all know each other from way back. I went out with him for a while. In fact, he was my first." She pulls down her bikini bottom and sits on the toilet, pees and continues, "By the way, my name's Lucy. Boy, are you lucky snagging Greg. He's a real catch. I can see that you really adore him." She gets up, wipes herself and pulls up her bikini bottom.
I position myself on the toilet and say, "You can really say that again. He's great. We just started going out and I'm already head over heels."
I finish, wipe and we go out. Approaching the door to the bedroom, I can hear animal grunts and moans. The couple are fucking in missionary position as we pass the still open door. The man's muscular ass thrusts fast and hard as his partner urges him on. I peak, then divert my gaze and rush up the stairs. The image of them fucking lustily is etched in my brain.
Greg shouts, "There they are! Hey girls, we guys just had to piss over the side. One of the luxuries of manhood. The sun is going down. Let's go back to dock and party the night away." Everyone cheers and the couple from below joins us. Greg directs us like a crew to unfurl the sails and pull on the ropes. He shouts out, "Hey girls, put on your bikini tops. The yacht club has stuffy old rules about baring your beautiful breasts." Sailing back is all great fun. We are soon in the harbor and docked as night falls. I feel so grown up around these amazing people.
Greg's Viewpoint
It's good to be docked so I can stop driving the yacht and start having fun with my new babe. God, she has such a great body and the cutest bum. The other guys were checking her out, bigtime and I'm sure they're envious of me. I hated asking the girls to put their tops back on. No problem, we will be fucking later.
I turn to Bonnie and say, "I hope you brought some warm clothes to change into like I said." She nods yes. "Let's go below and change into them. It's getting a bit chilly."
I lead the way and go into the second bedroom where our backpacks with our clothes are. I close the door and Bonnie stands there shyly as I pull off my T-shirt and Speedo. Then I give my cock a few pulls to get it right.
"Come on love, time to get changed. Don't be shy. I saw everything last night and loved it." She pulls a pair of jeans and a light wool sweater top out of her backpack and puts them on the bed. Next, off goes her bikini top revealing her perky tits. "I could see the guys really loved looking at your breasts. They are so much nicer than the other girls." It's so sweet the way Bonnie smiles shyly at the complement. She bends and pulls her bikini bottom down and off. "Wow, there's my naked girlfriend that I've been dying to see all day." Got to love the sweet little beaver. "Come over here, sexy girl and give me a kiss." She bites her lip timidly and comes into my arms. Our naked bodies fit perfectly as our lips meet in a passionate kiss. My cock thickens as my hands massage her firm bare ass. A thought to have a quick fuck hits my lust filling brain but it's too early for that. I stand back and say, "Okay love, let's get dressed and go up to join our friends.
She goes to put on some panties. I say, "Don't wear those. It's sexy for me to be thinking about you naked down below. It will be our little secret." She blushes and puts them back into her backpack, then steps into her jeans and shimmies as she pulls them up over her bottom. I love the way her tits jiggle as she does that. Her tight jeans show off her gorgeous ass perfectly. Next, she pulls her woolen sweater over her head and on. It hugs her breasts, and the erect nipples show through sexily. Fuck, does she look gorgeous or what? I like that she's going braless without my asking.
I put on my jeans, also with no underwear and a long-sleeved shirt. "See sweetie, I'm going commando too." We laugh and go up to the deck. Watching her sweet ass ahead of me as we go up the stairs is a treat.
The others are all changed and already having beers or wine on the upper deck near the bow. I call the yacht club dining room and order three pizzas to be delivered to the yacht.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
These people are so beautiful and sophisticated. I feel intimidated and yearn to fit in. Greg is so perfect and like Lucy said, I'm lucky to be with him. I hold on to his arm as the group makes small talk. They've all known each other for years so it's hard for me to say anything. I just bask in the glow of being here. This white wine is so delicious. I drink very slowly so I don't make an ass of myself.
I can hear parties on other boat docked in the marina. The air is a bit chilly and it's embarrassing to see my nipples sticking out so prominently through my sweater. These are juvenile thoughts that I know I shouldn't worry about. I'm an adult now, a real woman. Greg likes to hold my bum and I feel proud that he finds me attractive. The others liberally feel each other intimately in the dim light. It's all harmless affection. That's what I'm learning. The man who looked me deep in my eyes when his girlfriend was giving him oral gives me a strange look occasionally. That gives me a funny feeling. I'll have to apologize for staring him and his girlfriend. It's just that I was shocked and surprised and my feet didn't work to stop me staring at their lovemaking. I found out his name is Richard, and his girlfriend is Michelle. Lucy's boyfriend is Jake.
The pizza comes and I am starving. We laugh and dive in with both hands. In no time the food is consumed, and Greg puts on some music. We dance on the deck to the fast rock tunes shaking our bodies and laughing. Lucy's boyfriend Jake brings out a joint and passes it around. I've done marijuana a few times with my girlfriends and inhale along with the others. The wine and grass make me feel so mellow. We dance to the fast tunes and mix partners. I can feel men's hands that aren't Greg's on my bum and breasts. It's accidental and nobody thinks anything of it. It's just adult fun.
A slow dance comes over the speakers and I melt into Greg's arms. I lean my head against his chest and bask in the sensuous pleasure of our bodies fitting together so perfectly as we dance slowly. I reach my lips up and kiss his neck as his hands slip to my bum.
I whisper in his ear, "Greg, I love you so much."
He says, "I'm falling for you Bonnie. You are incredible." I bask in the glow of his affection. Our bodies sway slowly to the music. I look over at the other couples. They are kissing and caressing each other's body in time to the slow beat. It is all so romantic.
Greg whispers, "We like to dance a bit with our friends. We are very close."
He steps back and walks to towards Lucy and Jake. She smiles and Greg takes her in his arms as Jake comes towards me. He slips his hands around my waist and I place mine on his strong chest.
He says, "It's great that you are joining us. We have all been friends since forever. It's nice to have a new face in the group and a pretty face it is."
I say, "Thanks. You guys have made me feel so welcome."
"I told Greg he has found a really great woman. You are so sweet, and I couldn't help admiring your killer body in your bikini."
His hands go to my bum. Thank goodness my bottom is positioned away from Greg's eyes. What should I do? It's harmless. I look over a Greg and Lucy and see them groping each other's asses. Wow, these guys are very close.
Jake puts his hand on the back of my head and pulls it to his chest and says, "Relax, Bonnie. It's all good." I lean my head on his chest and his hands go back to my bum now squeezing the cheeks. Oh, my goodness, I feel his stiff erection against my waist. My pussy is getting aroused. That is so naughty. We dance closely for several minutes. My mind is in a reverie as the grass and the wine are having a mellowing effect. I feel a tap on my shoulder.
I look up and see Richard, Michelle's boyfriend. He says, "Next." Jake steps back without a word and Richard takes me into his arms and immediately cups my ass-cheeks. This is the man that I saw having sex. How embarrassing. I remember how I stared, frozen, at the door.
I whisper an apology, "I'm sorry I was staring when you were in the bedroom with your girlfriend. I was kind of in shock."
He replies, "Not a problem. It's all cool. Actually, I left the door open because I like when people see me having sex. It's a big turn-on."
I don't know what to say so I just lean my cheek against his chest and slow dance. He takes my hand and puts on the front of his jeans. My god, he has a big erection. I pull my hand back. What if Greg saw that? I see Richard's girlfriend stroking the front of Greg's jeans with no shame and he's returning the favor, digging his fingers into her crotch. Richard sees me looking over with a hurt look on my face.
"See, Greg is okay with adult play. It's all harmless fun among friends. Feel my cock again."
Lucy and Richard are also groping each other, and I feel like a prude. With some modesty, I turn us so Richard's back is to Greg and I hold his erection through his jeans.
"That's the girl." He murmurs in my ear. This is all so new to me but these folks treat this sex play like it's a normal thing.
He plunges his palm over the front of my jeans to my crotch. Oh, sweet Mary, that feels so good. I give a moan of surprise and Richard chuckles. Thank god Greg can't see this. Sweet mercy, he's stroking his fingers deeply along my jeans over my slit. I bite my lip and lust starts to build in my brain. Instinctively I stroke his cock. Oh, no, he's turning us towards Greg and Michelle. Greg will see me. What's this, Greg just smiles and nods yes. He's okay with this. I see his hand is under Michelle's top cupping her bare breast. Oh shit, Richard is feeling my breast under my sweater too. I can't look at Greg while this is happening, so I close my eyes and continue moving slowly to the slow dance music.
My dance partner moans loudly, "Fuck, you have nice tits."
I cringe knowing everyone could hear that and look over at Greg. He must have seen some stress in my eyes because he's coming back over as the song ends. Everyone couples back up and refills their drinks as if nothing has happened. Greg fills my glass. This white wine is the best I've ever tasted. Jake passes around another joint and my body is immediately awash in pleasant sensations. It is so romantic being under the stars on a yacht sipping wine with my handsome man. I relax in his strong arms and feel so lucky.
Greg takes my hand and we go to the foredeck for some privacy. He leans me against the mast and we kiss. I melt into his body and enjoy the taste of him. Simple joy fills my mind as our tongues swirl together. We are in a perfect, private envelop. His hand cups my breast over my sweater. The sex play with Jake and Richard has me so horny and the wine and grass has reduced my inhibitions. I take his hand and pull it under to my bare skin. He reaches under with his other hand and now both my breasts are enjoying his experienced handling. Oh my, that grunt deep in his throat reminds me of last night when he mounted me for sex. I feel a thrill shot through my chest.
I sigh into his ear, "Greg, I love you so much." His hands go to the front of my jeans and my belt is quickly undone, my waistband released and my zipper pulled down. I moan as his fingers plunge inside to my pussy. "Oh yes, sweetheart, yes." I spread my legs to allow him better access and I swoon when his fingers trace a line between my pussy lips.
With urgency he says, "Undo my pants." I frantically open his belt, undo the button at the waistband and pull down the zipper. His stiff erection pops into my hand. Another sexy grunt comes from his throat. I grasp the velvet shaft and kiss his neck. My breathing is coming in gasps as lust fills my brain. The cabins below are waist high on this upper deck with windows around. This shields our lower bodies from the others. Greg turns me and pushes my chest onto the flat cabin roof. He pulls my jeans down roughly. Oh my god, he's going to have sex with me like this. I look over the flat roof and see the others looking over at us.
I say in a panic, "Let's go downstairs to a bedroom, my love."
It's like he isn't hearing me. His hands hold my hips and I can feel the head of his penis search at the bottom of my crack. He pulls on my waist and it lodges in my vagina opening. He grunts and a solid connection is made. Then a powerful thrust and his hips collide with my bum as his erection fills me. I spread my arms flat across the cabin roof and absorb the violent thrusts of my boyfriend's passion. My god, he's so horny. I look up and see the other couples are making out on the other deck area. Richard that sexy guy, is looking over at Greg and I. He can't see my bare bottom. It's hidden by the cabin, but our fucking must be so obvious with Greg standing behind me thrusting. Richard gives a big shit-ass grin. I look away in embarrassment mixed with erotic pleasure.
He groans loudly, "Oh fuck yes."
Soon, Greg slows his thrusting and even grinds his erection around inside my pussy. I can feel my love juices gush as his manhood glides over my clit. Oh, sweet Mary, that is so delicious. His hand reaches up under my sweater and cups my breast. I reach back and hold his bare bum. Words are on the tip of my tongue to urge him on but I'm too embarrassed to say them with the other folks so near.
Greg stops. Oh no, that was feeling so good. He pulls me upright and as he does up his jeans, I do the same. I brazenly say, "I need you so much. Let's go down to the bedroom."
He understands my need and replies, "Don't worry love, we will have lots of time later." We walk back to the others and sit coolly on a lounging chair with them.
Richard and Michelle are laying down along the length of the lounging chair with her on her back and her head in his lap. He kisses her and strokes her body over her clothes, first her breasts and then her crotch. What an exhibitionist. I hug Greg and kiss his neck on our lounging chair opposite them. His hand goes casually to my thigh and then slowly up to my crotch. I kiss his ear as a sign of total submission. My knees part of their own volition and his fingers discover my sensitive private parts. These folks just watched me having sex so they already know I'm a tart. Plus, they all are open about their sexy natures. He takes my hand and pulls it to his waist. I know he wants me to hold his penis inside his jeans. He wants to show off his sexually obedient girlfriend. That's great with me. I run my hand over the hard staff within that minutes ago was deep in my center.
Further over in a darker corner of the deck, I hear Jake say, "Take it out and suck it." Then, the sound of a zipper and the creak of the plastic longing chair as Lucy moves her position to her knees between his legs. Even in the darkness, I can see her still clothed with her bottom towards us and her blonde head bobbing up and down over his crotch. There is a look of pure pleasure on Jake's handsome face. Geez, they are doing oral right out in the open.
On the other longing chair Richard has pulled up Michelle's top exposing her breasts. Her jeans are unzipped with his hand buried deep inside her panties. She is moaning and loving his intimate exploration.
Greg and I must have started something. The sexual scene is overpowering my senses. My pussy is gushing and throbbing. It was only partially satisfied with our lovemaking. I whisper panting and pleading into Greg's ear again, "Let's go downstairs, my love. Please." I know he understands I want to make love.
He stares at the other lovers and replies, "Soon, love, very soon."
I kiss his lips and sigh, "Thanks, I need you." He face is filled with lust as he looks at the other lovers. I can't help being moved by the sexy action too. Lucy is making loud sucking sounds on Jake's cock over on my left. His animal grunts as he enjoys her mouth are so primal.
Richard, the exhibitionist, unzips and proudly pulls out his big penis. I blush a thousand shades of red when he winks at me as Michelle grasps the stiffening shaft. He pushes her jeans down and off. She isn't wearing panties and her cleanly shaven pussy comes into view. She leans to his waist and happily licks his cock from the base to the tip. Richard has pulled her long blonde hair back to proudly show us everything. What a showoff.
I see Greg lick his lips at the erotic sight. His erection inside his pants feels rock hard. My mind frantically searches for how I can be his perfect mate among these beautiful people and please him like the other girls. Of course, they are all giving their lovers oral. I unzip Greg's jeans, pull out his cock and joyously take the head into my mouth. I feel his hand pull my hair back to show the others my cock-sucking. The other hand pulls up my sweater and I feel the sweet pleasure of his hand massaging my exposed breast. My pussy is on fire. Lust is burning my brain. I need his hand on my pussy and like a tart I reach down, open my jeans and push them down to my knees. I take Greg's hand to my pussy.
He murmurs, "What do we have here, a horny girl who wants me to stroke her sweet honeypot." He pushes my jeans down my legs and off before raking his fingers through my pubic hair and then down under to my wet pussy. My loud groan is greeted by words of approval from the others. I feel a sense of belonging with these incredible people.
Greg's Viewpoint
Bonnie's pussy is so wet and she squirms as I stroke it. Richard has his eyes drilled into her crotch. He likely hasn't seen real pubic hair in years. I smile and he sees this and smiles back at me. What a bold, horny fucker.
Here comes Lucy and Jake. He says, "We are off mates. Great day and we'll see you all soon." Bonnie lifts her lips off my dick and looks up at them. Lucy says, "Great to meet you Bonnie. Hope to see you again soon." I can see Bonnie is a bit taken back but she says, "Yes super thanks." She watches them walk off. I move her head and lips back to my cock.
Richard looks down at Michelle and says, "Hold my balls and lick them sweetheart. You know how I love that." What a raunchy dude. What's this, Bonnie is cupping my ball-sack and holy fuck she's licking my balls. That's fucking incredible. What a fast learner. Let me spread my legs so she can lick the bottom of my sack too. What an erotic sight, a beautiful, fresh young girl with her pink tongue swirling over my nut-sack. My fucking lust meter is way over into the red zone. I have to fuck her tight pussy before I cum all over her face.
I lift her face and say, "Let's go downstairs Bonnie,"
A big smile breaks out on her pretty face as we rise. I can see Richard has a disappointed look on his face. He obviously wanted to have a couples mini-orgy. Too bad, I think as I wave at them. "Goodnight folks." Bonnie leads and her bare ass is so cute with her wool sweater still on. We rush to the back of the boat, down the stairs and into the first bedroom. I strip off my shirt and away goes Bonnie's sweater and we eagerly jump into bed. After the foreplay on the deck, I'm randy and ready. I put Bonnie on her back.
She moans, "Oh Greg, I love you so much."
I'm on my knees between hers as her legs spread wide inviting me in. Her pink gash surrounded by light pubic hair is crazy-making as my breath comes in pants. My cock is semi-erect and I want it rock hard. I stare at her hot pussy as I stroke my dick until it is granite hard. Falling forward, the end of my cock finds her vagina instantly and I mount her. I'm on my knees and elbows softly touching her perfect, feminine body as the head of my cock lodges deliciously inside the entrance to her vagina. I can hear my roar bounce off the walls as I thrust as hard as I can and as deep as I can into her center. A wave of pure pleasure washes through me. I feel her hands on my back and her arms holding me closer. I can't control my passion and plunge into her sex fast and hard for I don't know how long.
Bonnie whimpers as I hump her hard, "Oh yes, my love, do me."
My senses start coming around and I slow the pace of my fucking. The action above had my lust revved up. I don't want to cum too quickly so rolling to the side Bonnie is pulled on top, straddling me. She has a surprised look on her face. Of course, I realize this is all new to her. She was a virgin just yesterday.
I say, "Let's do it this way. You'll like it." My dick is out of her vagina. "Bonnie, reach under and put my cock back in your pussy." She dutifully reaches down from her sitting position to her crotch, grabs the shaft and lodges the head in the love entrance. "Now sit down." She obeys and a look of pleasure crosses her face as I enter to the hilt. I ask, "How does that feel?"
She smiles a cute sly smile and says, "Greg, that feels so amazing. You're amazing. Thank you for showing me how to make love."
I look up into her eyes and with pure love in my heart say, "Kiss me."
She leans her firm breasts against my chest and kisses me, deeply and long. I hug her to me. Soon, I gently pull my cock back inside her pussy and then in again. I slide my hands down to her soft butt-cheeks. I pull her ass and pussy down and my cock slides deliciously up inside her tight, wet pussy. Her clit is mashed against the base of my cock. My lovers have told me how that makes them crazy. I release her ass and my cock slides back a few inches. She sighs and of her own accord, lifts her pussy and then gently places it down on my waist, then up further and then more deliberately down.
I urge her on, "That's the stuff, baby. You do it. All right. Yes. That's good. Fuck just like that."
She sits up to get maximum contact with my junk and starts rocking her sex on my dick with a serious look on her pretty face, her eyes closed. Her tits are jiggling erotically in front of my eyes as she humps my cock. I reach up and hold them. What a sweet handful in each hand. She opens her eyes, looks down at my hands cupping her breasts, smiles approval before shutting them and going inward to her private, primal lust place. Fuck does this wench love fucking. Ahhh, she's starting to moan like she's going to cum. Let me pinch her nipples to urge her over the edge.
She throws her head back, opens her mouth wide and screams, "OOOOOOOOOhhhhh MY GOD,AAAAHHH, OH YES, Gee. My god I can't believe this. Oh my god." She grinds her pussy into my crotch as she milks her orgasm for all it's worth, then falls onto my chest panting in my ear. I can feel her pussy throbbing around my cock. Amazing.
This is all wonderful, but I need to do some thrusting and cum in her pussy. I say in her ear, "On your back Bonnie. I want to fuck you."
She obediently rolls off me to her back and opens her legs invitingly as I shift position over her. I'm stiff this time and I mount her as she holds my ass. My cock slips into her wet pussy like a warm glove. I thrust in to the hilt and feel my balls against her ass.
She moans in my ear, "Greg, my dear. I love you so much."
Her love cries urge on my lust and I thrust in and out hard. The thud of our bodies colliding is so perfect. I reach under her legs and prop up her bottom with my hands under her ass on the bed to drive my cock deeper and thrust again and again. Her feet are high and her legs wave at every thrust. Holy fuck, I can feel the mother of all fucking orgasms coming. Holy fuck. Oh shit.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
Greg is screaming out animal sounds and half words as he drills his manhood into me. His passion is incredible. His face is red with strain and his eyes are blank, looking inward. I'm so glad he's having a great orgasm. I'm so proud. I love him so much. Oh dear, I feel his sperm in the crack of my bum. He's starting to relax and is rolling off me. I'll snuggle into his strong body as he recovers. I feel so connected to this incredible man. Let me kiss his shoulder and hold him close. My heart is bursting with pure love. I'm the luckiest and happiest girl on earth.
Many weeks later:
Greg is back at University far away and Bonnie misses him dearly. They had a week and a half together and made passionate love many times. He won't be back for months. Greg professed his affection for Bonnie, but he was honest and said it was too early to commit to an exclusive relationship. That might happen after graduation he assured her, but the future was unknown. Bonnie was totally in love and couldn't think of going out with anyone else even if Greg was dating some other girl at university. She was determined to wait. They talked or had many webmeetings which was great, but it wasn't the same.
Bonnie went out with her high school friends and even dated a nice boy once who was a bit older and going to a local college. But he just wasn't masculine and strong like Greg. He wasn't mature. Nothing happened. Bonnie often got very horny in the night as she remembered making passionate love to Greg. She started masturbating especially after her long-distance conversations with Greg. Hearing his voice got her so worked up. She had never pleasured herself before having sex with him. There was like a hole in her being without his touch that she needed to fill. Now she needed to masturbate to quell her newly awakened womanly pussy.
The other two couples, the friends of Greg's on the yacht that night, kept in touch. The girls called occasionally. They even invited her to a surprise birthday for Richard at Michelle's apartment. There was about a dozen people there and it was fun for Bonnie to see Greg's and her friends again. Lucy's brother, who was much older, came on to her, but Bonnie was uncomfortable with that. .
At the party, Bonnie could feel Richard, Michelle's boyfriend looking at her in a certain way like when they were all making out on the boat. She remembered his lusty sexual appetite. It gave her a funny feeling and she couldn't help remembering him having sex boldly right in front of her. Later when everyone had smoked some grass and drank a few beers, he cornered her and chatted her up. It was obvious to Bonnie that he wanted to be with her but that was out of the question. She was waiting for Greg and his girlfriend Michelle was becoming her good friend. After the party, Bonnie was embarrassed when occasionally in her nighttime masturbating fantasies, Richard, naked with his big cock would show up and speed her to a lusty orgasm. She decided that there were just adult fantasies that every woman might have.
Lucy was the one that Bonnie could have a woman-to-woman chat with about sex. She told her how horny she got with Greg away. Lucy was frank and said Bonnie should just date a fuck-buddy until Greg got back. But Bonnie didn't want any relationship other than with Greg plus her parents wouldn't allow her dating others. Her father thought Greg was an ideal mate for her. Lucy even told her about Tinder, a sex hookup dating app that she uses occasionally for some quick and raunchy variety. Bonnie said she was too shy for that. She envied Lucy's ease with sex
A couple of days after the party Bonnie got a call from Richard's girlfriend, Michelle.
"Hi Bonnie, this is Michelle, I was talking with Lucy and she told me about your frustration around sex with Greg gone for months. I feel for you. A heathy active sex life is so important for a real woman to stay sane. You know, when we were on the yacht, you were very comfortable around Richard and I when we were all making out together. Right? You enjoyed that right?"
"Yes, it was great. You guys are awesome."
"Tell you what. Why don't you come over to our place Friday night. You, Richard and I can have a nice get-together, the three of us. Richard really thinks you're attractive and I'm not the jealous type."
Bonnie realized what she was saying. They wanted a three-way. She hesitated and said, "Thanks, but I don't know."
Michelle continued, "We will go super slow, and you can stop if you aren't into it. It's all good. Greg wouldn't mind. I shouldn't tell you this, but he and his old girlfriend used to have sexy evenings like this with Richard and I. It's just adult fun."
"I don't know Michelle."
"It won't be a lesbian thing, don't worry. I'm just into men. Richard thinks you are really hot and between us girls, he is an amazing fuck. You'll love it. Do you find him attractive?"
"Yes of course, he's good looking and a great guy. You're a lucky woman. But I just don't know."
"Tell you what. Think about it. Its only Monday. Text me by Wednesday if you want to give it a try. If not, no biggie. We're still friends. Right?"
"Okay, thanks friend."
Bonnie did think about it over the next couple of days particularly after Richard, Michelle's boyfriend invaded another masturbation fantasy. She was getting so horny for real human sexual touch. She texted Michelle on Wednesday that she wanted to visit them on Friday. If nothing sexual happens, at least she thought it would be a fun evening with some of Greg's great friends and her new ones.
Michelle got a call from Bonnie on Thursday.
"Hi, this is Bonnie, how are you?"
"Did you change your mind?"
"No. No. I just wanted to know what I should wear. This is new for me."
"A blouse and skirt are good."
"I just have those conservative ones from school. My parents wouldn't let me have a clubbing outfit like my girlfriends."
"No problem. In fact, Richard was telling me he was having a schoolgirl fantasy about you the other night when we were having sex. That reminds me. Just wear your normal school panties not any exotic types. I think that will make him crazy."
Bonnie felt a surge of nervous adrenaline with that and said meekly. "Okay, sure."
"And wear a bra too, just like school." Bonnie blushed deeply again at that. A nervous thrill went through her chest.
They hung up and later Bonnie got a text reading, 'Don't shave your pubes' with a happy face emoji with a wink.' That got her so worked up that she ran to her room and her lube bottle to quell the heat in her crotch. She had an epic orgasm thinking about Friday night but still wasn't sure she could do anything with Richard. Her love for Greg was so deep. Richard said he liked people watching him have sex. Maybe she thought, she can just watch him and Michelle while she pleasures herself. That would not be betraying Greg in her mind.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
I was getting so horny all-day Friday, tingling all over after my shower as I was getting dressed for our special night. When I was fully clothed, I stood in front of the mirror to see if everything looked right. My blonde hair looked good. I had it on a ponytail like at school. My white blouse was pressed neatly, and my white bra is slightly visible through the cotton fabric. My blouse was buttoned to the top like for school, and I undid two of them to be more casual. Then, I undid another to show a bit of the bra. The dark blue pleated skirt seemed so conservative a few inches below the knee. But this was all I had. I put on my dressy low heels. No way would I wear my nerdy school shoes, no matter what Richard wanted.
I had butterflies in my stomach as I took an Uber over to Michelle's apartment. My heart was beating fast as I went up in the elevator and I had to catch my breath before I nervously knocked on the door.
Richard's Viewpoint
There she is at the door. Shit, I just got an instant woody. Better adjust it and follow Michelle to the door.
Michelle opens the door and says, "Hi Bonnie, come on in." What a sweetie and she's wearing her school outfit. Michelle hugs the girl and continues, "Welcome friend."
How cute, she's holding her small purse with both hands in front of her pleated school skirt and looking up shyly. What a sexy schoolgirl.
I walk up, smile and say, "Hi Bonnie, great to see you again." She looks up with a bit of a worried look. I need to break the ice. "Come here and give Richard a hug." I give an innocent hug and step back. "Why don't you girls go into the living room and have a girl chat while I get us drinks. What would you like Bonnie?"
"I'll just have a beer, if that's okay."
"You're darn right that's okay. Coming right up."
I go into the kitchen and lean on the counter to still my beating heart. Jesus, I can't believe she's dressed just like I asked and she's here for a three-way. Greg said she was a virgin when they met. She's hardly had any sex. This is going to be fun. I want to go slow and enjoy every minute of this. I go out with the beers. They are sitting on the sofa.
"Here we are ladies." They are on the sofa and I sit in the leather armchair, opposite. "Bonnie, it was great seeing you at the birthday party."
She says, "It was nice seeing you guys too. I was hoping to stay friends with Greg's buddies."
Michelle says, "Of course. And I'm sure you miss Greg. He's such a great guy."
I say "You are a lucky girl. You bet, he's my best friend. And I must say he's so lucky to have a great woman like you. Isn't that right Michelle?"
"Right, he's very lucky to be with a beautiful, intelligent woman like you."
She blushes and says, "Thanks." I could just eat her up.
I say, "Why don't we toke up? Grass makes me relaxed. You like grass, right?"
Bonnie smiles and says, "Yes, sure."
We pass the joint around and soon we are laughing at nothing and drinking our beers.
I sit back in my armchair and say, "Thanks for wearing the school outfit. I appreciate that."
Bonnie's Viewpoint
I can see his hungry eyes drilling into my blouse and skirt as I sit opposite him. It gives me a funny feeling as he boldly looks me over. I clinch my knees together and try not to look at his keenly searching eyes.
Michelle says, "Why don't you stand up and give Richard a good look at your outfit. Would you like that Richard?"
"I sure would."
I stand up and face him. He looks me up and down slowly. His eyes are too intense, so I look down at the floor. I can feel my heart beating faster as he checks me out.
"You look great Bonnie. Very nice. Could you turn around for me?"
I turn around and face Michelle as Richard checks out my rear. I can hear him give a many deep sound in his throat as he eyes my backend.
He says, "You have a very beautiful ass, Bonnie. I couldn't help checking it out on the boat. Very nice."
He stands up and says to Michelle, "Come up here too, baby." She comes to stand beside us and he hugs her. "Michelle has a super ass too. I just love feeling it." He reaches down and cups her bum. "Do you like when I do that baby?"
Michelle look up at him and says, "Yes, I love it. Why don't you give Bonnie some love?
I stand there frozen as he turns and holds me tight. His hands slide down to my bum and gives a strong squeeze that gives me a thrill and reminds me of Greg's intimate touch.
"You have a great ass, Bonnie. Very sweet."
I lean my cheek on his chest and try to relax to enjoy the feel of his touch. He smells so manly.
He pulls back and spreads an arm to Michelle, "Come on in here." He is hugging us both now with a hand on each of our bums. "Aren't I the luckiest guy, two incredible women. Wow." His voice sounds stoned like he had a few beers before I got here.
She kisses him under the neck and undoes his shirt buttons then strokes his muscular chest as I watch. Now, she's kissing his chest and sucking on his nipple. My god, that is so sexy. I can't stop watching. I lean my head on his upper arm and watch her pleasuring her man. Richard's hand massaging my bum feel so good. She lifts her head and looks at me.
"May I?" she says as she reaches to my blouse and my top button. I react instinctively and put my hand over hers to stop her uncovering my chest. She says nothing and just unbuttons her own silk blouse and exposes her gorgeous bare breasts. My guilty look must convey my regret and she reaches back over and slowly undoes my blouse as I bury my head in Richard's chest. His hand goes from my bottom to my newly exposed bra. He cups one breast gently and then the other. It feels so good to have a man's hand on my private areas again. What pleasure.
Michelle shifts and stands behind Richard wrapping her hands around him with one hand on his chest and the other holding his big package. Now, with his two hands free, Richard continues exploring my breasts while massaging my bum. I close my eyes and enjoy the magic of his touch. I need a kiss. I need to kiss his lips.
Richard's Viewpoint
She lifts her lips to mine and kisses me passionately as I feel her firm breasts. She puts her hands behind my neck and gives me full access to her body. Michelle feeling my package is getting my lust rising as I hold and explore this young girl.
She breaks the kiss and says, "My head is woozy. Can we sit down?"
I walk her to the sofa, and we sit down. She rests her head on my shoulder as Michelle puts on some relaxing soft jazz music and then sits behind me.
Bonnie says with a sigh of relief, "I feel better now. Thanks." I can't take my eyes off her sweet, young beauty.
Michelle says from behind me, "No problem sweetheart, just relax."
"Thanks, you guys are great."
She looks up into my face with a friendly look and says to me, "You are such a great kisser. Can I have another? It seems like years since Greg and I kissed. I miss it."
Her lips come to mine and I can feel her passion rising as our tongues find each other and dance. She strokes my chest. That must be a signal to feel hers. I cup her breast and she give an appreciative sigh. Going slow is so fucking erotic. I slide my hand inside her bra and cup her bare breast. She boldly undoes the center clasp and both breasts are free to my touch. Fuck, she is getting into this. She sighs as I massage them and tweak her tiny pink nipples.
I feel Michelle hand grab my package and groan in surprise. Bonnie breaks our kiss and looks down at Michelle's hand on the growing tent in my pants. I place my hand on Bonnie's cheek and place her head back on my shoulder.
"Relax love it's all good."
My mind turns to her pussy under that schoolgirl skirt, the hairy pussy Greg bragged about. I reach under behind her back to her ass with one hand and with the other grab both ass-cheeks strongly. Our lips meet again and with both hands on her ass I pull her body to mine. I can feel her bare breasts against my chest. She melts into my body with a sigh. This girl needs a good fuck.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
His kisses transport me. I hear a zipper and look down to see Michelle pulling out Richard's manhood. Oh my god, it's too intense. I'll hide my eyes looking back at the wall behind his head as he feels my bottom. I bite my lip and enjoy his naughty touch. His hands go back to my breasts and I can feel my body relax. I instinctively trust him and Michelle.
Richard whispers, "Is everything all right?"
I whisper back nervously, "Yes, no problem."
Richard turns to his loving girlfriend and holds her tight while kissing her. I lean on his shoulder and watch the lovers. He pleasures her breasts like he did mine and she obviously loves it. She opens his belt and his waistband. He's wearing no underwear and his private parts are free. He reaches under the hem of her skirt and then up to her crotch. She groans in pleasure and I can smell the distinct odor of female juices. Quickly, she lifts her bum off the sofa and strips off her skirt to be totally nude. Richard resumes groping her pussy as their lips lock again in a lover's passionate kiss. Watching her hump her pelvis as he dives a finger in her vagina makes my pussy throb. I can just imagine her pleasure.
Michelle isn't holding his manhood. I look down at his erection. Should I hold it? I so loved holding Greg's manly cock. What harm can there be? I hold the shaft and waves of erotic memories flood over me.
Richard's Viewpoint
What's this? Bonnie is holding my dick. Time to move things along. I turn to her and kiss her lips. My hand goes to her knee. I can feel her tense and her hand releases my cock. She slowly relaxes and puts both her hands again behind my head. I take that as allowing me to roam my hands anywhere. I reach under her knees to the hem of her skirt and run my hand up over her knee to the soft, bare skin of her thigh. Her body stiffens again as she realizes where my hand is going.
Michelle's lips encircle the head of my cock and my brain swirls in a fog of lust. Fuck it if Bonnie is nervous about this. I want to feel that pussy and hurriedly run my hand up to the hot crotch of her panties forcing her legs to part.
She breaks our kiss, and she pants out, "Oh yes, yes, just like that." I'm glad she is welcoming my strong need.
I look down at an amazing sight. Michelle is licking my cock as this beautiful young girl has her tits hanging out of her open blouse like a tart and my hand is under her skirt on her panty covered pussy. Fuck, it's good to be me.
I want to see more of this horny girl. I say firmly, "Lift your skirt up." She pulls it up to where I can just barely see the crotch of her white panties. Fuck that. I want more. "No higher. All the way up." She obediently bunches her skirt and pulls it onto her belly revealing everything. Fuck, it's even better than my fantasy, a white satin full panty with a cute little bow at the waistband. I can see the camel-toe notch of her pussy and the small ripples and dark shade of her pubic hair underneath. Michelle's tongue is swirling around the head of my cock. That is too fucking intense. I don't want to cum like this.
I look down to Michelle, "Please my love just rest your head on my knee." She gets the message, kisses my thigh and lays her head there. I can feel her hot breath on my cock. "That's the girl." I pat her head and turn back to sweet Bonnie and her sexy white panties and the wonders inside. She is squirming with her eyes closed as I grope her panty covered crotch. Michelle slowly moves away and sits on the armchair opposite. I move my hand to Bonnie's panty waistband and slide it inside. My palm glides over her silky pubic hair and down to the folds of her pussy. She kisses my neck furiously as I run my fingers along her wet slit. What a horny young lady.
I say, "Take off your panties sweetheart." She looks guiltily over at Michelle sitting watching from the armchair and freezes. The lusty mode is broken. Fuck, things were going great. She cringes into me as I hug her and ask, "Is something wrong?"
She whispers softly in my ear, "I feel guilty and self-conscious with Michelle watching. Why don't you and her make love? I will watch you guys just as you said you enjoy."
Fuck that. I want some of this new, young pussy. My lust fogged brain frantically searches for the exact best words to say that don't fuck things up. Yes, that's it. I say, "I think you would like some privacy for you and I to cuddle. How about you and I go into the bedroom for some private time. Michelle is cool with that, no problem."
She whispers, "If you think she doesn't mind." My heart leap for joy instantly knowing I'm going to be balls deep in her fresh, recently virgin tight pussy. "No, Michelle is totally cool with that." We stand and I hold Bonnie's hand and say to Michelle, "We're going into the bedroom for a bit. You don't mind do you."
She looks up and smiles broadly, "No, it's all good. You and I will have our fun later."
I lead the young thing into the bedroom, close the door, and turn on the side table lights to have an intimate mood in the room. As soon as I turn back to her, I see she has already stripped off her blouse, skirt and panties in double time. She walks up to me and starts aggressively kissing my chest and neck. Boy, does she need a good fuck. I point to the bed and she crawls on all fours to the other side. The sight of her pink gash below her bum-cheeks as she crawls is so fucking horny. I go in beside her and she pushes me aggressively on my back to mount me. Fuck that. Who's in control here? I know she's totally hot for anything now that we are alone to unleash her lust. I need to be in control.
"Suck my cock, Bonnie. I want to see your luscious lips wrapped around my dick."
Just as I thought, now that we are alone her inner slut is unleashed. Without a word, she scrambles down between my knees as I put a pillow behind my back and lean back against the headboard for a good view of the show. She is on her stomach with her head above my junk staring at my dickhead before opening her sweet pink lips and taking it in her mouth. If it was semi-hard when her lips touched it, it is granite hard a nanosecond later. The sight of her pretty face with my cock embedded in it will be etched forever in my primal brain. My god, she is gobbling my Johnson like a pro. Shit, she's licking my ball-sack. I've got to stop this or my cum will hit the ceiling any minute. I've got to cool it with a bit of oral for her.
"Up here on your back love."
She takes my place and I take hers with my face over her pubic hair covered pussy. The smell of young juices is intoxicating. I put my two hands under her ass and dive my mouth into the best tasting pussy I've had the pleasure to munch. Bonnie grabs my head and moans loudly as I lick every cranny of her delicious, young sex. She especially likes me spearing her vagina opening with the tip of my tongue. Her loud groans are a turn-on. She's a tiger for sex. Wow. Who would have thought it?
I need to fuck this delicious pussy and rise, kneel on the bed between her legs and pull her ass up onto my thighs. Fuck, what a lewd sight with her legs spread, her feet high and her pussy lips wide open just inches from my stiff cock. Her cute face is lust filled and needy. I pull her ass closer, almost touching my cock and notch the head in her vagina opening. Her eyes open wide. A surge of pure adrenaline goes through me and all the horny foreplay is channeled into a primal need to get my cock deep into this pussy. I fall forward mounting her, driving my dick home. My world is cock, pussy and the primal testosterone urge to fuck. I can hear my bull roar bounce off the walls as my balls slap against her ass. I drill her pussy with all my might hearing my waist slap against her ass again and again until my hot lust cools. I pause, regain my senses, and look down at her looking up at me in wonder. I was totally in a frenzied, fuck fest. Did I hurt her? She leans her lips to my hand beside her head and sweetly kisses my wrist. My god, she loves my lusty fucking. An almost giddy, erotic joy of relief fills my mind. This girl offers so many pleasures to be discovered.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
What a great orgasm I had while he was making love so fast and hard. It was amazing and I bet he doesn't even know I had one. Greg was never so lusty when he was with me. I love it strong like that. And that oral sex was so intense. I was on a knife edge of cumming by the time he mounted me. I love sex so much and when a man is mounting me to fuck, I just melt into a lust reverie. Going without sex this last month was crazy-making. Never again.
Oh great, he's grinding his manhood deep inside me. When his erection skims my clit is sends my lust up notch by erotic notch. My brain is bursting to say something.
"Richard, your cock feels so good the way you do that. You are a master."
He smiles a shit-ass grin and says, "I'm the pleasure machine, baby."
He slides his manhood almost out and then deep again and again. My pussy is so aroused I can't think. He is looking deeply into my eyes. I know he wants me to cum on his cock. Closer and closer to the brink. I can't stand it. He smiles knowingly down at me as my crotch explodes.
'AAAAAhhhhhhhh, OHHHHH Yes. Yes, Yes OH YES.' My pussy pulsates as wave of intense pleasure run up and down my body. The waves ebb and I can feel a relaxed grin on my face as my body calms.
Richard sits back suddenly on his knees and his erection pops up out of my vagina. He grabs the shaft and frantically jerks himself off. A warm string of semen soon hits my stomach as he makes grunting animal sounds as he cums. Wow, this is something new. He is such a horny guy. Michelle is so lucky.
He quickly recovers and runs to get us a warm facecloth to clean up. This brings me back to reality. In short order, we get out of bed. I get dressed and feel self-conscious as we go back out to the living room. Michelle must have heard our lusty lovemaking.
Michelle is dressed again. She runs up to me and says happily, "It sounds like you guys were having fun in there. Good for you." We give each other a big, sisterly hug.
I still feel guilty and say, "I hope it's okay with you."
She replies, "Not a worry, Richard and I love each other deeply and help each other fulfill our passions. You've just experienced one of my dear Richard's greatest passions. But you could do me a big favor."
"Sure, what's that?"
"I got so horny when you guys were having sex in there that I thought it would be great if you watched Richard and I making out. We are both exhibitionists, so it turns us on when someone's watching. Could you do that?"
How could I say no? I just had sex with her boyfriend, and she was needy. "Sure, of course. Just tell me what to do."
"Well, you just sit over on the leather armchair while we do our thing on the sofa. Easy, peazy. But first let's smoke some more pot. I want to really get into this. Grass increases all my appetites and loosens my barriers."
Richard lights a joint and soon my body is relaxed and humming with waves of pleasant feelings. Richard gets me a beer and I sit down to watch these two lovers. Fully clothed, they kiss passionately and grope each other's bodies. I can feel myself getting turned on as I watch their passion rise. They are such beautiful people. Richard opens her blouse and dips his head to suck on her nipples as she closes her eyes in sweet sensuality. Unconsciously, I see my hand is massaging my breast through my blouse. It's nice to join in on their pleasure. Still sucking her breasts, Richard's hand dips under her skirt. Her legs spread wide, showing her cleanly shaved pussy and his hand strokes it expertly. I bite my lip and remember his hand on my pussy. My crotch is starting to throb. I close my eyes and pinch my nipples and a shot of lust runs through me.
I hear a zipper and look over to see Michelle is pulling Richards pants down and off. His erect penis stands up proudly. When she bends over and takes the head into her mouth, I remember the taste and feel of his manhood in my mouth. I lick my lips and watch her loving his erection. My eyes look up and lock with Richard's. He points to my knees and with two hands motions for me to spread them. Before this evening, I couldn't imagine spreading my legs in the direction of a man to show my panties under my skirt. My mother taught me to keep my knees modestly together. His hungry eyes stir my new naughty side and I open them to show my panties. He motions to spread wider. I feel a hot blush on my cheeks as I spread them as wide as I can. The skirt rises up my thighs. He gives a big shit-ass grin. Michelle's slurping sounds on his manhood rev my lust up and I am breathing heavily through my nose. My legs wide and his eyes drilled into my crotch is crazy-making. My pussy is calling to be touched. I can't resist and reach down and pull the crotch of my panties to one side and stroke my pussy like a tart. Fuck, that feels good. He already knows I'm a tart.
The lovers shed their clothes and Michelle mounts Richard sitting on his cock facing me. Her look of ecstasy is amazing as she lifts her bottom up and down for maximum penetration. Richards hard cock and balls are in plain view and he holds a breast in each hand. What a sexy sight.
My hands have a will of their own as they unbutton my blouse and open the clasp between my bra cups. I squeeze my bare breast as my other hand returns below to pleasure my pussy. I've lost all modesty.
Richard's Viewpoint
Look at the young horny girl getting all hot and bothered over there all alone. Why don't I invite her over? I'll pat the sofa seat beside me as an invite.
"Why don't you come a little closer to the action? We won't bite."
Wow, she's coming over and sits an armlength away looking down at Michelle sucking my dick. I pull my girlfriend's hair away to let Bonnie see every erotic thing. Her blouse is open showing her gorgeous tits, but her skirt is modestly down below her knees. I can see the cock sucking is really turning her on. I stare down at her skirt trying to will her to bare her panties and pussy. She gets my vibe and her hands slowly go to the hem of her skirt. I look up and see a guilty look on her face as she pulls the skirt high and spreads her legs lewdly. The camel toe notch of her panties sends a surge of testosterone laced adrenaline through me. What a new slut in the making. Got to love it.
Having cum already, I can fuck for a long time and shoot when I want. Michelle loves doggy-style. I push her to get up. As I stand, she knows from experience what to do and places her chest on the sofa, kneeling on the carpet with her bare ass end ready to be mounted. Bonnie now has her hand deep inside her panties and is rubbing her pussy with a horny look on her cute teen face. I stroke my cock slowly as I watch her pleasuring herself. I like to be hard when I enter Michelle's pussy. My fingers feel along Michelle's pussy lips to her vagina opening to test for wetness. As always, Michelle is ready. I notch my cockhead in her vagina and thrust in solidly as Michelle groans loudly. I hear a whimpering sigh from Bonnie in womanly togetherness. An erotic idea pops into my head.
I look up at Bonnie and say firmly, "Get down here."
Like a shot, she obeys and kneels beside Michelle in the same doggy-style position. Michelle bless her, looks over at Bonnie's face, smiles and holds the girl's hand in support. I look back at the teen's skirt covering her ass and pull it over her back to expose her white panty-covered butt.
That erotic sight spurs me to thrust hard into Michelle's delicious pussy. She moans and says, "Richard, your cock feels so fucking great."
As I thrust into Michelle's delicious pussy, I place my hand on Bonnie's ass and she gives a sigh. My hand tracks down her panty-covered crack to her very hot, damp satin-covered crotch. She brazenly spreads her knees so I can feel deeper. I see her hand start to reach under to pleasure herself, but I hold her wrist and place it back on the sofa. I want her pussy begging for my cock not satisfied with her fingers.
I fuck Michelle hard a few more times and say, "My god honey, my cock loves your pussy." I love to talk dirty when I'm fucking. In group sex, it gets everyone horny.
She says, "You are the best Richard." Then she talks to Bonnie. "Would you like Richard to put out that fire in your pussy? Bonnie bites her lip with a guilty look on her face. Michelle continues is a sexy, girlie voice, "Its okay, Bonnie. Just pull down your panties and he will help you out."
Bonnie's Viewpoint
I can't help myself. My pussy is throbbing and she's right, it's on fire. I release Michelle's hand and with both hands pull down my panties in utter surrender to my base instincts. Richard let's out a manly groan as I expose my sex. My body knows to prepare for a man mounting me when he makes that sound. Oh, fuck yes, I need this. A thrill of anticipation runs through me. I hold Michelle's hand again and she squeezes it as I feel Richard shift in behind me. I had only pulled my panties down to my thighs. Richard pulls them down all the way and I lift one knee off the carpet and then the other to help him remove them completely. Oh good, I can part my knees further now to let him have full access to my very needy pussy.
Michelle is laying her head on the sofa with her face towards mine. She's looking deeply into my eyes to see my reaction to getting fucked by her man. Oh my, he is moving into position and I can feel his hands holding my hips just below my waist. My god, his cock is laying on the crack of my bum. My mouth is open and I can hear myself pant as the head of his manhood searches for my love opening. My eyes open wide as the head finds its mark. A low animal sound comes from deep in my throat as his erection fills me. Sweet mercy, oh my god, that is so fucking raunchy, good. Michelle breaks out into a knowing smile and squeezes my hand in camaraderie as my body starts to shake in the rhythm of Richard's thrusts. I'm on a magic carpet ride of sensuous pleasure as his glorious cock slides in and out.
Richard's viewpoint
What a beautiful sight, the teen's ass-crack gaping open with her little brown asshole in plain sight and my stiff cock sliding in and out of her tight pussy. My dick is shining with her juices. And there is my incredible, sexy Michelle with her bare ass and amazing pussy waiting obediently for her turn with my dick. She's the best. Fuck, it's great to be me.
Bonnie has already had an orgasm and Michelle deserves one. I know she gets totally turned on to be fucked with others watching her. Let me mount her and give her the good fuck she deserves. I pull out of the teen. My cock is rock hard and ready. I move to Michelle and slip into her nice pussy, balls deep. She's so horny her pussy is sopping wet. She likes it hard. I thrust solidly and fast. I give her ass-cheek a loud slap. Sweet, she's moaning like she does when she's going to cum. The girls are staring at each other's face, communicating with their eyes. I'll insert my thumb in Michelle's asshole. She loves that. Ah, she's lifting her head off the sofa and tenses her body. I know what that means.
She screams, "YES BABY, YES BABY, OH FUCK YES, I'M CUMMING. Oh my god, yes, that is so good. Richard, my sweet baby, thank you, AAAHHH, OH BABY, yes.
I know her pussy gets too sensitive after she comes so I back off. Now, it's my turn to cum. I sit on the sofa between the girls. From past experience, Michelle knows I want my cock sucked and immediately leans into my crotch and kisses the head of my cock. She looks over at Bonnie.
"Help me out here Bonnie. Let's give this man some excellent loving."
Bonnie hesitates and then joins Michelle on the floor between my wide-open legs. She bites her lip and stares at Michelle licking the shaft and then slowly moves her lips to the head and kisses it lovingly. My girlfriend dips and licks my ball-sack as the teen's delicate pink tongue come out and twirls around the engorged head. What a fucking horny sight. My brain is filling with a fog of lust.
Michelle directs her, "Suck the head of his cock, Bonnie. Oh yes, just like that."
Her pretty face is so incredible with my cock imbedded in her mouth. Her big eyes look up at me. I smile down at her to indicate she's doing good. Michelle runs her broad tongue from the base of my dick to as close to Bonnie's lips as possible. Then, Michelle presses her face against Bonnie's and she lets Michelle take the head of my cock in her mouth. The pretty teen stares at my girlfriend's sucking with a lusty look on her face. Then she wraps her small hand around the shaft and slides the skin up and down. That revs my lust gauge into the red zone. She keeps on stroking my dick as she bends low and licks my nut-sack. That is too much. Michelle sucking the head of my cock, Bonnie stroking me off and licking my balls tips me over the edge. I'm consumed with a mind-blowing orgasm. My brain is a lust-filled sea of red. I'm screaming animal sounds and random words as I cum in Michelle's hot mouth.
Bonnie's Viewpoint
We clean up and get dressed in a daze. What an amazing evening. I now feel guilty about wanting privacy to have sex with Richard and apologize to Michelle. Our love-making together proved a three-way it is all good. It's late so I have to get home. My parents will be worried. I call an Uber and we kiss and hug at the door with good feelings all around.
Phone call, a few nights later.
"Hi Bonnie, this is Lucy. How are you?"
"I'm fine. How are you and Jake?"
"I'm super, he's super. It was great seeing you at Richard's birthday party. You and I have been talking on the phone since Greg went back to university but it's nice to meet in person."
"Yes, it was great. I've missed you guys."
"I hear that you had a visit with Richard and Michelle."
"Yes, last weekend."
"Bonnie, Jake and I would like to invite you over on Friday for dinner and a good chat. How about that?"
"Sure, that sounds great."
"Wonderful. And Jake was hoping that you would wear your school outfit, you know blouse and skirt."
"Of course, no problem, I'd love to."
"Great, see you on Friday around seven."
"I'm looking forward to it."
"Bye"
"Bye"
Bonnie smiles and pictures Jake, the very handsome Jake. She wonders if he will pop up in her fantasies when she is masturbating over the next few nights.
Bonnie's mother Candice has an adventure.
Candice had a great time on Mr. and Mrs. Whitney's yacht. She hadn't felt that sexy or alive in many years. Going topless in her bikini was so risqué and something she would never have done if it wasn't for the yacht being owned by her husband Bob's boss. Bob would do anything to impress his boss, even show off his attractive wife's impressive breasts. She was thankful that she had been taking yoga lessons and running for the last couple of years to tone up her slim forty-two-year-old body. Earl, the boss was obvious in checking out her breasts. She had to admit it turned her on when he found her attractive and looked at her hungrily. He was a very attractive man.
It was so embarrassing for her when Earl asked her to take some sandwiches up to her daughter Bonnie and his son. Bending down to offer the lunch to the handsome young man with her breasts fully exposed gave her butterflies in her stomach. The way he smiled and thanked her as he stared at her chest made her feel aroused and naughty. She surprised herself when she voluntarily went back to them later to offer to get them a drink. Her nipples were so hard and protruding that time. The next day, she forgave herself when she blamed the hot sun and the too many beers for loosening her morals.
She could never tell Bob about when he went down to the washroom, Earl gave her a friendly hug that turned naughty when he squeezed her bum right in front of his wife, Liz. Candice made light of it at the time, after all it was Bob's boss and all.
She and Bob had the best sex in years that night. They both were voracious, and she had two orgasms for the first time since university.
The next week, Bob and Earl were off on a business trip and Liz invited Candice over for lunch and a dip in their pool. Candice jumped at the chance. It was a hot summer and Liz was such an interesting person. She hoped that this was the beginning of a friendship.
Candice's viewpoint
When I drive up the circular drive, I can't believe how big their mansion is. I know their tech company is doing well, Bob had told her so, but they must be so rich.
Liz greets me at the door. "Come on in girl. Welcome to my home."
"It's amazing Liz, wow."
Liz is wearing a brilliantly colored silk wrap-around sarong that is tied in a knot in the center above her breasts. She looks stunning, like a model.
"Let's go out to the patio and have some lunch before we swim. Bring your beach bag. You can change back there."
We go through the incredible house and out to a patio surrounded by a huge garden with a kidney-shaped pool. Wow, the rich live well.
Liz says, "Let's sit at the table over here. The cook made us some cold gazpacho soup and salads. Let me pour you some of the white chardonnay that's on ice.'
We have small talk and finish the wine. The alcohol gives my body a nice feeling. Liz, says, "Why don't we sit on the lounge chairs and tan for a bit. You need a bit more color on your beautiful skin."
I reach over to my beach bag to get my bikini and see Liz has taken off her sarong and revealed her totally nude body. She sees my shock.
"Oh this," she waves her hands down to her body, "I like to tan in the buff. That way you don't get those ugly tan-lines. Why don't you try it? It's just us girls here. The staff have the day off."
I think about it. At the gym after my yoga class, the women strip and shower. That is all natural. Plus, I was topless around Liz on the yacht. The last thing I want to be around my new friend is being a prude.
I say nervously, "Sure, that's a great idea." I strip off my shorts, blouse and bra. Liz has a cleanly shaven crotch in contrast to my thick, natural bush. I feel very self-conscious as we walk stark naked over to the lounge chairs by the pool. I look around and am relieved that there are no nosey neighbor's houses nearby. That is a real blessing.
We lay on our fronts and I feel the warm sun on my back. It is so relaxing. My bum was very white compared to the bit of tan I got on the yacht. It will be good to even it out. I'll have to explain that to my husband. After a while, Liz says we should turn over. She props the back of the lounge chair up to be sitting semi-upright with her legs out straight. I do the same. The sun is behind clouds which is good to have us tan slowly.
Liz says, "I need a nice cold martini. I'll get you one too."
She walks off and I can't help noticing how nice her ass looks. Not that I'm into women but it's just true. I wish I was as comfortable being nude but my upbringing was too conservative. She comes back with two huge martinis. They must be at least a double and maybe even a triple. By the time I finish it, my body is awash in strong, pleasurable sensations and my thinking a bit muddled. I should take an Uber home for sure. Liz's phone rings.
"Hi. Sure. You're early. Okay, no problem. I'll buzz you in."
Liz turns to me with an evil grin. "Let's have some fun. I have an app on my phone that shows people at my front door. That's the pool boy. Let's give him a show of two sexy naked women and shake up his young, male world."
My hand goes to my mouth in shock and I say, "I don't know." I reach for a beach towel to cover myself.
"Don't worry. He doesn't know who you are. It's just harmless fun. I dare you."
I seem frozen as I hear him coming through the house and over to the tool shed where he gets out a long pole with a brush on the end. He hasn't looked our way. A tall well-built young man around twenty, less than half my age, he has long blonde hair and is wearing shorts and a muscle t-shirt. Quite a hunk and my guess is Liz hired him.
Liz says in a low voice, "Isn't he beautiful? Just wait until he sees your pubic hair. I'll bet his girlfriends all shave their pussies." She gives an evil chuckle.
I cringe when I think of him seeing my natural hair down there. I say, "Liz, you are such a devil." It's true though, I'm anonymous to this young man. I say truthfully, "Yes, very handsome." My body is tingling in a sexy way as I watch him work. He still hasn't looked over at us. My knees are locked together, and it takes all my will power not to pull a towel over my bare breasts and especially my bush. Liz is such a naughty, adventuresome lady. I don't want to look like a boring prude to Liz and it is very exciting to expose myself to this hunk. The wine and the martini is making me bold. Oh, he's looking over at us and instantly turns away like he's done something wrong.
Liz says, "Too bad, he's too nice to stare. Hey, watch this." In a loud voice, she calls to him, "Hey Jimmy come over here." I cringe. Oh, my sainted aunt, as my mother used to say. He's dropped his pool cleaning equipment and is walking over obediently with a shy look on his cute face as he tries to not stare at our bodies.
He looks Liz in her eyes. "Yes, ma'am?"
Liz says in a calm voice like nothing is happening, "I just wanted to ask you how college is going. Do you like your courses and the teachers?"
I look him over. He is extremely well built. His muscle shirt shows off his strong biceps. His jean shorts are tight around his cute butt and he has a big bulging package that the girls must love.
"College is good. I'm taking some basic sciences and hope to get into engineering next year. The teachers are much better than the high school ones."
Liz spreads her knees and continues, "Are you in any sports?" His eyes widen as he looks at her crotch and then quickly back to her face.
"No, I just work out at the gym and swim laps at the college pool." He steals another peak at Liz's body and when she smiles, he looks up and down more boldly.
She gives him a big sexy smile and says, "I can see that you are very fit. Good for you." A proud smile breaks out on his cute face. "Let me introduce you to my friend, Candice. Candice, this is Jimmy."
He looks over at me and I give a nervous smile. "Hi Jimmy, nice to meet you." I can see his eyes are drilled into my hairy crotch. Exposing myself to this handsome young man is so erotic. My pussy is starting to throb. I reach up a hand to shake his and part my knees as I do so. I can't believe I'm doing this. My heart is pounding a mile a minute. His eyes open wider as he sees my sex and bends to shake my hand. A surge of adrenaline runs through me as I bare myself to his young eyes. I can hardly breathe.
"Nice to meet you ma'am." There is a tent in the front of his shorts now and a guilty look on his face. His Adam's apple goes up and down as he gulps and says, "I'd better finish the pool. Nice talking with you ladies."
He walks back to his pool cleaning equipment by the pool. What a nice butt. My heart slows and I take a deep breath to calm myself.
When he is out of earshot, Liz says, "Wasn't that fun. Holy shit. Did you see how he stared at your beaver and got a big boner. Bet he hasn't seen a natural pussy in his life. That boy is going to be jerking off to the memory of your pubes for a month. Haha."
I chuckle and say, "Oh Liz, you are so naughty. You loved teasing that young man. But yes, it was great fun. He is quite the hunk and I'm sure he's seen a lot of girls bodies."
"True, but they all shave their pubes. I'd bet we are the first horny mature women he's seen naked."
We lay back and watch him work. He takes off his t-shirt. His pecs and abbs are ripped. It's a woman's pleasure watching him work.
Liz's mind is still going. She says, "How would you like me to ask him to put suntan lotion on us?"
I plead, "Please no Liz, I'd die. Please no."
"Okay, but I've got a dare for you."
"What kind of dare?"
"I dare you to go and ask Jimmy if he wants a cold drink. Then get it for him, all in the buff."
My mind reels at the possibility. That would be so unlike me. But Liz and the alcohol are making me feel bold with her audacious way of being. I did turn down her lotion idea.
I laugh and say firmly, "I'll take that dare." She laughs in glee. Now, I'm up and walking towards the boy. A sudden bout of shyness hits me as he turns and looks me up and down. I gulp and say meekly, "I thought you might want a cold drink. Would you?"
"Thanks, that would be great." His eyes drill into my chest and I can feel my nipples harden. I can smell the musky sweat and see the droplets on his tanned ripped chest.
"What would you like, a beer, a soft drink, ice water?
"Just a glass of ice water would be super."
"Okay, coming right up." I turn and walk to the house knowing that he is watching my bare bum as I go. My god, I feel so sexy. The kitchen is easy to find. I lean on the counter to still my beating heart and calm my growing lust. I feel down to my crotch and find my vagina is gushing wet. Through the window I see Liz is up and standing beside the boy in an animated conversation. What a fox. I run my palm over my crotch and sigh at the intense pleasure that gives me. The odor of my love juices fill the air and I take a paper towel and wipe my crotch. I fill a glass with some ice from the dispenser and then with water. With a deep breath, I walk back out. He breaks into a big shit-ass grin as I approach. He's getting more comfortable with our nudity. He takes the glass, closes his eyes and drinks. My eyes roam over his chest and six-pack with the sheen of sweat highlighting his smooth, perfect young skin. He smiles and gives me the empty glass.
"Thanks, that was so kind of you, ma'am."
What a young gentleman. I can almost eat him up. Taking the glass, I walk back over and join Liz on the lounge chairs. When Jimmy finishes, he comes over to say goodbye and takes a good look again at our bodies. He has figured out the game.
Liz says, "I have your money for the work in my purse in the house. Let's go and I'll give it to you."
He says, "No need. You husband normally eTransfers my pay to my bank."
"No, I insist. I have the cash today."
I watch her lead him to the patio door and then in. I roll onto my stomach to tan my back. Liz is taking forever. After at least a half hour she comes back out with a smile like the cat that ate the bird. My god, I think, of course, she fucked that young guy.
I shout, "You didn't!"
She replies, "Well actually, I did. I was so bloody horny, I couldn't stop myself."
"Wow, you are incredible. Does your husband know you do this?"
"We have a great sex life. We have an open marriage but usually we swap with other couples. My libido is so strong. Earl loves sex too and we both like the variety of swapping with attractive couples. He asked me to talked to you about you and your husband getting together with us. He thinks you are very attractive."
My mind reels at what she just said. "I appreciate the compliment, but I don't see how that can happen. My husband is very conservative, and I can't see him agreeing to it."
"Candice, you would be surprised. When a wife is the one to start the conversation, the man will usually agree. They all want some new pussy. It's in their male testosterone-filled instincts. Plus, you will find your sex life at home will be much better afterwards."
"I don't know."
"I tell you, my Earl is a great fuck. I could see how you opened up your sexy side to the new experience with the pool boy. That was exciting, right?"
"It sure was, you naughty girl. But I don't know if I could have sex with another man with Bob watching. He's jealous. Plus, I think I'd be jealous if I saw him with you. You are quite a fox."
"No problem, we all go into private rooms and have a sexy one-on-one, hot lovemaking session. Think about it. Bounce the idea off Bob. Call me and if you guys are up for it, we can make it happen."
On week later Liz gets a call.
"Hi Liz, this is Candace. I couldn't believe it, but Bob says he would like to try a swapping session. It blew my mind. Maybe, him and your husband Earl were talking. This is something I never thought I could do and it makes me very nervous. I trust you and like you said, that it will help Bob's and my sex life better. After twenty years together, our sex-life has gotten pretty stale.
Candace lights up and says, "That's great news. Why don't we get together this Saturday?"
"Okay, sure. What should I wear? Help me out here."
"I like to wear a sexy party dress. Something that shows some cleavage. Men love that."
"I'll have to buy something. I just have boring stuff."
"Let me go shopping with you. That will be great fun, especially picking out the bra and panty set."
"Super. How about Tuesday evening? And how does a swapping evening go? I don't want to be a klutz. Fill me in."
"Well, normally folks make out together in the living room before going into separate bedrooms. That's best when you first start into the lifestyle because people can get jealous when they see their partner having sex. I'll take your husband into a bedroom first, so he doesn't get hung up watching you go into a bedroom with Earl. Once I get him into a room, he won't be thinking about you, believe me. After, I like to have a skinny dip."
I get a twinge of worry when I hear all that. She is so carefree, and I feel so uptight. Hopefully, Bob and I will both be able to navigate our feelings and have a positive experience.
Saturday
We hold hands silently as we drive over to the Whitney's, deep in thought and nervous. It was fun getting dressed up and Bob was so sweet, complimenting me on the new dress. The big white mansion is lit up in the night as we park in the circular drive. I'm surprised when Liz and Earl open the door before we press the buzzer. Then I remember Liz's front door app on her phone.
Liz shouts out a friendly, "Come on in guys. Welcome, welcome, welcome."
Earl says in a deep manly voice, "Hi Bob. Hi Candace. Great to see you." We give New York air kisses all around and step into their perfect home. As Earl touches my arm and leans in for the greeting, I feel his strong male presence and smell musky cologne. Butterflies buzz in my stomach. Earl continues, "Let's go out into the garden and have a few drinks and chat."
Bob says, "Great idea. Lead the way."
Liz takes Earl's arm and we walk out to their magnificent patio and garden that is lit beautifully in the night. Earl makes us all a dry martini. After those, Liz and I have a white wine and the men a red. We stand together and chat about how we loved our yachting day and other small talk. Earl keeps filling my wine glass and I'm soon giggling like a schoolgirl at the simplest joke. It is all so casual.
Liz turns to my husband and says, "Why don't I show you the garden, Bob?"
He has a sudden nervous look and replies, "Yes, sure." Oh my god, it's starting to happen, the sexy stuff.
She leads him away and the butterflies in my stomach start churning again as I stand beside Earl's large male presence. Sweet Mary, this is happening. Earl looks down at me and confidently says, "I'm so glad you decided to come over tonight. I think you are very attractive. Seeing you in your bikini was very desirable."
I blush and feel so small and feminine beside him. His eyes are so intense. I look down and say, "Thanks."
He takes my wineglass, puts it on the table with his and turns to me, hugging me to his body. I look guiltily down at the end of the garden and with relief, see Liz and Bob go into the gazebo and sit facing away from us. Good, Bob won't see us. I place my palms on Earl's strong chest. His shirt has several buttons open and I can see some dark hair. I get a surge of adrenaline thinking he has a hairy body. That is one of my secret turn-ons and Bob has very little. I lean my head meekly on his chest as his hands travel down my back to my bum. I hear a deep, animal growl in his throat above me. I bite my lip as he takes control and massages my bottom deeply.
He says, "I love the feel of a beautiful woman's ass."
His hands feel so good and I'm at a loss as to what to do. Finally, I just raise my lips and kiss his neck in complete surrender.
He grunts as says, "I'm going to so enjoy fucking your tight pussy."
His dirty talk is so unexpected from a gentleman and they unlock the naughty thoughts in my brain that have been repressed. I open a shirt button and kiss his hair-covered chest thinking that this says to him I'm going to enjoy the sex too. I wait for his direction. He takes my hand and we go into the house and through to sit on a long sofa in the dimly lit living room.
My heart is pounding as he pulls me to his body. I whisper nervously, "Oh Earl, I'm sorry but I'm new at this. I've only been with Bob."
He says, "Don't worry. You will do fine. Just do what I say. Okay?"
"Okay." I feel like a virgin on a first date, not knowing how things will go but committed to the ending.
He smiles proudly and says, "Now, Candace, give me a big kiss."
Our lips meet and his tongue searches for mine. He pulls me strongly to his body and my breasts mash against his chest. I put my hands behind his head, offering my body up to his hands. He grabs my ass over my dress with a deep squeeze and then quickly reaches under the hem and up to my panty-covered bum. My knees clinch together instinctively to a strange man's groping. I moan like a tart to his intimate touch and my legs and knees soon relax. I hear the zipper in the back of my dress being pulled down and the cool air on my back as it parts.
Our lips part and Earl looks down at the front of my dress that is now loosened, showing my lacy, new bra. He dips his hand inside one cup and pulls out my breast, instantly diving his head to wrap his lips around my nipple. My loud moan bounces off the walls. Oh fuck, that is so fucking good. His hand goes under my dress again. He pushes the inside of my knee and womanly instinct spreads my legs wide to surrender my sex to his touch. His palm covers the crotch of my panties and my pussy is instantly fully awake. He lifts his head and looks down at my disarray with my breast exposed lewdly and his hand high under my dress.
"Take off your panties and hike up your skirt, Candice. I want to see that nice beaver Liz told me about.
I obediently reach down with both hands, lift my bottom off the sofa and peel my panties down as he looks on with a confident grin on his handsome face. I pull the skirt of my dress over my stomach exposing everything below to his hungry eyes. Without him asking, I open the clasp of my bra between the cups to expose both my breasts. I feel like such a slut and strangely that feels freeing. I hide my head under his chin and hear the animal sounds from his throat as he surveys me. I feel his hand on my thigh. My legs spring open.
"Good love, spread your legs and open your pussy to my touch. Ahhh, you are so wet. The naughty lady is very turned on. I like it. Oh yes, I love running my fingers through your thick pubic hair. Don't ever shave it. It's incredible."
His fingers exploring my sex are crazy-making. I kiss his neck as his expert stroking fuels my rising lust.
Suddenly I hear voices coming our way. It's Liz's voice saying, "Let's go into the living room for a bit." In a panic reaction I push down my skirt and lift up my dress top to cover my breasts. I see Liz is nude and Bob, fully dressed, is obediently following her. He looks over at me with a blank look. Liz says gleefully, "Don't mind us. Bob and I are having great fun. Aren't we Bob?" He looks guiltily towards me and sits down with Liz instantly all over him taking his attention.
Earl lifts my chin, looks me in the eye and says, "Forget about them. Let's do our thing." The alcohol and my lust overcome my modesty. He kisses my lips and I put my hands behind his head again. That makes the top of my dress fall, exposing my breasts. His kiss is so wonderful and his hand cups my breast so beautifully. I soon regret taking his hand from my pussy as my lust rises again and it begs to be touched. I unbutton his shirt and run my hand over his hair-covered pecs. He pulls my head down so my lips are on his nipple and I suck it.
He says loudly, "That's right Candice suck on my nipple. Yes just like that." I cringe knowing Bob could hear that but roll my tongue around the little bud. His hand goes to my bum as I lean to his chest. Oh god, he's pulling up my dress, showing my nakedness.
With the little modesty I have left, I whisper in Earl's ear, "Let's go to your bedroom."
"Soon dear soon."
He takes my hand and places it on the bulge in is pants. Jesus, it's so thick and long. I look over at the other sofa where Liz is pulling off Bob's pants as he looks over at Earl and I. She strips his underwear off, making him totally nude, sits beside him, holds his ball-sack and kisses him. Bob responds by cupping her breasts as his penis becomes erect. My attention is back on Earl's crotch as his erection stirs in my hand in reaction to the erotic scene.
He says, "Unzip me and take it out."
I pull the zipper down and reach inside. There is no underwear and I pull out his impressive manhood and wrap my hand around the thick shaft. I feel him pushing my dress top down to my waist. Oh wow, he's pushing it down over my bum and down my legs. I'll be totally nude. How will Bob take this?
I whisper, "Let's go to your bedroom Earl, please."
"I hear you Candice, soon, very soon."
The dress is now off, and Earl pulls me up to sit beside him. He takes off his shirt and pants and we are all nude. I hear slurping sound from across the way and look over to see Liz licking Bob's ball-sack. He has a lust filled face as he looks over at us. Earl puts my hand back on his cock and I grasp the shaft and instinctively stroke as Bob breaks into a lusty smile. My god, he's getting turned on by me jerking Earl's big cock.
Earl runs his hand down to my throbbing pussy. He says loudly for all to hear, "I love the feel of your hairy pussy, Canace. Yes, stroke my cock just like that. I want it nice and hard before I fuck your sweet pussy."
This sends my lust meter into the red zone. No more holding back. I look over at Bob. Liz has mounted him and is twerking her hips on his cock as he sits looking over her should at Earl and I. Earl's fingers run up and down my wet, super sensitive slit as my hips instinctively hump his hand. My fucking god, I'm so fucking horny. He goes to the floor on his knees between mine and pulls my bottom physically towards his big erection. Holy shit, he's going to fuck me right here. My feet are high in the air and he pulls my bottom strongly over the edge and my hungry pussy closer to his manhood. Fuck, I need this so badly. He runs the head of his hard cock up and down my slit smiling down at me. My mind is on fire. I need his cock. He just smiles and slides his precious dick up and down. Fuck, when he touched my clit I almost blacked out.
I whisper frantically up at him, "Please."
The conceited bastard puts his hand up to his ear like he couldn't hear me. Oh fuck, he wants Bob to hear me beg. Shit, the tip of his thumb is twirling around my clit. My pussy is on fire. I need that big cock. Oh, fuck it.
I scream shamelessly, for all to hear, "Please Earl, fuck me. Yes, do me."
His cock plunges deep and I'm filled. Sweet mercy. I moan loudly and cry for more as he thrusts into me, our hips banging deliciously together. I grab his hairy ass and urge him on like a total slut. He grabs my breasts roughly and that takes me to an even higher level of lust. My whimpers mix with his animal grunts as he pounds into me with total abandon. I feel a giant orgasm coming dangerously towards me like a deadly tsunami wave. Oh, sweet Mary, I'll die. Oh shit. My brain explodes in a cloud of white light and I hear my swear words and half-words bounce of the walls like they are far away. I am gasping for breath and holding the man's ass with all my strength to keep him lodged deep in my pulsating pussy. Waves of pure pleasure wash over me as I slowly return to the living. Holy fuck, that was amazing, fucking truly amazing. I giggle like a schoolgirl as my heavy breathing comes down and my heart beat slows.
Earl's Viewpoint
Whew, she had a great orgasm. I love the way she's looking up at me in a lovestruck manner. I know that submissive horny look. Candice loves the sex like my other lovers. For sure, she will be my mistress and we will have lot's of raunchy sex. Now I need to come in her hot mouth.
I rise from my knees and sit on the sofa. "Candice, go down on your knees and suck my cock." She instantly obeys. What a find. What a woman.
Over on the other sofa, Liz says, "Excuse me Bob." And comes over and kneels beside Candace with her eyes locked on my stiff cock. I love my sexy wife.
What a sight, two beautiful naked women dipping their perfect lips to my crotch. I slouch my ass down on the sofa so my balls hand down for their tongues to conveniently reach everywhere. Good, Candace takes the lead and licks the shaft from my balls to the underside of the head. Liz, cups my sack and watches her new friend's technique. Holy shit, Bob is jerking off as he watches his submissive wife sucking my dick. Let's give him a good show. I stroke the soft hair of both women as they pleasure me with smiling, eager faces looking up at me for approval.
"Candace, keep sucking the head of my cock, just like that. Oh yes, that feels great."
Liz is licking my ball-sack and that is revving my lust too much. I lift her chin and from experience she starts kissing the inside of my thigh to slow down my lust. Candace bobs her head up and down making the head nudge the back of her throat. My balls bump on her chin.
"That's right Candace, suck my cock deep in your hot mouth." I hear an animal groan from Bob after I say that. He's jerking his dick and staring wide-eyed at his naked wife kneeling submissively before me.
Fuck, I need to cum in this woman's mouth. I reach down and grab the shaft of my cock and stroke it slowly. My fist bumps lightly against Candace's lips. She looks up at me with the sure knowledge that a mouthful of cum is soon on its way.
"Candace just keep sucking the head of my cock and I'll cum in your sweet mouth."
Lovely, Liz has pulled Candace's long blonde hair back to show me everything. What a beautiful sight. Candace's pretty face looks so much better with my cock buried in her mouth. I pick up the pace of my stroking. Oh shit. Liz is licking my balls. She knows how that ...
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhh, OOOOOHHH FUCK. YES, YES." I grunt and babble, out of my frigging mind. Holy shit, what a fucking orgasm. I see Liz holding Candace's head down on my cock and Candace struggling to swallow my load. Orgasm after-shocks make my body jerk. Bob's fist on his dick is covered in white cum and his head is laid back on the opposite sofa with closed eyes and a satisfied look on his face. Candace lifts her head from my cock and cum drips down her chin. Liz leans over and licks my cock clean. What a wife. And this Candice is perfect. Pure joy runs through me. I know she will give me her cell number for hot booty calls.
"Thanks ladies. You are truly amazing. Why don't we jump in the pool for a fun skinny dip?"
Life is good.