Basic training in the military is a bitch until you get used to it. After that it gets to be routine. Routine if you think being in an open bay barracks with 20 other horny guys is desirable. However, bless the military they don't give you much time to think about sex and you are too tired in the evening to do anything about it usually. That could be a good thing but the whiteout can begin to build very quickly. You ask "what is whiteout"? Well, that is when a man's sperm count gets above his eyeballs and believe me there were plenty of recruits suffering from this condition. I'm not sure how females handle this but I was soon to learn that they suffer the same symptoms as I did. I'm just kidding about the whiteout but I think you get my drift.
Of course there are females in basic training too, but their training is on the other side of the base, which is smart if you ask me or you know what could happen. Our unit was top notch and about half way through our training we received word that we were going to get rewarded for being the top unit in basic training. We soon came to find out we would get to go see a pro basketball game in a major city that was close by and get the whole day off. We also learned that a female unit had earned the same distinction and would be going also. We were excited but to our amazement when we marched down to load up on the bus, the female recruits were loading up on the same bus ahead of us. I made up my mind right then and there I was going to sit next to the prettiest female recruit I could find.
When we loaded up there were several empty seats besides the females I noticed. About half-way down the bus aisle I noticed a female recruit sitting by herself. She had auburn colored hair and these cute freckles on her face. I wouldn't say she was the prettiest girl on the bus but she had a beautiful smile that invited me to sit with her. I asked her would she mind me sitting with her and she replied "sure". We immediately struck up a conversation and it was like we had known each other for quite some time. Her name was Anna and she was from the southwest.
Soon we felt comfortable with each other and were laughing and sharing basic training stories. The bus ride was about two hours long and not soon after the trip had begun I noticed we were sitting very close to each other and our legs were pressed up against each other Not too long afterwards she started moving her legs and rubbing them against mine. It was nothing major but subtle. Her hand had also moved and was very close to mine. Finally I took her hand and kissed it and she flashed that beautiful smile of hers. It was daylight still and of course there was supervision everywhere so we had to be careful. We were still talking but we began to nuzzle each other and I stole a few quick kisses. You can imagine the effect it had on me and soon I had a tremendous hard on that showed through my military issue khaki dress pants.
The intimacy grew between us and I knew she had noticed my condition. She didn't seem to mind at all. Eventually after I had stolen a few kisses I began to caress her very perky breasts. I finally took her hand and placed it on my hardened cock through my slacks. She let out a small gasp and her face flushed and I thought at first she was going to slap me or something but she just smiled and started rubbing my swollen shaft which was throbbing by now. There was a nice spot on the front of my khakis from a rather large pre-cum leak. She giggled and rubbed the spot. I decided since it was daylight that we were going to get into trouble so for the rest of the trip we sneaked kisses and petted each other very discreetly but nothing else. Coming back to the base after the game would be a different story however.
Once we got to the coliseum where the game was to be played I was disappointed to find out that the males and females would be separated again. I was still hopeful to see Anna again however. After we had been seated I told a buddy of mine I was going to get a beer. He thought I was crazy as we had been warned not to drink alcohol. I told him I wanted one and I would take the risk of being caught. I asked him if he wanted one. He said yes. I went to the bathroom first and then the beer stand. I was nervous as a cat in a room full of rocking chairs I would get caught but I was going to have that beer. It was worth a month of kitchen patrol duty to me. I bought two beers and had them put into plastic cups and went back to sit down. I handed my friend his beer and that was the best beer I have ever had in my life. It was a great game and eventually I went back to get two more beers. While I was at the stand a group of three female recruits came up to me, said hello, and then handed me a note.. They said it was from Anna and they walked away giggling. I opened the note and she had written that she would be saving me a seat on the bus on the return trip. There was also an excellent rendition of a woman with her legs spread open wide. I put the note away and returned to my seat once again and needless to say with a hard on and yet another spot on my pants.
After the game we loaded up and I found Anna thanks to the lights being on inside the bus as it was dark. She smiled at me as I sat down beside her and we immediately resumed talking. To our dismay one of the supervisors sat down right in front of us. That would make what we had in mind more susceptible to being caught. However, our lust evidently had grown so much that we were ready to charge hell with a bucket of ice water to get some sort of relief. Anna was in the same mood definitely cause as soon as the lights went off and we were headed home, we resumed what we had been doing earlier on the trip over. She whispered in my ear "I have two surprises for you". I asked what they were and the first thing she did was to take my hand and place in it something soft and silky. Wow, it was her panties. I'm glad she couldn't see my face cause I was probably in shock. Evidently she had gotten very wet on the trip over and soaked her panties through and through and had taken them off. They smelled exquisite. Nothing like the smell of an aroused woman. She then old me I'd get my second gift on the way home.
Not soon afterwards we were making out with our hands all over each other. It wasn't long before she was stroking my hard cock through my pants and was fumbling with my belt. At the same time I was stroking her legs and she was beginning to spread her legs and make quiet moaning sounds. I shushed her and pointed to the instructor sitting in front of us.. She smiled and then moved my hand onto her soaking wet pussy. I slowly rubbed her swollen clit and she started to grind on my hand. I slipped a couple of fingers into her and after only a couple of strokes she immediately had an orgasm which lasted for ever it seemed. Although I stopped sliding my fingers in and out she kept moving her hips in the throes of her spasms. So I slipped another finger into her which made three into her and she resumed slowly fucking them and soon had another huge orgasm.. While she was cumming she was stretching out her legs and I was afraid at any moment the instructor would turn around and catch us. I almost had to put my hand over her mouth also at the small sounds of pleasure she was making. I helped her have at least two more orgasms within about 5 minutes and then she sighed and relaxed seeming to be momentarily satisfied. I took my hand out from her wetness and I smelled and tasted Anna. I sure could have used a session with my head between those legs lapping up all that delicious juice she was giving me but there wasn't enough room as I am fairly tall.
After she finished her last climax she finally freed up my hard cock. Just that act alone almost made me cum as I had been needing to all day long. She didn't waste any time and soon was able to put my swollen, throbbing cock into her mouth. She slowly sank her head and had my entire cock covered with her soft lips and mouth. The pleasure was indescribable and it was a wonder I didn't moan out loud. Then she started sliding up and down my shaft but she seemed to know when I was about to explode and she would stop. I was begging in my mind and body for release as my hips were trying to get my cock back into her mouth. The next time she slid her mouth onto my cock I quickly had the explosion that had been building all day . She swallowed most of it but quite a bit ended up on her blouse. I've never had an orgasm that intense and probably never will again. For a few minutes I was totally spent probably from being afraid of being caught as well as the difficulty of sex on a bus.
We relaxed and cuddled for about thirty minutes then she guided my hand back down her thigh and placed my finger into her heavily swollen pussy and clit. She took my cock out and started stroking it.. I fingered her until she had another massive orgasm and I also came again. Before I came she took my cock into her mouth and swallowed all of my sticky white cum. She told me she wanted my essence inside her as a reminder of our day of pleasure.
As we got off the bus Anna handed me another piece of paper with her name and unit number on it but I never saw her again. After basic training we went our separate ways. When I think of her I just smile because I know some guy is very lucky to have her. She certainly made my day that one time in basic training. All in all I guess sex on a bus is better than no sex at all.