At the end of another long day, I writhed trying to fall asleep, legs pressed together to contain the slick wetness. I dared not touch myself, as it was already late and I had work in the morning. Instead I squeezed my thighs, trying desperately to gain any amount of sweet friction to relieve the throbbing. However, no matter how much I contorted and willed the friction, it wasn't enough. I balled my fists into the sheets, commanding myself not to touch. On any normal night, I'd have grabbed my vibrator and gotten the job done.
But I didn't have time for that, I had yet again stayed up way past my bedtime and knew that the next day already was going to be a struggle. So I gripped hard on my sheets, thighs sticky and glistening now. I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to calm my breathing. I wished you were there so god damn much. I wanted you desperately. I wanted your fingers sliding in and out of me as you bit on my nipples. I wanted your sharp slaps and sweet kisses. But I knew these thoughts wouldn't help me sleep, and would only make it worse... I tossed and turned, eventually drifting off into a fitful sleep where I had the most erotic dream about you...
--
Out of the blue I received a message from you. Smiling to myself as I opened it, I expected a witty quip or a flirtatious line. However, what I got was so much better. You'd sent me a video of you slowly taking off your clothes, finishing with a smirk at the camera. It was hot and unexpected, and I fucking loved it. My body reacted instantly, face flushing and heart racing. I couldn't help myself from replaying it once more, watching you slowly reveal your body for me. I knew I had to get to you as quickly as possible. I sent back a response and saw you read it with no answer. I waited another minute before realizing that was on purpose. You tease. The video's background gave away where you were so I rushed over, hoping not to miss another minute of seeing your naked body. My anticipation grew on the way there, awaiting what you had in store for me. I walked as fast as I could, bordering on a run to make it to you as soon as possible.
I let myself in and found you laid back on the bed, waiting, one hand propped behind your head and the other unhurriedly running your hand along your cock as you watched the door. "Thought you'd be here sooner," you said with a smirk. I was momentarily too stunned to respond with more than an open mouth. I slowly approached you on the bed, my eyes watching your hand slip up and down, teasing yourself. I climbed in next to you, unable to pry my eyes away from your hand on your hard cock. You released it to pull me in, and all of a sudden our lips were entangled and your hand was in my hair, tugging and teasing as we deepened the kiss. As we kissed, I felt you pressing into me, reminding me of how turned on you were, teasing me even more.
I reached for you but you nudged my hand away, returning your own to your cock and beginning to stroke again with a bit more grip than before. We kept kissing and my body started to respond as it always does. I felt myself getting wet between my thighs, craving your touch. My breathing sped up to match yours, my nipples were hard under my top and my pussy was throbbing. I reached for you again. "No" you said firmly. "You're just here to watch me." I thought you were being playful, so I reached out once again. You held me tightly at arms' length from you for a brief moment. "Was I not clear just now? You're here to watch," you reiterated with a devilish grin.
"No, that's not fair! You wouldn't do that to me. I haven't done anything wrong! I don't deserve this" I started to pout and protest when you gave me that look, and I knew you were serious. Although I should have been disappointed, I was turned on even more. As we continued kissing, I felt you speed up your hand movements, your breathing growing more intense.
Eventually you pushed me gently back on the bed as you settled in to your rhythm. I couldn't pry my eyes away--I was captivated. I loved watching you get lost in your own pleasure, seeing which movements triggered delicious sounds and sensuous faces. It felt intimate witnessing your indulgence, seeing you succumb to the pleasure as raw emotion played on your face. I grew more and more desperate as you touched yourself, wishing it were my hands on your thick cock gripping and squeezing. I reached for my zipper to seek relief from the throbbing. "If I have to repeat myself again, you're not going to be able to sit down for a week. And you won't enjoy it," you said in a low tone. "You're here to watch me come for you."
Much like when I was trying to sleep, I balled my fists to keep myself from touching. I watched hungrily as you brought yourself closer to the edge. Every sound you made sent an electric shock down into my core. I was consumed as your breathing quickened, muscles flexing while moving your hand faster and faster as your grip tightened and twisted around your cock. My breathing kept pace with yours and my pussy clenched hard as you lifted your hips off the bed, so close to climax I could see you fighting it. I was watching your face with rapt attention, my own face flushing when you opened your eyes and caught my stare. I swear I let out a soft moan when you finally came, collapsing back onto the bed, spent. It took me a minute to regain my composure. I was wet with a racing heart and crimson cheeks. "That was so fucking hot," I panted out in a whisper.
When you collected yourself, you opened your eyes with a smug grin and deviously pointed down to the mess you'd made on your stomach. "That's for you," you said as I moved to lick you clean, feeling a damp spot in my pants as I crawled across the bed, heart pounding. With one more kiss, you said, "it's your turn next. I can't wait to watch. Now go. I'll see you later." As I turned to go, I took one more look over your body, relaxed in bed, your eyes watching me. I wondered when it would be my turn, the thought turning me on as I walked away...
--
When I finally awoke, the recollection of the dream hit me all at once. I closed my eyes again, the desperation and restlessness from the night before coming over me in waves once more. In my drowsy state, I had half a thought to reach for my phone, convinced that part of the dream had happened in real life. Despite the fact that I had work to get to, I knew I wouldn't be able to focus as turned on as I was. So I put my phone back down and allowed myself to sink back into the dream, my hand tracing down my body until I was gently teasing at my pussy, imagining. However, as I fell back into the fantasy, I decided to imagine it a little differently...
--
...I slowly approached you on the bed, my eyes watching your hand glide up and down, teasing yourself. I climbed in next to you, unable to pry my eyes away from your hand on your hard cock. You released it to pull me in, and all of a sudden our lips were entangled and your hand was in my hair, tugging and teasing as we deepened the kiss. I reached for you but you nudged my hand away, returning your own to your cock and beginning to stroke with a bit more grip than before. I reached for you again, and this time you gave me a heated look. I took that as liberty to play so I reached a bit further until you caught both my wrists in your hand and held them above my head, far away from your body.
With my wrists still locked in your grip, you commanded, "Take off your clothes. I want to see you and your body react." You finally released my wrists and I slowly got rid of my shirt as you propped yourself up a bit higher with one hand. During my little striptease, your other hand began to grip your cock more firmly. Your eyes watched every one of my deliberately slow movements, your hand staying solidly in contact with your hard length. I removed my bra, teasing you as I took it off slowly for which I got a soft moan in return.
"Always such a teasing slut. But I bet you want to come as badly as I do," you challenged.
"I might, wouldn't you like to know?" I replied coyly.
"You think I don't already know? I'm sure you're so wet for me right now, you can't wait to touch yourself," you asserted in amusement.
As I stepped out of my pants, I turned around to give you a view of my ass as I removed my underwear. I know you like that view, even more so when I'm dripping for you. I climbed back into bed opposite you, mimicking your position with one hand propped behind my head and the other trailing languidly down my body.
I splayed my legs wide revealing slick pink flesh. "Fuck," you shook your head as you spoke, still pumping with your hand. "You look so good like that." Your burning gaze lowered from my eyes as I began tracing my hand over my slit. While I started slowly and teasingly at first, soon I sped up to mimic your rhythm. My eyes moved from your hand tugging on your cock to your expressive face, watching flickers of pleasure come across it as you stroked yourself. Every so often we'd catch eyes for a moment, and you'd transfer pure heat into my body from your gaze.
"Ohhhh my god," I let out in a breathless voice. "I'm so wet right now."
"Good," you ground out.
As both of our breaths quickened, my hand began moving more desperately, eager to reach my release. I had two fingers pressed on my clit, frantically moving my hand back and forth to reach the edge. I watched your hand move, body straining against your pleasure as I sought mine. As the familiar movements and pressure became more intense, I felt myself getting nearer to the edge. "I'm so close, I don't think I'll be able to stop it," I whined, trying to slow down my hands a bit.
"You're going to wait until I tell you, so you better hold it. And you better not stop what you're doing. Try hard," you decided with a look of amusement.
Despite my fast-approaching release, I kept direct pressure on my clit and went faster and harder until I was right up against the precipice. You were watching me bring myself closer and closer. "I can't hold it back. Please please please," I begged desperately, throwing a pleading look in your direction to convey my anguish. "Ohhhh I can't, pleaaaseee. Please let me come!"
"That's it. Good girl. Come for me. Now." You encouraged, never taking your eyes off me as the release began to overtake me.
Your permission and a few more seconds was all it took. "Oh fuck, oh fuck" I gasped out. "Mmmm! I'm coming!" I moaned as the orgasm overtook me, pussy pulsating as I pushed myself over the edge with my wet fingers.
You continued to watch attentively, looking me up and down as you kept your fast pace on your cock. "Lay down and be a good girl," you demanded. "I'm going to come all over your chest". I did as told as you moved closer to me, your hand gripping and gliding wildly around your cock, pleasure rising within you. I watched you come, your eyes squeezed shut and mouth open, watching the spurts of hot cum hit my chest. After a few deep breaths, we slowly regained composure, both of us panting and gasping, your cum all over me and slowly dripping down my body. "That was hot as fuck," you said as I tiredly nodded in agreement, sated, barely able to move, exhausted. "Let's go shower, it looks like you need it, somehow you're a mess..."
--
I finally opened my eyes, chest heaving and falling as aftershocks of my orgasm continued to hit me. My face was slightly sweaty and my heart was pounding against my chest. There was a wet spot beneath me, and the scent of arousal lingered. I took deep breaths to try to calm my senses, and rubbed my hand gently over my pussy to soothe it. I knew that I had to get up for work, but I needed more time to collect myself after the intensity of the orgasm. When I could delay no longer, I forced myself out of bed to clean myself up, hesitant to let the magic of the fantasy escape me. As I begrudgingly rose from bed, I made sure to send you a message first...
"Baby, I had the sexiest dream about you last night..."