Another original Peterswiftt tale of erotic mystery, voyeurism and the sexual prowess and intrigue of a strong sexual predator who observes the women that call upon him to pleasure their own bodies during his methodical sexually charged and intensely detailed direction. The only thing that he asks in return is their total compliance to his every request as he watches them in the soft morning glow of their own bedrooms.
And so our story begins:
It was three a.m. when she woke from that sensual dream, the dream that created the need that was now far beyond her control and instantly she prompted her cell phone: "Hey Siri, call 'The Man in the Dark' on Face Time."
She is mature lady of means, always keeping her home and especially the bedroom she is now in all tidy neat and clean, with the one exception of course of the desk top holder she had mounted her device in all clumsily duct taped to some books atop her dressing table to perfectly frame her bed for him.
Within seconds she heard Siri's female sounding response from that point in the dim light of her room: "Calling the Man in the Dark ... Face Time."
She prayed that he was available to take that call, but more than that she prayed he was willing to direct her through whatever it would take for her to achieve the relief that she now needed most.
Her heart was pounding her breathing grew deep, her hands trembled and her ears rang as Siri made that call.
The second odd sound from that Face Time tone seemed an eternity as she chanted aloud literally begging their two devices to "connect-connect, come-on-connect, please ...CONNECT ... PICK -UP damn it!"
Then finally she heard his soft compassionate but demanding voice ring strong: "Well good morning precious Laura, you look all warm and cozy there in the shadows, please tell me what you are wearing" and she knew that her prayers had finally been answered.
As that first question bathed her mind in the psychological warmth of his presence that she so desperately needed, the very sound of it started calming her fears to where she could instantly open herself to accept without boundaries whatever it was that he may ask of her; "anything, anything at all this day," she thought, for she was aware that to achieve relieve from her bottled up sexual tension along with all of the previous week's anxieties, it was solely dependent on what her total submission to his strong sexual prowess would provide her and that was what she now so desperately longed to have.
She wanted it, she had to have it and knowing that he had to gaze upon her to provide it; she reached out and turned on the one lamp that lit her bed in the soft subtle glow that he had not only requested, but had come to expect from her.
"I am wearing only my new satin panties for you under this top sheet." She responded all happy and content as she stared into a dark shadowy screen while awaiting his instruction.
"I can see the top sheet over your beautiful form lovely lady, but now it is time for you to share with me what lies beneath." And dutifully she started to slowly pull that thin satin sheet up toward her chin.
As it reached a point somewhere just above the narrow waist band of her tiny gray thong she heard his low insistent voice instruct her: "Stop. Now both hands gently down over your silky covering and stop with your eight fingers together atop that pretty little covered pooch of a mound for me ... oh yes, that's it, I want you to massage and play a little there, but you are to avoid all points south for now. Do you understand me Laura?"
And all she could manage by then was to huff out a breathy "Yes, anything" as she felt the pleasant caressing from all of her own fingers allow her mind to think that her erotic touch was that of him.
As the heat increased and her moister released she could hear his voice encourage her on: "Oh yeah, that's it, legs a little wider for me now, that's my girl I can see a beginning of a wet spot now, the very target for your pretty little fingers to eventually find, but right now that little panty covered lump is starting to telegraph and expose your clitoris to me and you know we need to invited to join in."
She knew what he expected of her as she rolled the satin down one fold and the instant that her bare right thumb captured it against her panty covered fingertips they started their gentle circular pulling and kneading and she heard his voice again: "That's it, easy now, that's my girl, go with it, but you are to let me know as you start to cum, you are not go that far without my command."
As she pulled, petted and coaxed that little firm button, she could feel the first welling from under her mound to the very center of her chest and when she knew that her deepening breathing and trembling legs could hide it no longer, she announced its eminent oncoming approach with "Oh yes, dear God I'm about to ..."
"Not now" his voice cut through her fantasies' concentration; "you to hold off for me and let it build, but don't you dare stop with your hands. Now work that wet spot deep between your inner lips, down into their warm moist opening and continue to wait on my next demand."
Her head went back in her pillow; her mouth was now openly fighting for air and just when she thought she would disappoint him and cum, that erotic titillating voice rang out with his one single command of: "NOW!"
Completely released from that former commitment she felt that magical much needed rush literally blow through her body and as she stiffened and convulsed she felt her heals start burning down against the bedding as her body seemed to levitate between them and the back of her pillowed head.
As that much needed intensity continually flooded her very core she heard his constant encouragements in a volume just above those of her continual reactionary moaning: "That's it little lady, take it, reach for it, feel it, savor and hold on to it, for this is why I came to you this morning, this is what you've come to expect from me, this is what you deserve, but most of all this is what your body, that beautiful voluptuous body requires ... so just lay back and let it happen."
Her face contorted, her toes curled and as her legs lost all strength, her hands continued on and just as she felt both of her forearms and wrists start to cramp, that glorious zenith exploded from her loins, sparkled in her chest releasing a light through her inner body with a sensation so intense she will never forget it.
She was marked, she was his and she not only wanted that, she shamelessly had to own it.
She held on to it for him, she held onto it for herself and as wave after wave of the purest orgasmic pleasures consumed each and every inch of her trembling flesh, she actually shared in the pleasures that she was now providing him ... and it continued on and on.
Finally weak, out of breath and totally exhausted she could only lay listening to her own frantic wheezing and as he looked down on her from that forbidding and mildly oneness mask of darkness, she heard his next request; "Now gently rub your breasts for me, I want you to clear your mind and prepare yourself to go again.
Now knowing in her heart that what he had just requested had to be a physical impossibility, her mind actually considered faking the next, but knowing 'The Man in the Dark' as she did, she knew better than to chance his disappointment and she actually felt his eyes looking right through to the center of her very soul ... and then she heard his next request, the request she had learned to expect but grew to regret; "Remove your panties, but keep them handy, roll over on your tummy and up on your knees for me."
As she positioned herself in total compliance unto him, she remembered that she was most vulnerable to his desires in the position that she was now assuming and she also knew as she heard his next direction of: "Now up a little more on your knees," that he could openly view every inch of what he came to see, all up front and on center stage in a display she was barely willing to put on for only him.
As she rested the forward weight of her plump perfect torso on her left forearm she felt her breasts hang free and knowing what he wanted next, she reached down in between her own legs so her right hand could begin readying herself as she heard; "That's it, now arch your back and present yourself a little more for me" and without question, she instantly complied.
As her right fingers collected the moisture of her own orgasmic discharge that she instinctively knew was needed to lube her other point of entry (the one that he had learned to love) her middle fingertip stretched that tight warm wrinkled bud and she heard that soft demanding voice calmly make the mildly cruel and pointed request of: "I think your new anal plug is in order now ... don't you? But first we need to muffle your pleasurable moans with the wet inner gusset of that pretty little thong"
Instantly it was inside out against the top of her tongue, then the feel of the smooth silicone stem was between her soft fingers and as she centered the very point of that large bulb in her tight little rim, she felt her palm instinctively start a slow forward push of entry.
As she bit down on the warm paste like textured moisture of that saturated silk, she felt her anus uncomfortably stretch itself over the larger radius of that bulb to its most maximum point before it finally closed down the back of that cool smooth sphere and as it totally entering her lower bowel with kind of 'pop,' she knew that it was finally in place.
"That's it little one," he coaxed "now the rest of the way up to the base" and with the addition of a maddening fullness, the soft cool flange at the end of that short shaft finally came to rest, shadowing the outer surface of her overly sensitive tiny smooth fleshy donut.
"Raise that beautiful body just a little more up on your knees for me now, I want to see a space between you and the bed. Bring your pretty little right hand down and over the top of that beautiful plump ass, now past your new plug, that's it, now pleasure yourself from behind. I want to watch you cum this time as your heavy full breasts swing free in an un-obstructed view meant only for me."
She knew she was openly on display for him now and though she wanted to care, all she could focus on was the pleasures that she was about to bring herself and she knew that what she was about to receive also made his request to ogle her more than fare.
As her middle and third fingers explored the warm moist depths of her most private valley her pinky and thumb gently caressed the top of their own plump butt cheek and as the viscous moisture oozed from her soft inner lips she could actually feel it slowly slump down and eventually drip in a long strand from the puckered flesh of that little hood.
Ooooh that's it little one, listen let's listen to your wetness. It's talking to us, continue ... that's it don't stop now, a little faster and increase the pressure against yourself."
Her forearm and knees were burning into the smooth satin sheets as she struggled to maintain his favorite tripod pose: "A little faster now and when I tell you to change from those tiny circles, your fingers are to assume that rapid side to side motion that I taught you ... That's it faster ... and ... NOW!"
Her right wrist turned in to a machine as the tips of those two fast motion fingers curled in to start their assault on her clit and the burning fullness of her bowel married with the sensations from her loins, the scent and flavor stimulus of her own nectar and what followed next was so intense that she literally had to fight to stay conscious.
Though that continuing bliss was begging her to pass out from the very dream of its intense glow, she didn't want to miss one second of its super intensity or any moment in time that she was now spending with him.
They could both hear the pounding of her heart, mingle with the slurping sounds of her mouth over her own phlegm soaked panties making a sexual concert with the wet fingering music of her own vaginal lips and just before she collapsed face down into her sheets, her entire body, top to bottom, front to back and side to side went multiple.
Not one of them know where he came from and though they are all aware of his deeds, none of them know where the pleasuring of them originated, other than the fact that it is in their best interest, but also their most inner need.
Though the whispers from the ladies who've never experienced him gossip that he is only the rumored legend of an erotic dream, those who have actually laid down for him, will all swear to their death he is real indeed.
It was said this all originated a few years ago, with some thirty different women plus ten, all independent in their own committed lifestyle, with the one exception of their insatiable need of him.
He would collect them on social media, like so many nickels and dimes, some young, most mature and maybe a few quite old, but after their first experience of him, all of their lives became as precious to them as gold.
The Man in the Dark