When I was 18 I got a job at the local Rugby club, mostly collecting empties and taking food and drink to tables. I didn't really have the experience to work behind the bar yet, but I'd occasionally get a few drinks if it was busy. When I wasn't walking round the room I hung out behind the bar so I got to know the bar staff fairly well. I got on best with Anne, a woman in her 40s who'd worked there for years. She was easy to talk to and seemed to have fun chatting with whoever came in, she was in good shape for a woman of her age, slim and generally well dressed and still got comments from the players.
I was just beginning to understand that I was fairly pretty, and as a teenage girl I also got a bit of banter occasionally in the rowdy atmosphere. My uniform was a thigh length black skirt and a white top, I usually wore black tights as well and kept my light brown hair in a pony tail.
The top was fairly tight though conservatively cut, and my C cup breasts only showed a hint of cleavage at the neck. I noticed a few players checking me out quietly sometimes but the banter was mostly in jest and Anne especially always stuck up for me. I was far too timid to talk to anyone I saw giving me the once over, besides almost everyone there was at least a few years older.
The Rugby team played on Sunday afternoons mostly and at first I never worked then as the club itself wasn't very busy. However after a few months the main bar man quit and it was decided that myself and Anne would be the skeleton crew running the bar after matches. We had to open up at half 3 and the game usually finished about quarter to. No one was really in the bar till the team got in after they'd showered and changed, the team then had a meal and started drinking. Anne would be mostly in charge and handle the bar, it would be my job to take orders and serve the food and collect empties.
That first week we had nothing to do until we heard the Rugby teams get back from their game. The changing rooms were in the other half of the oversized scout hut like building. After a few minutes of hearing them sing and shout Anne turned to me with a definite glint in her eye and said it was time to go take their food orders.
"Now?"
"Oh yes!" A big grin spread over her face.
Apparently the bar man had always got their order in the changing room, that way the meals might be ready when they were done.
"I don't think he was suggesting you and me carry on the tradition, but what the hell."
She enjoyed my surprise for a moment then asked, "you coming, then?"
I didn't know what to say but I couldn't help but follow as she set off through the door at the back of the bar that lead to the changing rooms. There were several of the younger players that had caught my eye, muscular men in their mid or late 20s. I'd watch them in the bar if they came in whilst I was there, drinking and laughing seemingly oblivious to how gorgeous they looked. They were nothing like the guys I knew at school or college, so confident and powerful. The idea of seeing their bodies naked was immediately intoxicating, though them also looking back at me was terrifying. Most of me wanted to stop but I moved as if on autopilot, I couldn't turn back.
As she reached the door to the home dressing room Anne turned to check I was there, and with a reassuring smile to me she confidently rapped on it. I realised I had no more time to try and get used to the idea.
"Food orders!" She called out, then after not waiting for a response she added with a wink at me, "coming in!" She reached back to grab my hand whilst pushing open the door.
Anne was through first and I was half dragged inside immediately afterwards. The first thing I was aware of was a heavy steam dampness in the air and the sense of men crowded everywhere. It wasn't a big room and there were benches and hooks on two walls, with a large arch on the third wall facing the door from which the steam was billowing. There was already a cacophony of conversations and shouting, and before I even began to properly look around I realised some of it was about us.
"Hey this is the men's!" I heard someone shout.
"Females on deck!" Someone else cried.
"Now, now, lads, calm down, we're just here to do our job." Said Anne with a bit of a laugh.
I realised that most of the men there were in some state of undress with lots of bare torsos being my main impression as I scanned the room, I didn't quite know where to look and stared at the floor a fair amount.
"How old is she?!" I heard someone shout, they sounded half actually annoyed rather than the joking like the others.
"Old enough." Said Anne, she walked towards one of the guys on a bench who was wearing a shirt and no trousers and who I knew was the captain.
I tried to see where the shout had come from, I couldn't tell but my eye was drawn to two guys in nothing but towels and a young player I'd previously admired in nothing but a pair of tight, tiny briefs. I tried to look quickly but then look back to the floor, it didn't seem like they were paying me much attention and as Anne chatted I stole a few more glances. The player in just his briefs seemed content to stand there talking, I couldn't help but look down to his groin and the bulge then back up across his chest to his face as he looked at his friend, he was breathtaking. I tried not to wonder too much if he was on his way to or back from the shower.
Suddenly Anne was at my shoulder. "Very nice." She said quite loudly, looking where I was looking. The guy I'd been watching, I thought discreetly, looked up and flashed us both a grin. I looked away quickly, mortified. Anne laughed.
"OK, I've spoken to Matt, he's fine with us coming in like this for the orders and doesn't think anyone will mind. Or, if they do, he'll keep them in line."
"So we're coming in every week?"
"Well, you are, it's your job after all. I mean, I might help you from time to time." She glanced over at another player walking by in nothing but a towel. "Or, you know, more often."
I must have still looked terrified as she gave me a pat on the back, then shouted over to Matt. "OK, we're ready."
Matt stood up on the bench. "OK, listen up, Anne and Lucy are here to take the food orders, they'll be doing it every week. I know you animals will probably enjoy it but go easy on them, they're just doing their jobs."
"Yeah, right!" Someone shouted.
Matt laughed. "Well, OK, maybe there is something in it for them, but it has to be done." There was a chorus of whistles and cheers. "Anyway, for now Anne will take orders in here, and, just so she can start gently, Lucy will get anyone who happens to be in the shower." At that Matt broke in to a wide grin and the cheering increased.
"I'm going back in!" Shouted someone to more general laughter.
I was flabbergasted and stared at Anne wanting the ground to swallow me up, it felt like everyone's eyes were on me.
"Don't say I don't do anything for you." Anne was laughing as much as the rest of them.
"I can't go over there", I started, "they're naked!" Ridiculously I whispered the last part.
"I hope so." Said Anne, glancing over. "It'd be a disappointment if they weren't after all this set up."
The cheering had died down, though I could see a fair few of the guys still watching me.
"You heading over to the showers then?"
I looked to where the voice had come from, the young player had walked a few steps over to me and was standing looking at me cockily, still just in his tiny pants. I managed to sort of mumble a non-committal noise and look back at the floor.
"Why, see her there, will you?" Anne grabbed his attention and was looking straight at him, unashamed.
"Maybe."
Anne's gaze very obviously roved all over his body which up close I could now see was toned all over. His underwear still bulged and a close cropped trail of hair lead a little way up his six pack, he remained in front of us as if waiting for something. I realised he was trying to act casual but that Anne's direct manner was affecting him a little bit, he didn't quite know how to continue but obviously had had some idea for coming over here. He sort of shuffled a little bit as if realising quite how on display for us he was.
"Well, you're a bit over dressed for the showers, aren't you?" Anne wasn't letting up and took a step nearer to him, nodding down to his pants as she went. I saw him follow her look down to his tightly packed groin.
"Erm, maybe." He definitely seemed not 100% comfortable now, Anne was still smiling at him and taking in his body as obviously as possible.
"Well, then." Said Anne expectantly, and still looking right in his eyes she motioned downwards with her hand. "Best take them off, eh?"
His two friends who were following the conversation laughed in the background, "you tell him!" One of them encouraged.
He now looked like he realised he was caught in a conversation he had no control over. "I don't think I really need one," he tried, not sounding too confident.
His friends booed in the background. "You should, you stink!"
"Oh, go on," Anne said more softly, she was stood right next to him now, almost whispering in his ear, "give us a thrill." I saw him glance over at me then back at Anne. He still seemed completely uncertain, but after a few moments I saw his hands move to his pants.
Anne smiled at him. "There's a good boy," she said stepping back to get a better view as he started to ease them down.
In the end he took his pants down fairly smoothly, by then I was watching closely feeling more confident given the conversation was between him and Anne. It was the first Rugby player penis I saw, it seemed incongruously small on his large, muscular frame though certainly wasn't tiny. He straightened up and I saw him look at Anne and realise she was staring at his dick, he moved his hand nearer though didn't quite cover up.
"Well, that's better isn't it?" Anne looked back up to his face, she smiled at him as if expecting a reply.
He tried to adopt the more confident stance of earlier. "Like what you see then, do you?"
Anne kept her playful but in charge air and slowly let her eyes run back down to his cock, she leaned in as if to look more closely. "Well, it seems nice enough to me. What do you think, Lucy?" She still sounded utterly casual.
"Oh, well, I.." I had no idea what to say, I was still nervous to even look for more than a few seconds but I did find myself staring at his dick again.
"You probably need a better look so wait till the showers. You can compare him to the others." She had turned to face me and flashed me a massive grin, then composed her face and turned back to the naked rugby boy who was once again looking a little lost.
"Off you go then, Lucy will be along for you in a moment." He looked at me still not knowing what to say, then, clearly deciding to cut his losses, turned and headed to the showers. Both I and Anne watched his taut bum as it went.
She giggled, "honestly, you shouldn't be worried in the slightest, they're so easily manipulated."
"By you, I'm not sure by me."
"Oh, you'll get used to it. A pretty girl like you will have no trouble. Give me a shout if you need me though, I'll hang around till you're done." And with that she looked up at the two friends still nearby. "Now, don't think I'm letting you two off easy." She walked over to them and I wondered if she'd persuade them to drop their towels for her. I realised that I couldn't hang around to find out, though, I still wasn't confident but if I just milled about looking intimidated I'd definitely attract more of the banter that had threatened to overwhelm me just then. I needed to at least act as if I were fine. I started to walk towards the steamy archway.
As I approached I couldn't help but slow my step, it was difficult to see what was inside beyond a few vague shapes. I tried to block out the general banter of the players around me who were now mostly on the way to being dressed. As I crossed the last few feet I wondered how exactly I would get their orders, I hadn't brought a pad and I couldn't actually go in there fully clothed, could I?
I stopped at the entrance and called out, no doubt nervously, "here for your orders, guys."
"Well, come on in!" Someone said happily from inside, I looked in the direction of the speaker and I don't know if the steam had shifted or my eyes were getting used to it, but now I was closer I could make out 3 guys all naked and showering. For the moment two were facing one wall so I saw some wet, naked bums, and the guy who'd answered me was opposite them and facing me. I saw everything for a few moments till I looked up at his face, he was an older guy and had seemed fairly hairy down there.
"I'm not sure I can come in dressed." I tried to sound normal but was probably blushing. He kept his hands behind him as he moved his body a little bit under the water and, although I was concentrating on his face, I could still see his dick in my peripheral vision. He made no effort to cover up.
"Oh, you'll be fine, just stay in the middle. We won't splash her, will we, lads?" A few noises of assent were made and I realised that there was a flat part of the floor down the middle where the water didn't reach. As I gingerly stepped inside I saw another one of the players turn to face me but I for now concentrated on my footing on the wet floor.
Stopping inside, I turned to face the man who'd spoken to me. As I looked up from the floor I saw his penis once again and I steeled myself to keep my eyes up and not immediately look down. I felt myself wanting to look down, though, it seemed naked men were something I liked to look at even if they weren't all attractive hunks.
"So, er, what would you like?" I smiled at him, trying to act as if I were just taking an order in the bar.
"Very good question." He said cheerily, still rotating his body slightly and showing off. Given the announcement it was probably unsurprising that the people in the shower were those that wanted me to see them, somehow that seemed to make me feel less intimidated.
"How about sausage!" Said a voice from behind me cheekily, I turned to see the one of the players waggling his dick at me with one hand. He was younger and had a pretty toned body, though it wasn't the hunk from earlier who still had his back turned. For a few seconds I was so surprised I just stared, he was fully shaved and his penis was the smallest I'd seen yet.
Before thinking too much about it I found myself replying. "That's hardly a meal, is it?" I shocked myself, but tried to not react, the player stopped and there was a shout from behind.
"She's got you there!"
The guy who'd shook his cock for me looked down at himself then at me. "It's not that warm in here, you know."
He sounded a little annoyed but he was still encouraging me to look and although I could still feel the adrenaline and my heart beating fast I was feeling more and more at ease just doing that. If they didn't care why should I. I held his gaze then looked down again, then turned and obviously checked out the penis of the older man behind me. He grinned and stopped moving to let me look clearly.
"Well, your friend here seems to be doing OK." His penis was obvious bigger, it hung down across his testicles. I looked up at him and nodded in appreciation, I couldn't believe I was comparing their dicks to see whose was the biggest.
"Thanks," he said, "though maybe his is even better." He gestured to the young player who'd shown off for me and Anne earlier. "Well, let her see you too, lad!"
He kept his back to us and was pretending to have not heard. "Oh, I saw his outside." I was really getting in to this now, I stage whispered to the older guy, "I think yours is still bigger." I grinned and turned back round to see if the young guy would give me another look. Surely he wanted to show off if he had come to the shower.
"If she's seen you already then what's the problem? Maybe he's trying to improve his chances, if you know what I mean?!"
I laughed along with the joke. The young player looked over his shoulder at me and I smiled at him. I felt the third player leave the shower behind me.
"I'm leaving as well, now." He said, trying to sound casual and above our banter. He turned to face me, though, which gave me the opportunity to look as he collected his shower gel. I didn't need much encouragement and immediately dropped my eyes, there was absolutely no doubt it was bigger than it had been out in the changing room.
"Well, what's the verdict?" Came the shout from behind me after a few moments.
I looked up to the gorgeous guy's face and we shared a brief look, then I replied giggling slightly. "It's hard to tell actually."
"If we were hard you'd be able to tell, alright!" I gasped and laughed, the thought of him with an erection was very appealing to me. Sadly he grabbed his towel and started to leave.
"See you next week." I said, he hesitated and nodded in reply, still not covered up completely. After he'd left I turned back to the last guy in the showers, he was also getting ready to leave. I couldn't help but be a little disappointed it was over so soon.
"Leaving as well?" I said in a slightly sad voice.
He laughed again. "I'm sure you'll get plenty of chance to see more of us." He walked through the archway, I waited a moment and then began to follow him out.
Just as I was about to step out, though, I almost bumped into someone coming the other way. I stopped and stepped backwards, mumbling an apology.
"Oh, er, sorry Lucy." I recognised the voice and when I looked up I saw the dad of one of my friends.
"Hello, Mr Lucas." I said reflexively, that was how I'd greeted him for years.
He stayed stood in front of me, I could see he was just wearing a towel. He was decent looking for a man in his 40s, tall and not particularly toned but also not that flabby. I couldn't believe I was looking a friend's father like this.
"Yeah, er, I thought you'd have left by now." He looked at me slightly sheepishly and I quickly realised he was lying, it was easy to see who went in and out in such a small space.
"Oh, no, I'm still here." I grinned at him, after what had just happened the idea of seeing him naked too was impossible to resist. Given I knew his wife and daughter so well it was so wrong but I realised instantly that that just made it extra appealing.
"Well, er, maybe it's best if you, er.." It definitely didn't sound like he wanted me to leave, and he still wasn't moving to let me past. It was becoming pretty clear that my mate's dad wanted to show his penis to me. I was absolutely going to let him.
"I should stay to take your order, though, shouldn't I?" I said, trying to make it sound as innocent as possible. I realised I hadn't actually taken any so far, it didn't seem too important.
"Oh, yes, we should sort that."
I nodded at him, smiling. "Absolutely!"
We looked at each other for a moment and I then stepped back and to one side. He hesitated only slightly before crossing to a shower in front of me. He started the water with his back to me, then unwrapped his towel and stepped underneath. I was still getting just a view of his bum, it was a little bit firm but nothing like the young, toned arse I'd admired earlier. It was pretty amazing to be looking at the naked bum of a friend's parent, though. I almost had to stifle a giggle.
"So, what would you like?"
He kept his back to me, it seemed he was nervous like the young guy had been. That thought gave my own confidence another boost.
"What's on today, anything good?" Now I really knew he was here to show off, the menu hadn't changed in years and was of the 'something & chips' variety. It seemed unlikely anyone else would be coming in so I felt even more emboldened. On instinct, and trying to take a leaf out of Anne's book from earlier, I decided to be more provocative.
"Do you always shower facing the wall?" I wanted to sound playful but in charge. I'm sure I didn't totally pull it off, but Mr Lucas was more nervous than me so it seemed to work.
"I'm not sure if I should turn around." He half looked over his shoulder.
"It's OK, it's my job to be in here."
I could feel that my white top was slightly damp from the spray and was only going to get more so the longer I stayed. I wondered if my bra and my breasts were starting to be visible underneath it. I felt like I did in the bar when guys eyed me up, conscious of but also empowered by my body. As I grinned at him I saw Mr Lucas's eyes flick down to my chest, it seemed he was conscious of it as well.
He had maybe turned towards me a little bit more, I couldn't resist pushing it. "It's no big deal, Mr Lucas, I don't mind." I started playing with my pony tail, using my now raised arm to make my breasts more prominent. I wanted to tease him like the guy earlier had been teased.
"I won't tell Becky, if that's what you're worried about." He started a little at the mention of his daughter. I channelled Anne some more, sensing he was close to doing what we both wanted. "I won't tell anyone."
I saw something click in his eyes, it seemed he relaxed slightly like he knew he couldn't resist any longer. He shuffled a bit getting ready, it looked like he touched himself down there slightly. "OK, but .. er, I know it's inappropriate .. hopefully no one else will come in.."
He was already turning as he mumbled this, I stared at his groin as his penis came into view slowly.
"Oh, Mr Lucas!" I couldn't help it, the surprise was genuine. I wasn't too experienced with these things but it was obvious he had an erection, or at least the beginnings of one. I looked at it for a moment more then up at his face, he was blushing.
"I'm so sorry Lucy, it's just, well, it's not every day you meet a young girl like yourself in the showers."
I couldn't believe it. I knew I should probably feel more intimidated now, but his obvious timid embarrassment was still making me feel like I was in charge. He had clearly come here to flash me but I'd somehow turned the tables as Anne had with the player in his underpants. Maybe things like this did come easily to me as an attractive 18 year old.
"I don't mind, in fact I think that's the biggest I've seen so far." I was still trying to sound cheeky.
As I continued to stare his dick grew stiffer by the second and was soon stood rigid with a slight upwards angle. He turned his body so it would be more-or-less hidden from anyone at the entrance. There was now no real pretence, I was there so he could show his stiff cock to me. I wondered how I'd handle what to do next.
"Well, that's certainly something." I giggled. Mr Lucas was still looking sheepish with a red face, he put some shower gel into his palm as if this were a normal shower.
"Will you be coming in here every game, then?" He asked.
I carried on staring at his dick, it bounced up and down ever so slightly as he lathered his chest. "Yes, that's the plan."
"I, er, will try not to be be caught like this next time, then. It's a little embarrassing."
"Oh, no, it's fine, no one else can see." We continued to enjoy his show, perhaps both wondering if this would be a weekly performance. His hand was reaching lower and lower as he rubbed his body and I watched as soap suds ran through his cropped pubic hair and even along his stiff dick. I half wondered if he was going to start masturbating in front of me, even though I knew he wouldn't.
"I think I might have to leave soon." I was loving the situation but I was also conscious that Anne might notice the two of us in here alone for a while. I wondered if she'd think this was just good fun like earlier or something more. I didn't really want to answer any awkward questions.
"Oh, of course. Don't let me keep you."
The nervousness and formality of what he said was quite funny given he was naked in front of me. I thought how many times I'd chatted to him when groups of Becky's friends were at his house. I'd not particularly noticed anything about him, just another parent, though I now wondered if he hadn't been thinking of us in a different way recently. He must have known who I was when he hatched his plan to give me a private show.
I was still feeling bold and the thought of him lusting after me spurred me on some more. I knew I loved him being naked and nervous in front of me and I wanted to keep that up as long as possible. "Is Mrs Lucas coming in later?" I usually saw them in the club together so it seemed perfectly possible.
"Yes. She's, er, picking me up." It worked, he looked even more timid, though still with his erection on display. I held his gaze for a moment then looked down.
"So she might be here already, waiting?" I tried to sound casual but spoke keeping my eyes fixed on his dick, I felt incredible, I couldn't believe the control I seemed have over him.
"Maybe."
I looked back up at him. "I won't mention my new duties to her, I don't think."
"No."
"I think you've been pretty naughty, actually, showing off to me like this, Mr Lucas." It seemed he didn't really know what to say at all now, even his short answers fading away to nothing. "I mean, look how hard it is." I giggled, we were both once again staring at his penis.
"Are you going to give it a clean?" He looked back at me with wide eyes. "I think I might like to stay and watch that."
"Oh, Lucy, I don't think I should.."
I laughed as if it had been a joke. "Don't worry, Mr Lucas, I didn't really expect you to .. well, you know." He looked relieved. "Maybe next week." I added with a giggle.
He didn't reply. "Oh, you don't play at home every week, do you?"
"No, I think it might be a fortnight before our next game here. Not that I could ever.."
"Of course not. You might not even be in the shower next time. Well, unless you waited for me." I made sure to look him in the eye as I said the last part. He didn't reply.
"It has been fun, though, hasn't it?" I let my gaze drift down again. "He thinks so, anyway!" With a final laugh I turned to go, I wondered if Mr Lucas would take care of himself before he left the shower and if he did would he be thinking of me. It seemed likely.
Coming out I saw Anne chatting to a few guys near the door, there were only a few other stragglers left, all mostly dressed. I wandered over and she left them to join me.
"So, how was it?"
I decided I wouldn't share the full details of my encounter with Mr Lucas, but I did want to talk about things with Anne. "Oh, a bit embarrassing, obviously. I even saw a friend's dad in there!"
"Really? Naked?"
"Yeah, naked. I can't believe I've seen his penis, his wife is going to be out there!" Anne was watching me intently with a smile on her face. "I saw other guys, too, one of them even jiggled it at me with his hand."
"Men!" Anne laughed, she'd clearly enjoyed herself too. "See I told you you'd be fine."
"I, well .. I think I did like it, I realised after a while that they were showing off for me a bit." I was starting to whisper a little bit. "It was almost like they were just little boys and I was in charge."
"Little boys that can look pretty good though, yes?" Anne laughed again. "You might be taking to this even better than I imagined."
"Oh, I don't know."
"You'll be back next time I take it?" She said, making to head back out of the door. I followed.
"Yeah, but it's not for two weeks."
"That's my girl!"