This is a standalone story where Justin, Heather, and Shawna from my previous stories appear. Still, it is written so you can enjoy this story even if you have not read my previous stories.
Special thanks to kenjisato for proofreading this story. I welcome your ratings, comments, and suggestions. Please leave them here or send me a message. Thank you for reading.
+++++
Have you ever had a dream where you are about to give a presentation and realize you are naked? Most people wake up panicked. I would wake up, take off the undergarments I slept in, place my finger in my wet pussy, and rub it until I came. In real life, I am a fifth-grade teacher living an everyday life. In my fantasy world, I could be naked whenever I wanted, devoid of repercussions.
My desire to be nude in public began in 2013. I turned nineteen, and I was a first-year student in college. I attended a college in California, where the spring weather could be sweltering, and going to nearby beaches was part of the unofficial curriculum. When enrolling in this college, I was unaware that, in addition to the many family-friendly beaches, there was a clothing-optional beach. That changed when my roommate, Heather, invited me to Pirate's Cave without telling me it was a nude beach.
+++
It was Memorial Day weekend. My roommate Heather, and almost everyone else in my dorms, was going home for the weekend. That meant I would be spending three days alone. Well, not alone. When I learned Heather was going home, I arranged for my first boyfriend to visit my dorm room.
Justin was my high-school boyfriend and my first lover. After graduating high school, we applied to different colleges and started seeing other people. When he paid me a surprise visit during Thanksgiving break and rekindled our romance, we agreed to remain friends with benefits. I saw Justin again during Christmas break, but we have yet to communicate beyond a few texts.
It was Friday afternoon, and I just finished my last class for the week. Each day the temperature was higher than the day before. Today it hovered in the mid-nineties. Although I wore shorts with no panties and a blouse without a bra, I felt sticky and clinging. By the time I reached my dorm room, I was completely soaked. I opened the door and was hit in the face by a blast of hot air. My room was more sizzling than the outside air. It retained heat, and none of the dorm rooms had air conditioning. Even worse, the Memorial Day weekend forecast was predicted to be over one hundred degrees.
I wasted no time stripping naked. Heather, raised in a naturist family, taught me to appreciate how wonderful it felt to take off your clothes when you returned to your dorm. She would return from her classes, kick off her sandals and unbuckle the straps of her dungaree. Her large breasts and pussy, covered in dark ginger hair, would appear. After stripping naked, Heather would go to her desk and do her homework. The first time I saw Heather nude caught me off guard. It was our first night in the dorms. She undressed to go to bed, and all I could do was gaze at her nude body.
She knew I was checking her out, and she caught me. She looked into my eyes and said, "Okay, now it's your turn."
I hesitated at first, but I did as she asked. As I undressed, Heather watched me. I am five-foot-seven, one hundred twenty pounds, with long black hair and hazel eyes. When I turned around and saw her staring at my body, an unfamiliar feeling swept over me. I had undressed in front of girls in high school P.E. classes, but this was the first time I felt aroused as someone watched.
As the semester progressed, Heather stayed naked for lengthy periods. Eventually, seeing Heather naked became natural, making it more comfortable for me to be naked in front of her. By the beginning of October, we were always naked in our dorm rooms. By mid-October, we slept naked and even had a joint masturbating session.
Even though I had only been attracted to boys, and the sex I had had with Justin was terrific, my obsession with Heather continued to grow. I became confused because this crush seemed to pop out of nowhere. I finally talked to Heather about it, and she explained she grew up with complete gender acceptance. In her case, she lost her virginity to a boy, but her preference was to be with women. There was one woman in particular. Heather and I went to a Halloween party, and I met that woman. Her name was Shawna.
During Thanksgiving break, I decided to act on my Heather infatuation. That led to a memorable first kiss and my first orgasm from another woman's lips. I fell asleep before returning the favor. I woke up the following day having no regrets, but I also knew the crush was physical and not emotional. I told Heather I wanted to return to being platonic roommates. She was okay with that; we have been traditional roommates ever since. That is, if traditional people are always naked.
Even with no clothes on, I was miserable in the perspiring heat. The only cure was a cold shower. I walked to my closet and retrieved my bathroom bag and towel. Our dorms had two large shared bathrooms on each floor. The men's bathroom was at one end of the floor, and the women's bathroom was at the other. Knowing the dorms were almost empty, I could risk leaving my room wearing a towel around me. I was ready to go when I heard a knock on my door. Then, standing behind the door, I cracked it open, and there was Justin, with a big smile and an overnight bag.
Before I could say anything, Justin rushed into the room, slammed the door shut, and said, "I am so glad you texted me. I've missed you." Then he noticed I was wearing a towel, and the smile turned into a leer. "Nice look. Do you have anything underneath that?"
I knew what he had in mind and wanted to shower first, so I replied, "I was just about to shower just before you burst in."
"Fabulous. It was a long drive, and I need one too."
"Sounds good. The boy's bathroom is down the hall to your left. I will meet you back here when you are done."
Justin gave me a mischievous look and said, "No, I meant that we could shower together in the girl's bathroom."
Of course, I knew what he meant. The only time I had public sex was with Justin. It was on the Fourth of July, and we had sex underneath the blanket in a park during the fireworks show. It was dark when the show started, and we remained under the blanket the entire time. No one suspected anything that night, but I still got aroused thinking I could have been watched.
"Okay, you wait here, and I will check if the girl's bathroom is empty. If I'm not back after a couple of minutes, it will mean that you can join me. Make certain the door is shut tight. I have the key."
It was mid-afternoon, and the bathroom was empty, just as I had hoped. I walked towards the individual showers, hung the towel over the shower door, and put the bathroom bag on the soap shelf. I was naked and leaned in to turn on the water. As I was turning the knob, I heard someone enter the bathroom. I turned around, hoping it was Justin and not some random girl. I saw Justin running towards me with just a towel around him.
Before I could move, Justin wrapped his hands around me. He started caressing my chest, and my nipples immediately hardened. I looked over my shoulder and said, "Stop, Justin, wait until we get into the shower."
Justin removed his towel and let it drop to the floor, and he said, "You are right. A shower is the right place to fool around."
I saw that Justin's cock was already hard. I grabbed his hand, and I pulled him into the shower. Then, after closing the door, I reached into my shower bag, pulled out my shampoo, and asked, "Will you wash my hair?"
I poured the liquid into his hand and turned around. Justin stepped up behind me, and his fingers slowly rubbed the shampoo into my long black hair. He first massaged the shampoo into the top of my head. Justin caressed my temples with his fingers on either side of my head. He worked his hands back to the top of my head and then returned to my temples. He pulled my hair away from my face and moved it behind my ears. The shampoo flowed down my head as his hands made large, sweeping circles. Then he pulled the suds out of my hair. He continued moving his hands from the top of my skull down my back. He finished by sliding soap suds through my hair in a sensual, frothy motion.
The water warmed my scalp as he brought my head under the shower spray. He rinsed my hair and used his hands to remove the shampoo. Once all the lather poured down the drain, he held me under the warm water. My eyes were shut tight as I concentrated on the water splashing and streaming down my body.
Pleased with the job, Justin asked, "Want me to wash your back now?"
I let out a satisfied sigh. "Sure, that would be great." So I reached into my bag and handed Justin my soap and washcloth.
Justin lathered the cloth, washed my shoulder, and proceeded down my right arm to my hand, covering me with soap suds. He repeated this on my left arm before moving back to my shoulders. I felt the soft cloth on my shoulders, releasing all my anxiety. His fingers kept moving, massaging, and rubbing, making me inhale and exhale.
He brought the washcloth down my back, stopping and moving the washcloth in a circular motion. Then, moving away from my back, he continued to my ass. He placed the washcloth on my ass and used his other hand to spread my cheeks. Then, ensuring there was a complete cleansing of the crevice between the two cheeks, he moved his soapy finger into my anus and inserted it into my ass up to his second knuckle.
I screeched loudly. Justin had never tried that before, and I was not ready. I tensed up, and Justin realized my discomfort and continued his journey toward my feet. My right leg was washed from the top of my thigh down to my ankle. From my other ankle, he worked his way up. When he finished, he stood close behind me and positioned my body so the shower spray washed away all the soap.
I was in a dream state as Justin touched my shoulders and turned me around. He told me to close my eyes as he used the cloth to wash my face gently. The aroma of the soap overpowered me as Justin traced my eyes, nose, and cheekbones. Then, avoiding my lips, he finished at my chin. Then, after placing the washcloth back on the soap dish, he cupped his hands under the water and rinsed my face clean.
I opened my eyes and saw Justin looking at my breasts. Smiling, he took the soap and slid it between my tits. He traveled over each breast using the soap, then concentrated on my nipples. I felt a tingling sensation as the soap rubbed the tips of my nipples. I enjoyed the soap's feel on my stiff nubs. I protested when he moved the soap away to wash my stomach.
My stomach did not get much attention. Two circular motions over the abdomen, briefly stopping at my navel before moving on to his ultimate goal. Beginning at the knee, he moved the soap up my leg to my inner thigh. Then he stopped and stared at my pussy. I shaved yesterday in anticipation of his visit, and he could see my smooth labia. I opened my legs, and he inserted his fingers into my soft pussy lips. I stood there breathing hard as he slid his fingers in and out. My body quivered in anticipation. I leaned against the shower tile as Justin touched my clit. Justin moved forward so the tip of his erect penis rubbed up and down my swollen lips.
I looked down at Justin's cock. As I guided him inside me, I heard two girls on our floor enter the bathroom, talking loudly. My first thought was, can I go through with this? As much as I wanted to, apprehension came over me.
"Oh shit," I said to Justin. "We need to leave here." So I stepped away from Justin, and his hard dick slipped out. "Let's walk out of here together and pretend this happens all the time."
Justin looked at his throbbing cock and said, "I don't think this will go away."
I looked down and said, "Just cover it with the towel the best you can."
I turned off the water, grabbed my towel from above the door, and cracked the door open to snatch Justin's towel from the floor. I handed Justin his towel, and I wrapped my towel around me. Justin wrapped the towel around his waist, trying to hide his erection. I fully opened the door, and we stepped out.
I looked out, and the girls were at the sink brushing their hair. They both stopped brushing and stared over their shoulders. As we walked past them, they both turned around. One looked at me and gawked. The other girl looked at Justin, then her eyes moved to the towel, and she smiled. I could tell that both were in disbelief. I smiled at the girls and reached out to grab Justin's hand. Justin held his towel, looking at the ground and trying not to stare at his bulge. When we got inside, our eyes locked, and I looked at him, wanting to finish what we started before being interrupted.
Justin saw the way I looked at him. He quickly moved up against me, wrapping his hands around my towel and pressing his mouth against mine. I realized as Justin ravished my mouth with his tongue and listened to his low moans how much I had missed him. He tasted and explored the warmth of my mouth with his tongue. I whimpered from his kiss as his tongue playfully joined mine. Justin sighed with delight as he pressed his tongue deeper into my mouth. His kiss became hungrier and more demanding as his mouth devoured mine with determined intensity. I struggled to remain standing as he reduced me to a hot heap of desire.
Justin suddenly pulled away, breathing hard with a wild look in his eyes. He took a deep breath and exhaled as he started to walk me backward towards my bed. I brought my hands to his head and held him as the bed hit the back of my legs. I fell backward onto the bed, and Justin fell over on top of me. He lifted himself just enough so he could rip my towel away.
He removed his towel and shifted his weight, sliding against my body. My pussy was already wet, hot, and ready. He pressed his throbbing erection against me, and I reached for his cock to guide him inside me. I let out a loud wail as his long, thick cock entered me, inch by inch. He felt good, even better than I remembered.
As he slowly moved in and out, I lost control. I pressed my fingers into his back and continued making low sounds in my throat. Justin ran his tongue up my neck and buried his face in my hair, pressing my back against the bed. He puffed softly into my neck and let out whimpering moans of pleasure that sent the most blissful shivers down my spine.
He brought one hand to my left thigh and up to my belly. Pressing hard on my skin, he surrounded one breast, squeezing and pinching hard at my nipple. He put pressure on my flesh until I moaned hard against his mouth. I squirmed beneath him, grinding ecstatically, my nails digging into his backside. Justin groaned as my fingernails slid down his back.
He stared intensely at me in response. Justin grabbed me without any warning, taking hold of the backs of my thighs and pulling me in. He flipped onto his back and forced my ass into the air. He grabbed my ass and plunged his cock deep into me. I leaned forward, gripped his chest, and held on for dear life as his cock slammed violently into me.
Waves of pleasure overwhelmed me as my body peaked towards my climax. My breathing became faster, and my heart was pounding in my chest. I started panting, trying to draw in deeper breaths. My abs tightened, and a warm rush spread through my entire body.
Then I shouted, "God, yes! Justin...I'm gonna..."
Before I finished my sentence, my hips bucked and jerked wildly, my eyes closed tightly, and I gripped Justin's chest tighter. I screamed again as my body shook, and my orgasm spread throughout my body.
Once I came, Justin gripped my ass much tighter, still thrusting hard into me, forcing higher cries from my panting lips. Justin reacted to the sound of my voice, and he pressed his body against me with a desperate need to cum. He clenched his teeth as he continued to thrust below me.
"Justin..." I moaned as I came for a second time. That made him tighten in response as he pumped toward his orgasm. I knew he would not last much longer. He dug his fingers into my thighs as he plunged one last time into me. Then he let out a raw scream, and I felt his warm fluid splash against the walls of my cunt.
While panting, he let go of my ass, and I collapsed on top of him to catch my breath.
I looked down at him and said, "I guess we will need another shower."
+++++
My eyes opened, and I felt Justin's butt press against mine. I looked over my shoulder, and he was still soundly asleep. We were both naked. I sat up, stretched my arms over my head, and immediately felt the morning sun cascading through the closed shades. I looked at my phone and saw it was only 9:00 AM, and my dorm room was already hot.
I adjusted my position and stared at Justin. He looked so sexy, with the window light shining early morning rays across his face and body. Then, I saw his remarkable dick. He was not fully erect but stiff from sleep and the dream he must have had. Watching him brought back images of last night's erotic adventure. Caught in the shower. Wondering why I was not brave enough to finish what we had started. Justin's embarrassment as we walked back to my room. The sex that was as good as it was last summer.
Thinking about yesterday, and seeing Justin in my bed this morning, made me horny again. I parted my legs and ran my hand up and down my labia, stopping to slowly insert one finger into my wet pussy. With my other hand, I reached down to play with my clit, while Justin slept and dreamed.
My hand moved from my pussy to my right breast. My tits were still sensitive from Justin's squeeze, so I used my fingertip to rub my nipple. My other hand stroked my clit through the hood. With one hand on my clit and the other on my breast, I was breathing hard. Suddenly, overtaken by intense pleasure. My body quivered, sending shockwaves through me. As I started to cum, I wanted to wake him and say, "Fuck me, Justin. Fuck me faster, don't stop. Make me cum." But I did not. I threw my head back and bucked my hips as spasms of my climax racked my body.
What a way to start the day.
I then saw that Justin was moving. Knowing I must have been watching him, he looked up at me and said, "Good morning, sweetie." Then he asked, "Did you just wake up?"
I just grinned and said, "Yes, just moments ago. I was watching you and thinking about yesterday. Taking a shower together in the girl's bathroom was daring."
"It was. It got me worked up." Justin replied.
I looked at his cock, harder than it was moments ago, and said, "Is that what you were dreaming about?"
Justin chuckled and said, "I was dreaming about having my way with you."
Then he took complete control and kissed me. At first, it was a tender kiss, but then his tongue pressed against my lips, demanding entrance. Then, as I opened my mouth, his tongue traced the inside of my lips, which went further to entwine with my tongue. In return, I responded by sucking on his tongue and lips.
My hands slid down his back as I embraced him firmly against me. I liked the feeling of his chest pressing tightly against my boobs. I also couldn't resist raking my fingernails on his back. I enjoyed how his kiss became more intense as my fingernails dug deeper.
His hands also slid up and down my back. Then his fingers tickled up my sides and moved to try to cup my breast. I loosened my grip on his back to allow him full access. He broke our kiss and used his tongue to titillate my neck and shoulder. He continued to swirl his tongue as he moved toward my breast. Still sensitive from the orgasm I just had, I let out a loud moan.
I moved my hand from his back to his hard dick. I wrapped my hand on his swollen cock head and then moved down the shaft towards his balls. When I cupped his testicles, I could feel Justin tense up.
He said, "Ashley, I want to taste you. I have missed how you taste."
He grabbed me by the waist and carried me so I could sit at my desk. I leaned back on my elbows and gave him full access. He moved to kneel between my legs, and I knew I would receive a tongue lashing that only Justin could give me. He began by flicking his tongue ever so slowly around the lips. Back and forth. My breath caught with each flick. He moved to my clit, and he sucked on the little tip that electrified every nerve in my body.
As he encapsulated my clit, he pinched my nipple. The combination of his mouth on my clit and his hand on my nipple had me moaning in ecstasy. His tongue moved toward my pussy entrance. Then, using his tongue, he pushed my lips apart, seeking to penetrate deeper into my cunt. I grabbed his head and pulled him tight into me, trying to help him drive his tongue deeper. His tongue never stayed in one spot. Instead, it moved from my pussy back to sucking on my clit, and then returned to my pussy, making me dripping wet.
I began trembling and moaning his name over and over. "Justin! Justin! Justin!"
It got too intense, so I pushed his head away and made him stop.
Justin looked up at me and grinned. He moved his jaw and tried to get his mouth to work.
Laughing, I asked, "Are you going to be able to eat breakfast?"
Laughing, he answered, "Yes, but not yet."
He helped me move from my desk back to the bed and said, "I need to put my cock in that soaked pussy."
He sat on the bed, and I stood before him and straddled him. I gripped his cock, and rubbed the head of his cock over my clit, then positioned myself as I sat on his lap. His cock slid into my cunt, and I rocked gently, letting my juices coat him before I took all of him in.
"OhFuck! Justin! I love the feeling of your cock stretching me."
By the intense look on his face, I knew the feeling was mutual.
When he was totally inside me, I circled my pelvis grinding down on him while holding onto his shoulders. I was moving slowly, but I needed him to cum, so I moved faster. Justin grabbed my waist and tried to slow me down, but I wanted him to cum hard, fast, and furious. We continued at this pace as I gyrated my hips around and around.
We were working up a sweat as I rode him. I felt his cock stretching and filling me. I could feel another orgasm building, and as he worked his cock in and out of me, my hands were kneading and scratching at his back. To help him cum, I lifted my hips to meet his thrust.
I moved one hand to my pussy, and I began to stroke my clit, and moments later, I exploded. Justin felt my orgasm, grabbed me by my shoulder, and in one deep thrust, released his cum inside of me.
"Fuck, Ashley!" He screamed.
As he continued to cum, he rocked into me, and I had another mini-orgasm. I came back to Earth and rested on his lap. My breathing slowed, and a calm and satisfied sensation flowed over me. Justin stood up, and his cock slipped out of my pussy. I sighed in disappointment. I liked the feeling of him inside me.
Justin was standing over me, looking happy, when I heard our door open. I turned to watch as Heather walked into our dorm room as if seeing two naked people were expected. I wondered if Heather was listening outside our room and had stepped in when we were done.
Justin's hand instinctively moved in front of his crotch. Realizing how silly that looked, he moved his hand away and sat beside me on the bed. Heather glanced at Justin and then at me. I saw Heather smiling, and I knew she had heard us. Her smile turned to confusion. Not by hearing or seeing us naked but by wondering who this guy was.
I wanted to ask Heather how long she was outside our door, but instead clarified what she was seeing by saying, "Hi, Heather. This is the Justin I told you about. I thought you were staying at your parents' ranch all weekend, so I invited Justin to visit me."
Heather replied, "I'm still staying there, but Shawna and I are going to the beach, and we thought you might want to join us."
I looked at Justin, who was still traumatized, and asked him, "Justin, did you bring a swimsuit?"
Justin recovered and said, "I did pack one in my bag."
I told Heather, "Since Justin brought a swimsuit, and it's so damn hot in this room, we would love to go."
Heather started to say something but instead stopped and said, "That's awesome. I'll pick Shawna up and return in about an hour to take us."
"Perfect, it will give Justin and me time to get an early lunch. We haven't had anything to eat yet."
Heather left, and Justin burst out laughing. He was thinking good thing Heather didn't get here any earlier. I knew better but kept that to myself.
This time we went to separate bathrooms to clean up before our beach adventure. After getting lunch, Justin put on his swim trunks, and I put on a new two-piece bikini I had yet to wear. Justin looked at me and said, "Ashley, you look hot. I am sure you are going to get plenty of stares."
I looked at my phone and saw a text from Heather. She said to meet her and Shawna in front of the dorms. I wore shorts and a top over my bikini, and Justin had only his swimsuit on. We both had sandals on our feet. After getting our towels, we left the room. I looked around at our meeting place but did not see Heather's truck. Then I saw a convertible and heard Shawna say, "Hi Ashley, Heather's truck was going to be a tight fit, so we are taking my car. Get in."
Justin and I got in the back seat and left the campus. The closest beach was the most popular and was about twenty minutes away. After introducing Justin to Shawna, I said, "The beach we are going to is going to be extremely crowded for Memorial Day weekend."
Heather replied, "Not where we are going. Only the locals know about this beach. Most students are gone, and the beach shouldn't be too bad."
I was getting nervous as we got closer to our destination. About half a mile before getting to the in-demand beach, we turned west and started climbing on a steep, narrow road. It ended at an unpaved parking lot that was far from any water. Shawna parked the car, and we all got out. So first, I noticed Heather. Then I saw Shawna. Neither was wearing bathing suits under their tops.
I asked Shawna, "Are there changing rooms at this beach?"
Shawna looked at Heather and said, "You didn't tell them?"
A big grin came over Heather's face. "I was planning to, but I thought this would be more fun."
"Tell me what?" I asked.
Still smiling, Heather replied, "We are heading to Pirate's Cave. It's a clothing-optional beach."
Before I could respond, Justin said, "Cool, I've always wanted to do that."
My roommate started walking on a tree-lined path, and Shawna followed her. They both had backpacks on their shoulders. Justin followed Heather and Shawna, so I did not get a chance to confirm that he wanted to do this. So, I just said, "I guess we're heading to a nude beach."
Justin, Heather, and Shawna turned their heads to look at me, and all said, "A clothing-optional beach."
I caught up with Justin and held his hand. My nervous feeling quickly became apprehension. Being naked in front of Heather was one thing, but this felt different. Then I thought, they said the beach was clothing optional. It is unlikely that anyone will force me to be nude.
The pathway led to an area that overlooked the beach. We needed to go down a very narrow and steep trail. We all got in a single file and walked down the path. The path was good in some places but a bit precarious in others. It took all my concentration not to fall. Heather, who was at the head of the line, stopped and said, "Okay, this is the hard part. We must hold on to this rope and go down about ten feet. Ashley, Justin, give me your towels and anything else you have in your hands, and I'll put them in my backpack."
Heather stuffed the backpack, grabbed the rope, and started climbing down. Shawna followed her. I looked at Justin and thought okay, I can do this. So I grabbed the rope and was close to the ground when Heather reached out and helped the rest away. Lastly came Justin, and he made it look easy.
The beach was more extensive than I had anticipated. The sand was smooth, with large rocks between the cliffs and the water. I was about to take off my sandals when Heather stopped me and said the sand would be scorching. I should wait until we get to our spot. I looked around, and clusters of people were all over the beach. Most of the people were wearing swimwear, but some women were topless. There was also a group of older men who seemed out of place. They were fully clothed. As we walked, I noticed fewer people wearing swimwear. I wanted Heather to stop, but she kept walking.
A few minutes later, we encountered three large rocks. Heather squeezed between two rocks, and we all followed. Once on the other side of the rocks, I looked around, and it felt like I was on a different beach. The beach was more crowded, and almost everyone was topless or nude. I wondered if this part of the beach was also clothing-optional.
Heather saw a small opening in the sand and decided this was the perfect spot. We all laid our towels side-by-side, and I looked at our neighbors. We were between two naked men on one side and a couple on the other. The couple next to us was very close, six feet at most. She was topless, and he was naked. They looked in their twenties and wore wedding rings. The man saw us, and he was about to start a conversation. I was uninterested in conversing with him, so I asked Heather, "Do you and Shawna visit this beach regularly?"
Heather replied, "It's our favorite beach. We usually meet with friends."
I responded sarcastically, "Great, I might be seen nude by somebody I know."
Heather rolled her eyes as she removed her top and shorts and sat on her towel. Even though I'd seen Heather unclothed almost every day, I still looked forward to seeing Heather naked. She is about five-foot-four-inches tall, with chin-length auburn hair. It was her beautiful face that made her attractive. She never wore makeup, which gave her a natural look. She was curvy but not fat and flabby. Her pussy was trimmed but never wholly shaved. What I looked forward to most was seeing her boobs. Easily a size D with big, round areolas. Her nipples were dark, and they tipped upward.
Shawna, who I had only seen naked once, also wasted no time getting nude. It took her seconds to strip off her clothes and lie face down on her towel. Shawna's appearance could not be more different from Heather's. Shawna had long, toned legs from working out. Her tanned skin was light brown. Shawna's hair was blonde and long, unlike Heather's short hair and round face. Her crotch was hairless and smooth, and her boobs were slightly smaller than mine, with pierced nipples.
Shawna looked back up toward Justin, waiting to see what he would do. Standing next to me, Justin said, "When in Rome." He lowered his swim trunks in one pull, and his cock sprang free. Justin was well endowed, so although his dick did not stick up like a flagpole, it was noticeably stirred up at a forty-five-degree angle. Justin kicked off his trunks and held his arms at his sides, presenting his nakedness to Heather and Shawna. They both smiled.
Justin flattened his towel and proceeded to lie on his stomach. That left me there standing, looking at three naked people. I considered leaving my bikini on, but then I thought, what the hell, go for it. Not wanting to draw attention, I sat on my towel, took off my top, and lowered my shorts. My bikini top was next. I reached behind me and untied the knot. I took a deep breath, pushed the top off my shoulders, and let it drop to the towel. That was a big step, and I was not ready to take off my bottoms. I exhaled slowly and sighed. My boobs were free, and it felt good. I looked over at the two nude guys, and they did not seem interested. I looked the other way and noticed that the guy sitting with his wife was watching me. I was acutely aware that I was being sized up. My excitement turned into arousal. Electric pulses swept through my body. Every nerve tingled, and I felt a powerful rush.
Shawna also gazed at me. Shawna gave me the same look she had given me before. And just like last time, the nipples on my 32C chest hardened. Heather also examined me but for a different reason. She said to me, "You need suntan lotion. You will burn." She reached for her backpack and handed Justin the tube.
I lay on my stomach, and Justin squirted a massive dollop on my back. His fingers felt wonderful as he worked the lotion into the small of my back and up to my neck. Moving his hands quickly to my side, Justin rubbed the cream on the sides of my breasts. I could feel his fingers trying to reach underneath to touch my nipples, but I didn't give him access, so he moved to my arms and shoulders. Justin was doing such a fantastic job spreading the lotion. It felt like a massage. His strong hands kneaded every muscle in my back and shoulders as the warm liquid spread on my back.
Justin shifted to my legs. Beginning at my feet, he worked his way up my legs and to the side of my calves, ensuring he covered all my exposed skin. His hands moved higher, and I parted my legs. He squirted lotion on my upper thighs and rubbed the cream into my skin. His hands moved onto my ass. At first, he rubbed lotion up to the edge of my bikini bottom, but then his hands slid underneath my bikini bottom. He slid the bikini bottom to the side to expose my ass crack and massaged my all-but-bare ass. I sighed as he finished, and my pussy was soaked.
I finally felt calm and relaxed when I looked at the couple six feet away. The woman was reading her book, but the man watched Justin and me closely. Instead of losing my tranquility, I felt exhilarated. Before I had time to process that I was enjoying being watched, Justin said, "Time to turn over."
After turning so my boobs were exposed, Justin got into position to start at my feet. He squirted the lotion directly onto both legs. He moved to my thighs and back down with one hand on each leg. Each stroke moved higher towards my bikini bottom. I closed my eyes, and my fingers clutched the towel. I unwittingly spread my legs as he ran his hands between them. His fingers explored the edge of my bikini, moving the material so I could feel the lotion slide onto my labia. I brought my hand over his, indicating it was time to move to another part of my body.
Justin squirted sunscreen on my stomach and used both hands to coat my skin. Then, moving from my stomach, he spread the oil over my arms. He soon worked his hands towards my breasts. I knew it was time to stop him, but instead, I opened my eyes and once again looked at the couple. Now they both watched us. I made eye contact with the man, and he flashed a smile.
Holding eye contact with the couple, I let Justin massage and cup my tits with his palms. He lifted his hand and circled my breasts without touching my nipples. Then he squirted the lotion directly onto each nipple. The sudden stimulation made me squirm. Knowing what Justin would do next caused me to hold my breath. Still looking at the couple, I slowly released the air, and Justin brought his fingers to my nipples and brushes brushed them, causing them to become stiff.
I switched from looking at the couple to peering at the man's penis. It was hard, and he made no effort to hide it. My eyes turned to his face, and I knew he had caught me staring at his penis. The look he gave me was full of confidence and was one that an exhibitionist would have. As I processed my new feelings, Justin squeezed my breasts again. He brought his hands to his side, indicating he was done.
After Justin finished, I sat up and noticed that the couple had stopped watching us and returned to reading their books. I turned to look over at the two men, and they were staring at Justin. Wondering why, I discovered that Justin's cock had shifted from half mast to full mast. I saw Heather's and Shawna's grins and knew they had also noticed.
Alarmed, I said, "Justin, we better get you in some cold water before the two guys next to us misinterpret why you are so excited."
As Justin gazed down at his erection, he asked, "You want me to march to the ocean like this?"
"Don't worry, I'll be with you, and maybe the guys will look at me instead of you. Now let's go into the ocean."
I stood up, grabbed his hand, and pulled him toward the sea. As far as I was concerned, the faster we could get there, the better. Slowly, we picked up our pace, running next to each other as the sand became cooler under our feet. We reached the ocean just as the wave began to recede. The water felt colder than I expected, probably because I was just as aroused as Justin.
Justin's stiff dick submerged as we waded into the water. We were not deep enough to cover my breasts, and I noticed a man I had not seen before giving me an admiring smile. I returned his smile and got the same feeling between my legs as when the other man observed me while Justin lathered me with lotion. I began to imagine the man's dick hardening as he watched me. Once again, the tingling sensation between my legs was becoming uncontrolled arousal. I was ready to put my fingers under my swimsuit when I heard Justin ask me something.
I said, "I'm sorry, Justin. What were you asking?"
"I asked how long have Heather and Shawna been together."
"They have been off and on for almost two years. These last few months, they have gotten more serious."
Justin thought about my answer and asked, "Has Shawna ever spent the night in your dorm room?"
I'd never told Justin about my crush on Heather, or that Shawna had seen me nude, so I just answered, "No."
Justin looked at me, wanting a more detailed answer. I was deliberating the best way to tell Justin all that happened between Heather and me when a big wave knocked me off balance, and I crashed into Justin. I placed my arms around him to support myself. I immediately felt his hard cock pressed against my bikini bottom. Obviously, the cold water did not have the desired effect.
Justin held me tight, and his erection pressed harder into my pussy. My bare tits against his chest. He hungrily jammed his lips against mine, and I urgently responded. His lips tasted salty from the ocean. Below the water, Justin found one of the knots from my bikini bottom and untied it. He pulled the swimsuit away, holding it in his hand. My pussy was bare, and Justin's cock was pressed against it. Justin tried to enter me, but waves made that impossible. Also, I glanced around and saw that the man smiling at me was still there. Plus, the couple who was watching Justin apply suntan lotion had decided to take a swim. They were both walking into the water, and both were nude. He was just as hard as before.
I needed to cum. I did not care that the man that smiled at me was nearby. I did not care that Heather and Shawna were wondering what we were about to do. I did not care that the man and woman knew what we were about to do, and they would watch us. So I reached down and placed my hand around Justin's cock. My other hand grabbed his hand and brought it to my pussy. I said, "Just like Thanksgiving, make me cum with your fingers."
With the waves hammering against us, I touched his cock head and rubbed his crown with my fingertips. I looked around, and the man pretended not to be watching, but I knew he was. The couple was not only watching but also grinding against each other. I wrapped my fingers around the shaft and stroked faster and more deliberately. Justin was breathing more quickly, and his cock swelled around my hand. I brought my hand back to his crown, knowing he was close. Justin tensed up, and he let out a muffled scream. Moments later, Justin erupted into the palm of my hand, and I felt his seed spill through my fingers. Then, as I removed my hand, the remaining cum washed into the ocean.
After Justin came, he tried to put his fingers into my pussy. As horny as I was, I was not wet, so instead, I pressed Justin's hand against my vulva. Then I guided his hand to my clit and held him there. Once again, I looked at the couple. They had stopped grinding and were watching to see what Justin and I would do. That was enough to bring me closer to my orgasm. Bracing myself with one hand on his shoulder, I pushed Justin's other hand against my clit and used his fingertips as a vibrator. I moved his fingers in a circular motion, and my breathing suddenly intensified. I looked at the couple and saw encouragement in their faces. They knew how close I was.
I became obsessed with being observed. The apprehension I had felt yesterday when I was in the shower with Justin was gone. I wanted the couple to see Justin fingering my pussy. I moved Justin's fingers faster, and my body responded by pulsating in a rhythmic motion. Even though they could barely see Justin's hand under the water, my expression and the way my tits bounced left little doubt about what would happen. One last rotation against Justin's fingers and I exploded. Fuck, did I explode!
I came so hard that I almost lost my balance. Justin used both hands to steady me, and I noticed he wasn't holding my bikini bottom. When Justin saw my expression, he knew what I was looking for. He smiled, saying, "I must have dropped them when I came."
I wanted to be annoyed, but I had just cum in front of at least three people, and walking out of the water nude was no longer a big deal. So I smiled back at Justin and said, "That's okay. I will stay nude until we return to my dorm, but you must buy me a new bikini."
Justin and I walked out of the water and passed by the voyeuristic couple. They were also walking out, and the man winked at me as I passed him. I looked down, and this time I deliberately stared at his cock. I noticed he was no longer hard, and I winked back at him, and this was the day I became an exhibitionist.