1
By all appearances, Sarah was a straight laced, white collar professional woman in her late twenties who took pride in her appearance and always dressed professionally and appropriately at her work. Her personal life often mirrored this exterior, but since her marriage to Alex two years earlier, she had found her usually shy and reserved personality relaxing a little. Now, sitting at her cubicle desk in the insurance office where she worked, her mind wandered and she thought about what a caring and attentive lover Alex was. He hadn't been her first, not by a long shot, but he was the first to be genuinely interested in her feelings, fantasies and satisfaction. Since their wedding day he seemed even more intent on keeping their sex life alive and kicking.
Sarah had had sex on the brain all week long, but with their busy schedules they had not yet had time for each other. Sure, she could have quickly taken care of her own needs one morning while Alex slept, but what she really wanted was to be with him. Sarah made a spur of the moment decision: tonight would finally be their chance.
She left work early to prepare. At home, she took a long shower, imagining the feeling of Alex's skin against hers. As she slowly shaved her legs and pussy, she thought of how excited he would be to dive between them and lick her from front to back until she climaxed again and again. She could feel the wetness growing, and it was all she could do to pull her hand away from her soapy clit and wait for the evening. She knew from experience that the longer she waited the better her release would be.
She dressed in a tiny satin thong that had been a present from her husband. The back was a white triangle with a single strand of white pearls that disappeared into her ass and rubbed her clit as she walked. She reserved the panties for very special occasions only, and knew Alex would get a rise out of them. She added a lacy white bra, a semi see-through blouse and a short clingy skirt. After putting on some strappy heels, she admired herself in the full length mirror. She still looked great and knew it. Even in her business attire at work she would catch the men in the office staring at her body. Her c-cup breasts were still very perky, and she had to admit that her ass was fantastic looking in the skirt. Alex was sure to be pleased. She freshened up her makeup and ran a brush through her blonde hair, then settled down on the bed with a glass of wine. Sarah turned on the TV and started to watch some of her favorite DVD's, tugging at her thong once in a while to remind herself that it was there. She wanted to be ready to go as soon as Alex walked in the door.
2
Alex arrived home an hour later, but to Sarah's surprise he was not alone. He had gone for drinks with some work buddies and the idea of a quick poker game came up. He brought home four friends, telling them that he had the greatest wife and she wouldn't mind at all. Sarah had met them all before, three were from Alex's office and the fourth was one of the warehouse workers that Alex sometimes did business with. Nick seemed out of place in the group, with his unshaven face, tattoos and dirty jeans but Alex seemed to really get along with the guy. The entire group tried not to stare as Sarah came down the stairs in her sexy outfit, and for a moment she wondered if they could all tell what she had been up to. She blushed, but quickly recovered. To be honest, the idea of them knowing how horny she was or sneaking a peak up her skirt turned her on even more. She had always thought that she might be a bit of an exhibitionist and while she had never acted on it the thought of being naked in a public place really got her hot.
She greeted each of Alex's friends and then led him into the kitchen for a quick talk. Alex assured her that they wouldn't be too long, and that he would be up to the bedroom before she knew it. Just to be sure he knew how serious she was, Sarah took Alex's hand and slowly positioned it under her skirt. She pressed his fingers against her pussy and felt her wetness flow over it. Alex looked surprised, then smiled and assured her again that he would be up soon to relieve her frustrations.
The men sat around the dining room table for their card game, and before she left them to themselves Sarah decided to have a little fun. She brought in some snacks and drinks for the table and made sure to lean way over while she was setting them down. The men had an excellent view of her ample cleavage and the top of her tanned breasts, and could even see the top of her lacy bra. She held the pose for a few seconds, pretending to be fiddling with the placement of one of the snack bowls, knowing that four strange men were staring at her. The idea made her feel flush, and her heart raced as she retreated to the kitchen.
Sarah said her goodnights and went up the stairs. At the top, one more naughty and thrilling idea came to her. The top few steps had a clear view of the dining room, and Sarah tiptoed back down three steps and stood in the shadows watching the men. Her husband Alex was seated with his back to her, but most of the other men just had to look up and they would notice her standing there. When she was sure they hadn't seen or heard her, Sarah reached down with her left hand and lifted the hem of her skirt. With her right hand she stroked the front of her thong, just feeling the wetness of her pussy with her fingertips. She stared at the men who were all engrossed in their card game and imagined them watching her stroke her pussy and clit. The idea was enough to drive her crazy, and she closed her eyes for just a second and bit her lower lip to stifle a moan. When she looked back to the table of poker players, Nick was staring at her. He quickly looked away, so fast she thought she had imagined it, but she was sure he had seen her.
Sarah quickly rushed upstairs to her bedroom.
3
Once safely in her bedroom with the door closed, Sarah stood for a moment to catch her breath and calm down. She couldn't believe that she had been caught in such a compromising pose, and by the warehouse guy no less. The more she thought about it, though, the more excited she was that it had been him. Her husband's other friends were just like him- office workers with classic good looks and good jobs. Nick was a wild card. She imagined that he rode a motorcycle, that he drank too much and got in fights at bars. He took no interest in his appearance, and always looked unshaven and unshowered. He worked with his hands all day, and had the muscles under his shirt and the dirt under his fingernails to show for it. Sarah had never considered cheating on her husband, and never would, but in her imagination Nick was the dangerous man she wanted to be with.
Sarah took off her skirt, blouse and bra, and left the heels on for just a moment to admire herself again in the mirror. Her hands trailed across her flat stomach and up the sides of her body. They ended below her breasts, and she absentmindedly started rubbing her dark nipples with her fingertips, then pinching and tugging on them. Most of the time her nipples were not sensitive at all, but tonight she couldn't believe how good it felt to pull on them. She came out of her trance and slipped into a short satin nightgown and climbed under the sheets. As an after thought, she reached over to the nightstand and selected two of her favorite vibrators from the top drawer. One was pink, about the size of Alex's cock with realistic ridges and texture. The other was only slightly smaller, smooth and jet black. She put them both under her pillow.
Sarah got back into bed and turned the TV back on. She turned the volume down very low and started the DVD player again. The DVD was one of her favorites, and she watched the young porn stars getting fucked in all sorts of creative positions. One of her favorite scenes was a blonde starlet who was getting her ass fucked from behind by an enormous cock while she sucked another man off. The woman on the screen was very convincing, and Sarah imagined that she was really enjoying herself. She pictured the studio where they shot the video and all of the camera men watching the woman perform, and found herself imagining being a porn star herself. She was sure having the cameraman and crew watching her get off would be a mind blowing experience, not to mention the idea of all those men and women masturbating to her videos.
She could hear the poker game going on in her dining room, and wished they would finish up so that she and Alex could get down to business...
4
Sarah must have fallen asleep. She woke up in the middle of the night with Alex softly snoring beside her, the DVD long since ended. She vaguely remembered him coming to bed, making a half-hearted attempt at waking her up then falling face first into the pillow. She had been dreaming wonderful dreams of sex in strange places with strange people watching her. In one dream she was in a motel room, laying on the bed and masturbating with her pink vibrator as people looked in the window through the slats of the blinds. In her dream she could see the people staring, more and more of them gathering at the window to watch. She knew it was wrong, that she was being a dirty little whore to let strangers see her like this but it just turned her on more. She looked directly at them as she plunged the vibrator in and out of her wet pussy...
So much for her grand plans of sex with Alex, she could tell by his snoring that he wasn't going to wake up. Just to make sure, she reached inside his tight white boxer briefs and felt for his cock. She had always enjoyed Alex's manhood, which was smooth and big and always seemed to be at the ready. Alex kept it shaved clean, and Sarah rubbed the top of his shaft and cupped his balls in her hand. She felt it spring to life and become semi erect, but Alex didn't stir.
Sarah sighed and lay back on the pillow. All was not lost, she would certainly be able to give herself some mind blowing orgasms without him, but nonetheless she was disappointed. Sarah closed her eyes and tugged gently on the front of her thong, the pearls rubbing softly against her clit.
Suddenly something wasn't right; Sarah could swear that she heard a noise outside her room. She froze and stared at the door. In the darkness, she could just barely see the outline of the door frame, and she thought that her eyes were playing tricks on her when the door quietly opened up just a crack She could see a faint light from the hallway windows, and before she knew it the outline of a man's head appeared at the door. He stood still for a moment, listening, then opened the door a little further until his entire shape was visible. Sarah's heart was in her throat, her first instinct was to scream, but for some reason she stayed still and pretended to sleep while watching the man through her half closed eyes. Soon she realized who the shape was. Nick was still in her house for some reason was now standing in their bedroom doorway.
Sarah struggled to control her breathing, her first thought was that Nick had come to rob them and she was afraid that if he realized that she was awake there would be trouble. Upon further inspection however, his intentions became a little clearer. Through her half closed eyes, she could see him rubbing the bulge in the front of his pants as he stood in the doorway and watched her. Sarah's first reaction was shock and disgust, but it soon turned to excitement as she realized what was happening. The idea of a strange man masturbating in her room was enticing.
Sarah came up with a plan, even as she though of it she couldn't believe it had come from her. She decided Nick deserved a show for his daring efforts, and pretended to toss slightly in her sleep. As she moved, the sheets came away from her shoulders, revealing her sexy purple nightgown. She could see Nick's posture stiffen as she did this. She tossed some more, allowing one of the nightgown straps to slide off her shoulder and reveal the top of her right breast. Slowly she brought her right hand to her chest, still pretending to be asleep, and trailed her fingertips along her neck and down to her breast. Her hand lingered there and she started rubbing her tit through her nightgown. Then she pulled the silky material to one side and rolled the nipple in her fingers and gave a little tug. She couldn't help but moan softly at the sensation. She opened her eyes again, just slightly, to check on Nick. As she did, she saw him unzip his fly and take his cock out and start to stroke it as he leaned against the door frame. She could tell by the shadows that it was a good size, big and strong and very erect.
Sarah made another show of tossing in her sleep, this time pushing the covers down further on the bed, all the way to below her waist. Her left hand went to the triangle of her thong, while her right continued to tug on her nipple. She wasn't sure if Nick still believed her to be asleep, but she was starting to not care. The whole situation was just way too exciting. She pushed her thong to one side then brushed her clit with her fingertips. Her pussy was wet to the touch and she had waited way too long for this release. Soon her fingers were moving rapidly across her clit, flicking it up and down. She closed her eyes as her orgasm approached, always aware of the strange man watching her and her husband asleep beside her. She couldn't believe she was being so nasty and the danger of the situation soon pushed her over the edge. Her whole body shook and her back arched as her orgasm pulsed through her. Finally, her fingers slowed and her body relaxed back onto the bed as a wave of tension left her.
Sarah knew she should make an effort to cover herself up, and was acutely aware of Nick still in the room, but she just couldn't bring herself to move. Besides, she really was hoping that Nick would finish jacking off as he watched her. She lay in the dark and trailed her fingers along her flat belly, still watching him rub his cock in the dark.
Suddenly she saw Nick move, taking a quiet step towards her. Sarah froze, wondering what he was up to. He walked into the room and stood at the foot of the bed staring at her. From this distance she could clearly see his cock sticking out of the top of his jeans, it was big and beautiful, just as she thought. He stroked it as he stared at her from the end of the bed.
Nick took two more steps around the bed and was soon standing along side her reclined body, just about at her knee. Sarah felt a wave of panic go through her, showing off was one thing, but clearly Nick wanted to take things further. She couldn't imagine doing anything with him, but quite Nickly the idea was getting her juices flowing again. She saw Nick slowly lean over her until his face was just inches from her leg. She felt his breath against her thigh. A gasp came from her mouth, and she knew that she should stop him before something happened that she would regret, or even worse before her husband woke up and saw them. But she lay there frozen, unable to react and unable to quash her desires.
Nick's right hand continued to slowly stroke his cock, as his left hand came up to her leg. His rough hand landed lightly on her thigh and a tingle swept through her body. He gently started pushing her legs apart. She wanted to stop him, but wanted even more to feel his mouth on her body. She relented and slowly opened her legs to reveal her shaved pussy to him, and he pulled her thong to one side and ducked his head.
When his tongue fist touched her pussy Sarah shivered uncontrollably at the sensation. It wasn't that he had a spectacular technique for licking pussy, more the realization that a strange man was between her legs and the whole situation was so naughty and dirty. She was aware of him sliding a finger inside her while he licked quietly at her clit, and could see him grinding his cock against the bedspread. The sensation and the situation were marvelous, but she knew it was wrong. She reached down to protest and push him away, buy just ended up with her fingers in his short black hair pushing his mouth against her.
Soon she felt him pull back, and this time she knew what he was up to. He pulled his pants down further and climbed onto the bed. Sarah's resistance was gone; she didn't care anymore and almost hoped her husband would wake up and see her acting like a dirty little whore. She grabbed franticly for Nick's cock and pulled him to her, guiding it into her pussy. His cock was big, but her pussy was so wet from all of the attention that it slid in snugly. It was like nothing she had felt before, this man on top of her with these strange smells of cigarettes and beer, and his hard cock deep inside her. Nick started to move slowly, then picked up the pace right away as he pushed into her over and over again. His cock was rubbing against her clit as it slid in and out and she knew that her second orgasm would some soon. Nick panted and grunted with effort, slammed into her four or five times then leaned his head back as he came. His orgasm seemed to last for minutes, and she could feel his hot come squirting inside her.
Nick collapsed on top of her, panting. After a minute, his cock slowly shrank and fell out of her, and she could feel his come dripping out and down the crack of her ass. He didn't move. Unbelievably, she found herself wanting more. She hadn't come while he was inside her, and now that she knew that they had passed the point of no return she wanted some satisfaction of her own. She grabbed the back of Nick's head by the hair and roughly guided his mouth to her right breast. It felt good to take charge, and Nick took the direction and started kissing her nipple. The sensation was still wonderful, she felt her nipples harden as he licked and sucked on them. Then she felt his teeth rub against them and he gave her a not so gentle nibble. She moaned, and felt Nick's cock start to harden again against her leg. Soon her fingers were on her clit again, rubbing furiously.
She should have known that Nick was not the kind of man who would allow a woman to be in charge in the bedroom. He suddenly sat up and grabbed her by the waist, turning her around roughly so that she was on all fours facing away from him. Sarah was breathing heavily with desire and she pushed her pussy into the air, still rubbing her clit with abandon. She felt him grip her waist roughly and guide his stiff cock back into her wet pussy, but he pulled it out again right away. He waited a second, then repeated his one stroke process over and over, teasing her and making he moan for more. Sarah couldn't understand what he was doing, but Nickly she didn't care, her orgasm was building by the stroke.
She then felt the head of his cock trace a wet line from the top of her ass crack to her tight little hole. He pressed gently at the opening, and Sarah clinched in shock. Surely he wasn't going to try to stick that huge cock in her ass? Nick pushed a little harder and squeezed just the head of his cock in. Sarah took a deep breath and tried to relax for the penetration, and Nick pushed slowly into her, inch by inch, until she felt his stomach against her.
The pain of the penetration subsided, and left behind an amazing sensation. She couldn't believe how good it felt to have him inside her and soon she was fingering herself and rubbing her clit frantically with her face pressed against the pillow. He started to move slowly in and out of her ass as her orgasm grew, and soon he was pumping with wild abandon as she fucked herself with her fingers. Nick grabbed her hair and pulled her head back, and the action pushed Sarah over the edge. She let out a long low moan as she peaked, the orgasm pulsing through her ravaged body. Just as she came, so did Nick, and she could feel his come shooting into her ass as her own dripped from her pussy.
5
Sarah collapsed forward onto the bed, exhausted and completely spent. She sensed Nick climbing out of the bed and covering her with the sheets, and she was asleep before he quietly left the room. Neither of them had ever said a word.
In the morning, Sarah first wondered if it had all been a dream. The redness of her nipples and the tingling in her privates soon told her otherwise. She walked apprehensively through the house in her nightgown, but found no one remaining from the festivities the night before. She thought back on the unbelievable night before and knew that the memories would fuel her vibrator sessions for months to come. She took a quick shower and climbed back into the bed with Alex, one hand sliding into his jockeys for his cock, the other reaching below her pillow for one of her toys...