"Nick? I'm beyond amazed." Sat Willa Pryce in the passenger seat of his red Corvette convertible.
He snaps a glance at her while eying the traffic ahead.
"You enjoyed all of that attention in public, didn't you?"
She holds her hair behind her ear, "Well, yes. Sara did. I meant the fact you managed all of those clothing bags to fit in such a tiny trunk."
He chuckles, "If not they would have been delivered by taxi."
"Where are you taking me for lunch?"
He eyes her body barely covered by her black micro bikini. She feels free as the rushing breeze attacks her pores.
"I know a great outdoor burger joint on the beach. I think you should get your feet wet."
"I get to feel the ocean between my toes?" She smiles brightly.
"Sure. You deserve it."
"That clerk Katrina said these bikini's are illegal in public."
He frowns, "I'll pay the fine if that happens. A beauty like you can get away with murder here in Cali. Have some faith."
"Can I ask you something?"
"Feel free." He rubs his goatee.
"Did you do this type of thing with Claire for your first book?"
"Some yes. Her Government job keeps her away from home too much. Not to mention losing her dream job would ruin us financially."
"So, you chose me as your Nanny because my body is perfect. Everything about me screams Julianne Hough. For your inspiration. Fantasy."
"Partially. For eight grand a month are you complaining?"
"No. I'll be the first to admit I'm glad I replied to your Nanny ad. Even though I feel like that has already become my part time job. I'll hold on to this job as long as you will have me."
"Just what I wanted to hear. Your help on my book is invaluable."
"Nick, it's already become more than that. This is about you and your desires. Not Dorian's. I'll play along as long as you keep me safe."
He glares at her, "You're wrong. These displays are designed to fuel the page. Having a model to portray Sara and her journey is needed. It's a must to sense, see, and feel her emotions."
"So fucking me last night even as long as you did meant nothing to Nick? You had no feeling of your own that needed scratched?"
"As I told you, the chapter took a wrong turn. Did it feel good? Sure. A man of my age loves a sweet young thing. I'm 18 years older. That's good to keep me young."
He eyes a tractor trailer to his right and speeds up.
"Pull your top down and lick your nipples for this semi driver."
She looks ahead and prepares herself. As soon as Nick reaches the vision of the trucks front seat, she awaits the driver to look down at her. He was a large burley man with a long beard.
After a few highway mile markers he glances her way and her top is peeled down under her breasts. She squeezes and rolls them around for his amusement. Once he grins at her she lifts her left tit and swirls her tongue around the nipple.
Nodding and offering a thumbs up she moves her mouth to her right nipple for a repeat performance.
"Should I keep going?"
"No. That's enough. Our exit's a mile up." He then guns the car and zooms in front of him to hear him honk his horn.
Leaving the semi behind he gets off on the seaside highway. A few more miles he reaches the beach. Parking near the string of shops and restaurants he shuts the car off and this time puts his roof up.
"Do you have your cell phone?"
"Yes. In my clutch bag at my feet."
He has her cell number and dials it. "That's my cell. You have our home line. I want Sara to take this money to buy yourself a towel and suntan oil. Walk out to the sand where that volleyball game is. It looks to be all men, hopefully not gay. You will lay out and tantalize them until one or more approach you. I'll call you when I see you talking to them for longer than five minutes."
"I see a lifeguard on one of those high chairs." She frets.
"I'll buy off his beef with you. When I call you I want you to act like I'm your man. You will ask them to oil you up and you will masturbate in front of them. While we talk you will act as if nothing is going on. Make them think they are in control. Any questions?"
"When will you intervene? Do I stop them and leave?"
"That's for me to decide. You will lay there as long as they attend to you."
"What if they want sex?"
"If they're smart enough to own a condom then let them. Otherwise no."
She nods gently, "What lesson is this Dorian?"
"Patience. The ability to seduce from a distance. To take care of yourself. Now go!"
She leaves the car wearing her earlier pair of sandals. Phone and cash in hand she wiggles along toward the shops. Eyes attack her from every angle. Gossip is heard in numbers. Mostly good. Still she stayed her course.
At a beach towel shop she found a large Hello Kitty blanket and a bottle of oil. A bottled water and sunglasses finished her list. Willa then leaves the row of shops and journeys out into the sandy beach. Parents with children tried to keep them oblivious to her. She was covered at least.
She found a number of the volleyball players eying her already. She fluttered her fingers at them to keep their attention.
Choosing a spot that both sides of the net could enjoy she bends over in their direction to set her belongings down and fan out her towel. She heard whistles fill the air before she even sat down.
Immediately she opened her bottle of oil and began rubbing over her arms, shoulders, legs, belly and chest. Her face came last.
Through her shades she noted the gamers stopping to admire her. She could tell there was a challenge being made to see who approached her. There was a certain amount of shyness in all of them.
Laying back she let her hands wander her body as if spreading the oil further. Palming her 34D's she literally ran her fingers under the patches before repositioning them. The same thing led to her bottoms. Fingers vanished for a moment then she settled back to wait.
Less than ten minutes two of the men got the nerve to support each other. They slowly walked toward her until they reached her feet.
"Hey, how's it going?" A thin man with tats on his shoulder spoke.
She tilts her head up and covers her brow to see them better.
"It's so hot today. Why aren't you guys playing your game?"
The other man jested, "Distracted. Not that we're complaining. You're smokin' hot."
She smiles, "Awwwwwwww! Thank you. You're pretty studly yourselves. I just hope I don't burn. If I fall asleep please come save me."
"I noticed that oil has a low UV. You better coat yourself better. Your current tan is pretty scarce."
"Oh? Well I'm from Chicago. My first time in California. Thank you for your concern."
They both echo "No problem."
"I'm Zane and this is Wes. What's your name?"
She smiles brightly, "Sara. Hello kind Sir's."
Obtaining her bottle she sits up and again coats herself. She feigns trouble reaching her back.
"If we don't scare you we can help you out there? Hard to reach places." Zane beamed.
"Really? Promise not to tickle me?" She giggles.
"No. Hand me your bottle and roll over." Wes chuckled.
Hissing with a smile she rolls over showing off her bare backside. She pulls her long reddish brown curls forward out of the way.
Both men drop to their knees and eye each other triumphantly. As Wes dribbles oil along her spine, butt, and legs Zane jumps right in.
Massaging her shoulders he grins at Wes rubbing her spine and under the string of her bikini top.
Zane winks at Wes, "That string in your way Buddy?"
Wes nods sheepishly, "Kind of. Her tan lines are going to be brutal."
She tilts her head up to leer back, "Untie it if it's in the way. I'm not shy. Besides my old bikini already left a nasty set of lines. I want an even tan line as much as possible."
"Alright then. String untied." Wes chuckles untying it and laying the strings to her sides. Eying her breasts bulging under her it looked as if she was topless.
Zane continues on her neckline and lifts her arms one at a time to cover them good.
Each time her breasts raised from the towel making him grit his teeth out of exhilaration.
Wes had moved down to her lower spine and crept his fingers under her bottom strings. Gripping her ass cheeks gently at first to observe her reaction then rubs deeply leaving prints. She shivers.
"I don't think I can get away with not having tan lines down there."
Zane watches Wes pressing his thumbs inside her butt crack using them to oil within the crevice. His right thumb pulls the tiny string up slightly out of his way. In doing so Willa arches her hips to offer them her unspoken delight.
"Am I getting to personal there Sara?" Wes hesitates.
"Do Goosebumps tan evenly?" She giggles, "I guess I'm okay. I mean you guys are being so nice helping me out here. I'll jump if I get freaked out."
Both men chuckle as Zane oils her armpit and the profile of her bulging yet compressed breast.
"I'm not sure my armpits will tan but that feels nice. You guys have a definite gift that's for sure. For details that is." She exhales.
"Our pleasure. We just know how the sun can be here in Cali. Better safe than sorry. If we miss anything let us know." Zane smiles at her warmly uncertain if she even had her eyes open to welcome it.
"Somehow I don't think you guys will miss much." She moans softly at their efforts. "This is almost like a massage. My muscles ache badly. I'm a Nanny so I lift babies all day."
Wes still toying at the sight of that bikini string between her ass offers up, "We can apply some pressure here and there if you like. Just tell us where."
"That would be everywhere." She chuckles.
Zane improvising, grips her shoulders and squeezes tightly, "Too hard?"
She smiles sheepishly, "Could it ever be too hard?"
Both men snap a glance between themselves, her words had inspired already prolonged desires.
Wes looks over his shoulder as four of their friends try to be sneaky and capture a view for themselves. She hadn't even heard their approach. She closed her eyes to enjoy the attentions of Zane and Wes.
Zane nods for the four to stand blocking the lifeguard from spotting them. They understood and built a wall. Luckily their shadows were at her back.
"Sara? Do you mind if I pull these strings down a little?" Wes asked.
"Are they leaving lines already?"
"Yes. Nasty lines. You tan quickly."
Displaying a sudden shiver Willa/Sara coughs up, "That's fine. You're being gentlemen."
With a bit lower lip Wes guides the strings three inches down, while glaring up at his four friends. He then pressed his thumbs within the crack again prying them apart. The pressure of his grip continued her shivers.
"You're trembling. Should I stop?" Wes options regretting every word.
"I'm just not used to this sort of attention. No, you shouldn't stop. Thank you for considering my feelings."
"Always. I'm only trying to relax you and be thorough at the same time."
"That you are." She sighs.
Zane improvising grips her shoulders and squeezes tightly, "Too hard?"
She smiles sheepishly, "Could it ever be too hard?"
Both men snap a glance between themselves, her words inspired already prolonged desires.
Wes looks over his shoulder as four of their friends try to be sneaky and capture a view for themselves. She hadn't even heard their approach. She closed her eyes to enjoy the attentions of Zane and Wes.
Zane nods for the four to stand blocking the lifeguard from spotting them. They understood and built a wall. Luckily their shadows were at her back.
Her anal cavity winked into view for the men above to bear witness too.
Zane shifted on his knees moving his thumbs down her spine almost therapeutically.
"Oh my Lord. That felt awesome Zane. More please." She melts.
"Just for you." He chuckled checking out her anal area as Wes massaged her cheeks.
Zane repeated that motion five more times before stopping.
"I'm moving south Sara. I'll come back to your spine in a few."
"Can't wait." She giggles softly.
Zane then scooted down to rub her legs. Allowing his hands to carefully run his fingers inside her thighs. He accidently touches the fabric covering her pussy. She again arched her hips. Time and again he dared to repeat that journey.
"That feels lovely. You guys do good work. I could fall asleep."
"Go ahead if you want. We'll stay here and keep you from burning." Zane teases.
She giggles, "Don't tempt me I might snore. No wait I only do that when I'm laying on my back."
Everyone's eyes bulged out. The four men above considered darting away but held their stance.
"Do you need the front redone?" Wes asks as the four men begin to get even more nervous.
"In awhile. I'm enjoying the massage. Don't stop. Unless you have better things to do." She grinned devilishly her eyes still sealed.
"Nothing in particular. We're happy to help."
Wes gets bold and runs his right thumb directly over her anal cavity. She giggled at the sensation.
"You said no tickling."
"No I never promised that. Sorry if I got a little too personal." He hated that string in the way.
"That's fine. I don't suppose it can be helped." She sighs.
"Yea, it's difficult to miss and still make sure you don't get a crispy area there."
"I appreciate your concern. Believe you me. I'm just glad I have you two. This sun is torturous."
"Sara?" asks Zane, "Would it offend you if I said I love your ass? It's incredible."
She giggles resisting the urge to blush, "No. And, thank you. It's nice to be noticed."
"With a bikini this skimpy that would be impossible." Wes chuckled in reply.
"I wasn't certain if I was bold enough to wear it too be honest. But, I figured this is southern California and surely I wouldn't be the only girl wearing something like this."
"Probably not." Zane added lingering his pinky directly on her pussy while squeezing her upper inside leg.
"I think Wes is fascinated with my butt." She giggles, "He hasn't moved his hands. No complaints!"
Finally, one of the four spoke up wanting in on the action.
"Hey Fellas. What's happening?" He acted winded as if just getting there, "Whoa!"
Zane and Wes snap a killer glare praying he didn't ruin their fun.
Willa opens her eyes and sits up on her elbows to look behind her, finally noting the four behind her.
"Oh my. Hello, All."
Wes speaks up, "Sara this is Justin, Greg, Miles, and Sean."
Justin chimed back in, "Girl you're going to be a lobster. You need my UV lotion it's the highest and best on the market."
Willa sighs, "I guess I'm clueless to this climate. Can I borrow your lotion?"
He chuckles, "Only if we can help apply it."
Her eye brows raise over her sunglasses, "Again, Oh My! That's an awful lot of hands. Twelve if I'm counting right."
Zane growls, "Come on Guys, lets not spook the hot girl."
Wes concurs, "Grab your bottle Justin. Zane and I can apply it."
"Don't let me be a lobster, Justin." She giggles.
"Awww, man!" He races to his things and hurries back, handing the bottle down to Zane.
As Zane squeezes an offering on her spine he hands it back up to Justin.
Her relaxation grew intense at the two men's hands. Finally she leers back once again.
"Can you all play nice?" She fidgets a smile toward Justin and the others.
"I'll make certain of it." Wes vows gallantly.
She exhales dramatically and lays her cheek on the towel growling loudly, "DON'T TICKLE!"
The four drop like rocks and await Justin to dribble a stream all over her body. Without waver the six men roll their army of hands over every inch, again and again.
"This is a first for me." She laughs trying hard not to freak out at how awesome it was.
In their adventure Wes teases her ass hole once again. Then another firmer grace. She shivers yet arches her hips even higher this time.
Wes puckers his lips, pinching the already lowered strings, "I'm going to reposition these strings Sara. Tan lines from hell if I don't."
"Okay. I trust you." she moans lightly.
Wes nods repeatedly proving he was the Man.
He caresses her ass twice more, coaxing her hips higher before pulling them down another two inches. So low on her ass that her pussy lips loomed into view like a beautiful clam shell in appearance.
Zane continually rubbed her left inside thigh lightly grazing her pussy with his pinky, each time loitering longer and longer. He intentionally tangles his fingers in the bikini bottoms wrinkled material.
"Oh my!" She softly moans.
"Sorry. Now it's in my way." He jests.
Wes times Zane's pinky motion with his anal temptation, this time slipping his thumbs further down to also graze her pussy.
"Wow!" She hisses softly.
She raises her hips higher yet as hands patrol her back and sides. Two of them Sean and Miles had her arms over her head rubbing oil in. Greg offered attention to the profiles of her breasts crushed beneath her.
"You okay up there, Sara? Anyone hurting you?" Wes smirks.
"I certainly wouldn't say anyone was hurting me. I can feel my backside on fire though." She gasps with her face buried in her towel.
"Maybe you should roll over for awhile. Get some sun on the good side." Greg winks at everyone.
"Ohhh! I'm enjoying the backside. But, I think you're right. Give me room to turn."
The men pause and ease back by only an inch.
She swallowed and did her best to hold her untied top in place. As if that was possible. Still her nipples were covered by her palms.
Willa's bottoms dangled so low in back that the front literally exposed her clit. She feigned trying to reach for it and revealed her left nipple.
"Umm! I should have known that would happen. I'm lowering my hands and trusting you boys." She blushes intentionally, "I'm kind of in a predicament here aren't I?"
"We're surrounding you. Nobody will see." Sean scans around them.
"So glad for that." She cringes lightly.
Finally, she bites her lip and settles back.
Justin again oils her up from head to toe. Greg immediately pulled her top off of her chest and laid it behind her.
Willa grits her teeth and whines, "Hey, I needed that. No, not really."
"Man those are incredible." Greg added as he began using both hands to roll and squeeze and caress her right tit.
"What size are you?" Zane asked.
"34D. DD cups on a good day." She stared up at them all in awe.
Sean did the same to her left breast. Kneading and compressing his thumbs over her nipple.
"Shit, that feels good." She hisses.
Justin and Zane rolled their palms over her stomach and met at her thin landing strip of pubic hair letting their thumbs pet it repeatedly.
"Meow!" she teases giggling and shaking at the same time.
Wes met eyes with Willa/Sara, "I'm going to remove these out of the way." He tugs at her crinkled up bottoms, "Is that okay with you Sara?"
"Didn't see that coming. Well yes I did..." She sighs heavily.
She continued trembling but said nothing further as Wes watched her raise her ass up from the towel enough to loosen the strings entirely. Untying the sides he gently peeled them off of her and placed them behind him.
"Oh my God! I love California." She whimpers as Wes lets his thumbs pry her pussy lips apart to reveal her hole.
"I'm certain I won't get tan lines now. Of course with all of you shading me my tan might suffer. Thank you." Willa cranes her neck back.
Her thoughts lead to where was Nick? Why hadn't he called her?
Willa lowers her right hand and begins to rub her clit.
"I think we made Sara horny." Zane leans over Greg and pinches her nipple lightly tugging at it.
"Is that true Sara?" Wes asked.
She trembles heavily, "This is amazing. Yes. You know very well I am. You all had a hand in it. Hands!"
"Remove your fingers Sara. Allow me." Wes guided her aside and begins rubbing her clit with his right thumb and patrolling his left thumb within the slickness of her lips.
"Oh, you can do that all day." She exhales moaning softly.
"We're glad to be of service. Just lay back and enjoy your vacation." Wes grins.
She was in heaven.
Zane and Sean made their moves, leaning over to suck on her nipples.
"Oh my God! Don't stop." She pleads reaching up to run her fingers in their hair. Her eyes locked on to both men as they tugged her nipples so taunt between their teeth that the mounds of her breasts began rising.
"Shit! Shit! Shit!" She writhes moaning louder.
Then, the shrill sound of her cell rang beside her head. Eyes rolling and lids batting she turns her profile as the men slow up their attentiveness.
"Nooo! Please don't stop. I have to answer this. Keep going please."
Hesitant at first they shrug and continue.
She answers it with an exhilarated sigh, "Hi Baby. No I'm at the beach. Hear the surf?" She lightly moans.
Teeth tug at her nipples as hands continue to race around her.
"I'm laying here thinking about you. I'm so horny. If you hear me pant it's because I'm trying hard to play with myself and not get caught. I miss you too. Can I cum for you?"
Wes shakes his head and lowers his left hand to apply two fingers inside her pussy. Rolling and twisting them she moans louder.
"My fingers are buried inside my pussy." Her gaze glued and unblinking at Wes who returned the favor grinning. "I'm envisioning that they're yours. They feel so good."
Her legs bend at the knees and spread giving Wes room. In doing so Wes motions Greg and Miles to hold her ankles, spreading her even wider.
"There's a bunch of men playing volleyball near me. I think they know I'm playing with my pussy." She grins evilly at them. "Should I let them see my pussy, Baby?"
He nods for them to pull her legs back over her stomach. This gave Wes a view of her ass. He repositions to place his other hand down to finger fuck her ass and pussy at the same time.
"Holy shit!" Willa moans dramatically trying to keep a hold on her cell. "Yes. They see me. They stopped playing ball and are eying me. No, I won't stop. Even if they walk over here. Anything for you."
Miles begins to remove the sand from her toes in order to suck on them. She giggled at the ticklish of her toes.
Wes ravaged her holes with a fiercer motion causing her to quake and cum all over his knuckles. Her moans turned into light screams. This worried everyone. Somebody might notice. Her Man might get suspicious.
"OOOOOOO! OOOOOO! OOOOOOOO! GOD! OOOOOOOOOOOO!" She literally drops her phone as she orgasms. Her thoughts forget Nick on the cell for five minutes.
Wes slows his fingering and leans in to flick his tongue at her clit. He curls her pussy lips tighter and tighter until he locates her pearl then licks at it furiously.
Retrieving her cell in ecstasy she tries to continue her tale.
"They're coming over. Six of them. No, I won't stop even if they're standing right by me. Oh my God. I'm ready to cum. They're ten feet away."
Sean grins and speaks up, "Hey, that's one beautiful body you have there." Loud enough that Nick had heard him.
Willa quakes, "Th-th-thank you. They like my body Honey. Show them my pussy? Yes, I'll take my bikini off. Do you all want to see me naked?"
The guys chuckle and play along, "Sure! Awesome! Tell your caller thanks."
Moans return as her body spasms. Wes refuses to quit as Miles and Greg maintain her ankles.
"My bikini is off. I'm naked in front of them. Yes, they're all rubbing their crotches." Trying to talk under the mounting pressure was difficult, still her charade needed to continue.
"They're all kneeling around me. No, I'm not scared. No, no one has their dicks out. Yes, that would be nice. That's up to them. I'm here for you Honey. Oh my God! I'm going to-" She tenses up.
Willa rolls her eyes back into her head and silently vanishes from the world around her. She cannot hear Nick calling out to her.
In her convulsions she stutters, "F-f-f-fuck!"
Wes peers around him for trouble and spies nothing to prevent his boldest move yet.
He crawls between her legs and pulls his swimwear down enough to release his seven inch erection. He slaps his dick on her clit numerous times to hear her insanity closed up inside her.
"I'm going to fuck you Sara. Don't be mad at me." He whispers.
He slides his crown into her then begins thrusting deep. Her body shook like the San Andreas. There would be no stopping him. Even if she wanted him too.
As Wes slammed her hips Greg and Miles let him obtain both ankles. Freeing them up Greg kneeled to his side to grab her lost phone. Nick was still calling out for her. Greg placed the cell to the ear of Wes. Wes frowned dropping her left ankle to claim the cell, taking it from his ear. He then leaned over her heaving breasts still being squeezed by Zane and Justin.
"Tell me how badly you want me to fuck you Sara." Wes whispered.
She could barely think let alone speak, still she managed, "Fuck...fuck."
That he did for ten long minutes before pulling out to shower her with cum.
Zane then leaned over her ear and whispered, "Should we tell him what you've done?"
Her thoughts rambled, "No! Please. Yes. It doesn't matter."
"You want us all to fuck you, don't you." He tells her instead of asking.
"Y-y-y-yes!" She manages to reach for the cell as Wes takes the risk.
"B-baby? I came so very, very hard. I want you to fuck me again baby. Yes, Them. I want them to fuck me. Please!!"
She hears Nick ask, "Should Dorian save you?"
"No! I need you. All of you." In turn her eyes dart to each of them.
Zane jumps at the chance, "Keep watch." He whispers.
He then dropped to his knees where Wes had stood up to back away. Zane had his own trunks lowered within seconds. He struggles to roll her over but manages to hoist her into a doggy style position. A quick slap to her ass he pries her cheeks apart and spits on her hole. He then lines his six incher up to penetrate her ass. She had never before had full on anal. The pressure scared her into crying.
His hands gripped her ribs holding her steady.
The cell to her ear she whimpers, "I love his dick in my ass. Be careful baby. This is all new to me."
Zane didn't care. He pounded her until jiz frothed around the rim of her anus and his embedded cock.
The others chose to shy away and gave Zane fair warning that their human wall was coming down. He stood with trembling legs and pulled his trunks up.
Each of them leaned down and stroked her hair.
Before they could step away she rolls over to her side leaning up on an elbow.
"Master wants me to thank all of you. If you look toward the shops he's waving at you as we speak."
Each of them turn pale as he waves and holds his cell for them to see.
"Please don't be frightened. He ordered me to tease and play with you." She lays back and spreads her legs.
"I have permission to let the rest of you fuck me if you have condoms. I thank you all whatever your decision."
Wes sneers and takes her cell from her to speak, "What the hell, Dude? You could be her Dad. What? Well, yeah I loved her pussy. I'm healthy I swear. So is Zane. I vouch for him."
Wes nods and looks at her. He then leans over to claim her bikini.
"He told us to keep it."
She nods her affirmation.
Wes then looks down before clutching her towel and yanking it out from under her.
"Ours too. He said for you to walk proudly too him."
Hanging up Wes goes into her contacts and loads his name and number into her phone. He then texts himself with it before he tosses it at her.
"I'll text you. We're all going to fuck you under better circumstances. For what it's worth. You're a goddess."
She smiles warmly.
"I best return to Olympus then. Thank you Wes. Zane. All of you."
People immediately spotted the totally nude beauty walking toward Nick with her head held high.
Reaching him he waved at everyone regardless of their outbursts.
"Very good! We might just have to rewrite that chapter. Something was missing."
She bats her eyes at him.
"Can I eat now?"
"In the car. Live on my cum. The burgers here will put weight on that perfect body."
"Yummy!"
She walked without waver behind him all the way to his car.
Dorian's love was gourmet.