Libby looked at Ali and mentioned that she might be rather overdressed. Ali immediately peeled off her dress, which left much more of her revealed.
She was wearing a very low cut, black silk bra that showed the top of her areola and was in danger of exposing her nipples if she moved to quickly.
Ali adjusted her breasts with a quick shimmy and two rosy pert nipples did pop out over the top of the black lace. She shrugged and left them there for everyone to see.
Her smooth behind was on full view with only a tiny strip of material dividing her bum cheeks, the front, a tiny scrap of black sheer material. Her plump pussy lips clearly on view through the fabric.
Ali was wearing an old fashioned garter belt, holding up black stockings with a sexy seam going down the back, all finished off with the obligatory stripper style platform stilettoes.
She looked like a 1950's pinup girl, all curves and sassiness.
Libby gazed at her in admiration.
"You look absolutely edible." She said huskily.
"Well, you had better get a taste of me before those boys have their go." Ali replied saucily.
Libby reached down and took Ali's pink pointy nipples in her hands and rubbed them between her fingers. She leant down and took one gently between her teeth.
Ali squealed with delight, realising that Libby had forgotten that they were in a public walkway.
Totally absorbed with Ali's nips and forgetting where she was, Libby slid her hand between Ali's legs. It was then she found out that Ali's knickers were crotchless and contained even less material that anyone had thought.
"You sexy minx!" Libby exclaimed.
"You're soaking wet. I didn't realise you were such a showgirl. We are going to have a lot of fun tonight."
Malcom was looking decidedly uncomfortable, with a rather large bulge at the front of his trousers.
"Now, come on girls. We've set you up an area on the side of the stage. The band will be able to see you, but you will be out of the audiences' sightline. Jon doesn't want the crowd to see you. Band only."
He bustled them along the corridor. The two women were an exotic sight. Libby with her barely there dress and 'love' marks. Ali, practically naked, both of them groping and kissing each other. It was all Malcom could do to stop a Pied Piper trail of people following them.
They got to the area that had been set up for the fun time. There were a couple of luxurious sofas set behind a screen, someone had thoughtfully put out a large quantity of vodka and what looked like a generous amount of Columbia's finest export for their enjoyment.
Both of them decided to share one of the sofas. Libby wanted to explore the inside of Abi's non-existent knickers a bit more and Abi, having not been as involved in all the sex that had been going on was happy to be fondled and touched up.
Libby decided to warm Ali up for the boys and started to re-enact the car journey fun in reverse.
She sat Ali down, spread her legs wide and sprinkled a dusting of coke on her fanny. Libby started nibbling on Ali's sexy little boobs, then trailed her tongue all the way down Ali's soft tummy, landing on her luscious cunt.
Libby spread Ali's creamy lips apart and started lapping at her clit, bringing her fingers in to explore Ali's eager hole.
Ali was moaning and groaning, she had been so turned on licking Libby out earlier then seeing the blow job floorshow. Her clit was aching to be rubbed and relieved, but as Libby was getting into her rhythm she suddenly banged into Ali.
"Oh my God, I'm so sorry." Libby cried out.
It took her a second to realise what had happened.
Malcom had got so overexcited that he had tried to sneak into Libby's arse whilst she was busy satisfying Ali's snatch.
Second time of trying Malcom succeeded getting his not very big dick into Libby's already well lubricated bum hole.
Libby looked over her shoulder, quite pissed off that he had disrupted the fun she had been having licking Ali.
"What the actual Fuck Malcom? I don't recollect you being in the band. Did Jon say you were involved in the deal?"
Malcom didn't even notice she was speaking. He was too busy coming to a very quick and sad little climax. He pulled out of Libby's bum and tried to act all nonchalant.
"Sorry love, just couldn't resist. We've always been mates haven't we? What's a little arse between mates?"
He was trying to get his little slimy dick back into his trousers whilst talking to Libby
"Oh Fuck Off Malc. Just go and wash your dick and try not to get involved in grownups stuff. I hardly even felt you in there! So I wouldn't go bragging about what you've done."
Libby bent back down and proceeded to expertly bring Ali to a very explosive climax.
Malc scuttled off as both the girls lay back down, caressing each other.
"Might as well keep ourselves entertained until the boys get on stage." Laughed Libby.
They heard an enormous roar from the crowd and the boys strutted onto the stage. They made a show of gesturing to the audience, but left the girls in no doubt that they had seen them too.
Libby and Ali settled back to watch the band. It didn't matter how many times she had seen them play, Libby always got a huge thrill out of Jon performing. Within seconds he had the huge crowd eating out of the palm of his hand. They played a few songs then left Clint to perform a lengthy drum solo, which gave Billy and Bruce the guitarists a chance to have a go on the girls.
Maybe it was because they were wary of Jon, or, that her cunt was off limits, both boys went straight to Ali. Libby thought she should be offended, but was actually a little relieved.
Bruce flipped Ali over and discovered that her knickers made her juicy fanny very accessible. He plunged into her welcoming cunt with a shout of triumph.
Billy decided to make the most of Ali's mouth and slipped his very impressive cock between her eager lips.
Ali was in heaven, Libby was just about to grab herself another drink when Richie the keyboard player sidled up to her.
"I've always adored you." He muttered in a fan boy style.
"I couldn't believe it when Jon said you were up for anything. Would it be O.K. if I could eat your arse? You're so beautiful, that's all I'm worthy of."
Libby almost felt sorry for him, but realised that he had a dominatrix kink and to enable him to get any satisfaction out of the encounter she had to intimidate him. Libby told him to kneel down, then pushed him hard to the floor with her spiked shoes. She lifted his head up roughly by the hair.
"My arse is full of two different lots of cum. You had better clean out every drop with your tongue and make sure I cum as well. No hands!" She lay over the back of the sofa with her delicate skirt pushed up, she spread her legs wide.
"Get me a big drink first. I'll need something to do whilst you are cleaning me up." She snapped at Richie.
He jumped to it, poured her a massive slug of vodka, passed it to her, then positioned himself behind her and proceeded to eat her very cum filled arsehole out.
She didn't want Richie to know, but he was doing an amazing job. Pretending she was bored, she looked over at Ali who was having the best time.
Ali looked at Libby with a mouth full of cock and gave her a cheeky wink.
Bruce started to announce that he was cumming and motioned to Billy to join him. This was one of their party tricks that they had perfected over the years.
"Ready Billy? On the count of three."
Billy quickly asked Ali if she wanted him to cum in her mouth or on her tits. She pointed to her mouth, Ali had always love the taste of cum.
"Three!" Yelled Bruce, and in perfect synchronicity him and Billy filled Ali up from both ends. Just in time, as Jon sauntered from the stage to get them both back on.
He saw Libby looking bored and went to check if she was O.K.
"You alright darling? Looks like Ali was having all the fun. I don't want you to miss out. Actually has anyone seen Richie? He'll be on in a bit."
Libby chuckled and motioned behind her with the quickly diminishing glass of vodka. Jon peered around the sofa to see Richie in absolute bliss, nose deep in Libby's now less sticky arse.
"Good job there Richie." Jon grinned at him.
Richie looked up guiltily, but carried on with the job in hand.
"Hurry up mate, you're on in a bit."
Richie, his face covered in sorts of stickiness stayed where he was and told Jon that he had promised Libby that he would make her cum. Libby staying in dominatrix character, snarled at Richie.
"Get that tongue working, or you might as well fuck off! We haven't got all day
"Go on Richie, I'll help Libby out here, that keyboard isn't going to play itself."
Jon dragged Richie up and sent him on his way.
"Thank you so much Libby." Richie floated off with a dreamy smile on his very sticky face.
Jon looked at Libby and was a bit worried, her eyes looked glassy and she seemed very unsteady on her legs. He glanced over at Ali and she seemed to be quite contented flirting with one of the backing singers.
"Why don't you pop to the room and have a little rest love?" Jon asked Libby.
She gave herself a little shake and smiled. "I'll just pop to the loo. Don't worry about me. You've got a concert to finish." She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. "Go out and wow them, I'll see you in a bit."
Jon strutted back onto the stage and Libby staggered to the loo. She sank down on the loo seat grateful for a bit of peace, it had been full on for quite a while.
She was very surprised to hear giggling and what sounded like clothing being removed. Peering out of the cubicle door she was greeted by the sight of Big Mike one of the roadies having his dick sucked by a skinny teenage girl.