If you've read any of the other "The Birthday Suit Club" series you know how this all started. If not, then here is a brief recap. I was severely burned, including my face, as a child which lead to me becoming very reclusive as a teenager.
My sister, Gail, decided that I needed to have more social contacts. She caught me trying to overhear her telling a friend of hers about a recent episode wherein she flashed her boobies and decided that this was an opportunity she could use. She made a bargain with me to have some of her girlfriends from college come over and tell me their exposure stories in exchange for me letting them into my home.
This may not sound like much to you, but if you can try to imagine the looks of disgust or pity or revolt I've endured since the fire, you may be able to appreciate what it takes for a teenage boy to risk that kind of rejection from girls.
On my part I agreed with two conditions; one that the lights be kept low to minimize the risk of the girls' reactions, and two that I be allowed to write these stories down.
Gail agreed provided I ensured that the girls' identities be concealed. I accepted her condition. I record these stories and I try to write them in the girl's own words.
So here is Kelly's story. I turned 18 just before the annual Christmas shopping season, so I got a job working in the shipping department at one of the warehouses for a national chain of retail stores, never mind which one. There were about fifty people working there with most of them temporaries like me.
We had two permanent supervisors, Don and Doug, as well as the full time bookkeeper. Her name was Edith. Don came on duty when the warehouse opened at 5 AM. He worked till 1:30 in the afternoon. Doug came in about 1:00 to get up to speed on what was going on and then took over when Don left.
D and D as we called them, showed us how to run the equipment we used to unload and load the trucks that arrived at the warehouse. While Edith, who became a kind of surrogate mom for us temps, taught us all the forms we had to fill out so the information could be entered into her computer and inventory kept straight.
I was scheduled for the evening shift, but since I was trying to earn enough money to buy a car, I always came in early. D and D were always glad for the help because every day we got more and more stuff coming in and correspondingly more and more trucks going out. It seemed like no matter how fast we got there was always another truck waiting to be unloaded or loaded. We were constantly hustling to keep up.
Therefore I was doubtful the day D and D said that the evening before Christmas we'd be lucky to see more than one incoming truck and that there wouldn't be any outgoing. They had asked for a volunteer to work Christmas eve so they could be home with their families and since I wanted the money I volunteered.
As I had been told only one truck showed up and it was only partially loaded so I had it empty in a hurry. I signed his paperwork and watched him leave. Then I went back to Edith's office to enter the information in her computer.
When I finished and stepped out of the office someone grabbed me from behind. Before I knew what was happening he had my arms pinned behind my back. Someone else threw a bag over my head and between them they forced me back into the office and tied me to a chair. When they finished tying me up they removed the bag. By this time someone had turned Edith's desk lamp so that it was shining right in my eyes. I could barely make out their images, but I could see that there were four of them and that they were all wearing ski masks and dark clothing. One of them pulled out a roll of white tape and used it to gag me. Thinking back on it later I realized that not one of them had said a word.
Back to the story. They must have known what they were doing because one of them used Edith's computer to locate a shipment of the new toy that was all the rage that year. Even though I couldn't see from where I was tied in the chair I could hear them using the forklifts to load a truck.
When they finished they came back into the office. Apparently it had been hard work because Don had removed his ski mask and I instantly recognized him. He must have seen the look on my face because his hands flew up to his face. Dammit was all his said.
Then I was even more astounded when one of the others reached up and pulled her mask off. It was Edith. The other two then followed suit. As I had expected one them was Doug and the other was the truck driver who had made the delivery earlier.
The truck driver asked Edith what they were supposed to do now. She replied that they had to figure out a way to keep me quiet. Don asked if she thought they could buy my silence. The trucker startled me when he said they might have to make it permanent. Edith angrily replied that he should shut the fuck up.
She went on to say that money might work, but she had another idea. Then she lead them out of the office. About twenty minutes later they came back in. Don was holding a obviously new cell phone. It occurred to me that they probably had got it off one of the shelves.
Edith came over to me and told me that she thought I was so pretty that I ought to be in pictures. Then she instructed Don to take a couple of photos. When they examined the images Edith said that she was right, that I was very photogenic, but that she thought the pictures needed more of an edge.
Then she pulled a pair of scissors out of her desk drawer. I can tell you a lot of thoughts flashed through my mind, but what she did wasn't one of them. She reached up inside my pale yellow T-shirt and cut the straps of my bra, then she cut the band between the cups and pulled the tattered remains out.
My glance downward revealed the sight of my nipples pointedly making themselves conspicuous. Looking up I saw the men were captivated by the show. Don got ready to take another picture, but Edith told him to wait. Then she got the spray bottle she used to water the plants in the office and as I feared she completely soaked the front of my shirt.
The second the cold water hit my nipples they slammed erect. Then she had Don take the pictures. When she showed them to me I could see the humiliating display I was unavoidably flaunting.
Then she unfastened my jeans and pulled them down around my bound ankles. When she stepped back, Don took more pictures. When Edith came forward again I tried to beg her with my eyes to stop, but obviously she was getting caught up in the moment. She very carefully cut off the bottom of my T-shirt. Don didn't have to be told to take the pictures this time.
While Don was taking them Doug started to move forward, that is until Edith told him to back the fuck up. I don't know what kind of hold she had over him, but he instantly complied.
They all crowded around to show them to me. I saw myself; sitting there, my arms tied to the chair's arms, white tape covering my mouth, rock hard nipples poking out against the clinging, wet T-shirt that was so short almost the entire lower half of my breasts were hanging out the bottom.
Then I felt someone reach around from behind me and start to pull up the neckline of my shirt. The way the material of glued to my nipples and the fact that they were so hard made it feel like they were being pulled off. I jumped from the sensation, which lead to several results. The first was Edith grabbing the hand and jerking it away. The second result was that since the hand still had a grip on my shirt it was pulled completely up over my breasts. The third result was Don seized the chance to take more pictures of my now totally exposed breasts.
Edith was so busy berating the trucker who was the one who had taken hold of my T-shirt that Don had time to take easily a dozen pictures. When Edith came back over she quickly realized what had happened. With a kind of "what the hell" shrug, she cut off the rest of my shirt.
Then with a flash of inspiration she picked up a Santa Claus type hat laying on her desk and put it on my head. At which point she let Don continue. He must have taken a couple dozen pictures of me like that.
Edith in the meantime told the driver to take the load to the buyer and meet them back at the house later. I was the only one to see him snap a couple of the photos with his cell phone.
They took so many pictures I was beginning to think that this would go on forever. Edith came back over and cut off my sole remaining garment, my panties. Don took a batch of pictures of me like that.
Finally Edith called a halt. She came over to me and showed me several of the pictures. She pointed out that anyone who knew me would instantly recognize me despite the tape over my mouth. She went on to tell me that in exchange for my silence she would keep copies of the pictures from being mailed to everybody in town and in my school.
Additionally she would keep her boys, as she called them, from raping me, which the bulges in their pants were obviously showing that was a possibility. Looking back on it, I don't believe she would have let them, but at the time I wasn't going to risk it, so I nodded my agreement.
Whereupon she told me she was going to untie me and remove my gag, but that to prove my sincerity I had to pose for some new photos without the restraints and wearing nothing.
They took pictures of me being bounced around bare assed while running a forklift. Front and rear view photos of me leaning out the window between Edith's office and the warehouse. More photos of me sitting in the employee's break room reading the paper apparently unconcerned that I was totally nude. We went out to the chain link fenced area and with Doug directing me I posed first with my breasts pressed hard against the fence then turned and pushed my ass against it. They took pictures of me using the office manager's copier to make copies of my breasts. They got photos of me rubbing his pipe across my nipples.
While in the employee's break room I had to go to my locker and get out my uniform shirt which I hadn't been wearing since I had expected to be the only one working that night. Don took pictures of me leaning over from in front showing the shirt hanging down and my boobs visible as well as pictures from behind with my ass exposed. When they were done Edith took the cell phone and put it in her pocket.
When Edith was satisfied we returned to her office and they tied me back up, gagged me again, and this time blindfolded me. You see, while I had been posing for the new pictures Edith had explained that the robbery was sure to be discovered so this way she and the boys could slip away and when I was discovered I would have a convincing display to prove my innocence.
That's how it went. A couple of hours later the gate guard called to be relieved so he could use the bathroom and receiving no answer, had locked the gate and come looking.
When he found me he called the cops and was told not to touch anything. I tried to get him to cut me free, but with the gag all I got out were mumbles. From the sounds while we were waiting I'm sure he took pictures of me too.
When the police arrived they examined the ropes and stuff and from our description they realized that there was no way I could have tied myself up, much less totally naked. Their photographer took more pictures of me naked before they finally untied me and let me cover up.
I told them that I never got a look at the burglars, but that there had been more than one. Later the truck that had hauled off the toys was found empty. The company wanted me to stay on, but I declined citing fear of a reoccurrence. As far as I know no one was ever charged in the crime.
I don't know for sure whatever happened to the photos, but a couple of years later a friend of mine said he had seen a picture of a girl tied to a chair, with a white tape gag and wearing nothing but a pair of panties and a Santa Claus hat on the Internet and that she looked a lot like me.
Fortunately or unfortunately, he hadn't thought to copy it and couldn't remember where on the net it was located. However, it sounded a lot like the ones the trucker would have snapped as he left.