"Oh my God, you've got the cutest titties!"
I am not lying, they are titties and they are the cutest.
I have boobs. Nice firm handfuls even for the largest hands. The kind that makes sundresses pop: old men stare and young ones cum in their shorts.
Just this afternoon, on the boardwalk, a poor highschooler had his five minutes of questionable glory. All I had to do was shift them innocently to catch his attention, smile intently at him as I kept up conversation with my friends, give him some side boob as I picked up a club flyer off the pavement, and a sultry stare in the general direction of his crotch. Absentmindedly at first, the poor guy was rubbing himself on his forearms in front of a crowd eating soft serve ice cream and saltwater taffy. Frozen to the bench he sat on, a face filled with absolute misery as he came, right there, I walked away, sticking my tongue out at him over my shoulder.
Highschoolers are basic, I need more. As fortune has, it I am heading to college in the fall, college guys aren't all that much better, but they are better.
Megan is better still. She is the sweetest, she has smarts, and she is sexy as hell. Everybody loves Megan: big eyes framed by a blond curly bob, a wide smile that makes it impossible to hide her bubbly personality. She's tall, beautifully tanned, with toned muscles, a pert butt and the cutest titties.
She lets out an easy giggle as she brings her hands behind her back to untie her bikini top before she turns on the water. The house conveniently has a double outside shower. It's like Mr Mark and Miss Amy thought of everything, including horny house guests, when they built the place.
Reaching up to adjust the shower head, the top swings from her neck revealing the glory of her one-of-a-kind titties. She's lean, some might call her flat chested, but my God what she has is extraordinary: over sized areolas sit on top of the saucer sized breast like peanut butter cookies, with Hershey Kisses size nipples to top them off.
The attention, and a light breeze, makes the light red areolas puff up in front of me and turn darker. Transforming into strawberry shaped delights: plump fruit, sitting on a firm, but lean foundation. The tan line contrasting her milky white breasts from the rest of her nut-brown skin. Uncommonly long nipples, deeper still in color from the areolas playfully inviting attention.
"Can I kiss them?"
Megan gives me a deliberate nod and runs her hand down the side of my face as I lean in: gathering my hair in her fist, wringing it out: salt water dripping on to her puffy breasts.
Lowering my head, I take her nipple in my mouth, suckling on the delightful fruit, playfully running my tongue around the nipple and sucking the strawberry shaped wonder into my mouth. Her shivering response is immediate, and strong.
Fully aware they are "erogenous zones", I didn't know breasts could be THAT sensitive, until Megan. I like having mine fondled and sucked as much as the next girl, and my boobs certainly do the trick getting a boy hot and bothered. Digging her her nails into my back, her reaction surprises me as she is is almost bucking in pre-orgasmic spasms and lets out high pitched "easy!".
I have been known to go fast. 'Horny as hell', some say. I know what I like, and how to get there. The problem with boys is that once he gets there it's over, and all we have is a mess to clean up; sometimes even before cocks are out, and I am not even halfway there.
I let go of the breast with a pop. Still leaning over, lightly kissing the beautifully protruding titty, Megan unclasps my polka-dot tube top, and my boobs bounce as the top drops to the ground. You always want what you don't have: from above she grabs and cradles my breasts, my skittles-sized nipples immediately turn hard from her touch, as I continue nibbling on hers: licking the delightful shape tasting of salt water and summer. I suck her nipple one final time, before I reach my neck up to kiss her, and she giggles playfully as we embrace.
The door to the shower stall rattles. "Let me in you guys," it's Emily: "sounds like you have entirely too much fun!" We laugh and unlatch the door to let her in. Em is the reason we're at the beach this week, it's her - well, her parent's - house. I have known Emily since forever: our moms met in toddler group at the library. Our dads plays soccer together in the old-guys league.
Em is literally the queen of everything. Somehow she pulls off a best friend rapport with just about everyone. Not just homecoming queen: she was class president, volleyball, swim team and tennis captain, voted "most popular" in the yearbook. She's heading to an Ivy League college and greatness, whatever she ends up doing. It's super easy to be jealous of her, particularly as it seems like having all this handed to her hasn't gone to her head: such an easy personality, maybe a little needy, if you know what I mean.
Oh, she's pretty too, possibly in a more conventional way than Megan. As she closes the door behind her, she looks at our state of undress, smiles and and decides to join in. Pulling her bottoms down confirms she is not a natural blonde. Shooting her chest forward to untie the top reveals what some may call a sloppy set of boobs, they swing heavily as she pulls the top off and she approaches us pulling us all together in a girly embrace.
"Three's a party," Em says with a twinkle in her eyes: "We should do this more often."
"Every day the rest of the summer," I say, water running from the two shower heads above splashing down to our delight.
"Everyday for the rest of our lives," Megan smiles - ever the romantic. We soap up and wash our hair, giggling and jostling all the way.
Sweet and giggly is my favorite, in girls. The sweet part is genuine, and makes it super easy to be friends, but I'd have to say Emily's sweetness comes across a little shallow. That Megan has a darker side makes her all the more attractive to me. In a drunken moment last night she admitted to having 'daddy issues'. "What, like your dad is mean to you?" I asked.
"No," was her answer: "I just crush really hard on them, all of them, silly!" She smiled, and with a wicked grin, continued: "there was lots of sex in high school, but so much BAD sex. I don't know about you, but I checked out of high-school sex my sophomore year." We were pretty stunned that she managed to pull off landing a college boyfriend back then, "but college sex has its limitations too."
"But the questions is, did you crush on my dad?" Emily blurted out. In our drunken conversation we had already covered Mr Mark: Forgetting that he was Emily's dad for moment, I got a huge response from the girls for my story of seeing him naked that morning.
"All of them! I've been crushing in HIM for years," Megan smiles her cutesy smile: "he's a rock, funny, kind and generous".
"Rock hard, you mean?" someone in the group quips. Eyes on me.
"I don't know what to say," I retort: "he was big, but he wasn't hard. Give me a break, I can't tell you guys anything anymore!"
He was enormous, and I am devastatingly embarrassed.
We put towels on and fall out of the shower stall, still giggling. Hanging our bikinis on pegs by the door we go inside to get changed. Her mom calls Emily upstairs, Megan and I continue on to our room.
"We're going to have to have him," I say as I sit down on the bed: "Mark!"
"But how? He's busy hosting and being man of the house and all that," she does her sad eyes thing: "and Miss Amy seems to always be a bit more than a handful for him anyways." She drops the towel and I salivate as she bends over at the hip rumbling through the dresser drawer. Such a sharp little ass, the rear end view of her pussy is almost overwhelmingly beautiful: feet apart, wiggling her tail, clearly for my benefit: An irresistible bud, delicate inner lips protruding past juicy fat outer lips.
I drop on my knees behind her, grab her hips and plant a kiss on her right butt cheek, she giggles and wiggles in response. I pull her ass checks apart and kiss her ass bud lightly. Holding on to the dresser for balance, she instinctively pull away. I pull her back towards me, and feel her bud contracting around the tip of my tongue as I probe a little deeper.
"Ohmygod!" She turns around and pulls me up to face her. "Do you see how easy it is to be a tease, and I am not even a tease..." she smiles, kisses me, nibbling on my tongue: "Ohgodyes!" Her cutesy smile has turned devious, something I didn't think she had in her: "Let's show him what we've got. We're laying out in front of him all the time anyways, we might as well turn up the heat a little, see if we can't get a response!"
I grab her head and dive in for a deep probing kiss. She's so soft and supple responding to my exploration: the most delicious taste as she patiently let me explore her face and tongue. I hold her head and lock eyes: "Wicked!" Her big eyes turn away shyly and the smile turns embarrassed. It's like she's been working on this plan for a long time, burning for a way to share it.
"It's a brilliant evil scheme. I love it!" I smile as I think it through: "We can get Brianna to lead a yoga session on the beach, if we invite Miss Amy to join us I bet he'll come watch, if not even join."
"Not very subtle, but a great plan," Megan nods enthusiastically: "Getting some stretches in will do us all good." She crouches over to pull her panties on. I catch a view of her beautiful bald pussy before the waistband snaps in place. She pulls the strings up on her hips stretching the fabric over her mound: "Do you think he likes a decent camel toe?"
"Irresistible," I respond as I run my finger the length of her crotch. "Oh God. Are you always so wet!"
"Only around you," she laughs and kisses my finger, tasting her wetness: "Let's get dressed and put our plan into action." She pulls a dress over her head, it's itsy-bitsy and oh-so-cute. She is stunning and can effortlessly pull off any piece of clothing like a model. Her legs seem to go on forever, and as she bends over again for me the panty back panel stretches across those rock hard ass cheeks.
I smack her bottom, and still undressed, I fall back on the bed in utter delight. Pulling my legs back for her my demand is simple: "Eat me!" She complies. Kneeling in front of the bed she dives head first between my legs. Hungrily licking my soaking wet pussy, I moan as she runs her tongue the length of my crotch from my ass all the way to my clit splitting my pussy lips down the middle, producing more juice for her to continue to lap up.
Her soft lips and tongue is pure magic. I squeal in delight as her blond head bobs between my legs." You taste divine babes," she raises her head and smiles, I look down at her face, titter and pull her back to my crotch.
"Make me cum!" I clench my fists as she sucks on my clit. Deliberately stroking me and pushing two fingers inside me. She starts licking my clit lightly as she probes for my g-spot. "Oh, my Lord!" She found it.
Rhythmically pushing against the most erogenous spot on my body, she is in complete control of me I start heaving with her rhythm leaning into her magic fingers with my pelvis. "Oh God, you are a sex goddess" she exclaims as she dives in for the finale.
As the fluttering on my clit continues she slows down her finger motion and pets my g-spot more heavily. I yelp as she switches back to sucking my clit, then intermittently licking it to balance my incredible high and keeping me right there, at the cusp of outmost delight.
She looks up at me from her position deep in my croch and gestures for me to pull my legs back as she steadily increase the pulsating stimulation of my g-spot. Easing the stimulation of my clit, allows me to live into the the insane emotions starting to run through my body radiating from this mysterious spot that so far none of my male partners has been able to locate.
"Oh God Megan, you SO get me," I give her my most adoring eyeful as I slowly melt deeper into myself. Time has stood still, but the orgasm, powerfully building from my abdomen, has reached the extremities of my body, and is now swelling back to my core. I am completely powerless against the tsunami of emotions washing over me as I explode in orgasmic pleasure.
Manipulating my g-spot and clit in turn Megan nurses the sensation, and helps me sustain riding the wave as it rolls over me, again and again. Losing control over my body to another person like this is intimidating but so incredibly sexy.
She senses I am worn out, and gently helps me down from this incredible high. Moving next to me on the bed she flutters her fingers lightly over my clit as she pulls her face close to my mine. Giving me butterfly kisses, rubbing noses and gently kissing me. "You are a goddess," she whispers in my ear.
I still spasm as I lay there next to her, allowing the sensation to sink into me, letting my body retain this memory of absolute bliss. Kneeling next to me, Megan runs her fingers the length of my torso. Dwelling briefly at my belly button, then my breasts. It feels comforting to have her cup my boobs. "Oh Soph, you are so sexy."
She brushes my hair to the side, laughing: "You are an adorable mess!" Kissing me more intently she runs her fingers back down towards my pussy. I keep a tidily shaved mound, she twirls her fingers in the curls: "I bet Mark would like a blond landing strip," she giggles: "having it accidentally show over the waistband of your bikini bottoms would be incredibly sexy."
She kisses my boob and looks up at me. "Nipple slips," I say as the loose sundress leaves the cutest titties on display.
"You'll be in charge of those," she giggles as she shyly cross her arms across her chest before leaning down to suck my nipple softly: "that, and bikini top adjustments. Essentially, you are on boob duty."
"Well, as long as you are on titty duty that's alright with me," I answer: "You are the only one here that can get away with going braless in a sundress like that." I stroke the front panel of her dress, and feel her nipple transform through the sheer fabric.
"We've got ourselves a nice fantasy." Megan smiles an intimidated smile: "Very nice!"
"Well, then we are in agreement, we will work together, and we will share his enormous cock." I give her a naughty smile as I get off the bed.