Regarding the Category: While it starts as Exhibitionist, only the first bit is... it quickly changes to BDSM. And there is no editor, so all errors are mine.
Mistress instructed me to post this, so I hope you enjoy the read!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Before I got on 64W, heading home after a week in Virginia Beach, I read Mistress's morning email about how exciting it would be if I showed my legs to the truckers as they cruised by, and to top it off, Her mentioning showing off my pussy! Well, easier said than done, I thought.
I wasn't on the road longer than half an hour before my views of the calm, cold waters of the Chesapeake Bay turned to thoughts of Master and Mistress being together back home. I envisioned I was watching Them, on my knees, my wrists bound behind me, my pussy growing wet and aching for the same fingers pleasing Mistress to the point of Her screaming as she orgasmed, which we both have shared at His hand.
So once the road straightened, I pulled the hem of the dress up just to the above my crotch; I knew the truckers wouldn't be able to see anything anyway. Slowly, I ran my fingernails up and down my thighs, close to my pussy without touching any part of it. Immediately, and as always, the goose bumps quickly appeared.
Looking around, I was disappointed there were no truckers around yet, so I just kept imagining Master tormenting Mistress as She lay tied to the bed and blindfolded, the tip of the vibrator resting on Her clit as she struggled to free Herself...
With that, I wanted to feel more,neededto feel more. I could feel the moisture between my legs and butterflies fluttered in my stomach from how daring I was being, how naughty, how slutty.
A few minutes later, I ventured to my clit but found it dry. It wasn't that was wasn't turned on - I definitely was - but I wasn't in the right position to explore my cunt. Regardless, with one hand on the wheel, I pushed my hand down further to my pussy, happy to find it wet. However, the position just wasn't going to work being that I couldn't gain full access to my goods. So, I put my left foot on the dashboard by the door and tried to relax as much as I could, continuing to gather moisture from my pussy.
With a sly grin, I dipped my finger in as far as I could, softly moaning as it easily entered until it was wet enough and I couldn't take it anymore. I slid my finger up to my clit - my then swollen, aching nub. Circling my finger around the base, I slowly added pressure until it felt just right.
Looking at the road ahead of me - safety being key, of course - I noticed a truck coming up in the right lane. I shivered with exhilaration at the thrill of having the driver peer down on me and watching me through the opened sunroof. I set the cruise control and continued to pleasure myself, imagining Master and Mistress whispering encouraging thoughts to me as my orgasm came closer and closer.
Seeing the cab of the truck directly alongside my car, a soft whimper escaped my lips as I grazed my one 'joy spot' on the right of my clit. Totally aware of where he was, I used the end of my finger and flicked my clit, slowly at first, until my cries of pleasure echoed back to me.
I tried to hold my orgasm back when the cab was right by my window, wondering if anyone was looking down and enjoying the view, possibly even holding his own cock in his hand. When he didn't accelerate and remained where he was, IknewI was being watched.
Putting my head on the head rest, eyes still on the road, I cried out loud and came hard, not even holding back my orgasm face.
A moment later, as the orgasm faded, my breath fast and heavy, I had to slow down as the car in front of me was going slower than I was. The truck continued ahead of me, and I waited a few minutes before I purposely sped up and passed the same truck.
Still wondering if he actually had seen my Dirty Driving, my answer was soon given when I saw the trucker flashing his lights. Grinning wickedly, I stuck my hand out of the sun roof and gave him a thumbs up!
Of course I thanked Mistress and Master - although, now that I think about it, She hadn't given me permission. Well, shit. Add another punishment.
Pushing that thought of fear aside, about ten minutes down the road, no longer keeping the trucker in my rear view mirror, I had to use the bathroom badly. Luckily there was a Flying J's, an East coast gas station that also served truckers by a clothes washer and drying and showers so they could clean up.
Rushing inside the ladies room, I quickly peed and cleaned myself up, but found my clit was still sensitive and I was still fucking horny! I thought about getting myself off again, but I still had traffic in Fredericksburg to deal with and I wanted to get back on the road.
Back outside, I stood in the drinks section debating whether to get the healthy choice of water or something sweet and highly caloric. Grabbing a SunKist, I turned and ran into a brick wall.
That brick wall turned out to be a 6'2" man with chocolate brown hair, big, soulful blue eyes wearing a smile that would wake the dead. His tight chest was the brick wall, and fortunately I didn't break my nose as I collided with it. He didn't smell bad, but by the condition of his wrinkled shirt and dirty jeans he was in need of a good, long shower. Besides, if he cleaned up a bit, I would definitely proposition him for some fun in his...
"Whoah, there," he said, his big, strong hands holding my elbows so I wouldn't ricochet off the wall. Only then did I notice a duffle bag on the floor beside him.
It was several seconds before his words even registered in my brain, being that I was so mesmerized by his intense glare. "Oh, my god! I am sooo sorry!! I was -"
His laugh was warm and inviting, and for some odd reason I felt less of an idiot. "I might need only a few stitches, so no harm done."
My eyes flew open. Maybe it was the car key I was holding that accidentally stabbed him in my surprise. "Wha'?!" I gasped, looking over his neck and chest for any seeping blood.
"Sorry, I'm teasing you. Can I buy that for you?" The more he spoke, the more I noticed how deep and sexy his voice was.
I wasn't accustomed to men drying me drinks, not in a bar or in a gas station. "Thanks, but no. I got it."
His smile suddenly turned into a very mischievous grin. "That you do, I must say," he purred.
Aside from being bought a drink, I also wasn't used to being flirted with, especially in such a brazen manner.
"Well, I have to get on the road," I started, but he didn't move out of my way.
"That was quite a show you put on."
I frowned, wondering what the hell he was talking about when it dawned on me: He must be the trucker that watched me masturbate! My cheeks burned, and I wanted to jump into the soda cooler, not from the heat but to hide from him.
"Oh, um, yeah, well," I stuttered, not sure what the fuck to say.
He smiled again, which set me back at ease just a bit. "Have you eaten lunch?" he asked.
"No, I haven't. I was going to stop by Cracker Barrel in Ashland." I don't know why I answered him, but I just stood there instead of running off screaming like a frightened little girl.
"Oh, what a shame. I've been driving all morning, and I could use the company, after I shower first. I was raised with manners, after all."
"That's a nice offer, but I don't think so."
Besides, Mistress would never allow it. I was Hers, and she wouldn't even consider sharing me, other than with Master.
"Tell you what," he said. "I'm going to go take a shower. When I'm done, I'll look for you in Denny's. If I don't see you, I'll know you went on your way. If you're there, we'll have lunch. I look much better once I'm all cleaned up, I promise."
You don't look so bad now.Well, would it hurt to ask Mistress? All she could say was no. I've heard no more than once. I was certain I would hear it again.
I nodded but still couldn't move.
"I'm Joe Keplar. What's your name?" he asked.
"Jeannie Almy." Sure, it wasn't my last name, but I wasn't about to give it to him.
"Well, Jeannie, I really hope to see you again," he said, putting out his hand.
Switching my wallet to my other hand, I put my hand in his, and it immediately got lost. It was warm, too, almost like a wire that went straight to my pussy.
"We'll see," I finally mumbled and walked away.
Paying for my soda, feeling more like a moron minute by minute when I couldn't count out the right change, I went outside, lit a cigarette with a very shaky hand and called Mistress to ask for Her permission; Master was out of town and in a business meeting, so I couldn't call Him. Unfortunately, I got Her voice mail, but I still left a message for Her to call me, that a man invited me to lunch and I needed Her permission.
Going back and forth in my mind whether I should go in the restaurant and wait for Her call, and ultimately Joe, I finished the cigarette determined not to let this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to have lunch with a man - a man that actually asked me, and a man that watched me masturbate.
I waited another ten minutes before I went back into the restaurant and scooted into the booth, making sure the hem of my skirt wouldn't expose my sex to him. I ordered cheese sticks, a little upset I didn't think to ask Joe what he would have wanted to drink. But then again, at the time I was leaning toward running to my car and leaving, racing out of the parking lot, leaving tire marks on the pavement.
Fifteen minutes later, I was just finishing my third stick when Joe approached the table. "I'm glad you decided to stay. May I sit?"
Almost choking, I managed to nod to tell him he could. He was right, too. Now that he was showered, his hair still damp, he did look much better. He was wearing a blue and gray checkered shirt with blue jeans...tightjeans. He even shaved his scraggly, two-day old beard, which made his smile seem even bigger and warmer.
After the waitress left with his drink order, I told him, "I'm waiting for..." I couldn't outright tell him it was Mistress to get her approval, but what the fuck difference did it make? It was lunch and only lunch. I couldn't get pregnant or catch any STDs from having lunch with a stranger.
"I'm waiting for my Mistress to call with her permission to have lunch, so I might not be able to stay," I blurted out.
His right eyebrow rose curiously. "Mistress? You're a lesbian?"
I smiled nervously. "No, no, but I am bi." Before I could stop myself, I told him I was Mistress's sub and that we are both subs to Master.
"Hmm. Interesting. I used to dabble in D/s back in my younger days, as a Dom."
If I didn't have butterflies before he showed up, his confession certainly made them flit in a fury then. Luckily the waitress brought his drink, but I told her we'd need a minute before we ordered, only so that it would give me a few more minutes for Mistress to call.
After she left, Joe leaned forward and whispered, "So, I have to ask: Did you come when you masturbated?"
Again my cheeks flushed, and I wasn't going to answer him. It was none of his business. So I stuffed another cheese stick in my mouth to keep me from rambling again, like I do when I'm backed in a corner or extremely nervous.
Thankfully, my cell phone rang. It was Mistress. At this point, though, I was ready to walk out the door and never give meeting Joe a second thought.
"Hello, Mistress," I answered.
I was beginning to slip out of the booth when Joe gently grabbed my wrist and mouthed,Stay, please.
The loneliness in his eyes made me cave in and relax. "Mistress, I called because I wanted to know if I... I was, um, playing with myself and a trucker was watching, and I'm sitting with him now. He invited me to lunch, and I want to ask if it would be okay."
"Well," she replied, her strong, sexy Australian accent made the butterflies practically fly out of my throat. "It wouldn't hurt, I suppose. Do you only want to have lunch with him?"
Again I blushed and tried to avoid Joe's eyes, which I could feel searing directly into me. Hesitantly, I replied, "No, Ma'am. You know about the... you know."
"I see. You want to fuck him, my pet?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Oh, you are my dirty little girl, aren't you?" She never gave me a chance to answer Her. "He is there with you now?"
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Give him your phone," she ordered.
Again, I had no choice in the matter. I handed Joe my phone and took a long pull of the SunKist, thinking it would wake me up from this obvious wet dream I was having. It didn't work. It should have been Whisky.
"Hello... yes, Margaret... My name is Joe Keplar. I work for Miller Shipping... She was definitely hot, and she's a very beautiful woman..."
There was a long pause, and I squirmed uncomfortably, hating not knowing what Mistress was saying to Joe.
Giving me a wicked grin, he told her, "I would love to. I'll take good care of her."
He didn't end the call but handed me the phone. "Yes, Mistress?"
"Pet, I give you permission to have lunch with him and allow him to pay. As a thank you, you will fuck him in his cab."
I wanted to protest, scream into the phone that She was crazy! But that would surely be the death of me if I ever disrespected Her in such a manner, so I bit my tongue. I had to be honest with myself, my pussy was dripping wet.
"Yes, Mistress," I croaked, avoiding my eyes with Joe again.
"Get My collar and wear it to remind yourself you are still Mine. Do you understand?"
I swallowed hard. "Yes, Mistress. It's in my purse."
"You will listen to all of his instructions. I will call you shortly. You may not come until I command you to. Do you understand?"
I hate when She holds back my orgasms. With Master, He'd make me come over and over and over again, never allowing me to stop to catch my breath. With Mistress, I was learning She had to have complete control over everything that my body did. I gave them to Her willingly and happily.
"Yes, Mistress. I understand."
"Good. Do you trust me, little one?"
"Yes, Ma'am."
With me, as it was for Master, trust was a very difficult issue for me to deal with at first. Thankfully, They were both patient and understanding, and it became natural and easy to trust Them.
"Good. Enjoy yourself."
Before I could say anything else, She hung up. Still avoiding Joe's stare, the waitress returned, and we quickly gave her our lunch orders.
When she left, he said, "She has a very sexy accent, doesn't she?" I nodded anxiously. "So, she's given you permission to eat with me. She's made my day."
I couldn't think of anything to say to that.
"Jeannie, look at me," he said.
No one ever talked to me like that, much less order me around, but Mistress and Master. I had to build up my courage to look at him. Reaching across the table, he took my hand again and held it.
"I'm not going to hurt you. I want you just as badly as you want me. I will be honest with you. I've never picked up a woman and had sex with her in my cab. But it has been a fantasy of mine since I started trucking."
I was embarrassed as hell, that was for sure. Again, I couldn't think of a damned thing to say.
Once the food came and we started to eat, we talked quite a bit, him more so. He was 36 and from New Jersey, though he seemed to have lost his accent. He'd been trucking since he was 21, found the traffic aggravating, but the driving itself was a way for him to find the meaning of life. He had yet to find it, though.
He and his sub married when they were just 19, but she'd cheated on him while they were in college. They divorced by the time he was 25, and he'd been trucking ever since.
Overall, as the discussion carried on, I was slowly beginning to like him, and I couldn't bear to look away from the intensity in his eyes.
"So, tell me, have you ever gotten in a car accident while driving and masturbating?" he asked flirtatiously.
I had just taken the last swallow of the SunKist, and this time Ididchoke on it. Hitting my collarbone, like that would clear it, I squeaked, "I've done it once before, but it was late at night and no other car was around me to watch."
"Do you like to be watched, Jeannie?"
At this point, I'd totally lost my inhibitions, and it didn't matter what he did or did not know about me. "Yeah, I do. On a website I'd turn the camera on and masturbate for them. I never had more than 50 in the room at the same time, though. And then you'd have morons that would tell me what to do. I'd think, 'Hey, I was doing it for me, not you, you assholes.'" I laughed.
"One man, and only one man, I watched him while he... stroked his cock and I played with my... clit. Right after he came he ordered me to come, and I did, hard. He was shocked I'd actually come when he told me to. It was... exciting as fucking hell."
He laughed. "I bet it was. Do you automatically come when told to?"
I nodded. "After four years with Master, I come every time He tells me."
"But I can't tell you when to come?"
I shook my head. "No. Only Mistress."
He leaned forward and whispered, "So, I can tease your body and torment you any way I want, and you will not come?"
Again, I shook my head. I knew it was impossible not to come, depending on what his definition of 'torture' was.
He looked away briefly, just as the waitress came by to check on us. We'd finished eating, so he asked for the check.
After she walked away with the money, Joe asked, "Jeannie, are you ready to go?"
My mind went in a million directions. I shook my head and said yes at the same time.
In response, he shook his head and said seriously, "No, Jeannie. I want to hear you say you want me, that you want to fuck me. We won't do this if you don't want to."
Now was the moment of truth. Yes, I wanted to fuck him, but this was so against everything I believed in. I also had to remember that I had to trust Mistress, and if she thought Joe was safe, then I'd have to trust her... and Joe.
"I... I do want to fuck you, Joe."
He smiled, slipped out of the booth and reached out for my hand. Taking it, I hated that my hand was shaking, but it wasn't from nerves. I was so ready, horny and wet that I was afraid I'd left a spot on the bench, not to mention a wet spot in the back of my dress.
Putting his hand in the small of my back, he led me out of the restaurant and into the noon-time sun. I prayed he had A/C in his cab, then I prayed he had condoms. When I asked him, he reassured me the A/C worked properly, and that he'd bought condoms before he joined me in the restaurant. That made me relax a lot.
Approaching his truck, he got up on the two steps leading to the driver's door, unlocked and opened the door, then stood beside me again. "Ladies first."
Knowing exactly what he was up to - waiting for the view of my ass as I climbed inside - I gave him the show he wanted, comforted in knowing Mistress allowed me to be with him.
As gracefully as I could, I took hold of the bars and pulled myself up, at the same time looking where my next step would be. The thing was, he never laid a hand on me, but I knew he had to be looking up the dress. That alone made my pussy tingle, and then the thought occurred to me that I was probably dripping down my legs from being so fucking wet.
"Head between the seats to the cab." His voice was right behind me, and my heart fluttered knowing that we were actually doing this.
I jumped a little when the door closed behind him, but a light in the cab came on so I could see where I was going. My mouth dropped a little when I looked around the space, which was no higher than six feet. Everything was gray, from the walls to the blanket on the twin-sized mattress of the daybed and the plentiful small cabinets over it, even a small sink and fridge, but it still had style and it wasn't drab at all. There was a TV in the corner adjacent to a small table. "Make yourself comfortable, Jeannie," he said.
As I sat on the daybed, I told him, "Wow! It's much nice than I ever pictured them."
"Thank you. I did the work myself," he replied as he sat down beside me.
"It's great, really. It almost feels like camping."
He smiled. "That's what I thought too."
Looking at him nervously, I wasn't sure exactly what to do at this point. "Jeannie, "There's no need to be nervous. I want you to relax and enjoy this."
I hadn't realized I was so easy to read.
"I will ask you one last time: Is this something you really want?"
With the tone of his voice, he sent me instantly into submissive mode, but I felt like I was being a traitor to Mistress. But She had, after all, given Her okay, and this was something I really, really wanted to do.
His laughter caught me off guard. "Good. I'm glad to hear you want this as badly as I do."
I looked at him dumbfounded, not even realizing I'd said the last part out loud.
"I do not want you to feel you are betraying your Master and Mistress, so I do not expect you to address me with any title. But I do, however, expect you to listen to me and follow my instructions. Your Mistress wants this for you, as well. Do you agree?"
"Yes, Sir. I do."
"Good. Not even a sir. You may call me Joe. What is your safe word?"
"With Mistress and Master, it's asparagus. But I'd rather use... um, spinach with you."
He smiled. "Fine. Put your Mistress's collar on."
I stumbled in my purse for the collar and put it on. As always, my nipples erupted from anticipation of what we were about to do, and the knowledge that I still belonged to Mistress.
"Remove your sandals and stand before me."
Gathering as much courage as I could, I kicked my shoes off and stood in front of him, not really sure what to do with my hands. Considering I was to give him the respect of a Dom, I put my hands in the small of my back, spread my feet hip-width apart and bowed my head.
Scooting to the edge of the daybed, he leaned forward and ran his hands from my calves to the back of my thighs, then up and under my dress to my ass cheeks. The hem rested on his forearms, so he kept raising his arms until the dress was over my head. Pulling it off, he threw it to the floor and looked over my body with a crooked grin. This time I kept my arms beside me.
"No bra?" he asked as his hands explored my stomach down to the outside of my thighs.
"No. Master doesn't like me to wear them."
"Good man. Your tits are exquisite."
He cupped my breasts in his huge hands but didn't pinch my nipples. Having the contact felt good, and I wanted so much more - patience isn't one of my strongest traits. He finally ran his thumbs over them, making them perk up more than they were before I even got in the cab.
"No undies?" he asked as his hands moved to my hips and caressed my skin.
I shook my head. "Mistress won't allow me to wear them."
"Good woman. How wet are you?"
My words caught in the back of my throat.
"Let me find out for myself. Put your left foot on the bed, over my thigh."
Hell! I knew if I did that I would surely leave a puddle at my feet. But I did as he said, exposing my pussy and giving him easy access. Excruciatingly slowly, he ran his left hand up my thigh until his fingertips grazed against my cunt.
"Fuck. You are sopping wet."
Nodding like an idiot, I held my breath as he skimmed the pad of his finger over my pussy until it silkily slid up to my clit between the folds of my lips. Circling at the base, my knees buckled under the intense sensation, and I could feel my clit throb.
Moaning softly, I whispered, "Suck my nipple, please."
He looked up at me with a sly grin. "Bossy, aren't you?"
He then attacked my nipple, and at the same time he inserted his fingers inside me and hooked his fingers directly over my g-spot. My body, like a magnet, was drawn to him, and I put my hand on his shoulder. In response, he growled and bit the hard nub with his teeth, pulling back a little until there was a 'pop' from his lips.
"Hmmph. Fuck. Oh, fuck! Don'... don't! You're going to make me... hmmphgh... come!" I whined, holding my breath, as if that would hold back my orgasm.
He kept his fingers still, tilted his head back and planted the hottest, heaviest kiss on my lips, his tongue trailing along my bottom lip. Our lips flittered together, his tongue circling the tip of mine. Being so close to him now, I reached down and grabbed his cock through his jeans, pressing up and down a few times until he grunted.
Our lips parted, and his lips skirted over my jaw to my neck; I eagerly angled my head to the right to give him better access. I shivered, but I wasn't cold. His warm, moist lips felt so good on my skin. He then kissed me between my breasts to my stomach, and I sighed heavily.
At this point, I cursed out Mistress in my head for taking her sweet time in calling me with permission to come. I wouldn't last another minute!
"Lie on the bed,bitch," he snarled.
Normally, I hate that word, but when I'm in the right frame of mind, as I was then, it always makes my pussy tingle with excitement.
As he stood up, I sat on the daybed - my arms behind me, which accentuated my breasts, my knees parted - and watched him as he swiftly unbuttoned his shirt. He had a nice chest, just a little hair, and not overly tight muscles. Throwing the shirt on the table, he quickly unbuttoned the jeans, and in one hasty motion, pulled them down, along with his tightie-whities. Stepping out of them and pushing them aside, it took all I had to keep my mouth closed. He was a good seven inches and very thick.
"Lie down," he said.
I laid down on my back and put my right foot flat on the mattress and spread my legs, leaving my left leg straight.
"I need that hot mouth of yours around my cock."
I grinned bashfully as he came closer. When he was within reach, I took his cock in my hand and ran it up and down his shaft a few times before I opened my mouth to take him. Gratefully, he didn't ram his cock in my mouth but allowed me to take him slowly and as deeply as I could.
He groaned then ran his fingers through my hair over my forehead to the back of my head, where he intertwined his fingers through my short, cropped hair. "That feels amazing, Jeannie. Hmm, yes, that's it. Look at me."
With just my eyes, I peered up at him and trembled by his expression. It was so full of lust that I took his head to the very back of my throat. He groaned again and ran his flattened hand over my crotch, his middle finger flicking my clit. I moaned at how good it felt, but I knew I would come at any minute. Working his cock over really well, I fucked his cock until I tasted his pre-cum in my mouth.
Gratefully, my phone finally rang. "Don't stop. Keep doing what you're doing."
He picked up the phone and read the name. "It's your Mistress." Clicking a button, he answered, "Hello, Margaret." He paused. "She has her lips wrapped around my cock at the moment... Oh, she definitely feels good. She knows how to handle my dick very well... No, she hasn't come... Alright."
He pressed another button then set it on the table. "Jeannie, can you hear Me?" Mistress asked.
"Hmm hmmph," I replied, keeping Joe's dick in my mouth.
"How close are you?"
Unfortunately, I had to slip his cock out of my mouth to answer Her. "I'm very close, Mistress," I told Her breathlessly.
"That she is. She is dripping wet," Joe said.
"Oh, you've seennothingyet. I suggest you put a towel underneath her ass, then will you eat her out for me?"
He looked over my face then grinned. "I would love to."
He hesitated a moment then set the phone beside my hip so Mistress could hear us, grabbed a towel from the cabinet overhead, placed it under my hips then got on his knees facing me. Grabbing my ankles, he turned me around and threw my legs over his shoulders. Hungrily, he licked my cunt up to my clit, flicking his tongue over it with a little pressure, nibbling, suckling it.
"Oooh, ggggod!" I whimpered and threw my hands against the wall.
"My little naughty slut," Mistress started, "Does it feel good what he's doing?"
"Hmmgph, fuck, yes, Mistress."
"I can tell. I want you to talk to me while Joe's going down on you. Tell me how good his tongue feels as he laps at your clit," Mistress instructed.
"Yessss, Mistress," I grunted as he put his fingers inside my pussy. Groaning, barely able to speak, I said, "He's got his... fingers inside me and... hmmmph... they're right on my... ohh, ohhh, my g-spot."
"Good. Good, my pet. I've got my own finger on my clit. I'm as wet as you are."
I smiled. "Oh, Mistress. I wish it were... mmmmph... Oh, oh! Don't stop!" I suddenly screamed and pressed against the wall harder, pushing me closer to him.
"Don't youdarecome, Jeannie! I'm going to count to five. Then, and only then will you come for me. Understand?"
Her words barely registered in my ringing ears as I fought with all of my might to hold back my orgasm. "Yyyess, Missstressss," I finally answered.
"Good girl."
It was a moment before she started counting, and Joe hadn't let up one fucking bit as he teased and licked and sucked my clit while his fingers tapped my g-spot, alternating between finger-fucking me.
My whole body shivered and jerked in ecstasy, and I was on the verge of coming, and coming hard.
"Two," I heard Mistress say.
I groaned, barely able to hang on. "Hmm, Joe, Joe!" I screamed. "Please, Mistress! I... Please! I need to come now!"
"Hold it!" She demanded. "Three."
I tossed my head back and forth and let up on pushing my pussy into him, but he only got a firm hold of my thighs and held on tight.
"Fuck. FUCK!"
"Oh, Jeannie, I'm close too. Four."
Mumbling and moaning, barely able to catch my breath, I put my hand on the back of Joe's head, my orgasm coming closer and closer. My tits were electrified, as if I'd stuck my finger in a socket.
"Are you ready, pet?" She asked.
Knowing full well she was being sadistic, I panted, "Yes, yes, Mistress! Oh, Joe! Please! Please! Say five. Say FIVE!"
I think I heard her chuckle before I heard her say, "Five. Come for me, Jeannie! NOW!"
I felt Joe's fingers dig into my inner thighs and he finger-fucked my pussy, hard. My orgasm shot through me, and I screamed like I'd never screamed before, panting heavily and hard as I came.
I also heard the phone crackle with Mistress's own scream, as she always does when she comes.
I was mortified when I felt tons of cum squirt out, but I heard Joe say, "Give it to me, Jeannie."
Listening to the both of them made me orgasm again, but it wasn't as strong. "Oh, shit!"
"Jeannie, that was incredible to watch. Mistress should be proud," he told me.
Trying to catch my breath, I could only nod my head.
"Oh, I'm very proud of my Jeannie," Mistress said. "That was wonderful. I came with you."
"Hmm, good, Mistress. I'm glad."
"Thank you, Joe," She said.
He let go of my legs and gently put them on the mattress, so I laid on my side as he picked up the phone. "It was all my pleasure," Joe said.
"Joe, she is all yours now," Mistress told him. "Jeannie, I want you to call me before you leave his cab."
"Yes Mistress," I muttered. "Thank You, Mistress."
"Oh, thank you. Well done. Have fun, you two."
"Oh, we will," Joe replied and ended the call. Looking at me, he said, "Scootch over."
Smiling, I was able to press myself against the wall, then he laid down beside me, his arm under my head and his other over my waist; he wrapped his leg over mine.
"I'm impressed," he said as he brushed my bangs.
Breathlessly, I mumbled, "I always come like that. You were... great."
He chuckled. "Well, I'm not done with you yet, but for now, just relax."
It was hard to relax when he started to run his hand up and down my body. While my body was still a little numb from the orgasm, it was slowly waking up again from his touch. I might have come, but I was definitely ready for more. But I took his advice and allowed him to touch me for several minutes.
When I couldn't take it anymore, and I was breathing relatively normally, I sat up and asked where the condoms were. He pointed to the table, and as I looked there were three by his shirt he'd laid on there earlier. I reached over for it, and my breast just happened to be right at the level of his mouth.
He lifted his head up and took my entire nipple, aerola and all and sucked hard. I gasped, but managed to grab the package and open it. "Okay, I need that back," I teased.
Groaning, he let go, so I took out the condom and slipped it over his long, hard, throbbing cock. Then I threw my body on top of his, placed my legs on either side of his hips and slowly sat down on his still-hard cock. I groaned his name as he filled me completely.
"Ohmygggod, Joe. Your cock feels so fucking good," I managed to whisper.
He sighed heavily and grinned wickedly at me, which matched my own grin. "And your cunt is so hot and tight."
I nodded and began to rock my hips back and forth, but his cock stayed inside me the whole time. I did it more for the fact his pubic hair rubbed against my clit, and it helped get my juices flowing again. Tightening my PC muscles, I pressed my breasts against his chest and kissed him, still moving my hips back and forth.
"Don' let go of my cock."
Shaking my head, I sat up, put my left hand on the cabinet beside my head and put my hand on his chest to steady myself. Then I rode him for several minutes, the orgasm ever so slowly building up inside of me. My heart was racing, my breathing raspy and heavy.
"Oh, baby, fuck. Keep that up and I'll... come before you," he groaned.
Being on top, I was in control - of how fast I fucked him, how deep I took him. Smiling down on him, I gave him the sluttiest grin I could imagine. "I want to make you come. But not yet. I love feeling your cock inside me."
He furrowed his eyebrows, tension lines grew on his forehead. "Shut up and fuck me."
With that, I fucked him with abandon, lifting my hips up until just the tip of his cock was inside me then sat back down on him, my moaning growing louder and louder. He reached up and took hold of my breasts, pinching and twisting my nipples.
"Hmm, yes," I murmured. "Don' stop."
My torso was burning, yearning for a climax, one that I needed while I was masturbating only a few hours earlier. As I came down on him, he thrust his hips up, forcing his cock even deeper inside me. I screamed his name and threw my chest against his, so he wrapped his arms around my waist.
For several minutes, our hips crashed together in a fevered passion, both grunting and breathing heavily into each other's ears. Our lips kissed and licked and lapped at each other's neck, both lost in what we were feeling.
With a throaty growl, he beseeched, "I'm almost... there."
"Hmm, so am I. Fuck me, Joe.Fuck me!" I screamed.
He thrust his cock inside me over and over, and I met each one; I took all of him, every inch of his cock throbbed against my pussy walls.
"Yes, oh, yes! I'm... I'm almost... ohhh, OH! FUCK ME!"
Suddenly, he grunted into my ear, clearly in the throes of his orgasm. I could feel his legs kick out from under me as his body tensed the same time. His face tightened into his orgasm face, or so I assumed, and his jaw dropped.
"Yes, Joe, come. I'm right behind you."
Feeling his dick expand as he climaxed, mine quickly followed. With him grunting repeatedly and me moaning loudly, we rode out our orgasms together, our chests flush against the others.
"Oh, crap," I murmured as I collapsed all of my weight on him and buried my face in the nape of his neck, putting my hand on his shoulder. "Joe, oh, that was..."
"Fucking fantastic?" he chimed in.
I chuckled. "Better. Much better orgasm than my car. Thanks."
Now it was his turn to laugh. "I would hope so. And you're welcome."
Then my words struck me rough. "I didn't... I don't know why I thanked you. That sounded -"
"Fine with me." Taking my face in his hands, he kissed my nose. "I should thank you. I haven't been with a woman in... eight months."
I kicked my head back and looked at him. "It must be lonely on the road."
He shrugged his shoulders. "It is. But I do love the road. Now, I've got to get this condom off me."
"Oh, yeah. Sure. Right. Sorry," I stuttered and lifted my hips then rolled against the wall again, putting my head in my hand.
I watched as he stood, removed the condom on his semi-erection and threw it in the trash. He stepped to me, and at first I thought he wanted me to give him another blow job, but when I heard the cabinet above me open and he pulled down a washcloth, I calmed down.
He went to the sink, and I could not help but look at his tight, abso-fucking-lutely gorgeous ass. If I didn't have to get back on the road, knowing for sure I would get stuck in traffic in Fredericksburg, I would have fucked him all afternoon.
I had just put my legs on the floor to dress when he turned back around and shook his head. "Oh, no. Lie back down."
"Joe, look, I've got to get -"
He smiled. "Shh. I will not let you leave my humble cab without cleaning you up. Can I at least do that?"
I couldn't believe how incredibly sweet he was. "Sure." I smiled then laid back down.
He wet the washcloth, waited a moment for the water to get hot, then got on his knees in front of me. Gently, yet with affection, he ran the cloth over my inner thighs. "Is it too hot?"
"No. It's fine. Thank you, Joe."
"Oh, honey," he said, continuing to clean my thighs. "Again, it isallmy pleasure."
After he cleaned me, he sat down beside me and took my hand. "Jeannie, you have no idea how glad I am I met you today. You are an incredible person. Margaret is very lucky to have you as her sub."
My cheeks did not blush that time. "And you've been kind... and sweet."
I no longer had any shame or embarrassment sitting naked beside this complete stranger... but then again, he was no longer a stranger.
Reaching for my dress on the floor, he handed it to me. I slipped it on over my head as he got on his own shirt. Then he handed me the phone. "Call your Mistress."
Nodding, I looked up Her number and dialed. "Mistress, Joe and I are... I'll be leaving in a few minutes."
She told me to put Her on speaker. After I did, She said, "Did you have a good time, Jeannie?"
Looking up at Joe, I gave him a smile. "I sure did. Thank you, Mistress."
"Joe, did my sub treat you well?"
"She absolutely did," he replied as he put on his jeans. "I wish I had all afternoon with her."
I was thrilled he wanted more time with me. I sure would have enjoyed a few more hours with him.
"She has a few hours' drive to come back to me. Thank you for allowing her to have her fantasy."
"Oh, she gave me mine," he replied and winked at me.
"Email me when you get home, Jeannie."
"Yes Mistress."
"Joe, I'll see you in October at George Mason's Homecoming game?"
"Oh, you definitely will," he replied as he looked over my face.
Mistress knew him! She'd set me up! I'd totally forgotten she'd called me right after I'd gotten on 64. Standing up with my hands on my hips, about to blast the fuck out of him -andMistress, Joe said, "Oh, Margaret. You'd best explain yourself, now," he said urgently.
"Jeannie, calm down, little one. I remembered your fantasy, and since we won't be able to get together for a few weeks, with me to be out of town and all, I thought I'd... surprise you."
I had no idea what to think. I sat back down heavily on the daybed and gripped the edge. "You two... know each other?"
"Yes," Mistress answered. Joe sat down beside me as She continued. "We went to college together, graduated the same year. But we were nevertogether." "Are you angry, Jeannie?" Joe asked, his voice tense.
I looked at him dumbfounded, confused, hurt. Then I looked over his face. It was soft, gentle, caring. Yes, Mistress set this up, and Joe did not hurt me. What She had to do to set this up. I couldn't be angry with him because he had fulfilled my wild fantasy. And I couldn't be angry with Mistress because I now had 100 percent trust that She would never, ever put me in harm's way.
"Well, shit," I mumbled. "I have to say I'm flabbergasted. But... no, Joe, Mistress. I'm not angry."
"Oh, sub of little faith," Mistress snickered. "Joe? Make sure my pet gets off in one piece. We have a lot to catch up on in a few months."
Joe finally smiled. "That we do, Margaret. That we do."
As he promised Mistress, Joe walked me back to my car. I threw my purse on the passenger seat and turned to say goodbye. But it was his turn to surprise me.
He wrapped his arms around my waist and gave me a huge hug. Pulling away, he kept his arms around me. "You will make this trucking route much, much easier. All I'll be seeing is your smile and hear you laugh."
Once again, I blushed. "I have to admit, I'm glad Mistress chose you. I hope you had a good time."
He nodded and kissed my forehead. "Oh, Jeannie, this wasn't about me. It was about you. I hope you had a good time."
"I did. I did, three times." I chuckled at my stupid comment.
"I love your sense of humor. Drive carefully."
"You, too."
Placing his hands on my neck, he kissed me gently, and believe it or not, I was getting hot all over again. Groaning, I pulled away. "Joe, if we keep this up -"
He smiled so warmly it touched me. "I know. I know. We'd never leave this parking lot."
I laughed again and gave him another kiss. "Take care of yourself."
"I will."
Getting in my car, giving him one final peek at my crotch as I let the hem slip up, he closed the door behind me. Shaking his head, he said, "You are such a tease."
I nodded then started the car. "Master and Mistress tell me that all the time."
"Bye, sweetie."
"Bye, Joe."
Driving away, I watched him in the rear view mirror until I hit the exit ramp and got back on 64. Oh, what a long drive home it would be.