Your eyes searched over me, they tugged my skirt at my thighs, brushed past my neck until it broke out in goosebumps, slipping past my breasts as they rose quickly with every breath you made me take. I looked around the bar nervously to make sure no one saw what you were doing to me.
"No one's looking," you said patiently.
"I don't know if I want to do this," I said.
You got up from the barstool to stand over me, and you let a finger slide over me how your eyes had planned to. A finger twisted itself softly against my hem, then rose to stroke past my neck, then fell as you ran it over the side of my rounded tits. I didn't need more of your persuasion, I was eager to please. I looked around more anxiously now, and then let my hands gather my waistband through the fabric of my skirt. I pulled on them until I could finger the fabric and untangle it from my legs in the warm bar air. I pushed the lacey mess into your hands, covering them with mine until your fist closed.
"Next time," you said breathily against my ear, "if I say don't wear any, don't."
You unclenched your fist and released the lace onto the counter before you started to walk away. I looked around in horror, ready to grab it again and hide it, but you yelled as you walked away, "Leave them!"
I rushed after you, noticing the looks that started to gain on me. You walked towards the exit that stood at the back of the bar. One I wouldn't have even noticed if you didn't lead me to it with the intoxicating air you had around you, the air that wisped around me and hinted to me that soon enough you would be so kind as to use me. I tried to keep up, but before I could you were gone leaving me to push against the door myself, and hope I'd still see a trace of you in the alley to follow home.
I came outside when suddenly a hand grabbed at my waist. It snuck around me until all its strength could push me against the cold brick wall. In the dark, with trash at my feet a dim street light illuminated you. You looked amused, like you were ready to play. You put your hand over my mouth and pushed me more snuggly against the bricks, and your fingers began to dance over my thigh again, first just above my knees, then higher at the length of my skirt, until they began to explore the warm skin shielded by the hem. They softly moved closer to the skin the lacey panties had shielded. Your hand warmed itself between my two thighs, skimming against my pussy lips.
"You know, I love them off. I can feel how much you are dripping for me down your legs right now," you grumbled.
I choked back a breath, but you caught it with your hand over my lips.
"We have more to do tonight, but before we go, I want to see if I can make you so wet it runs down to your ankles," you continued.
Two fingers began to slide from between my thighs, up towards my wet pussy. You angled them and then you waited for me to calm down. Between excitement and trepidation, I was too aroused for you. The other hand stroked my hair until my eyes grew less wide, and my breathing slowed. I was almost completely at ease when you thrusted them into me suddenly. I wanted to let out a yelp when you moved your hand again to cover my lips. You pressed your angled fingers into me again and again until my moans angrily strained against your hand over my mouth.
"Want me to stop baby? Are you wet enough?" you asked.
I shook my head violently. I was wet enough to feel my pussy stream to my ankles, but I wanted those thick fingers to take me to an orgasm before you let me go. You stopped and squatted next to me. You grabbed a leg and pressed your nose against it to smell me from my pussy to my ankles. You looked up at me like you knew I had lied, and then stood up before you began to walk away. I followed carefully, feeling my heartrate slow from my cunt's use.
"I'm sorry, I just wanted to..."I tried to explain.
"I know," you said gently, stopping to take me into a kiss, "but you're breaking a lot of my rules tonight, and I think it's time I punish you."
You call a taxi and we climb in. We're nice to the driver, we talk about the weather and how busy the night might have been for him and what we have planned for the rest of the night ourselves. He likes to talk, and we oblige. But eventually as he tells us about a new intersection, I feel you play at my hem again.
You lean in to whisper to me, "you wanted to cum so badly, let's give this horny pussy what it wants."
I gasp softly as I feel your hand push up my skirt. The taxi gets quiet since he was done talking about the intersection, and you were busy abusing my cunt and I busy taking it.
"Better say something before all he hears is how I make you moan," you whispered into my ear.
"So..." I begin with your fingers already pressing in and out of my pussy, slowly as to give me even a slight chance to hold a conversation, "being a taxi driver... you must have had some interesting passengers."
The driver laughs and carries onto a new story. I hope it lasts long because you pick up the pace and stretch as far into my cunt as you can. My pussy streams between my thighs and my moans stay stifled as I bite on lip. My breathing must still be loud, but the open window next to the driver gives me some hope that he can't hear how good you are making my cunt feel right now. I look up at the driver to make sure he was still unsuspicious when I saw his eyes through the rear-view mirror, staring over me intently before they flew back to the road. I looked at you, but you were too busy holding my body and fingering my cunt. I looked back into the mirror and this time the driver didn't try to hide what he was looking at. His eyes danced over me before he met my eyes and smiled.
"He knows," I whispered into your ear.
"Good," you whispered back playfully.
You pressed into me until whatever I was seeing unfold didn't matter anymore. My head rolled back, my breasts strained against the seatbelt, and my legs swayed as I squirmed closer and closer to orgasm.
"I'm going to cum," I whispered to you.
You leaned in closer to me than before and held my face for me to hear you properly, "Next rule baby, an important one if you want to make sure I'm going to take good care of you tonight. If you don't do it, I will punish you worse than this, if you do do it, I might go easier."
I strained to look you over, you still looked playful but suddenly more devious than I had seen all night.
You whispered, "make this orgasm as loud as you want baby, no holding back."
"I..I don't...I can't..." I trail off, but you don't hear me anyway, you're still thrusting roughly into my cunt, not slowing down.
I look into the mirror again and the driver has given us some privacy. I could hope he doesn't hear me over the wind bounding against his ear, or I could just stay quiet as you make me cum in the backseat. I look around until my eyes close and I come close as my pussy clenches against your fingers. It's too close to decide now, I'm there, your fingers curl and thrust inside me and soon enough I twist and jump into orgasm and I loudly moan and curse as you take me over the edge. He heard it, he must have heard it, because I didn't restrain myself. I look to the mirror again and his eyes quickly jump away, but I see a smile spread over his face. He knows what you did to me.