I want to thank everyone for their support and feedback. I will be including some of these ideas into future chapters. Some really exciting ideas that I hadn't considered. Thank you so much for all the criticisms and compliments. Please keep them coming!
*********************
Yumi gets her temperature checked, gets her tits milked and she is taught to use her manners.
Thermometers and Milking in class
Yumi's pussy was dripping as she was being led by Miss White to her next class, which was back in the Medical Department. The charm was still buzzing away on her clitoris making her want to come badly. Yumi was stared at along the tree-lined path towards building C by a handful of students that were on their way to class. After the Dean's serious tone this morning, nobody was brave enough to harass her, especially with Miss White holding her hand. They entered the classroom to find Dr Goodman standing in front of her large desk casual pacing back and forth explaining what the students would be learning this morning.
"Today I'll be teaching you a few methods of taking the temperature of a patient. Ah, our Special Assistant has arrived. Thank you Jane," the Doctor said. Miss White nodded at Dr Goodman and told Yumi that she was to return to the Dean's office after class then left the classroom.
"Yumi, come sit on the desk my dear," The Doctor instructed her. Yumi did as she was told. As she sat on the desk the tiny leotard wedged deep into her pussy pushing against her clitoral device. She let out a little noise of arousal.
"You ok, sweetie?" Dr Goodman asked, winking at Yumi. She knew the device was on level one, as the remote she had was in range of the wifi chip, so the exciter charm relayed her remote the information. Dr Goodman did not turn it off however. Yumi was frowning in frustration. Her lips were almost pouting again but she managed to force a weak smile back at the Doctor.
"Ok students, gather round the front of the class please," The Doctor told the students. Within a few seconds 20 students were standing a couple of metres from Yumi drinking in her beautiful body with their eyes.
"The first method we will try is measuring from inside the armpit. This is the least accurate and I frankly never use it, but I'll just demonstrate it for completeness. Lift your arm Yumi," She said putting the glass thermometer in her smooth nook. Yumi was instructed to hold it there for a few minutes while Dr Goodman carried on talking about how the thermometer worked. After this time she removed it and read the reading.
"Hmm, 36.9 degrees... this is a little high as a reading from the armpit will be about half a degree lower than the body's core temperature. The average body temperature is 36.8. There are a few reasons why this might be the case. Anyone want to guess?" Dr Goodman asked the students.
"Maybe she is sick?" Joe answered.
"Yes that would be one reason, but I think Yumi is fine. Are you sick Yumi?" The Doctor said.
"No Miss, I ok," Yumi said a little breathlessly.
"She's not sick but it seems something else might be affecting her..." Dr Goodman suggested.
"Could her heart rate make her hotter, Miss?" April, a chubby redhead asked.
"Yes, that would increase body temperature. Let's have a look and see if her heartbeat is faster than normal," Dr Goodman said. She put the earpieces of the stethoscope she was wearing in her ears and pressed the cold metal head against the top of Yumi's left breast. Dr Goodman looked at her watch and counted in her head.
"Yes it seems her heart is beating a little fast at between 85 and 90 beats. Why do you think that is? She not sick, and given her outfit, probably not hot either." The Doctor posited.
"She's just horny as usual Miss," Jen said, repeating her answer from the last class she had with Dr Goodman.
"Is that correct Yumi?" The Teacher asked.
"Yes Miss, I horny, my pussy is itchy! Kimochi!" Yumi blurted out quickly, saying that she had a good feeling in her mother tongue. A good feeling but it wasn't enough. Yumi didn't care that the students would think she was a slut, she longed desperately to come.
"Yumi, we have to demonstrate the other methods of taking your temperature, please try to control yourself dear," The Doctor said feeling playful with the poor wanton teenager, "Now open your mouth and lift your tongue. The reading will be taken from your mouth."
Yumi had a pathetic pleading look on her face as she received the thermometer under her tongue. Dr Goodman told her to keep her mouth shut for a minute as she clicked the remote in her pocket turning the exciter charm up a notch to level two. She had endured the device grabbing and shaking her hard button for at least forty minutes now. Yumi grunted through her closed mouth. Dr Goodman simply shot her a stare that told her she better not dare open her mouth. Like the good girl she was, she kept it shut and tried ignore her terribly aroused state. The teasing Doctor left Yumi with the thermometer there for the next three minutes while she explained that this was the most common use of a thermometer and how the next one was thicker but didn't say where she would use it. Dr Goodman removed the thermometer and read the measurement on it to the class.
"37.4 degrees, slightly higher than the last... Seems Yumi is even hotter. Well, just one more to try students. Yumi, take off your leotard now, I don't want it getting in the way of our next demonstration,.. you can take off the sandals too," The Doctor said without and noticeable change in tone.
"Yes Miss," Yumi said knowing she would only be more turned on with her meagre coverings removed. She stood up and unbuckled the belt and shrugged off the stretchy uniform. Her pussy was slick with her juices and the silver device shined in the harsh light of the classroom.
"Ah I didn't know your were still wearing the device!" The Doctor lied, "The mystery has been solved class. It seems Yumi has really taken to the exciter charm my colleagues and I developed. Well, thank you for you endorsement Yumi!" The students chuckled and fixed their eyes firmly on Yumi's dripping slit. Yumi responded to the attention by getting even wetter.
"Ok sweetie, get up on the table on your hands and knees please," The Doctor ordered the buxom beauty. She climbed onto the table and did as she was told. She was all too aware of the weight of the little metallic vibrating ring attached to her sex. Dr Goodman nodded her approval but walked over to Yumi to make an adjustment. She pulled her hands to the left edge of the desk so her arms were flat. Then she turned her head to the right so she was looking sideways at the students. Finally, she moved Yumi's hands around behind her to grab onto the back of her knees. She was quite the sight. Her ass raised in the air, deliciously inviting, like she was an animal on heat presenting. Her big tits squashed and spilling out from under her chest and her beautiful pouting face pushed against the table looking back into the eyes of 20 horny nineteen year olds.
"There, this pose should help with the next demonstration. I'll just lube up this thermometer..." Dr Goodman said slathering the inch thick anal thermometer in vaseline. To add some more humiliation to Yumi's current plight she said, "Yumi, please reach up and pull apart your bum cheeks,"
"Y-Y-Yerss Merss," Yumi managed to mumble out with her cheek pushed against the white powder-coated metal desk and her body longing for release. Yumi leaned back so that her arse cheeks were sitting on her heels then she lifted her hands to reach her buttocks and slowly separated them.
"I know this is uncomfortable Yumi, but we need your anus in the air more so I can show the students what I'm doing here. Put your arms back and hold the edge of the desk, Yumi. Jen and Joe, come up here and help me," Dr Goodman said as she pulled Yumi's bum high into the air so her thighs were perpendicular to the table. Her cute rosebud was as high as it could go. Yumi felt pornographic in this pose. She would really let them do whatever they wanted to her, she just wished she could come. It was her very important duty as she saw it now. She could think of it as she was helping educate these young doctors who in the future would save peoples lives. There was no shame in that. But in reality she wasn't really thinking about that. She was thinking that she was a slave to her emotions. She would do anything for the Dean and the teachers, because of the masochistic pleasure she got from being on the edge of coming from their cruel sexual games. A good girl does as she is told, Yumi thought.
"Ok guys, stand either side, Joe come around the other side of me. Put on these gloves," Joe and Jen put on the latex gloves with a snap, the sound increased the anticipation in Yumi's body. Her heart was beating faster and she could feel some pussy juice making long ropes from her slit. She knew the two helpful students behind her would be able to see it and smell it. She heart fluttered at the thought that very soon she would have something shoved in her ass in front of the whole class. Hopefully, Yumi thought, the Doctor would turn up the exciter charm and play with her love button.
"Now each of you put a hand on her cheeks and gentle pry them apart. Gather round students, watch how I insert the thermometer into Yumi's anus," Dr Goodman said as she pushed the cold glass tube into Yumi's little ring.
"Eeeeeiii!" Yumi yipped at the cold intrusion. She reflected on how it felt far more humiliating to her than the dog tail she wore in Drama class. Probably because she was completely naked, had the tiny vibrator buzzing her into a frenzy and her ass high in the air with 20 students crowded around her and craning their necks to get a closeup of her breached asshole. She could see the bulges in the pants of a few boys standing closer to her head. She wondered what their cocks would look like if they unzipped and let them hover in front of her face. Yumi was shocked at how much she wanted to suck cocks now. One cock in her mouth and now she had an insatiable taste for it.
"Now with this particular model, you want to to get it in a good three or four inches. How does that feel Yumi? Not too bad?" The reprobate Doctor said.
"Ahh Miss.. I.. come?," Yumi said incoherent and not answering her question.
"I'll take that as a no then," The class chuckled at her comment, "Ok now we will leave this one in for a few minutes." As Dr Goodman talked about the anus having a lot of blood vessels in and thus good for taking a temperature, she clicked on the remote in her pocket stealthily, raising Yumi's pussy jewellery up to level three.
"Ooooohh hhhuunnn oooh," Yumi mumbled.
"I'm sorry students, I hope Yumi's noises aren't too distracting. It seems the device she is wearing is making this fun for her. I would turn it off but I don't have the remote for it. Well, at least it makes it more enjoyable for Yumi," The Doctor offered as a lame explanation. At this point everyone knew that she was lying, and of course nobody cared. It was all a bit of a game. Yumi was there to be used as a fun teaching aid. She was a beautiful toy of the College. It made the lessons more interesting and studies have proven that the more entertaining a class is, the more information is retained. It was with this justification they saw it as completely reasonable to bring a sexy mixed-race girl to the brink of orgasm in public. The doctor started absentmindedly playing with the thermometer in Yumi's ass as she spoke. Twisting it, pushing it in and out and moving it side to side. All this made Yumi moan more. Not so much from the feeling, it was still a strange feeling to her, but because of how exposed and violated she was in this position.
"Ok, Tom, can you come up here and read the temperature?" Dr Goodman asked.
Tom walked over to the edge of the desk and leaned over Yumi's gorgeous ass. It was so much sexier from this view. Tom could imagine entering her tight ring and grabbing her firm rounded arse cheeks and just thrusting hard into her.
"37.7 Miss," Tom announced.
"Very good, indeed, Yumi is a bit warmer. It looks like we might need to cool her down a little," Dr Goodman said, "Tom can you please fetch me the rolled up towel I have put in the fridge?" She said pointing to the bar fridge next to the store room door. Dutifully, the student retrieved it wondering what the Doctor would do next. He handed her the frozen rolled-up travel-sized towel. Dr Goodman unrolled it and some soft cracking sounds emanated from the melting towel.
"Yumi my dear, this will be a little cold, but it will help get your temperature down. I am demonstrating to the students how they can treat a high temperature. We'll have you stay there and keep the thermometer in to monitor the change," Dr Goodman said clinically.
"Uhnn, Yeers Missh," Yumi managed to say. She was in a daydream and had closed her eyes now just focusing on the pleasure and trying to imagine how dirty she looked with her ass in the air, penetrated, and her pussy leaking its juice onto the table. Yumi resumed her soft moaning after answering the Doctor.
Dr Goodman then draped the towel over her back causing Yumi to jolt her body a little from shock.
"Sorry sweetie, you are doing a great job. Good girl!" Dr Goodman reassured the buxom beauty. Yumi had not been able to focus on anything much the Doctor had said but the words 'good girl' seemed to permeate into her mind and trigger something. Her hips started making small circles now becoming more aroused at the Doctor's words. A few of the students noticed this and giggled at Yumi quietly calling her a horny bitch under their breath. Yumi wasn't even aware she was doing this. She was too overcome with pleasure to realise her lascivious actions. Dr Goodman continued talking about how an ice bath may be beneficial to athletes but it is definitely effective in lowering temperature.
"Let's check again and see if this has made any difference..." Dr Goodman said, "Let's get someone else to check this time.. Ahh Amy, can you come up here and read the thermometer please?" Amy was a shy girl who had been sent here by her parents in the hope of making her come out of her shell a little more. She slowly and daintily walked up to the desk putting Dr Goodman between her and the gyrating naked girl. She nervously kept looking at Yumi then quickly staring back at the floor.
"Come on Amy, she won't bite! You'll have to see a lot of naked bodies and some much less pleasant stuff as a Doctor," Dr Goodman said as she thrust the girl behind Yumi's upturned ass with a thermometer sticking out of it. Amy tried to follow the LCD panel on the side of the thermometer with her eyes to read it, but it was moving in little circles making it impossible for her. "You'll have to stop her from moving, I find that a little slap helps," The Doctor offered.
"M-m-Miss a s-slap?" Amy said tripping over her words. Without warning Dr Goodman grabbed Amy's wrist and delivered a firm sharp slap to Yumi's glistening arse.
"Yumi, please be a good girl and keep still for a moment!" Dr Goodman added.
The words drifted into Yumi's mind somewhere and she uttered, "Yerrsh Meers," her face still mashed against the table now with a little pool of dribble in front of her lips.
Amy leaned in to read the thermometer and Dr Goodman told her, "You may as well remove it now." Amy took in a quick breath of shock. "Go ahead Amy..." the Doctor said impatiently. Amy reached out slowly with a shaky hand and gripped the end. Someone from the class called out at that moment with the intention of further unnerving the timid girl. She lunged forward and sank the thermometer almost all the way into Yumi's willing rosebud.
"Eeeeeiii! Oooh!" Yumi cried as she received another three inches of the thermometer in her asshole. Amy had turned bright crimson now and quickly pulled the tube out of Yumi's rectum. There was an audible squelching pop sound as it slid out. The poor medical student stammered as she read the temperature.
"Thir-thir-th-thirty eight Dr Goodman." Amy said and quickly placed the thermometer on the desk. She glanced over at Yumi's anus that was closing up again. Amy couldn't believe the level of exposure this Asian bombshell was willing to endure for the purpose of helping her College. It was quite amazing but also disgusting to Amy.
"Very good Amy, you can join the others now. Well it seems that an icy towel is not enough to cool down Yumi. I guess the charm she is wearing is too effective at raising her temperature... sorry I don't have a remote to stop it and conduct a less biased test, but I'm sure you have all learnt how to take a temperature," Dr Goodman walked around to the front of the desk and looked down at Yumi's big tits that were squashed and spilling out from under her rib cage. She noticed some damp patches. It was a peculiar sight.
"Yumi please sit on the edge of the desk now, I want to check something," Dr Goodman said vaguely. Yumi got up slowly, she was a little stiff from hold that uncomfortable position for the last 20 minutes. She swivelled on her sweaty bum and put her legs over the edge closing them tightly whilst trying to rub them together against her electronic clitoral jewellery. She had a pained expression on her face having been being stimulated for almost an hour by the evil device without being able to release, just kept on the edge of ecstasy. Dr Goodman leaned in and looked at her nipples. They were a little darker than she remembered and were topped with a single drop of milk each.
"Just as I suspected. It seems the pressure of her breasts against the desk has expressed some milk. You might be in luck students, I can try to teach you about milk ducts. Lets see if she has any more left," Dr Goodman said in a cold and objective manner, "Now, the first thing to do before expressing breast milk is to massage the breast. Yumi's breasts are obviously quite large so I might ask one of the girls to help me with this... my gosh Yumi, what size are you?" Dr Goodman asked, uncharacteristically surprised by the size of them.
"aahh aaaah I'm 32DD Miss," Yumi replied in her hazy state. She so desperately wanted to come. She was well beyond caring that she was naked in class, her clit was swollen and she felt like she needed to pee again. Yumi knew she was close, she just needed a little extra push.
"Hmm that can't be right, I think you've grown. One moment students, I'm a little curious to see..." Dr Goodman drifted off as she retrieved a tape measure. Quickly taking it around Yumi's chest just below her huge mammaries, it measured 27.5 inches, she made a mental note of the measurement. Then she measured around her nipple line spilling the tiny milk drops onto the tape. Yumi's over bust measurement had ballooned to 38 inches. She did some basic arithmetic and figured out Yumi's size.
"I knew it!" She said triumphantly, "Yumi, you are now a 32F! Remarkable!" There was some quietly awed chatter from the students. Not only were her tits massive, they held a fantastic tear drop shape. This discovery would just further incense the jealous girls in her class. Thankfully, Amber was not in her class today as she was still suspended due to her behaviour towards Yumi.
"Jen, please help me with the milk expressing demonstration," Dr Goodman said. Jen giggled as she bounded towards the table, excited to play with the sexy girls big titties. "Ok Jen, if you can stand on the left side of Yumi and using your left hand, just start to softly massage her breasts, but don't go close to the nipple or areola," The Doctor instructed her as she did the same with her right hand on the other side of Yumi.
"Yes Miss," Jen said trying to suppress a juvenile smile on her face. Yumi sat up a little straighter thrusting her chest into their hands. "That's it Jen, we'll do this for a few more minutes," Dr Goodman said as she talked about this also being a good thing to do in the shower to check for breasts tumours.
"Ok now we can begin to express the milk. Jen, position your fingers over the milk reservoirs on Yumi's breast. You might want to use two hands for these big ones. I think your hands are a little small to hold it in one hand.
Put your left hand under the breast and put your right hand in a "C" shape above the nipple. You've got that now Jen?" Dr Goodman asked the girl handling Yumi's ample tit flesh.
"Err yes Miss, I've got it now," Jen answered.
"Ok now put your thumb below the nipple about one inch and your first 2 fingers one inch above her nipple directly in line with your thumb," Dr Goodman continued with her instructions.
"Ok Miss, like this?" Jen held the breast presenting it with her left hand and gently positioning her left hand for milking.
"Very good, that's it," The Doctor praised her. She had the right breast ready to go as well, "Ok now this is the fun part. Before you apply pressure, lift her breast with your left hand. Ok, good, now apply pressure inward toward Yumi's chest wall. The pressure should be gentle and firm, but don't squeeze the breast at all. Don't stretch the areola, as this will make it more difficult to express the milk. Press your thumb and index finger directly back into the breast tissue, into the wall of the chest Jen. Hopefully not too confusing?" Dr Goodman joked. At about this time, the timer that Dr Goodman had set to increase the exciter charm to the next level, had triggered level four. Yumi started moaning loudly now and had open her legs and was pumping the air in front of her with her hips.
"Some women find milking enjoyable, we haven't even really started but it looks at though that is true with Yumi," Dr Goodman teased getting a laugh from the students. "Ok Jen, start expressing!"
Simultaneously, they pressed inward on her F cup tits. Two little dribbles of milk tricked out of her nipples. The two women kept going and could see the dribbles transforming into a stream. After a few more pumps two giant jets shot out towards the students. The students gasped and giggled, some made disapproving noises, but most seemed to be entertained by the spectacle. The crowd had parted in the middle as Yumi's milk was squirting out between one and two metres. Yumi liked the feeling of the milk shooting out of her erect buds. Her nipples seemed to be very sensitive and only added to the fire in her pussy.
"Miss, is it ok to drink it?" Jen asked.
"It's absolutely fine, breast milk is full of a ton of nutrients actually. But the idea of breastfeeding beyond a certain age doesn't sit well with most people," Dr Goodman said as they both kept pushing the milk out of Yumi's big udders, "Ok now try rolling around the breast."
Doing this motion caused even more milk to come out, the ground in front of Yumi was now speckled in white drops. A couple of boys watching the show joked to each other that they would love to have Yumi as their own personal cow for their morning coffee and cereal. Naked in the kitchen with a bell around her neck. Of course, they would use her for breeding as well.
"Hey Kirsty, dare you to drink it?" Jen said taunting her friend.
"Eww gross! No way!" Kirsty answered her kinky friend.
"We all did at one time in our lives," Dr Goodman said, "Look, it's really nothing to worry about, it's actually healthy." Jen did something that shocked everyone next. She took Yumi's breast and shoved it in her mouth and sucking the milk she was expressing straight down her throat. This was too much for Yumi. She screamed out as she came the sucking on her nipple was the little kick she needed to push her over the edge.
"Yyeeeeeeeeiiiiiiiaaaaahhh!" Yumi shrieked Once again, she was unable to control her bladder. It seemed she was definitely a squirter. Her pussy started spasming squirting out little erratic jets of cum and piss. Dr Goodman quietly stopped milking her for a minute and covertly turned off the device.
"Oh whoops, I didn't realise she was so sensitive!" Jen laughed at Yumi's display.
"Wow, you lesbian Jen!!" Kirsty yelled at her.
"Ok everyone, please calm down! Yes, Yumi has lost control of herself but that happens for some girls with nipple stimulation. Now Jen, you should have asked first. I have half a mind to punish you for that behaviour, but there is nothing wrong with drinking breast milk. Now for the sake of science, can you explain the taste?" Dr Goodman asked Jen.
"Hmm, it wasn't too bad. Kind of sweet and creamy, a bit like the milk left at the bottom of a bowl of cereal I'd say," Jen explained to the class. Yumi was still in the throes of her orgasm so her thoughts were scattered, but when Jen sucked her tit she felt a massive wave of humiliation wash over her. It was so crazy to be used like that in public. She had been rubbed, penetrated, tied up, gagged and spanked in public but there was something especially perverse and erotic about having her own milk sucked from her swollen tits.
"Tom, please get a clean beaker from the back room. I need you to hold it in front of Yumi's breasts for me," Dr Goodman.
"Yes Miss," Tom replied. He returned a moment later waiting in front of Jen and Dr Goodman.
"Ok just hold it in the centre of Yumi's breasts," The Doctor said guiding his hands to move the beaker a few inches below and in front of Yumi's squirting nipples. "Jen, try to aim into the beaker."
Yumi was beginning to breath slower now as she sat in a puddle of her own cum and urine. Since her breasts really started to swell in last week, her nipples had become much more sensitive and sometimes felt quite sore. She was thankful to have the relief of having her nipples massaged. Yumi stared at the one litre beaker that was slowly filling with her own sweet white nectar with quiet awe at the functions of her beautiful body. The beaker was sounding soft tinkling noises as each new stream of milk hit it.
"It's really flowing now, we've got about 100 millilitres now. Let's see if we can get to 300," Dr Goodman said optimistically. As her and Jen kept milking Yumi's massive literal milk jugs she talked about the animo acids and vitamins found in breasts milk and how strange it was that humans drink the milk of other animals but find it distasteful to drink human milk. Another ten minutes and Yumi had run out of milk.
"Ok well, it looks like she is empty. Let's see..." Dr Goodman said as she took the beaker from Tom, "..we've got about.. 355 millilitres there. Not a bad yield. Yumi, I will need to monitor your milk production over the next few weeks ok?"
"Ah ok Miss, you milk me?" Yumi asked.
"Yes, you will need daily milking. It might not be me doing it everyday but you will find your breasts begin to hurt if you don't express milk daily," Dr Goodman explained, "Now, who is intrepid enough to try some fresh milk? Only if you don't mind Yumi..." Dr Goodman said.
"It ok Miss. Please try it," Yumi said, happy to let the students try her milk, fulfilling her role as College Special Assistant always willing to help the teachers and students. Dr Goodman looked at all of the faces of the medical students. Most of the girls had their faces screwed up in detest at the idea of drinking her warm milk, but a lot of the boys looked happy to try it. For some of them it would be a vaguely sexual thrill knowing they were imbibing something produced by the busty beautiful Brazilian.
"Can I try it Miss?" Joel asked.
"Sure, just take a small sip and pass it on," Dr Goodman said handing him the beaker. He tried it remarking that it did indeed taste sweet and creamier than cow milk. He passed it on to the next guy who was eager to drink milk that was only a few minutes ago in the breasts of the smoking Asian. After a few minutes about a third of the class had tried it. They handed it back to Dr Goodman who noticed there was still about 150 millilitres left. She had a small sip.
"Mmmm, very good. I'll save the rest of this for my coffee," Dr Goodman said with a sly smile. She then put the beaker in the fridge after covering it with a piece of cling wrap. "Well students, that about all we have time for today. I trust you all learnt something today?" She was answered with a chorus of students saying that the class had been very interesting. "Thanks for your help Jen, and Tom."
The students left the class and Yumi sat on the desk awaiting instructions from Dr Goodman. Her breasts felt much better now and she was still high from her orgasm.
"Good girl Yumi, you are really performing wonderfully. It's great to have you to help in class. It just makes it so much easier to teach the students, they really pay a lot more attention when you are here. Now, what should we do about this mess? There's urine and ejaculate all over the floor. Wipe yourself off with this towel then clean up that mess for me sweetheart," Dr Goodman ordered her.
"Yes Miss," was all Yumi could say. Now she was being told to do manual labour as well. She was a very clean and organised girl normally so she wasn't unhappy about cleaning. It was her mess after all. She had just been such a horny slut that she dirtied the floor. This was the pay off for her orgasm she reasoned. Yumi stood up and first wiped off her breasts then sopped up the wetness on her ass, pussy and legs. Then she got on her knees to wipe the front of the desk following it to the floor and getting onto all fours rubbing over her juices in big circles. Dr Goodman was doing something in the back room as Yumi cleaned. Five minutes later Yumi bounded to her feet announcing, "Miss, I'm finish!"
"Good girl. You can get dressed now and see what the Dean wants you to do next. Thank you for today," Dr Goodman said. Yumi put her stretchy little leotard back on and fastened her belt around it. She put on her sandals back on, said goodbye to Dr Goodman and began her walk to the Dean's office. Yumi was taking her time strolling along the path back to the office and she noticed a group of art students having a picnic on the grass.
"fwwooooot wwwwooooo!" one of the boys in the group whistled at her. Yumi found herself stopping and waving at them instead of continuing on. They took this as an invitation to approach her. Two girls and two boys got up and walked over to surround her.
"Hello pretty!", Zoe, a tall blonde girl said to her, "Do you want to be our friend?"
It was a loaded question. Yumi would never say no in this situation. Her Japanese upbringing meant that she would always hide her true feelings if it was deemed impolite by society. It wasn't that she didn't want to associate them, but she had to go to the Dean's office.
"Sorry, I have go to Dean, nice to meet you, let' be friends later," Yumi replied turning to leave again.
"Wait wait, don't go so quickly!" Ben, a weedy nerdy guy with dreadlocks, pleaded with her, "Stay and have a beer with us!"
"I little busy sorry," Yumi apologised.
"Awww come here sweetie," Vanessa who is a short curvy brunette with curly hair said, "We wanna play!" Vanessa grabbed at the back of her leotard stopping her from escaping.
"I just love your outfit baby, looks so good on you," Zoe said rubbing her arse and stroking her hair.
"I sorry, I really have to go," Yumi begged again.
"We better let her go guys, you heard what the Dean said. If he finds out we were messing with her..." the last of the group, Dave, warned them.
"Ok, but first-" Vanessa said as she stepped in front of Yumi and pulled her head into her own and planted a long, deep kiss on her mouth. Yumi felt the girl's tongue thrust into her mouth swirling over her tongue and sucking softly on her lips. As Vanessa was doing this she grabbed Yumi's left breast with her hand. Meanwhile, behind her, Ben had developed a hard erection and was pulling Yumi's arse into his groin, wedging his tented fisherman pants into her ass crack. Yumi was bent forward now with her lips still locked with the curvy brunette. Yumi had to admit to herself, she liked being grabbed against her will like this. She found herself pushing back onto the clothed cock wondering what it would feel like if it were jammed into her pussy.
"Come on guys!" Dave said pulling his dreadlocked friend away from her after a long thirty seconds of the pair molesting her.
Yumi gasped as Vanessa let go of her. She had not breathed as she was in shock about the whole situation.
"Mmmm you taste good, come back and play with us soon Special Assistant Yumi!" Vanessa teased her and gave her a firm slap on the ass sending her on her way again. Yumi made it to the Dean's office without any more interruptions.
"How did the class go Yumi?" The Dean asked.
"It ok Sir. I come again and Doctor milk me," She replied not mentioning the students that harassed her on the way to office. She didn't want to get them in trouble.
"Excellent, happy to hear you're producing milk now. We've been giving you a something that causes your breasts to lactate. Hopefully you can produce a litre a day. It would be a nice treat for us teachers to have in the morning," He continued, "Yumi, today I'm going to teach you how to ask for something, and how to give your superiors their due respect. You are going to suck me again, but not until you've asked me very nicely for my cock. If you don't, then you won't get any more pleasure from any of us, and your new role will be a janitor, working long hours in dirty baggy clothing and your face will be covered. Nobody will be attracted to you again. Is that understood?"
Yumi certainly didn't want to clean toilets for the next two years and the Dean was right to think she loved the attention she received in her role. She had definitely warmed to it through the constant training and discipline. She was also very keen to suck the Dean's big dick again. She would continue to debase herself further and further.
"Yes Sir, I ask you nicely," She surrendered to the Dean.
"Ok, Yumi, do you want something from me? If you want to suck my hard cock all you have to do is ask..." The Dean asked.
Yumi felt a giddy flutter in her stomach upon hearing the Dean's question. The tables were turning. Now it was her who was expected to beg the Dean for her objectification. She did indeed want to suck his big eight-inch cock but at the same time she didn't want to appear completely shameless.
"Err aahhm yes Sir... can I suck c- cock?" She blurted out, her nervousness causing the last unfamiliar word to stick in her throat.
"Come on you can do better than that! Try again. Ask me NICELY Yumi-chan," The Dean said. Yumi felt like she was being chastised by her Father when he added "chan" to her name. It's the Japanese suffix for children or close friends. The Dean was her daddy now. He was her Master, she was his slave. Yumi tried again.
"Please Sir, I can suck you cock?" She said meekly.
"That's better, but I don't believe you want it," The Dean said as he sat in his chair and pushed away from his desk leaving a one metre gap between him and the desk. Yumi was standing a few metres in front of his desk shifting her weight awkwardly, not knowing what he was planning. "Ask me again, this time try to seduce me."
"Please Sir, I want big cock, please let me suck for you cock! I want it! I love it!" Yumi said quite loudly.
"That's the spirit! Good girl," The Dean said unbuckling his pants and pulling them down to his ankles, "Now, get on your hands and knees and crawl slowly over her and get your treat, Yumi-chan."
This was so terribly perverted. Here she was in the Dean's office barely dressed smelling of sex and begging to suck his cock. And now the Dean wanted her to crawl over like an animal and suck him. Yumi was getting wet at this request. She kneeled down and fell onto her hands. She could only just see the Dean's smiling face peering over the desk. Slowly she started walking on hands and knees. Her breasts were swaying back and forth and after only a few steps one breast sprung out of it's tiny covering. Yumi was close to the desk now, about half way along her journey.
"What do you want Yumi-chan? Tell me," The Dean asked her again.
"Sir I want cock, big cock sucking. Love sucking cock Sir!" Yumi said continuing on crawling, now with both tits freely swinging. She eventually crawled all the way around to in front of the Dean's chair and was now looking straight up between his bare legs staring in wonder at his big hard weeping cock. He had his hands on the armrests.
"Oh you've fallen out of your top. Lets get that silly thing off," He said pushing her back to sit on her legs he unbuckled the belt and quickly stripped her of the tiny leotard. He then used the belt to tie her hands together with them bent upwards toward her neck. "So you want this?" He said grabbing his dick and waving it in her face.
"Yes please Sir I want," Yumi said.
"Really? Are you going to be a good girl and keep sucking me as long as I say?" He teased her.
"Yes Sir, I want suck cock, I good girl, good uhm cock-sucker!" Yumi said improvising.
"Very well then, let's see how good you are. Start sucking sweetheart," He said rolling his chair slightly forward and pushing his thick head into her little mouth. Yumi stretched her lips over the warm cock-head and took in the first four inches, swirling her tongue all around. She felt great to have something in her mouth again, and she was so happy to be serving the Dean in this intimate way. The Dean reached in his left pocket where he had a remote for her clit machine and turned it onto level one. Yumi made a little noise feeling it come to life. "Oooh that's a good girl, you've learnt well, when you feel sad or lonely you can suck my cock like a dummy sweetie. You feeling good now?" The Dean asked her in earnest, he could see the change in her attitude from the start of her service. She really seemed to be getting off on her treatment.
"mmmnnnh aaah yyyrrrnnss shhhrrr," Yumi mumbled over his cock.
"Suck it like a dummy, like the thing that is put in a baby's mouth to shut it up," He explained.
Yumi didn't know the word "dummy" but now she understood what he meant. She started sucking the head in short, hard mouthfuls the Dean stroked her head and repeated "good girl" over and over. After a few minutes of this the Dean said, "Ok time to show me how deep you can take my cock Yumi-chan," and he pushed down on her head gently inserting his full length into her. Yumi was caught by surprise and pulled back from his cock. The Dean pushed again more forcefully and leaned over her and gave her a hard slap on her arse. She squealed into his deep rod.
"Bad girl Yumi! Pay more attention please!" He admonished her. Yumi felt regret instantly, she was a silly girl not obeying and relaxing her throat when the Dean wanted to use it. She doubled her efforts holding her breath and pushing the head of his cock past the back her throat. It sat there for about ten seconds then she swallowed around it sending a wave of pleasure through the Dean's body. Yumi heard the door open behind her.
"Ah there you are!" Miss White chimed bursting into the room. She saw the Dean's state of undress and leaned over the desk saying, "I can see you are busy, hello Sis," she said winking at the girl whose face was pushed up against the Dean's groin, "But you've got that 12 o'clock with the people from Provocative Parties now. Shall I send them in?"
"Ah yeah, one moment," The Dean said, "Yumi, scoot back under the desk and continue, don't take me out of your mouth ok sweetheart?" Yumi just mumbled with the cock deep in her throat and shuffled slowly back as the Dean rolled his chair forward. Once again Yumi would be sucking cock while the Dean spoke to others. It gave her a wicked thrill to have her mouth fucked in public, but hidden.
"Ok, I'll send them in now?" Miss White said raising her eyebrows at the Dean.
"Sure I'm ready," He said, "Yumi, be very quiet, but keep being a good little cock-sucker." He stroked her head once and pushed his chair the last six inches under the desk. Miss White disappeared back into her office and told a man and woman they could enter. The pair walked in and greeted the Dean.
"Hello Marcus! How are you?" The woman who appeared to be the more senior of the business said.
"I'm very well Kim, excuse me but I won't get up. I've damaged my ankle recently and it is still very painful to stand on," He explained.
"Ah sorry to hear that, no bother," She said reaching over the desk and shaking his hand. His legs were hidden beneath the desk so she couldn't see that he wasn't wearing pants. The man shook his hand after her and then they both took their seats. "So how did it happen?" she asked.
"Ah I was going for a jog and sprained it, no exciting story unfortunately," He lied.
"Well you could have lied and told me you did it in some heroic act," Kim joked. She was a tall Chinese woman with amazing legs. Highly intelligent and driven, she had started her business creating unique parties with an adult entertainment skew. Some of the things she allowed at her parties could be described as prostitution but none of the party goers, usually men on a bucks night, ever complained or reported it. And technically, what she did wasn't prostitution. She was herself a beautiful woman with amazing legs and small but perky B cup breasts. She had a small, flat face with pretty features and wore her hair in a short pixie cut. It didn't hurt to be attractive in the entertainment industry. The man sitting next to her was a Senior Account Manager called Jacob. He was responsible for making sure the clients were not only satisfied, but were completely happy.
"So, what do you think of the photos I sent you?" Marcus asked Kim.
"Yes, they were fabulous! Exactly what we are looking for," Kim said excitedly, "I think we could bundle your asset with up-sells and make a lot of money per party, of which you would receive a percentage as per our rate card, and even use the asset in some corporate events."
"Great, that sounds perfect," Marcus said, "I'm interested to see how creative you can get."
Yumi wasn't sure what they were talking about, or who these people were. What she did hear under the desk, was a lot of words she didn't understand. And to compound matters she had the buzzing of the exciter charm and her duty to concentrate on. Best to just ignore it and try to do her best while not arousing any suspicion to the Dean's guests.
"I trust you'll be attending the auction next Friday?" Marcus asked.
"We wouldn't miss it for the world! I might even make a bid myself," Jacob said.
"Haha, I don't think that would be a good idea Jacob..." Kim said putting him in his place.
"Yeah, perhaps you are right, but it would be nice,"
"What about a date with me instead?" Kim teased him.
"uhm- well, er- sure, of course!" Jacob stammered.
"I'm just messing with you Jacob! Hahaha" Kim replied.
"Better listen to the boss, mate," Marcus added.
Jacob nodded nervously. He was usually very confident with clients, but he always seemed to wilt under the commands of his beautiful Chinese boss. There was something about her that broke his will. Whether it was her tenacity, great looks or fearlessness, she never failed to unnerve him, however he really enjoyed working for her.
"We still have a bit more work to do to get our 'contractor' trained up. So I think the earliest we could start would be after the auction. Is that ok with you?" Marcus asked.
"Yes, that's fine. We have some events planned that could utilise our shared asset. We'd prefer you to complete the work so it goes off without a hitch. For example, we have a private sales party that would be a perfect first job," Kim said, speaking about Yumi as if she were merely a commodity.
"And after that we have lots of possibilities for promotional spots for alternative clubs and events," Jacob added.
"Yes, the opportunities are endless really," Kim said, "I hope you will train more contractors in the future, Marcus." Kim said.
"I haven't really given it much thought. This one was kind of a personal project, but we'll see," Marcus told her.
Marcus looked down at Yumi as he went to get something from his draw. He took this moment to grab the back of Yumi's head and pull it all the way into his hairy crotch. This time Yumi was able to take the cock in her throat smoothly. Her throat was now blocked and she had to hold her breath. The Dean held her there as he rifled through his draw pretending he couldn't find something.
"Hmm, it's in here somewhere.. where is that damn stick?" He muttered. Still holding Yumi against his pubis she was starting to think he should release her soon as she had been holding her breath for about 20 seconds now. Finally, the Dean "found" the USB stick he was looking for and released the oxygen starved girl. Yumi tried not to make any noise but she drew in a breath of air fairly loudly. The Dean was still looking down at his draw which was open directly above Yumi's head as she made this noise.
"Are you ok?" Kim asked hearing the choking noise coming from the Dean's general vicinity.
The Dean faked a few more coughs, "Ahem, -cough, cough- sorry, must have been some dust aggravating my throat." Yumi had caught her breath again and the Dean closed the drawer and shifted his pelvis forward ramming his cock down her throat again. Yumi was careful not to cough and just went back to sucking like a good slave. She sped up her rhythm now and was trying to get the Dean to come, trying to make him have trouble talking, as a small payback for cutting off her oxygen. It was a pretty lame revenge as the meeting was now pretty much over.
"Oh, -cough, cough-, ahh, thanks for meeting me today, ahh," The Dean said having some trouble trying to speak to Kim with his cock being sucked hard.
"Ahh no problem, best to meet in person to discuss. We'll be in touch later... do you need a glass of water? You seem a little flushed?" Kim said noticing his arousal.
"Hmm? AH no I'm fiiiine thanks Kim," Marcus said unable to calm himself.
"Ok, whatever you say... I won't make you get up, don't want to cause you any trouble standing," Kim said reaching over the desk to shake his hand. Jacob did the same and then they let themselves out. After they left the Dean looked down at Yumi who was furiously trying to suck his cock as fast as she could, and he then reached in his pocket pulled out the remote control and clicked her clit charm up to level three.
"mmmmrrrrmmmmpphhh!!" Yumi garbled. She was really working her abdominal muscles now trying to speed up.
"Do you need a hand there sweetheart?" The Dean said as he grabbed the base of her pigtails and started pulling her head onto his cock faster than she could do herself. Yumi was moaning loving the feeling of being face-fucked by the strong man and loving the terrible teasing of the clitoral attachment keeping her on the edge of orgasm. After a minute, the Dean pulled her head off his dick and stopped the exciter charm. Yumi was confused. She reached forward with her neck trying to get the cock back in her mouth but the Dean moved it away from her. Yumi had a puzzled look on her face and she kneeled trying to rub her pussy on the carpet beneath her.
"Yumi- STOP!" The Dean bellowed at her. Yumi immediately stopped moving and stared into his serious eyes. "Do you want to come right now?"
"uuunnnnghh yes Sir, I want come so bad! I horny now! So horny! Pleeeease!" Yumi pleaded. She found that she had grown to love the feeling so much that when it was taken away she felt absolutely tortured. At this point, she would do anything to have her charm turned back on to a higher speed and have the Dean's cock in her mouth.
"Ok that's better. Are you looking forward to serving me and anybody else I tell you to over the next two years?" The Dean asked.
"Yes Sir, I do anything! Please I come now?!? Please help!" Yumi was frantic. She had been left high and horny. Her brain couldn't think of anything but release.
"Yumi, we think you've been performing well, but we have spent a lot of our time and capital on you and will be spending more as well. So we've borrowed a lot a capital, but now we need to transfer that liability to you. It will go towards paying for your training, clothing, trips, etc. Before we can continue, I need you to sign some papers. We need you to let us be your legal agent. That, or we make an anonymous call to the Police. I think they might find you prostituting with drugs in a hotel somewhere, but who really knows?" The Dean threatened Yumi.
"Regal agent, Sir?" Yumi asked puzzled still distracted by her arousal, she didn't understand what he meant by "legal agent" it was a term she didn't know. All she understood was that her pussy was on fire.
"Yes, we've decided that we need to be able to make all the difficult decision for you, so you won't be bothered by it," He explained, "That's ok with you, yes?" He turned on her exciter charm to level three as he said this.
"Eeeehhhh yaaaaahhhh oooohhhh ooooh" Yumi squealed in ecstasy.
"Sounds like you approve..." The Dean said. He buzzed on the intercom on his desk, "Miss White, please bring in legal documents."
"Ok," Miss White replied. She came in a moment later with the papers. "We will look after you, Sis, don't worry your pretty head!" She beamed.
"Yumi, do you want to sign?" The Dean asked as he turned off the exciter. Yumi was owned already, this was just making it legally binding. She was going mad with desire and wanted to come.
"But Sir, I adult?" Yumi asked.
"Not in your home country, not until next year. So we can make decisions for you until you are 20, then we will review whether we will continue to be your legal agent after that time," The Dean said.
"I not sure Sir," Yumi said unsure of what this meant. It meant that her guardian would be the Dean. He would be able to make financial and legal decision for her. The Dean turned the charm on again and waived his still-erect cock in her face. Yumi let some drool out of her mouth. She was mortified her lust was manifesting in such a visceral and physical way, but she couldn't help it.
"Just sign it Yumi, then you can suck on your dummy again. Wouldn't that make you happy, sweetheart? Be a good girl and you'll be rewarded, I'll make you feel great," The Dean urged her as he switched off the exciter charm. Yumi sat on her heels yearning for release for the next minute while the Dean continued to turn the charm off for ten seconds then on for a count of four seconds. Finally Yumi cried out.
"I do it Sir! I want cock! I want come, I sign!"
"Good girl," He said putting the papers in front of her and giving her a pen to sign. Yumi had to steady her hand before signing and she was shaking a little from the build up of sexual energy. Her fate was now sealed. She would become a part of many of the Dean's business interests, and she was certain to turn a handsome profit for him and the College. The Dean turned the charm back onto level one. He stood up and push his chair away.
"Yumi, you want your dummy? Come get it," He said taking a step backwards. Yumi missed the feeling of a cock in her mouth. She crawled after the Dean and then tried to reach with her hands for his engorged member.
"Ah uh ah,"He said condescendingly waving his index finger in front of her face, "No hands. You reach with your mouth only."
Yumi tried again as the Dean walked slowly backwards. She managed to kiss the head of it but couldn't get her mouth around it. She crawled faster and stretched her body upwards to his crotch and sucked on the last two inches. Immediately it popped out of her mouth.
"Oooh that was close!" The Dean praised her, "Good girl, try again."
The next time Yumi got four inches of it in and she sucked hard to keep it in her mouth. She felt a perverse pride in her feat.
"Well done sweetie, you earned your dummy! Now follow me and keep it in your mouth. If it comes out you will be punished," The Dean warned her sternly.
Yumi felt like a total owned whore. She was being led with a cock around the office and she loved it. She had just given up more of her rights to the Dean. Just when she thought she couldn't feel any more helpless and out of control, the Dean introduced a new level of degradation for her.
"Oh one more thing, I almost forgot the best part!" The Dean said pulling a piece of black cloth from his pocket, "So you really are led by my cock." He squat down in front of Yumi so she could keep sucking him and tied the black cloth around her head covering her eyes. It would be much harder for Yumi to keep the dick in her mouth. This was crazy, but so intensely exciting. The Dean stood up again and Yumi stretched her neck and her arms under her to follow the hard hot rod in her mouth.
"Very good girl, you are a well-trained slut aren't you?" The Dean asked.
"Mmmmrrrmmmff," Yumi replied that she was. Being blindfolded made her more aware of her tortured clit. She needed to come soon or she thought she might lose her mind. She wanted to rub herself but if she tried she would fall flat on her face and lose the cock in her mouth. She tried to talk by opening her mouth wider but the cock was too thick, so it came out all garbled.
"ssshhhiuurrg, eeeiiggh mmmommm mooo ggguuhm rreeeiigh."
"Hahaha, that's so adorable sweetheart! I think you want to come, yes?" The Dean teased her. Yumi nodded her head emphatically being careful to keep four inches in her warm wet hole. "Soon sweetie, you be a good girl and do your job first." Yumi was crawling along following the Dean's movements, trying to rub the top of her thighs together desperately trying to get herself off. The Dean led her to the door to Miss White's office. He knocked on the door.
"Miss White, are you free?" He called through the door.
"Yes Dean, there's no one here," She replied.
"Please lock your door and open this one, I'm coming in. I have something to show you," He replied.
Miss White walked to the door that connected the rest of the College and locked it. Then she went to the door the Dean was standing behind with his little cock-sucker attached and opened it.
"Ooh! What's this? Teaching Yumi new tricks?" She asked suggestively.
"Yeah, watch this, she's getting good," He said, "Let's do a circuit of Miss White's desk, Yumi, come on!"
He led her quite quickly around Miss White's desk. Yumi had to move fast to stop the cock popping out of her drooling mouth. Her tits and ass were bouncing around deliciously, Miss White was getting turned on seeing the blind-folded beauty in this hopeless state. A perfect cock-sucking slave. Miss White clapped at the perverted display.
"Wow! Good girl, Yumi!" Miss White gushed as she bent down to stroke Yumi's head, "That's so impressive the way you followed his cock! I'm proud of my little Sis!"
Yumi felt so dirty and overly aroused but she also felt an inner peace at having performed well. Miss White stroking her head reinforced her position as a College property to be used solely for enjoyment. These completely subservient and sexual acts mixed with her own agonising arousal was a feedback loop. She would have a physical reaction instantly to being ordered around as a slave. Now she would begin getting wet without being touched or excited. In addition to her constant training, and unbeknownst to her, since the last week the Dean had been playing NLP messages in her room at a low volume after she was asleep. Her submissive nature was being intensified even as she slept.
The Dean's cock was feeling pretty amazing right now, he was almost ready to blow in her mouth, but he held off. He had to ask Yumi a serious question.
"Yumi we are going to go to your room now, Miss Whit will join us as well," He said. Miss White smiled as she wasn't sure if the Dean would invite her.
"Let's go now Yumi-chan!" The Dean announced in a honeyed, patronising tone. Yumi mumbled over the Dean's cock as she followed him through the door back into his office and then through another door that led down the hall. Miss White was following closely behind Yumi as the Dean walked backwards. It took about three minutes for them to reach Yumi's bedroom. When they got there the Dean quickly pulled out of her mouth. Yumi's mouth was left wide open with a large string of spit spilling onto the floor.
"Sorry Sir! I make mistake!" Yumi said having lost the cock in her mouth. She wondered what her punishment would be.
"No, it's ok Yumi, I did that on purpose. But you are a good girl for apologising so fast," He reassured her, "I need to ask you; Do you want to come now?"
"Yes Sir! Yes, I come please! I want come! Please Sir!" Yumi begged hysterically.
"Ok, but I don't know, I don't know if you really want to," He said cruelly, turning off her exciter charm.
"Aaaaaahhh Please Sir! I do anything! Please I come!! Help me!" Yumi continued shouting.
"Well, I think you already will do anything... Do you want your Master to take your cherry?" The Dean said to the still blind-folded beauty.
"Eh? I not know 'cherry'? What mean Sir?" Yumi said puzzled.
"It means, your virginity sweetheart. You want your Master to fuck you? Should I ask your Daddy if he wants me to fuck his little girl?"
Yumi had a sudden sick feeling in her stomach when he mentioned her Father. She felt like this was all wrong. Despite wanting cock so badly, and previously thinking she didn't care about waiting until marriage, she was overcome with an overwhelming feeling of wanting to honour her parents. "Oh! Sir I must pure for marriage! Please my parents, please no!" Yumi could think of nothing she would love more, but her Father and her Mother would be profoundly ashamed if she wasn't a virgin before marriage.
"Oh that is a pity! Well, I'm afraid I can't let you come then. This is really disappointing Yumi. I thought you would do anything for me? I'll just have to fuck your pretty face then, you'll have to enjoy swallowing my cum instead," The Dean tormented her.
"And what do you think your parents will think about you coming in Felicity's Lingerie store?" Miss White asked the tortured teen.
"Honto?" Yumi said in her native tongue, completely caught by surprise. She didn't realise that everything was being filmed. She knew that sounded pretty nave at this point. They had her totally under their control.
"Yes Yumi... should we send them an anonymous video? Neither myself or the Dean are in the video, it seems as though you just did that lewd modelling work for money. Will they be happy to see their daughter doing that kind of thing?" Miss White ridiculed her helpless slave.
"Please no! Father won't like! He will shamed! He lose face! I sorry... I.. I do it!!" Yumi begged dramatically.
"Oh so you do want your Master to make love to you now? So indecisive Yumi-chan!" The Dean mocked her, "Well, I still don't believe you. I will only give you this gift if you really, really want it sweetheart."
Yumi thought seriously about her predicament. If she didn't do what they wanted she would shame her family when they saw the video of her. If she did, then she wouldn't have to tell them that she was not a virgin. She really had no choice but to let the Dean take her.
"Ok Sir, I do it, please no tell Father!" Yumi begged.
"He doesn't have to know. But Yumi, you need to ask me nicer than that. Sounds like you don't want my big hard cock in your pretty pussy?" The Dean told her.
"Sir please give me big hard cock, I want it, I need cock Master!" Yumi pleaded. She really meant every word of it too.
"That's better. Tell me, who's pussy is that?" The Dean asked.
"ahh, it your pussy Sir! All me belong to you," Yumi admitted. She was understanding how completely owned she was now. Every inch of her body was owned by the Dean and the College.
"That's right Yumi-chan. Tell me again what you want..." The Dean asked while he pulled her onto the bed and lay her on her back. He then straddled her chest sitting on her big tits. As she was about to speak he inserted his cock in her mouth.
"I want fuuugghmmmff-" Yumi struggled to speak as she accommodated the thick intruder. Meanwhile, Miss White had crouched between her legs behind her and grabbed the clit vibrator with her fingers and started to lick the tip of her clitoris. "MmMMmMmMFFF!" Yumi wailed.
"Is that nice sweetheart?" Miss White asked happy to finally suck the girl's pussy.
Yumi responded by bucking her hips into Miss White's mouth. The Dean was fucking her mouth hard, pushing in all eight inches of his manhood. Miss White increased her intensity on the beautiful slave's hot button.
"I'll tell you what, if you can resist an orgasm for the next two minutes I will fuck you. If you can't then we will think of another way for you to lose your cherry. However, we won't make it easy for you..." The Dean said not slowing his rhythm for a moment. He looked at his watch and said, "Annnnd the time starts.. NOW!"
Yumi tried to push away all of the wonderful feelings in her body but it felt futile. She wanted to come more than anything else. Her mind was foggy and she couldn't think of anything, just pleasure. After thirty seconds the Dean produced the remote control to her exciter charm and smiled as he switched it on to level four. Instantly, she was screaming into the cock filling her mouth and wildly bucking her hips. Miss White clawed her nails into Yumi's full and round arse cheeks holding her down. It felt weird to lick the buzzing motor but she continued, further adding to Yumi's agonising struggle to not come.
The Dean was about to blow in her mouth as his strokes became rapid. Yumi still had another 45 seconds to last but it was hopeless. She screamed loudly as she came. This pushed the Dean over the edge and he came into her mouth. Yumi was gargling on the cum as the Dean slipped his cock out of her. Miss White was lapping up Yumi's pussy juice like it was a quickly melting ice-cream cone. She was even making sounds to show how tasty she found it. Yumi was twitching as little spurts of cum shot out of her hot pussy.
"Swallow it all down like a good girl," The Dean ordered her, directing the cum that spilled on her face into her mouth with his index finger. With his left hand he turned off the exciter charm.
Yeeesss.. sir.." Yumi said into between ragged breaths.
"Now clean my cock," The Dean said slowly and purposefully, "Get under the skin, be sure to get all the cum off Yumi-chan."
She paid special attention to her task, swirling her tongue around the shaft and head. More semen was leaking out of the Dean's still turgid cock. She swallowed it down as a good girl should. Yumi felt disappointed that she wasn't able to last the full two minutes without coming. At least she still had her virginity but she, of course, realised it wouldn't last. Now it might be someone else that gets to fuck her first. Surely the Dean would want to take her for himself she thought. Yumi wished that he would, she would be careful to be a very good girl for him and beg him to be the one to take her cherry.
"Sis, you've really made a mess down here... So cute the way you squirt so much! I'll clean you up with a bath," Miss White said. She left the Dean and Yumi to run the water for Yumi's bath in the bathroom next door.
"If only you could have held on a little longer, now I'm afraid we will have to add your virginity as part of the auction," The Dean lamented.
"No Sir! Please no! I want you take my pussy! Please!" Yumi cried, still exhausted from her orgasm.
"You will do as you are told... Do you want me to send that video to your Father?" The Dean blackmailed her.
"No Sir! But how I sex stranger?" Yumi begged.
"Ok, I've had enough of this. Put your ass in the air and your face on the bed," The Dean commanded Yumi.
"Sorry Sir..." Yumi said as she raised her ass in the air for him. He turned the vibrator back on to level three and started spanking her ass hard.
"Count each one and then say 'thank you for correcting me, Sir'" The Dean said.
Yumi was jerking her body violently from the vibrator and from the spanks hitting her wet arse. She felt like she might come again, and quickly. She managed to count all ten spanks without forgetting to add 'thank you for correcting me, Sir'. After he was finished, the Dean used his tie to bind Yumi's wrists behind her back. Next, he turned up the charm to level five. Yumi screamed as she was overcome with another orgasm. She couldn't hold on to her bladder and again started pissing all over her bed.
"I've set it to go off at random intervals, anywhere between one and three minutes, for 20 second bursts. You can stay like that for the next half hour while you think about what you said to me. It should serve as a reminder what happens to bad girls who don't do as they are told, Yumi-chan." And so it was, Yumi was left face down and unable to get up, with her own pee pooling at her knees, being teased by a tiny machine shaking her clitoris for the next 30 minutes as she waited for Miss White to clean her hot, dirty and incredibly sexy body. She was becoming exhausted, her eyes had rolled back in her head from the intense pleasure she was feeling and her body was a twitching mass of sensitive nerves.
The Dean gave her a firm slap on the ass as he left her. Yumi wondered who would win her virginity next week. This was the most helpless she had ever felt and she loved it, but she was still scared at the idea of being fucked for the first time by someone she had, most likely, never met. She just had tell herself that it was all part of her duty as Special College Assistant. She was doing it for the College, and her Master, the Dean.