*All characters are 18+*
Ava lay across the bed, eating pocky in her boyfriend's t-shirt, watching Sailor Moon once again somehow not recognize Tuxedo Man. "All he did was put on an eye mask!" she groaned in gentle frustration. She was in a good mood today; it was a sunny Saturday morning, her love was supposedly cooking them breakfast today (she'd believe it when she saw it), and she had caught up on all her work assignments. She sighed peacefully, looking forward to a chill, peaceful day.
She glanced towards the doors as Michael walked down the hall towards their room. She let her eyes glaze over his body, appreciating every muscle and line of that walking meal. It didn't hurt that he was her Daddy, and she was his babygirl. He could just look at her for a second too long and she would begin to melt. It was almost unfair. What she didn't like was the emptiness in his hands.
"I thought you were cooking breakfast today babe?" She asked him. He leaned against the door frame, watching her with a mischievous look on his face.
"We need to go to the store. I made a list of what we need." He crossed the room and sat down on the bed next to her, handing her the list before pulling her legs into his lap and stroking them softly. She read over the list, trying not to focus on his hands on her thighs. Eggs, bread, milk, cheese, fruit, water, ice cream, ground beef, chicken, and chips.
"Okay, so we just need these 10 things?" she turned over looking at him, curious about that look still on his face. He bent down and kissed her softly on the lips, then neck, and lifting the hem of her (his) shirt, kissed her right above her vagina. She shuddered at the sensation of his fingers working their way up her thighs, and gasped as they entered, two at once.
He gently, yet firmly, twisted his fingers while driving them deep in her, searching for gold. She sighed when he pulled them out, her breathing slowing down, but before she could say anything, she felt him place something else in her: the new remote vibrator that had arrived last week.
"Ah!" she gasped, arching her back as he twisted the vibe inside her, laughing.
"What's wrong babygirl? You alright?" She chuckled at him.
"You got jokes." He laughed, then stood up, and tossed her a bra.
"Come on and get dressed so we can go." She sat up, looking at him incredulously.
"We're going to the store with this toy inside me?" He nodded silently, a small smile creeping onto his face. He went to the closet and sifted through her clothes before pulling out a red and gold knee-length sundress.
"Wear this." he instructed, laying it down next to her bra, and walked out of the room. Ava sat there stunned, but excited. She had always wanted to try remote toy play in public, but how would it feel? How long could she take it? Currently, he still had it on sleep mode, but the simple feeling of it sitting snugly in her pussy had already begun to make her hot. Obediently, she put on the bra, dress, and a pair of sandals, and grabbed the grocery list.
Michael was waiting for her by the door, keys in hand. When she drew near, he pulled her into him, holding her face and kissing her deeply. She moaned against his tongue in her mouth, as his hands massaged her ass, her arms wrapped around his neck. Oh, she was ready now, fuck breakfast!
She clung on to him tighter, lifting her leg up against his waist, hoping he would grab it and pick her up. But he didn't. He drew away from her, a smoldering darkness in his eyes. He wanted to take her now and they hadn't even left the house. "Nope babygirl. I promised you breakfast, remember?" He laughed as she pouted. "It will be worth the wait." She reluctantly followed him outside and into the car.
Michael turned on the radio and jammed along to the tunes as he drove. Ava tried to relax, but every time the car hit a bump in the road, she was reminded of the toy inside of her. She peeked at his phone, knowing the app was open, but he hadn't touched it. She fidgeted in her seat. "Soooo....when are you going to turn it on?" she asked him. He chuckled, not looking at her.
"When I'm ready. Patience, little one, patience." She pouted a little bit in the seat, but he still paid her no mind, snapping his fingers to the beat on the radio. Ava's excitement and nervousness grew as they pulled into the parking lot. Turning off the car, he handed her the list. "You'll need this. I'm just here to make sure you don't fall."
He walked around to her door, helping her out. "You ready?" he asked her, smiling. She simply nodded, and smiled back, finding herself unable to get words out. She took a deep breath, accepted his hand, and they walked into the store together.
Michael retrieved the basket and Ava put her purse down inside, laying the list neatly on top. Eggs, bread, milk, cheese, fruit, water, ice cream, ground beef, chicken, and chips. Michael stood behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist, phone in hand. She looked down and watched as he finally turned the app on, starting on the lowest setting.
She shifted as she felt the soft vibration begin inside her. It wasn't intense, just a small hum resting against her walls. Oh this was doable. She smiled to herself, confident that she'd be just fine. Ava shivered as Michael's lips brushed the tips of ears.
"You seem happy. Hmmm. Look at the list again. There are 10 items on the list." she nodded, and he continued, holding the phone up to her so she could see the app. "There are 10 settings of increasing intensity here. Whenever you take something off the list, I will increase the toy to its next level. We'll see how you do."
He stepped away from her, a family of children walking by. She stared at him wide-eyed, her confidence deflated. 10 settings? What does that even feel like? She shifted again, the soft hum pressing against her walls again. "O...kay. Let's do this then..." She trailed off. Michael laughed at her change of behavior and rubbed her back.
"You'll be just fine. Come on babygirl."
Eggs, the first item on the list was on the other side of the store. Michael walked a pace behind her, humming a tune to himself, his hand in his pocket where his phone was. Ava was fine when they had gotten out of the car, but as she walked the soft hum continued to heat her insides slowly. Every step she took, she felt the toy shifting inside of her vagina, where Michael had deeply planted it. Gratefully, the eggs were on a shelf that was eye level to her.
She grabbed an 18 count carton of grade A eggs, and put them in the basket. Looking at Michael, he smiled softly at her and she watched his hand move in his pocket, increasing the toy to level 2. The difference was instant. While it was almost as soft as the first setting, the pulsating rhythm had changed, almost staccato. She cleared her throat and stood still for a few seconds, allowing her body to adjust. With a soft breath, Ava crossed eggs off the list.
"Okay...next is bread." Ava scanned the aisle markers, groaning when she realized the bread aisle was by the entrance, back on the other side of the store, where they had entered. She turned to Michael. "Did you make the list in this order for a reason?" He simply smiled at her and shrugged, not answering her question. That was an answer in itself.
By the time they reached the bread aisle, Ava had begun to feel a small sensation, almost pressure in the bottom of her torso. It wasn't unbearable or even painful, just different. Michael reached down and grabbed a loaf of Nature's Own Butterbread. As he stood up, his hand moved in his pocket, and the pulsing vibration switched again, slightly stronger than the last setting and matching the beat of a marching drum. Michael watched her amusedly as she shifted her stance, squeezing her thighs together, a concentrated look on her face. Awww...babygirl was trying to readjust. How adorable.
Michael took the list from her, and crossed off bread. "Alright...next is milk. It's back over there by the eggs." Ava gave him an annoyed look and he laughed out loud. She didn't appreciate this one bit. He couldn't wait to fuck her back to happiness later. She stalked past him, her bratty side beginning to peek its little horns out.
He grabbed the basket and followed her amusedly. Ava had managed to find a walking stride that didn't make her twitch, and was very grateful for it. Though the setting was relatively low, she had begun to get wet, and could feel it.
When she opened the fridge door to get a gallon of 2% milk out, she stood still for a moment, letting the cool air from the fridge cool her down. The coldness felt good against her skin, and she tilted her head back, allowing her neck to be chilled as well. As she did so, Michael slid behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist, and began kissing her on her neck.
She gasped looking around, but they were alone. He kissed her neck again, allowing his tongue to graze against the base of her neck, sending shivers of electricity down her spine. He grabbed her breast with his left hand, massaging her areolas before pulling on her nipples, making her pussy twitch. As he did that, he reached down with his right hand, and placed his hand on her pussy, rubbing the lips gently, using two of his fingers to gently twist on her clit. Ava shuddered and released a low, deep moan, as he set her on fire.
His fingers and tongue were tasting and salivating her like the richest of meals, like he was searching for gold. Ava felt the pressure in her torso quickly pick up in intensity and took shaky breaths. If he was looking for gold, he was about to find it. But before she could cum, he stopped, releasing her from his grasp, taking one of his pussy soaked fingers and sliding it in his mouth, tasting what was his. Ava looked at him glaze eyed, slightly incoherent at the sudden stop in intensity.
He placed his other finger in her mouth, and she sucked on it gently. "See how you taste? Like fucking honey." he growled in her ear, gripping her ass and squeezing it hard. Ava let out a small whimper, body on fire, being chilled by the open fridge door. Michael backed away, finding the list, and crossed off milk.
He reached in his pocket and took out his phone. "I think we can make this move a little faster." He pressed something on his phone, and the toy inside her switched over to a fast pulsing, strong vibration that made Ava lean on the cart. "That's the 6th setting. We'll split up and grab something separately. I'll get the cheese, fruit, water, and ice cream, and you can go get the ground beef and chicken, I'll meet you in the chip aisle." With that, he kissed her forehead, and walked away, taking the basket with him.
Ava tried to steady her breath as the toy jumped around inside of her. Fuck, she couldn't think. Focus, love, focus. "I can do this." She said to herself with a resolve. She stood straight up, locked her knees, and walked as slowly and gently as she could across the store yet again.
Ava felt as if everyone in the store could see her dilemma. It was probably in her head, but she just knew the nice mother with her little girl could feel the heat emanating from her pussy as she walked by. The overnight stocker seemed to look at her a little too long. Was she dripping a trail of juice on the floor? She paused for a moment to look down - nope, no pussy juice trail. It was a matter of time though. Ava could feel her pussy practically salivating on itself.
At this moment in time, she didn't give a shit about him cooking breakfast; she'd be his breakfast and he'd be hers. She felt her eyes begin to glaze over again as she made it to the meat department, and had to blink a few times to find the ground beef and chicken she was tasked with getting. She looked for the chip aisle, doing a silent dance inside when she saw it was close.
From here, she could see Michael in the aisle waiting for her. She clenched her thighs together, trying her best not to drip on the floor and focusing on putting one foot in front of the other while her pussy did jumping jacks. Slowly but surely, she made it to Michael, dropping the food in the grocery cart.
He sized her up. She wouldn't be able to make it much longer on foot. He felt himself feeling a tiny bit of compassion for his babygirl. "Come on, you can wait in the car while I check out." He offered Ava his arm and she clung on to him gratefully and unsteadily. He helped her to the entrance, giving her the keys, and kissing her cheek. "Go on, I won't be long."
Ava gave him a shaky nod, and walked gingerly out to the car. Michael watched her to make sure she got in and locked the doors. Once she had done so, he looked as she reclined the seat and laid it down. What was she doing? Was she touching herself without his permission? That just wouldn't do. He took out his phone, and turned the setting all the way to 10, turning around and heading to the checkout.
When the vibrator kicked to full intensity, Ava let out a loud cry, praying nobody was near the car. Shit, shit, shit! It felt like a pair of fingers were inside of her, fingering her at rapid speed. He must have seen her recline the seat. Fuck. She hadn't checked to make sure he was gone before trying to fix herself. This was his punishment. What should she do? It'd be worse later if she took the toy out. She'd get a spanking for sure, and not the kind she liked.
She gathered as much strength as she could and raised herself back up, fixing the seat in its normal place. She buckled herself in and took slow deep breaths, while the vibrator fucked her insides. It seemed to take forever for Michael to come outside. He took his time walking to the car, unloading the groceries, putting the cart all the way back to the holding station, then finally getting into the car. He looked at her, ignoring him, taking deep breaths. She was doing her best to hold on to what little control she had left. He ruffled her hair, making her jump.
"You ready to go home?" he asked her. She kept her eyes closed, but slowly nodded. "You're doing a good job, I'm proud of you babygirl." His words of praise made her heart skip a beat and she gathered her dress up in fists at her knees, praying they'd be home soon, so he could take this out of her and fill her up with himself instead.
Michael drove home as softly as he could, avoiding speed bumps and hilly streets. Ava had suffered enough, and it was his job to take her out of her misery. When they pulled into the garage, Ava didn't even try to get out of the car. She was almost a statue, that's how still she was, concentrating on not pooling her juices out on the car seat. Michael grabbed the groceries and brought them into the kitchen, before coming to rescue her.
He wrapped his arms around her back and under her legs, picking her up bridal style as she held on to him tightly, quietly moaning in his neck as the toy began to wriggle itself out of her. Before he could lay her on the bed, the soaking wetness of her pussy, combined with her contracting muscles, had slowly pushed the vibrator out of her, where it plopped to the floor, shiny and slick as it buzzed against the carpet. Michael laid Ava down where she could finally catch her breath as he turned the toy off.
Wordlessly he pushed her dress up around her hips, and placed his head between her thighs, licking the sweet juice that had trailed down her legs as they rode home. She moaned and grabbed onto the bed sheets as his tongue finally found its home in her warm, wet, shaking pussy. He licked her lips clean, before parting them and sucking gently on her clit. Ava let out a loud moan as he slid two fingers deep inside of her and twisted them roughly, searching for the gold he had tapped earlier. Before she could warn him, she squirted all over his face and beard, hips arching without control. She cried out as she finally reached that sweet place of relief, the tension finally leaving her body.
Michael pulled Ava up to a sitting position and she looked at his face, glistening with her juice, and began to lick it clean. He held on to her as she licked her tongue up and down his cheeks, over his eyes, around his lips, before slipping her tongue into his mouth. She kissed him like she was a starving prisoner and he was her last meal. He matched her energy, gripping the back of her head, holding her in place as their tongues danced. He moved down to her collarbone and neck, biting her there, licking and sucking on her neck roughly.
She tilted her head back, moaning without restraint, holding on to him, finding the hem of his shirt and pulling it up over his head. He shoved her down on the bed roughly, yanking her dress off and throwing it across the room. His mouth traveled down her body, pausing to lick and suck on her breast, twisting her nipples between his fingers. He bit the soft skin of her sides and upper torso, traveling further down, past her waist, biting and sucking the inside of her thighs. She shook and moaned under his tongue and teeth, spreading her legs open, inviting him inside. Michael couldn't resist any longer. He pushed his shorts off, stroking his dick, pushing her legs farther open before slowly pushing himself inside of her.
Her pussy welcomed him home like a warm embrace. Both of them moaned in unison as her vagina gripped itself around his dick, pulling him deeper in. He pushed himself all the way in, until his pelvis touched hers, and Ava's back arched, head tilted back and her mouth forming a silent O. He growled softly in her ear, as he slowly pulled partially out before pushing himself deep in her again. He repeated this slow push and pull for a few strokes until her body relaxed slightly, and there was less resistance.
Once her muscles began to relax, he begun fucking her deep, hard, fast, and rough. He pounded her pussy mercilessly, fucking her into the mattress as she screamed his name, digging her nails into his back, wrapping her legs tightly around his waist, locking him in. He grabbed her hair, pulling it back to expose her neck and began to bite and suck her neck as he fucked her. She was whimpering now, words incoherent as he drilled her without rest.
She felt so good, so warm, so vulnerable and soft under him and he just wanted to... break her in the most loving of ways. He whispered in her ear, "Who's pussy is this? Who do you belong to?"
Ava choked out a response between gasps. "It's... yours.....Daddyyyyyy!!!."
She came violently on the last syllable, arms and legs wrapped around him tight, locking him in, nails scratching sharply down his spine. He came at the same time she did, their fluids mixing together. Spent, they lay there for a moment, breathing hard, their bodies a beautiful brown pretzel. Michael stroked her hair and the side of her face. "Are you okay? Did I hurt you?" She shook her head, smiling at him, and kissed his cheek.
"No Daddy, you never hurt me. Thank you..." He kissed her gently, before standing up to survey the mess. They both needed washing, as did the sheets.
Michael ran warm water in their garden tub, adding a little pour of bubble bath in as well. As the water filled, he wet a towel and cleaned Ava up as best as he could without moving her. When the water was half full, he turned it off, and retrieving her from the bed, carried Ava into the bathroom and set her down gently in the tub. She rested her head back against the neck cushion and sighed gratefully, the warm water and bubbles soothing her sore muscles.
Michael blew a bubble playfully in her face, rubbing the top of her head before getting into the shower to clean himself off. Ava closed her eyes and let herself relax, nodding off before she realized it. When Michael got out of the shower, he wasn't surprised to see her sleeping. He checked the water and it was still extremely warm.
He quietly dried off and put on a pair of sweats before loading the sheets into the washing machine. He hummed to himself as he took the groceries out of the bags he had left on the counter, and went about making the breakfast he had promised his babygirl.