This is Suzi: I'm the Slut Stripper wife Part 3 reworked.
*
I was stroking my husbands face as he sat on the bed beside me, excited from our voyeur exhibitionist session, having just watch me take his friends two cocks. I was in a post orgasmic state of euphoria, still tingling from the delectable fucking the guys had just admonished. Both guys were washing the hard earned sweat from their toned bodies as I smiled at James, still wearing the lingerie the guys had fucked me in.
"Time for a confession." I smiled.
"This sounds interesting!" James responded, smiling at me with a wicked look in his eye.
"That's the first time both guys have fucked me, but we have a history between the three of us. The day of the barbecue was all pre planned. Everything that happened that day was pre ordained by the guys and myself!" I said with a look of pride.
"The guys had cornered me at a party a few weeks earlier, and between playing with my tits and fingering my pussy and ass, they then convinced me excitedly that I should become a stripper and that they should be my first audience. The thought of being a stripper pinged through my pussy, making me tingle with excitement. They'd both felt me up on numerous occasions and I'd played with their cocks, but as yet they had never saw me fully naked. Both guys were big fans of my shaved pussy and pierced nipples, having played with them on numerous occasions. They both knew they were pressing the right buttons for me as I squirmed with delight as they showered the compliments in my direction." I smiled confidently.
"The guys were telling me how sexy, large and firm my breasts were, with my tiny narrow waist accentuating my hourglass figure. They longed to see my exposed breasts and my smooth shaved pussy revealed after removing some sexy slut lingerie." I purred stroking James naked thigh with my talon like nails "They said guys would go wild to see me dance and disrobe!"
James swallowed hard as I continued.
"They even said that you would enjoy watching me do a striptease for some guys and would probably want them to fuck me as it would turn you on so much! I was hooked at that suggestion, my pussy tingling at the thought of you watching me writhe beneath a guy as he fucked me!"
James looked more than a little shocked at my confession.
"They were turning me on so much. Mike was playing with my tits, cupping them gently but twisting the nipples magnificently. Dave was fingering my pussy deep, pushing his finger toward my Gspot knowing how much he could make me squirt. I came panting like a slut telling them I would do the striptease, but would need some coaxing and support from the guys!" I smiled noticing the bulge in James underwear increase dramatically.
"Dave said he would ensure that he and Mike would turn me on so much that I would be desperate to strip, with or without your consent, which as it turned out was exactly how I felt!"
James face was flushed and his hands were visibly trembling.
"Where was this conversation held?" James asked inquisitively.
"I met them for a quick drink the Friday before the barbecue on the pretence to discuss a surprise birthday party for you. They teased me on the phone with some naughty sexting, something they do quite often, then followed it up with a sexy phone call asking me to meet them in a sexy dress with sexy slut stockings beneath. I was finding it difficult to resist these guys now and dressed as they requested. We had a few drinks in the hotel lounge, which removed any inhibitions I had and involved an enormous amount of flirting with some under the table heavy petting. The guys were arousing me deliciously with their flirting and antics, teasing my breasts and pussy. If they had taken me upstairs to a room I would probably have fucked both of them. That was not to be, when they decided to take me into the nightclub next door, where they took turns in fingering me to orgasm in a little corner booth, using me as their personal slut!"
James looked shocked but unmistakably aroused.
"I was wearing stockings and garters, which as I said they had suggested I wear earlier on the phone and I was delighted to do so. In no time at all their hands began to slide up my stockinged legs, which I did not discourage, as I sat with my legs wide open being finger fucked to orgasm as I stroked their huge cocks, in the dark booth. They had told me to turn up pantie less and I willingly obliged. I had their cocks unzipped as each guy took turns in kissing me passionately whilst I stroked their cocks. I was mesmerised by the size and hardness of both of their cocks, and I was absolutely desperate to be fucked by these magnificent specimens of manhood. I straddled Dave at one point, my shaved pussy sliding along his shaft, but due to the restricted confines of the booth, full penetration wasn't possible. I continued stroking the huge cocks, matching the rhythm of the finger blasting the guys were conducting on my gushing pussy. When they guys came I thought it only fair that I should swallow their spunk as I was acting like a shameless slut and was desperate to pleasure them as their slut!" I smiled, watching James arousal heighten "I slid my lips over their exploding cocks and looked into their eyes as they unloaded their spunk into my cheating slut mouth, besides I'd been fingered by them a few times in the past and I'd jerked them off on more than one occasion, so swallowing seemed like a straightforward advancement!" I giggled relishing in James humiliation.
"I'd never fucked them before, but I did have Dave slide his huge cock inside me once before!" I said shocking James a little more.
"His cock was inside you! But he didn't fuck you?" James said with a confused expression on his face.
"It was when we were at the tarts and vicars fancy dress party. I was dressed as a tart, obviously! I was wearing a black leather mini skirt with matching waistcoat, remember? My black fishnet stockings were visible as the mini skirt was so short and tight. We had been flirting outrageously all evening, avoiding your prying eyes to allow Dave to have a serious fondle of your loving wife, whilst she had a good long feel of his monster cock and played the naughty slut!" I tormented.
"I was thriving sexually with Dave managing to squeeze my large breasts magnificently, sliding his hand under my mini skirt, moving my tight black lace thong to one side, then finger me to orgasm out of sight of everyone, as I rubbed his huge cock like the slut I was becoming!" I grinned.
"Dave even managed to finger me in the kitchen, right behind you as you talked with Mike. Mike was looking beyond you, smiling at me as I rocked on Dave's magic fingers, licking my lips mockingly behind you. We all three sneaked into the bathroom at one point, unbeknown to you for a few minutes, where I gave both guys a quick blow job, the other one would finger my pussy whilst I sucked the others cock. I was so naughty, but again we were disturbed before we could come to any conclusion, but it was exciting sucking their cocks, stroking their beautiful shafts and licking their huge spunk filled balls. They were calling me a dirty cheating slut and a nasty slut fuck hot wife while I sucked and licked their cocks! I was preparing for a good fuck, but the disturbance dampened my ardour. Eventually Dave and I went outside for a cigarette, with the intention to cool ourselves down. Dave was feeling my leather clad ass on our way in to the deepest part of the garden, guiding me to where we would attain some level of privacy. It was a balmy summer evening heading into twilight, with visibility from the setting sun quite romantic. Dave smiled seductively and joked about me taking my thong off, not thinking for a moment that I actually would! I giggled stroking his cock, kissed him with a lot of tongue action, then I began to slide my mini skirt over my mound and remove my thong in front of him, wearing only my stockings and garters and a very small tight leather mini skirt. I made sure he had a good view of my shaved pussy as I peeled the thong down my thighs. He was taken aback that I did as he said, watching me turn my back to him and bend slightly, revealing my ass and shaved slit from behind. This was the first time he had seen my pussy completely naked. Dave groaned, picked up my black lace thong, placing it into his pocket, then he bent me over, unleashed his cock and slipped the full length deep inside my tight shaved pussy!"
James was staring open mouthed, listening to how easily his slut wife took his friends cock willingly without his knowledge.
"I moaned softly enjoying his huge length fill me like I'd never been filled before. His cock was providing sensations I didn't know existed. I began to slide back and forth on his huge cock and blurted out quietly, fuck me Dave. He began to do as I asked magnificently, sliding his massive cock in and out of my tight wet shaved pussy as he squeezed my hanging breasts!" I said, taunting James then continued.
"His cock was so big inside me, much bigger than yours, I came immediately and quite noisily, which attracted some unwanted attention from inside the house, as someone decided to come outside and check on the noise. We were behind a garden shed, hidden from view but could hear the footsteps in the distance getting closer. Dave unplugged his cock from my pussy, giving my asshole a delightful tickle with his throbbing bell end as he smeared my pussy juice around my twitching rosebud. He circled my asshole with his cock, nudging against my tight opening, making me desperate to have him slide his cock in my ass. He nudged the tip at my asshole, circled the drain, pushing the head inside my tight sphincter and then pulled away, leaving me desperate to have him inside me. He sighed with disappointment, then pulled my leather mini skirt over my ass and garter straps. He tucked his rock hard cock back inside his trousers as he smirked knowingly. I turned toward him smiling, my chest heaving visibly from my intense orgasm, looking in to his smouldering eyes, I was desperate to have his cock back inside me. He held my large firm heaving breasts as our investigator saw us in the distance then returned inside. Unfortunately we never got another opportunity that night to continue our cheating fuck, although we did have a couple of sticky fumbles, which resulted in me orgasming a couple of times, then swallowing his load to balance the books. I was so turned on later that night, when I kissed you passionately with the smell and taste of Dave's cock still in my mouth, knowing you would also be tasting his cock and spunk! When I sucked and fucked you at home that night, I was imagining it was Dave's cock fucking me!"
James looked at me with a look of stunned disbelief. He finally smiled as he looked into my eyes, listening to my confession of infidelity.
"So the events at the barbecue were all pre planned?" James smiled raising an eyebrow.
"Devised more than planned. The guys said they would sneakily feel me up all day, behind your back to get me feeling very naughty and positively slutty. They assured me that this would get them and me in the mood. I knew full well that I was becoming a slut for them, wearing what they requested and allowing them to touch me intimately in private and now in public, with absolutely no objections. I told them that at the barbecue I would be wearing my smallest, tightest, sexiest bikini in a shiny black material, revealing my tight camel toe and lots of side boob, barely covering my pierced nipples, with which they would find difficult to keep their hands off me when they see me strutting around in it!" I giggled, remembering their reactions.
"They insisted I wear high heels with the bikini which would be our code that I was wanting them to tease me and excite me at every given opportunity. They also said if I was to wear that whole outfit, then that would be my acceptance of them manhandling me and that I would be going ahead with the striptease, with or without you. We'd all decided that when I did the strip tease, then I would wear some exciting kinky lingerie before I revealed my breasts, shaved pussy and tight pink asshole!" Looking deep into my husbands eyes I could see his anguish and curiosity.
"They stated that if I was strutting around in sexy lingerie, you wouldn't be able to object when they began touching me intimately as that was the purpose of wearing such lingerie, to encourage intimate contact!"
James grinned at the ingenuity of the guys.
"I needed to make sure that you would be turned on enough that day to agree to my striptease for the guys!" I smiled licking my lips "And letting you see little trailers of some of the antics of the guys, it obviously worked!"
I leant forward and stroked James cock through his underwear. He was sporting the biggest, hardest erection I'd ever known in all our years of marriage.
"I wanted to be fucked by the guys but wasn't quite sure if you would be up for me getting fucked by the guys, so I built it up with sliding my pussy against their hard cocks and having them lick my pussy and asshole. I let one of them fuck my tits while the other would lick my pussy. I was in a state of euphoria teasing all three of you, but at the end when I let them slide their semi erect cocks inside me, it was a defining moment in our marriage!"
"A defining moment? It certainly opened Pandora's box. Well your box actually!" James smiled reassuringly.
"It was easily the most excited I had ever been in my entire life when the cock slipped inside me, I needed to suck Dave's while Mikes cock was sliding in and out of my unfaithful pussy!" I quivered at the memory.
"You should also know that Dave has since fucked me here on a few occasions, when you've been at work and a couple of times straight after the strip club when I've been at my horniest! I've worn the kinkiest lingerie for him whilst he has fucked all of my holes in our marital bed!" I smirked, pleased with the way I was making my husband squirm in shock and humiliation.
"Dave has fucked me so hard and made me come so much during our illicit afternoon fuck sessions where beg for his cock to pleasure me, and I always made sure he came inside me and that his spunk would trickle out of me and rest on your side of the bed!" I tormented, looking at James with a cruel smile emblazoned across my face.
"Like I said earlier, I'm glad we had that barbecue and when these guys go home I'm going to fuck every one of your cheating slut holes!" James snarled "And you will keep those cum stained stocking on when I fuck you!"
I felt my stomach turn excitedly as I looked into James eyes.
"I will continue to fuck both of these guys whenever they or I feel horny and I will fuck other guys of my choice that arouse or stimulate me, and on occasions, I will bring guys back from the strip club, to take them into our bedroom to fuck me, and I will be wearing my slut stripper outfits when these guys fuck me. It makes their cocks so much harder and they produce much more spunk and it definitely arouses the guys to know they're fucking some other guys wife when she's dressed like a cheating slut, especially if she's a stripper!" I giggled relishing in my taunting words.
"They all lose their minds fucking a stripper, with her stockinged legs wrapped around their backs, just imagine how they'll be when her husband lays on the floor listening to his slut wife begging to be fucked by the hard cock inside her!" I continued with my torment "So there may be the odd occasion where you are banished from the marital bed, whilst I pleasure some strangers hard cock! They guys love it when I tell them I'm married when they fuck me. It makes them treat me even more like a slut and makes them feel that they're fucking me better than my husband can, which in most cases is true!" I sniggered.
James was staring wildly, shocked to the core, but sporting the hardest erection I've ever encountered.
"It's incredibly exciting being fucked and telling the guy that he's bigger than your husband or that you don't let your husband cum on your face or swallow your husbands spunk! You'll enjoy listening to your wife impaled on a large cock, panting like a dirty whore as she begs the owner of the cock to fuck her like her husband never could!"
James groaned loudly as I continued
"You'll be listening to me coming loudly as some big cocked alpha male fucks me in our marital bed, making sure all my tight holes are fed hard cock while he is doing me!" I grinned salaciously, taking great pleasure from my husbands obvious discomfort.
"I'll be loud enough to let you know where he is unloading his spunk with me. I'll be almost screaming loudly with lust, cum in my mouth, give my pussy your seed or spunk in my ass!" I smirked "sometimes I may shout out cum on my tits, but that will only be when there is more than one cock fucking me or I'm being recorded and photographed!"
James looked at me shaken yet excited. His shaking hands cupped my exposed breast, gently squeezing my fleshy orbs and delicately twisting my erect pierced nipples, as I smiled at him arrogantly.
"So just to let you know, your slut stripper wife will be getting plenty of cock and gallons of spunk from now on!" I sneered "You've married a cheating cock loving whore who will always fuck other men and let them do whatever they want to her!"
A bead of sweat ran down his forehead as he looked me directly in the eye and whispered.
"I wouldn't have it any other way!"