Forward: The beginning of this chapter interconnects slightly with Part 3 of my series Caring For Carrie. If you haven't read it, don't worry, you won't need to.
ALL CHARACTERS ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER.
---------------------------------------------
The day had been a long but productive one. Tom, Jenna and Trish had spent most of it visiting with Bill Wilson, Jenna's new account, and his daughter Carrie.
Bill had arranged several different investment packages for Jenna to grow her trust fund. Tom had been impressed; Bill really seemed to know his stuff and while Tom was certainly no expert, Bill had outlined everything very clearly to them and it all looked very promising.
If all went well, Jenna would be more than comfortable financially through the rest of her college years and still have a very nice nest egg by the time she graduated to help her out with whatever she decided to do afterwards.
They spent the rest of the afternoon poolside, the girls swimming while Tom and Bill grilled up some burgers.
Tom had initially planned on joining the girls in the pool, but wound up deciding against it. Bill didn't seem to be interested in swimming, and Tom worried about what an older man swimming alone with three very young women might look like to him.
Not that he'd have acted inappropriately, at least not intentionally.
But things had escalated since Trish had accepted their invitation to join them in their bed, and their relationship, and while he certainly didn't mind the almost constant teasing and displays of affection the ladies would lavish on him, he didn't trust himself, or the girls, not to possibly get too carried away around their hosts.
"What, you were afraid we'd try to fuck you right there in the pool?" Jenna teased after he explained his reasons for not swimming with them on their way home.
"No, of course not," said Tom, "but you know how we get around each other lately. It would start innocently enough, just splashing around and playing. But then there'd be touching, maybe groping, and then..."
"And then you spring a boner in the pool around the accountant's daughter," snickered Trish from the back seat.
"Or maybe he gets a boner BECAUSE of the accountant's daughter," smirked Jenna. "I mean admit it; Carrie is pretty hot, right?"
Tom grinned and shook his head. "Jesus, you two, gimme a break. Yes, she's beautiful, but no, I wasn't thinking of her like that."
A lie, but only a small one. The truth was that, while Tom had of course admired Carrie's stunning natural beauty and petite, lithe body, he'd shunted aside any sexual thoughts about her out of respect for her father, as well as his two young lovers of course.
"Oh I don't believe that for a second," Jenna replied, "that curly blonde hair, those blue eyes, those full lips. And then there's her body. Even I couldn't keep my eyes off her perky boobs."
"Her ass was pretty hot, too," Trish chimed in. "Hey, if things work out and she rooms with us this year, think we could both have a go at her, Jenna? Maybe Big Guy here can watch."
Tom had to laugh. He knew them both well enough by now to understand they were simply teasing him, trying to get a rise out of him. "Hey, if you can pull that off, I won't stop ya."
"Challenge accepted," Jenna and Trish answered in unison, then burst out laughing.
Tom laughed with them. "You two are incorrigible. Her freshman year of college and you're already planning on corrupting her?"
"Not corrupting," Jenna answered, still giggling, "just...expanding her horizons."
"Oh, speaking of which," Jenna exclaimed, turning more serious, "I gotta text Michelle! I'm sure she won't object, but I should at least run the idea of Carrie rooming with us by her."
They drove on in silence for a bit; Jenna exchanging text messages with Michelle while Trish scrolled aimlessly on her own phone. "This drive takes forever," she snipped, "how much longer?"
Tom checked his GPS. "About another hour."
Trish sighed. "I'm bored. And my legs are getting cramped back here."
"You want me to come back there and massage them for you?" Jenna smirked sarcastically.
"If you can get back here without causing him to drive off the road, by all means, yes," Trish deadpanned.
Jenna laughed, then suddenly she pushed her seat back and began squeezing herself over it.
"Jenna? What the hell?" Tom managed to keep the car straight but caught a glimpse of her ass in the rear view mirror as her denim skirt rode up with her efforts. Her panties had bunched up as well, giving him a quick glimpse of her puffy vulva, his eyes registering the tiny wet spot just before it disappeared from view.
Then she was up and over and settling in beside Trish. "Tell me where it hurts, baby," she purred dramatically, her hand resting on Trish's thigh.
Trish grinned slyly, guiding Jenna's hand higher. "Well, actually, I have a different ache I'd rather have taken care of."
Tom could barely focus his attention on the road as the girls locked lips, kissing passionately as Jenna's hand disappeared up Trish's black nylon skirt. "You ladies really can't wait til we get home?"
"What's the matter, cowboy? Jealous?"
"Not really, It's just very...distracting."
"Oh relax, Big Guy. Just think of it as extended foreplay."
"Fine. But you're paying for anything my deductible doesn't cover if we get in an accident, Jenna."
"Just keep your eyes on the road then, cowboy. You'll get your chance when we get home."
"I'll hold you to that." Tom shook his head with a grin, then focused his attention back on the road. "Let them have their fun," he thought, "by the time we get home they'll be more than ready for me."
Traffic was light on the highway, so he could occasionally steal glances in the rear view mirror as the girls continued to kiss and fondle each other under their clothing. The scent of their arousal wafted to his nose, causing his already swelling cock to throb urgently, but he ignored it, determined to give each of his lovely young companions a good fuck as soon as they walked in the door.
Or maybe he wouldn't have to wait that long. Up ahead in the distance, he spied a sign he remembered seeing on the way to the Wilson's but hadn't really thought much of.
Now though, it inspired him. "Hey, you two," he called to the entwined lovers, "wanna make a pit stop?"
Jenna and Trish broke from their impassioned kiss to look curiously at him. Then they saw the sign as well. "Hell, yes!" Jenna exclaimed. "Sure, why not?" Trish chimed in.
Tom swung off the exit, following the offramp down and around and circling back towards their destination. The girls adjusted their clothing as they pulled into the parking lot of the white brick building lit up with the large, neon sign, its bright red letters proclaiming loudly, "TEDDY BEARS ADULT BOOK STORE!" In smaller letters beneath it continued, "Adult Toys & Novelties. XXX Video Booths. LIVE ENTERTAINMENT NIGHTLY."
The place looked clean enough, as those types of places went. Both the parking lot and entrance were well lit, and everything looked well kept; no garbage or drug paraphernalia littering the area.
Stepping inside, the store itself was also bright and smelled freshly cleaned. The place was of course filled with shelves and displays of X Rated movies, lingerie, magazines and all kinds of kinky sex toys for all genders.
There were several men browsing the wares, all of them looking up almost as one as the girls entered the store, giggling with nervous excitement.
They made their way immediately to a wall display filled with vibrators and dildos of all sizes, shapes and colors.
Jenna picked up a strap-on, with a huge, thick, neon purple phallus, and held it up appreciatively. "What do ya think, Trish? Looks like it could be fun!"
"Yeah, maybe if my vagina was a subway tunnel," Trish sniped. Both girls laughed loudly, then moved on, picking up and examining various items, laughing and giggling and talking quite loudly. "Oh, look, ten different vibrating speeds! Wow, look at the curve on this one! And it has ridges! Hey, look how lifelike this one is. Almost feels like the real thing," etc.
It was obvious to Tom the girls were intentionally trying to draw attention to themselves. And it was working. He noticed with some amusement three of the patrons had gravitated closer, desperately pretending not to be eavesdropping or trying to sneak peaks at the girls every time they bent down to pick up some item, their already short skirts riding up even higher.
Tom felt a mix of nervousness and excitement. He enjoyed watching the girls tease the men mercilessly, but worried things may get out of hand. He sized each guy up individually, wondering if he could take them. If it was one on one, he probably could. But if he had to take on a few, it could be trouble.
Still, he tried not to let his fears get the best of him. Besides, he had something else in mind if things worked out. And the girls were up for it, of course.
"Hey, be right back, gonna check something." Tom left the girls at the display and made his way to the counter, looking back a few times to make sure the girls were okay.
The large, burly black man seated behind the counter looked up at him from his phone as Tom approached. "Hey, buddy. Need help with something?"
His good-natured voice bellied his gruff appearance, his neatly groomed beard a counterpoint to his completely shaved (or naturally bald) head.
"Yeah, just curious. What kind of "Live Entertainment" is featured here?"
The man's dark features twisted in apology. "Sorry, my man. No one working back in the theater. My day girl called in sick and my night time performer is running late as usual. Been trying to hire more performers but all these girls make their money online nowadays."
"Ah," Tom nodded, "no worries. I was also wondering if there were any, you know, private booths available?"
The big man gave him a wide grin. "Oh, I get ya. Well, the video booths are available, I just ask you put at least a few quarters in the slot, if you get me. They're kinda small, though."
He scratched his neatly trimmed beard thoughtfully. "If you don't mind possible...company, the theater has several couches and lounge chairs. Very clean, I assure you. Normally I charge ten bucks a head to go back there, but if you're bringing those two with you..." He paused, nodding towards Jenna and Trish, "...I can let you in free. I can't promise the other guys here won't follow you back though. And there's already a couple of guys back there just watching movies on the flat-screen."
Tom looked doubtful. He'd wanted to have a little fun with the girls, but wasn't sure how he, or they, would feel about an audience.
The big man saw his look and smiled. "I see your worry, my friend, so let me just say this. When my girls aren't dancing, people sometimes just hang out back there. Sometimes couples, but mostly just single guys hoping for, well, whatever. What happens back there isn't my concern as long as everything is consensual. But all these guys here I can tell you are regulars; never given me a lick of trouble, and know better than to even try."
Tom laughed softly. "I suppose not; not with those muscles you're packing. You're built like an NFL linebacker, my man."
The big man laughed a hearty, good natured laugh. "I played some back in the day, never professional though. But yeah, no one messes with me. And muscles ain't all I'm packing." The big man reached down and came up holding a handgun. Tom was no expert, but thought it may be a Glock. "Don't you worry none, buddy. You and your lady friends have fun. No one will mess with you, I guarantee it."
"Thanks," Tom nodded, "I appreciate that." He extended his hand. "I'm Tom, by the way. Nice to meet you."
The big man put the gun back under the counter and engulfed Tom's hand in his. "Ted. My pleasure."
Tom grinned. "Ted? As in 'Teddy Bear?'"
The big man's smile grew somehow wider. "That's me. A big ol' Teddy Bear. Unless someone pisses me off. Then I turn into a Grizzly. And ain't no one here wanna see that."
"I bet," Tom chuckled. "Well, thanks, Ted. I'm not sure exactly what the girls will think about it, but I guess we'll see."
Ted nodded knowingly. "I get ya. The ladies gotta feel comfortable. You tell them to come talk to me if they got questions, I'll set them at ease."
"Oh, one last thing," Ted called as Tom turned away. "Your lady friends. Do I need to check their ID's?"
Tom looked confused for a moment, then understood. "Oh. No, they're both over 18, I assure you."
"No offense, my man," Ted replied, "but I gotta ask. I run a respectable joint here."
Tom nodded and returned to the girls, who were now browsing the lingerie section. Jenna was holding up a fishnet body suit. "Hey, what do ya think?" she asked as he approached. "Doesn't leave much to the imagination, does it?"
"No, it certainly does not."
Jenna sighed. "I could use a few new outfits for my Only Fans videos, but I wish I could try them on first. I don't think they have changing rooms here."
"Well, maybe they have a restroom you could use or something," Tom suggested. "If you really want to, let's talk to Ted."
"Ted?" Trish smirked. "You're already on a first name basis with the clerk?"
"He also owns the place," said Tom, "so I'm sure he can tell you."
The girls looked at each other and shrugged. Grabbing a few outfits, they made their way to the counter.
Ted greeted them warmly. "Hello, ladies. Find everything you're looking for?"
"Well, kinda," said Jenna, "but we were wondering if there's anywhere we can try a few things on?"
Ted scratched his furry chin thoughtfully. "Well, to be honest, I don't usually get too many requests to try stuff on. And I normally wouldn't allow it. Cleanliness rules and stuff. But for you ladies I think I can make an exception. That said, you don't wanna use the restrooms here. Don't get me wrong, I keep them clean, but they're kinda small and cramped to try and change in."
Ted glanced at Tom, a slight twinkle in his eye as he continued. "But, there is a spot in the theater my performers use to change; not much more than a partition really, set up in the corner. You could use that. Although I can't promise you complete privacy. There's a few guys already back there, watching movies, and they may be, you know..." With his hand, he made the universal gesture for jerking off.
Noticing the girl's concern, he said, "Look, I'll assure you just like I assured Tom here earlier; nobody here will mess with you. They may look, but they won't touch without your say so. And I'll be keeping an eye on things here." Ted pointed to a small monitor beside the register. "Security camera. To keep an eye on my girls. Don't worry, all recordings get wiped at the end of the day, I don't keep any of it, I promise."
Again, he noted their doubt. "If it helps; while I myself enjoy a good show from time to time, and believe me some crazy stuff happens back there, I don't play for your team, if you get my meaning. And I run a respectable joint here and respect my clients privacy; it's what keeps them coming back. So don't worry your pretty little heads worrying about finding footage of you online somewhere. And no cell phones are allowed either. Including yours. I make theater customers leave them with me before going back."
The girls looked at each other. "Are we really doing this?" Trish said softly.
"We don't have to if you're not comfortable," answered Jenna.
Trish thought for a moment before replying. "Fuck it. I just wish I'd have known we were gonna do this earlier. I'd have gotten high before we came in."
With that, the girls handed Ted their phones, gathered up the outfits they wanted to try on and, summoning their courage, headed down the dark hallway that led to the theater.
Ted stopped Tom before he followed. "If I had to guess," he spoke softly, "your lady friends aren't interested in doing anything... physical, with my customers, right?"
Tom nodded affirmatively. "Definitely not."
Ted nodded back. "I'll make sure to mention that to anyone else coming back there."
Tom thanked him, then quickly moved to catch up with the girls.
They had paused at the end of the hall, by the entrance to the theater. Both looked at him, a nervous excitement in their eyes. "Hey look," he said, "if it gets weird, we can just bail, okay?"
The doorway was covered by a simple black curtain. Pushing it aside, they tentatively stepped inside.
The theater was dimly lit with fluorescent blacklights. The far wall was taken up by a large flat-screen TV, currently broadcasting porn in quality HD.
Beneath the TV was a small stage where a dancer would be performing had there been one, a metal pole running up the center of it. Two chairs sat forlorn against the wall.
To the right of the stage was the partition Ted had mentioned. It was small, possibly just big enough for two people at a time behind it at most.
Several couches and chairs were lined up in semi-circles in front of the stage. There were small end tables beside many of them, boxes of tissues atop each, their purpose obvious.
Currently only two of the chairs were occupied by men, seated at the extreme opposite ends from each other across the theater.
Both turned to look as they entered. The one on the right, a slightly balding man of about thirty-ish, sat upright with a start when he saw the girls, appearing to attempt to cover something up.
The man to the left looked older, possibly in his sixties. He had also looked, but merely grunted when he saw them, then turned his attention back to the screen. Despite his back being to them, and his slouched position in the chair, it was obvious to all three of the companions the man was masturbating.
The girls again looked at each other. Then at Tom. He simply shrugged. "Up to you."
Jenna moved first, making her way around the seats towards the right side and the partition. As she moved past the balding man, he leaned forward, and Jenna saw his hands clasped over his lap, desperately trying yet not quite succeeding in covering his exposed erection.
Jenna caught his deer in the headlights eyes and flashed him a smile. "Don't mind us," she said lightly, "carry on."
The man looked stunned, but Jenna didn't see his reaction. She simply kept moving and stepped behind the partition.
Trish was right behind her. "Oh my god," she hissed, trying to contain her nervous laughter, "I can't believe we're doing this!"
"Me either," Jenna tittered, "but if we're gonna do this, we both have to be in agreement. Think of it like what we used to do on Omegle. We're not gonna fuck'em, but we can give them a show, right?"
Jenna's confident tone belied her nervousness. She'd had conversations with Tom in the past about her fantasy of being nude in a group of men, and had even discussed it with Trish a few times. But now here she was, in an adult theater, about to...what, exactly?
She honestly didn't know. Hadn't put any actual thought into it until just this moment. Was she going to get naked for them? Just model the lingerie? Get completely wild and masturbate for them?
No, probably not that far, she decided. She wasn't ready for that just yet, might never be. But she knew she could have some fun teasing them. Yes, she could do that, and the idea of it, while scary, also excited her, if she was being honest with herself.
She knew instinctively that Tommy would be okay with whatever she decided to do. But there was Trish to think about. Jenna had dragged her into this without considering what she might truly be feeling.
She faced her friend. "Look, I'm sorry I didn't discuss this with you first. And I don't want you doing anything you're not comfortable with. If you wanna just hang out back here, or leave, I'd understand."
Trish shook her head. "Thanks, but no, I'm okay, really. The truth is, I'm scared to death, but also incredibly excited."
"Me too," Jenna smiled.
Trish took a deep breath. "Then let's do this."
--------------------------------------------
Tom had taken up a position just on the other side of the partition. He'd overheard their conversation but decided to let them both come to a decision on their own.
He himself was also excited yet nervous. Excited to see just what the girls would do; nervous only about the reactions, or actions, of the men in the theater.
He looked out over the theater to see the two other occupants looking his way, their faces a mix of surprise and curiosity. "They're just trying on some clothes," he said casually. "If you guys behave yourselves, they may even model them for you."
A third man, tall and lanky, entered the theater just as he finished this, followed closely by another man, short and pudgy.
The tall man caught his eye. "Cool if we join? Ted already told us; look but don't touch."
Tom had to smile, and some of his nervous tension left him. Ted had their backs. It was good to know. "Sure, make yourself comfortable."
The two newcomers made their way to the front. They chose the couch directly center stage, and sat at opposite ends of it.
Just in time. Jenna poked her head around the partition. "You ready?" she whispered to Tom.
"Whenever you are, darlin'."
Jenna inhaled deeply, steadying herself, then stepped out from behind the partition.
Five sets of jaws dropped as she took center stage, including Tom's.
The black lace bra she wore was sheer and floral patterned. Even in the dim lighting her nipples were prominent and visible under the silky fabric. The underwire running beneath the cups lifted her pert breasts, pushing them forward, making them look bigger than they were.
The matching high waist panty was adorned with a frilly laced skirt that barely reached her pubic bone. The black patch of the crotch covered her privates, but just barely.
Jenna gave a spin, revealing her barely clad ass, the see through skirt doing absolutely nothing to conceal it.
Again facing forward, she glanced sideways at Tommy, who was grinning ear to ear. Then she addressed her audience. "So, what do ya think, guys?"
The four men burst into a round of applause and whistles. She noticed with a flush of excitement that the balding man she'd passed earlier had forgotten his efforts to cover himself in his excitement, his decently sized cock now waving at her as it twitched its appreciation.
To her right, the older man was jerking away, stroking his short, stubby member with one hand, whistling through his fingers with the other.
The two newcomers seated in the center hadn't yet taken their cocks out, and as Jenna met their gaze, they looked unsure. "Go ahead, whip'em out if you wanna. I won't mind." Their faces lit up at her encouragement, and immediately they reached for their zippers.
While she was enjoying the attention, Jenna felt suddenly very much alone. "Trish? You coming out any time soon?"
"One...second," Trish grunted from behind the partition. "This thing is...snug."
Several seconds ticked by before Trish finally stepped out from behind the partition. She came slowly at first, her face flushed red even in the dim lighting, but with more confidence when she heard the cheers and applause of the men.
The vinyl purple bustier she wore clung tightly to every inch of her curvy frame. Her full breasts bulged from the low cut top, jiggling as she walked, as if struggling to break free. The matching leggings came halfway up her thighs, highlighting their thickness.
She spun around as Jenna had, and Tom took a moment to appreciate how the form fitting outfit made her already round, plump ass look even fuller.
The men in the seats had ceased their applause, now busy stroking their cocks as the girls strutted around the stage in their sexy outfits.
While incredibly aroused as well, Tom abstained from touching himself for the time being. While the men were behaving themselves so far, he wanted to remain alert and ready in case anyone decided to act up. Besides, he was still hoping to have some fun with both of them at some point if all went well.
Two more men entered just as the girls had finished their third lap around the stage. They paused momentarily, taking in the spectacle, then found seats just behind the front couch.
Jenna spotted them immediately. "Welcome, guys. You're just in time. We were just about to go change into another outfit."
Tom couldn't help but admire Jenna's pure confidence. They'd discussed her fantasy being nude, or partially nude, in front of men before. And now here she was, making it a reality.
Tom couldn't help but wonder just how far she might take it.
With a wave, Jenna and Trish returned behind the partition. Tom followed them. "You ladies seem to be enjoying yourselves so far," he said. "How are you feeling?"
Jenna flushed, but her grin remained wide. "Scared to death. But also loving every second of it."
"I still can't believe we're really doing this," Trish sputtered. "My heart is racing. But I gotta admit, crazy as it is, I'm starting to enjoy it too."
"Well I trust you both enough to have fun with this if it's what you want. I'm enjoying the show myself, and I know your audience is."
"Thank you," said Jenna. "And I promise we won't let things get out of hand. I'm not planning on touching anyone, or being touched. I'm just enjoying...showing off."
"Same," Trish agreed. "I'm definitely not interested in messing with ANY of those guys. But I don't mind them jerking off."
Tom nodded. "I didn't think you'd do anything like that, but good to know. I'll make sure to run interference if any of them try anything. And I'll yell for Ted if I have to. But I don't think it will come to that. Now get changed, don't keep your fans waiting."
Tom stepped back out to the front of the partition and counted two more new faces in the growing crowd. He worried a little about the increased numbers but none of them looked like trouble makers.
Just then, a young woman appeared through the curtain. Looking around, she spotted Tom and made her way over.
Tom couldn't help but take in her appearance. Her black leather miniskirt was matched by a snug black halter top that displayed her firm round breasts nicely. A large leather bag hung from her shoulder.
Her jet black hair was short, shaved along the sides, with wild, goth / punk spikes sticking up, the tips highlighted with rainbow colors.
Her makeup suited the rest of her; dark eyeliner that gave her an almost racoon like appearance, with lipstick to match. Her bare arms were covered in tattoo sleeves.
Despite her dark demeanor, she offered him a very friendly smile as she approached. "Hi, I'm guessing you're Tom? I'm Lizbeth. Teddy sent me back to check on things. Everything okay so far? These pervs giving your friends any problems?"
"No," answered Tom. "They've just been watching and, well, you know."
Lizbeth laughed. ""Yeah, I know. You get used to it working here. I barely notice it anymore."
"Are you one of the...performers here?" Tom asked tentatively.
"Yeah, I wasn't scheduled to come in for another hour, but Teddy called me, told me he was short handed after Missy called in sick so I figured I'd come in early."
"I hope we're not stealing your thunder. We can go if you'd like," Tom offered apologetically.
Lizbeth smiled. "Nah, it's okay. I was watching a little of your lady friend's performance earlier; they're a good warm up act. Besides, the main crowd won't be in for a while yet. These guys are just the stragglers that were hanging around the store. Only reason they came in here at all was they saw your girls go back."
"We're ready," Jenna's voice suddenly rang out from behind the partition. "You guys wanna see the next outfits?" The men catcalled and hooted appreciatively.
Jenna stepped out first, wearing a blood red Devil themed ensemble. Black straps crossed her otherwise bare midriff, connecting the vinyl bra to the silken bottom piece that ran between her legs, becoming nothing more than a thin red string that ran so deep between her ass cheeks it all but disappeared. A devil horned headpiece completed the outfit.
Trish came out next, in a white, lacy angel costume, complete with fur neckline and delicate lace wings on the back. Again her ample cleavage was well on display, and the back revealed just as much of her rump as Jenna's. A halo headpiece adorned her long dark locks.
Jenna gave Tom a quizzical look when she spotted Lizbeth standing beside him, but continued her performance, strutting with confidence around the stage along with Trish. The girls bent, wiggled and shook their hips like seasoned pros.
The gathered crowd ate it up, whistling and cheering. Looking out from the stage, Jenna could barely see her audience, but could tell the ones closest were definitely masturbating. Seeing them stroke their cocks for her and Trish sent a shiver through her body and a tingle through her nether regions. While she didn't find any of them particularly attractive, and a dick was, after all, just a dick, knowing they were responsible for their erections excited her, much as it had back when she used to watch guys masturbate on Omegle.
She also thought back to the first time she'd met Tommy, of course. She remembered the secret thrill of having someone who was then a complete stranger expose and pleasure himself to her.
She desperately wanted to touch herself, to reach down and massage her aching clit. But she held off. Turned on as she was, she wasn't quite ready to go that far in a room full of strange men.
Still, she had one last surprise for them.
"Wanna see one more?" She asked the crowd. The men of course cheered.
"Be right back. Try not to pop until we get back, you're definitely gonna want to see these last ones." Glancing behind her, she noticed the TV, still playing. A blonde with massive fake tits was sucking off a man with a dick that could probably choke a giraffe. "In the meantime, I guess she can entertain you," she giggled.
Jenna and Trish scampered back to the partition, pausing by Tommy. "Made a new friend?" Jenna asked.
Lizbeth introduced herself and quickly explained why she was there.
"Well, thanks for being here for us," said Jenna. "Are you sure you don't mind us giving them one last show? We don't want to interfere with your work."
"Honestly, I don't mind," smiled Lizbeth. "Now get back there and change before these guys finish themselves off prematurely."
Jenna and Trish quickly disappeared behind the partition.
When they reappeared a few minutes later, a collective gasp rose from the crowd.
Jenna and Trish wore matching fishnet bodysuits. The floss thin material left their entire bodies all but completely exposed.
"Holy fuck, they're brave for first timers," smirked Lizbeth.
Tom was simply speechless. He'd seen them naked, had sex with them multiple times. But he'd never seen them like this before.
Having them all but nude, prancing before an audience of strange men who were now masturbating at a furious pace to the erotic display of feminine flesh and beauty before them, aroused him incredibly.
Without thinking, he reached down and squeezed his rock hard erection over his jeans.
"Hey, if you wanna whip it out, I don't mind," Lizbeth quipped, startling him out of his daze. "Like I said, I'm used to it."
Tom considered it for a moment. He'd wanted to save himself for the girls, so he could fuck their brains out, either in one of the video booths, or when they got home.
But he now had an opportunity to indulge his own little fetish and expose himself in front of a woman he'd just met, who was consenting to it.
Speaking of consent, he pondered what Jenna and Trish would think. Just as this thought crossed his mind, his eyes met Trish's.
Grinning, she turned and nudged Jenna, whispering in her ear. Jenna turned and locked eyes with him, then glanced down to his crotch, his hand still over his obvious bulge. Then they flicked over to Lizbeth, standing beside him.
A wry grin formed on her sweet red lips. Her eyes found him again and, with a smile, dropped him a sly wink.
"Fuck it," he thought, "nothing ventured, nothing gained."
Undoing his pants, he pulled out his cock. It sprung up with a bounce, relieved to be freed from its tight confines.
As he slowly stroked himself, he focused on watching Jenna and Trish as they continued their amateurish gyrations on stage, but was very conscious of Lizbeth, still standing by his side.
Was she watching him? Probably not, he thought. She's seen plenty of guys jacking off, and probably wasn't the least bit interested in yet another random dick.
Still, it added to the thrill of it, this oddly attractive young woman standing directly beside him as he masturbated to his two lovers dancing on stage to a group of several men, all with their dicks firmly in hand and jerking madly to the nearly nude girls.
"Impressive. I can see why they like you." Lizbeth's voice started him out of his revery.
"What?" He turned to find her looking at him, her darkly glossed lips turned upwards in a grin.
"I said, I can see why they like you. I kinda figured you must be pretty well equipped to handle two girlfriends." Her eyes glanced down at his cock, her gaze lingering for several seconds before she looked back up at him. "They're lucky girls."
Tom felt himself flush at the compliment. Both in his face, and down below. "Thanks," he replied sheepishly. "But I'm the lucky one."
"Yeah, you are," she agreed. "I bet you wouldn't mind me making a pass at either of them, would you?"
Tom had to laugh. "No, probably not."
Lizbeth returned his laugh. "I didn't think so. Unfortunately, my girlfriend WOULD mind." She nodded towards the girls. "Still, they're fun to watch, I gotta admit. Very free spirited. I'm sure they're even more fun in private."
Tom couldn't help but allow himself to look Lizbeth over one more time. She was curvy, in all the right places, with a perfectly rounded little pot belly beneath her form fitting tank top. Her obviously pierced nipples stood out from her braless breasts beneath the dark fabric of her top.
Lizbeth caught him looking, but didn't object. "You can see more if you stick around for my show later," she winked.
Tom blushed slightly, but managed to meet her eye. "Maybe. Or you could just join in with us pervs now?" he suggested, half jokingly.
"Nah, I'll be doing that soon enough." Opening her carry bag, she held it for him to see. It contained a variety of sex toys of all shapes and sizes. "And they'll be paying me to do it."
"Ah," said Tom, taking her polite hint. "Well, I'll see if the girls wanna stick around after they finish."
Jenna and Trish were still strolling lewdly around the stage, their audience now quiet, focused on the girls as they continued to masturbate in their seats.
Tom had begun stroking himself again as well. He was still deciding on whether he would allow himself to cum, or try and save it for later when Lizbeth tapped him on the shoulder.
"Here," she smirked, holding out a box of tissues. "In case you need them. Oh, and that reminds me..." Turning, she yelled out to the crowd, "Make sure you use the tissues, guys! I don't wanna have to clean up after you later!"
The men reluctantly grunted their acknowledgement but never turned their eyes from the stage.
Jenna had now taken center stage, and was trying to decide how to end their performance. Summoning her courage, she leaned into Trish and whispered something in her ear.
"Are you sure?" Trish asked with soft surprise. Jenna gulped, then nodded affirmatively.
Stepping behind her, Trish put her hands on Jenna's hips. Slowly, she ran them up her sides, then briefly cupped both breasts, squeezing and pinching Jenna's already hard nipples.
Her hands moved around Jenna's back, then up to her shoulders. Ever so slowly, she eased the spaghetti straps of the bodysuit down.
Jenna held her eyes closed as Trish continued to slowly tug at her skintight costume, feeling her breasts slip free from it with a little bounce.
She trembled as Trish kept going, tantalizingly slow, the suit slipping lower and lower from her flushed body until it reached her waist, where Trish paused.
Opening her eyes, Jenna looked out across the theater. Every eye was glued to her, every cock exposed and throbbing as their owners tugged at them lustfully.
She turned to find Tommy, not surprisingly masturbating as well, Lizbeth still beside him, taking it all in with a casual smile.
Flashing her trademark grin, she gave him another wink.
Her heart racing, her throat dry, and her pussy damp, she whispered to Trish, "Finish it."
Trish renewed her efforts, pulling the suit off Jenna's hips, her fiery red pubes slowly coming into view as the suit slipped still lower.
With a final tug, the suit fell down around Jenna's ankles. Stepping out of it gracefully, she stood before the crowd, fully naked.
A mixture of panic, pride and arousal ran through her. The feeling was intoxicating.
Suddenly, the balding man to her left jumped up out of his seat, his cock bouncing with his steps as he approached the stage.
Tom stepped in to stop him when the man held up a fistful of dollar bills. "Just just wanna tip," he offered. Tom nodded and let him pass.
The man approached Jenna slowly, holding out the cash. "Y,you're so b,beautiful," he stuttered, "C,can I c,cum for you?"
Startled, Jenna looked at Tommy, who simply shrugged.
Stealing herself, she faced the red faced man. His cock was twitching, anticipating a much needed release.
"Sure," she purred, "why not? Can't leave you in that state now, can we? Just remember, no touching, okay?"
"Wait! Wait," Lizbeth called. "Hang on one second!"
Lizbeth scrambled behind the partition, appearing moments later with a handful of towels.
Quickly, she laid them out across the front of the stage. "Don't get any on her," Lizbeth warned the man. "Remember: tissues or towels."
The man nodded quickly then turned his attention back to Jenna, who had pulled up one of the chairs and taken a seat before him. His face was now eye level with her lap, and, parting her legs slowly, she offered him a glorious view of her glistening sex.
It took maybe ten seconds from the time the man had grabbed his cock again for him to cum, an explosion that sent a geyser of spunk raining down to the towels below.
His face contorted wildly, gasping loudly as his head rocked back with the release.
Catching his breath, he looked up at Jenna, smiling sweetly down at him. "Feel better?"
"Yes, t,thank you," he blushed. Mopping himself up with some tissues, he quickly covered himself up and stepped away.
Two more men immediately took his place, both tossing handfuls of cash on the stage before taking themselves in hand.
"Fuck it," grumbled Trish, who'd been standing behind Jenna, "I'm getting in on this."
Grabbing the second chair, she set it beside Jenna, then unceremoniously stripped off her outfit. Straddling the chair, she took up the same position, her legs open, her creamy bald pussy clearly on display.
Just in time; the two masturbating men came simultaneously, their streams crossing each other to splatter across the stage, landing on the towels at the girls feet.
Wordlessly they zipped up and stepped aside as yet another man took their place.
One by one, the remaining men moved in, gathering around the front of the stage as they waited their turn, deposited their tip on stage then masturbated.
The girls offered them gentle encouragement, giggling hysterically as load after load of cum squirted out before them to soak into the now drenched towels.
None of them lasted long.
Lastly, a swarthy man with a pencil thin mustache and thinning hair stepped up. "Stand up, baby," he snarled, addressing Jenna, "I wanna see that cute ass." He tossed a large wad of cash across the stage with a dramatic flair.
Trish watched him warily as Jenna stood, turned slowly, then bent herself over, holding the back of the chair for support.
"Yeah, baby, that's it, show me that puckered little asshole," the man hissed as he jerked his short, stubby cock. His cum erupted suddenly, spurting in little drips that missed the towels to land on the floor at his feet.
"Good job, baby," he hissed, "what a good little slut."
Without warning, he lifted his hand in the air, his intent to smack Jenna's ass clear.
It froze in mid swing. "Use that hand and you'll lose it," a deep, threatening voice rang from the back of the theater.
Tom, who was already moving to step in, turned along with the creep to see Ted standing by the entrance, his huge arms crossed over his massive chest.
"Don't make me tell you twice," growled Ted, his voice softer but no less threatening. Unfolding his arms, his hand dropped to the butt of his gun, now resting in a halter on his hip.
The man visibly paled. Zipping up, he moved hastily towards the exit.
Ted glared at him as he passed. "I see your slimy ass in here again, you gonna regret it. I got zero tolerance for assholes like you."
The man said nothing as he beat a hasty retreat down the hall. "Be right back," Ted called to them, "gonna make sure he finds the exit proper."
Tom breathed a sigh of relief. "There's always one asshole," he muttered.
Lizbeth was already with the girls. "You okay?"
"Fine," Jenna affirmed, "not the first creepo I've ever encountered." Her trembling bellied her confident words.
"He's lucky Ted stepped in," said Trish angrily. "I was about to kick him in his shriveled little nutsack."
Jenna burst into tension relieving laughter. Then Tommy took her in his arms and held her tightly. "Are you sure you're okay?"
Yes," she nodded. "But I think I've had enough for one night."
The girls went back to the partition to dress and by the time they returned, Lizbeth had already gathered up the cash scattered across the stage. "Here ya go, pretty decent haul for amateurs."
"I couldn't," objected Jenna, "I feel like I cut into your profits. You keep it." Trish nodded her agreement.
"No, you earned it," Lizbeth insisted. "Besides, my regular crowd should be shuffling in soon."
Jenna turned to Ted, who had just returned to check on them. "Then you take it."
Ted grinned and shook his head. "I usually get my cut at the end of the night, but I'll let you slide on account of having to put up with an unruly customer."
"Fine," Jenna said with a determined pout. "Then we'll just put it towards buying the lingerie we wore."
"Except that purple bustier," Trish cut in, "that was without a doubt the most uncomfortable thing I ever wore."
"Oh, come on," said Tom, "your ass looked fantastic in it."
"Too bad you didn't have your phone then," snickered Trish, "you coulda taken a picture, 'cause that's the last time you'll see it in that thing."
The girls said their goodbyes to Lizbeth then gathered up the outfits and followed Ted back towards the store to ring up.
"Sure you won't stay?" Lizbeth asked Tom, "My show starts in twenty minutes."
Tom sighed. "Tempting. But we've got a long drive still, and I think we've had our fun. Time to head home."
"I get it. Maybe next time." Leaning in, she gave him a friendly hug.
Pulling away, she let out an unexpected giggle. "You may wanna, um..." Her finger gestured to his crotch.
Looking down, his long deflated penis was still dangling from his unzipped jeans. In all the excitement, he'd completely forgotten about it, and in the dim lighting apparently no one else had noticed.
"Oh, shit! Sorry."
Lizbeth shrugged. "Nothing I haven't seen before."
Tom let out a laugh as he adjusted his clothing, thinking back to how Jenna had once said those exact words to him on their second meeting.
"What's so funny?" Lizbeth queried.
"Nothing," chucked Tom. "Inside joke."
"Well, if you guys ever decide to come back again, I'm here most Friday and Saturday nights. I put on quite the show myself," she winked. "In fact, here's a little preview."
With a flourish, Lizbeth lifted her tank top. Her firm breasts were indeed pierced as he had guessed, silver rings hanging from each of her puffy, brown nipples.
"Lovely," said Tom, admiring them. "I'd definitely like to see more sometime."
"I bet you would," smirked Lizbeth, pulling her shirt back down. "Well, it was nice to meet you. Now if you'll excuse me, I gotta go get ready for my show."
With that she turned and headed back towards the theater.
Tom admired her ass for a moment as she walked away, then headed out of the theater to catch up with the girls at the register.
--------------------------------------------
Jenna and Trish were full of excited energy as they got back on the road.
"I still can't believe we did that," Trish marveled, still feeling the flush of nervous energy and arousal that had permeated her the entire time she'd been on stage.
"I know, right?" Jenna grinned. "I was so frightened yet so turned on at the same time. It's one thing to be naked for guys online on Only Fans, but to stand naked in a room full of men while they masturbated...."
Her hand slid under her skirt. "I wanted to touch myself so badly, but I just couldn't."
Tom's unsatisfied cock twitched at the sight of Jenna, gently massaging her aching pussy. "You gonna take care of that now?"
Jenna looked contemplative. "No," she sighed, removing her hand, "I think I'll save it til we get home. What I really need is a good fuck."
"Same-sies," Trish chimed in.
"Well, I didn't get to finish myself during your show because of that asshole, so I guess we're all in the same boat," said Tom.
"How long til we get home?" Jenna asked, a hint of desperation in her voice.
"About 45 minutes."
"Can you drive faster?"
"Okay, but you're paying my speeding ticket."
Ten minutes later, both girls were fast asleep.
Tom drove on through the night, replaying the events of the evening in his head.
His original plan when he'd suggested stopping at the store was to perhaps convince the girls to sneak back into one of the video booths with him for some quick sexy time, nothing more. Instead, all three of them had gotten to play out a little fantasy in real life.
He was still having trouble believing it, but certainly had no regrets.
He wondered how much further things could go; what other experiences the girls may be open to.
He also thought about Lizbeth, probably putting on her own show right this moment.
His restless cock was again throbbing. "Patience, buddy" he said softly, "you'll get your chance soon enough."
Tom turned on the radio, keeping the volume low, and shook his head of his carnal thoughts.
He drove the rest of the way home alert, focused, and despite Jenna's earlier urging, at the legal speed limit.
--------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
So I'm writing again. It's kinda crazy how a dry well can suddenly spring forth water.
Hopefully this means the end of my writer's block. I know I have a couple other ideas for this series as well as some new stories.
I appreciate all my readers, and your patience.
Feedback as always is most welcome.