I really believed I had an almost perfect life: a happy marriage, two great daughters, and enough money that I didn't have to work, but could devote my life to guiding them to adulthood. However, as soon as my younger daughter left for a great job the other side of the country, and my elder daughter got married and moved several states away, all within a week, I realised that however good life might have seemed, it was now just hollow and empty, with no purpose or meaning.
I've got ahead of myself, though, and I need to back up to give you some chance of understanding the black depression that came over me.
My name is Jo. No not short for Jolene or MaryJo, or any other classic American name, but Josephine. No, I don't know where it came from, and my Mom either didn't know, or managed never to tell me, and I never knew my Dad. He'd left Mom when I was tiny, but fortunately she'd already set up what was to become a hugely successful job placement agency, so she had enough freedom and money to look after me properly. Actually, it was only after Mom died, and I found the certificate, that I even knew they were ever married, but I'm ahead of myself again.
No, I didn't have a Dad, but I had loads of uncles - at least, that was what Mom called them. They used to show up for a few weeks or months, sometimes more than one in the same week, then disappear. It was the sort of life that for many has led to neglect or abuse, but I guess they were clients from her business, and Mom could check out their background and character, so it worked for me, and for Mom. She seemed to enjoy lots of sex without commitment, I got a great sex education, and much of her attitude must have rubbed off on me.
Too much as it turned out, as I was only too willing to open my mouth and legs as soon as I could. It was all just playful experimentation, though, until one of Mom's old clients, Mark, came back, and brought a son almost exactly my age. Mom found him a job, but then he went on to set up his own software business, catching the arrival of personal computing and smartphones. Although he didn't hit the mega wealth of the Facebook founders, he made a bomb. Enough, anyway, to support a whole team of trophy wives, despite their earnest attempts to bleed him dry.
Probably, his son, Bill picked up the same attitude to non-commitment sex from Mark that I had from Mom. Anyway, while his father was noisily screwing Mom, Bill gave me my first real fucking. No, I should probably say my first experience of making love, because we both found that our parents' lifestyles had left us wanting the love, romance, and lifetime commitment that they'd never had. And apart from enjoying great sex, we found romance as well.
The only problem was that although my Mom had taught me about sex, she only got around to getting me on birth control what turned out to be a few weeks too late. When the doctor checked me over to prescribe the pill, she told me I was pregnant.
The first thought Mark, Bill and I had was to yell at my Mom for not getting me sorted out sooner. It didn't last, though, because Mom had the appointment after me, and we got the devastating news that it seemed she had some obscure, but totally lethal cancer. She got to see a specialist within days, and they put her on aggressive chemotherapy, but she died before I was half way through my pregnancy.
I don't know what Mom and Mark had discussed, but Bill and I decided that although it was a bit sooner than we'd have chosen, starting a family was mow what we wanted. We rushed to marry while Mom was still alive, and when she did, Mark took me in, and paid for both me and Bill to finish our education, with a series of childminders to look after baby Marie while I was at college. Bill and I were so grateful, though we were pretty sure that Mark was getting more than just childminding from the series of young women, barely older than me, who passed through.
It could have been a recipe for disaster: a shotgun wedding between a couple both coming from a single parent family, and with what many would have called loose morals. But it wasn't. It turned out that Bill and I genuinely loved each other. He finished his education, then joined his father's company, where he discovered he had a real gift, working his way up to head the Android and IOS app division, while I finished my education, then devoted my life to bringing up Marie, and our second daughter Ellie who had come along eighteen months after her elder sister.
I learned probably more helping the girls with their schooling than I ever had at school myself, and they both did well. They were both keen on sport, each becoming cheerleaders for the school team in turn, and I joined them jogging and at the gym which kept me in shape as well. Looking back, as Bill spent more and more time with work, the girls used filled more of my day and my attention, and became more like friends than children. The fact that I'd help them get through the most difficult years without getting into drugs or the like, and without getting pregnant the way I had, made me proud of myself as well as them.
It all seemed perfect until the girls left home. Then I realised just how far apart Bill and I had drifted, with all the hours he spent working, which wasn't a problem when the girls were home, but left me lonely when they had gone. And after a lively sex life in the early days of our marriage, Bill and I maybe made love only once or twice a month, and once rooms were empty without the girls, I moved into a separate bedroom to at last get relief from his ferocious snoring. It was not much of an exaggeration to say that my sex life went shortly after my daughters left.
Most of the women around worked most days, so I had little opportunity to socialise. Even my best friend, June, was an IT whizz who worked with Bill in the Company. Her husband Manuel, who worked in some sort of logistics company, seemed even busier, but she still had her youngest son at home to keep her occupied.
I was lonely. So lonely. I suppose like many women, I discovered that a dash of vodka or gin or even tequila in my morning orange juice helped the day pass more quickly. Then the dash became a few dashes, then a lot. I let myself slide, often only getting out of bed after Bill had gone to work, then going back before he came home late, which seemed to be getting more and more often. I started not bothering to dress, unless I went shopping, just staying in my baggy T-shirt I used as a nightdress, and an old flannel dressing gown. After all, what was the point of dressing if I were the only one who might see me?
I must have spent six months after the girls had left, sinking deeper and deeper into depression. Then I woke up one morning with a splitting headache, and the most godawful smell around me. I got out of bed and looked around to see what on earth could be causing it. Then it started to dawn on me: it was me. I stank. I pulled off my T-shirt and sniffed it. Ugh, it smelt of fermented stale sweat, but even after I'd thrown it into the bathroom, it didn't seem to have improved things much.
I pulled my panties off, then held them to my nose and inhaled carefully. Shit, I thought, then sniggered as I realised the expletive was all too appropriate, but combined with more sweat and the rotted smell of the secretions from my vagina, which I'd always thought were rank enough when fresh. I guess I already knew inside what a wreck I had become, but something about the disgusting way I smelled really got to me, and I knew that one way or another, I had to do something about my life.
Problem was, I had no idea what, except that a shower was obviously a good start. I bagged up my dirty panties and T-shirt, adding the dressing gown with its streaks of food stains, deciding that even after a thorough wash I'd never be able to wear them again. I turned the water on as hot as I could stand, and scrubbed and washed myself until I was in danger of making myself sore.
When I'd dried myself, I had to hunt around for another dressing gown to wear while I got myself breakfast, determined to have a good stocktake of my clothes, which would likely require a mammoth washing session. In the end I found a thin silk one that Marie must have left behind, and I found I rather enjoyed the cool, sleek feel of it against my bare skin.
Once downstairs, I wasn't surprised to see that it was mid-morning, and Bill was long gone to work. I poured myself an orange juice, using every ounce of willpower to stop myself adding my usual dashes of vodka, then I found some of Bill's muesli, and forced myself to eat it. I felt pleased with myself when I rinsed out the glass and dish, and loaded them into the dishwasher, but reality hit me again when I sat down in the lounge and took stock of my life. I had no job - actually I'd never had a job - no hobbies, few friends and a husband I might already have pushed beyond reconciliation. I could put the TV on, but the mindless daytime programs were all too likely to push me into needing a drink.
I was still wracking my brains, slowly slipping back into depression. I kept coming up blank when I tried to find something to give my life meaning, and ideally bring me and Bill back together, when I heard a someone ring the doorbell. Who the hell was that? No one ever called out of the blue, and I wasn't expecting any deliveries.
I pulled myself up, and headed for the door. I looked through the peephole and saw someone holding a cardboard box, with a smile-like logo on it. I certainly hadn't ordered anything, but maybe Bill had, so I opened the door.
"Hi there! I've got a delivery for you; can you sign here?"
The guy thrust the box into my arms, then held out his tablet for me to scrawl a signature. Goodness knows how they can ever check the right person got the delivery, I wondered, and as the thought hit me, I spotted the name at the top of the form. Mrs Livingstone, my next-door neighbour.
"Sorry, you've got the wrong house. The drives are real close, so you're not the first to make this mistake. No, just go back, and it's over there," I said, trying to give him back the parcel with one hand, and making a wide gesture with the other to indicate the right direction.
As I did it, I felt a waft of air against my chest. As I looked down, I realised that I'd forgotten just how slippery silk could be. The dressing gown had pulled open, and horror of horrors, I could see one breast hanging free as I was leaning forward.
My first reaction was one of shame and embarrassment. I could feel the heat of a blush spread across my face and neck. It could only have been a split second later when I looked back up at the delivery man, who I could see was staring at my exposed nipple, and his eyes flipped up to meet mine, triggering a completely different reaction.
What I saw in his eyes was pure lust. He was seeing me, not as the middle-aged woman with an empty worthless life, but as what my Mom would have called just a 'piece of ass'. No one except Bill had looked at me like that since I was at school, and I felt my exposed nipple hardening. I looked down, and could see a bulge in the front of the delivery guy's pants, which convinced me that he really wanted to fuck me, and for an instant I almost thought I'd let him.
But then I remembered that it was the last time I gave into that sort of lust that had got me where I was now. Even worse, getting seen by nosy neighbours with my tit hanging out and pulling delivery man indoors would destroy my reputation. Anyway, letting a tradesman with a strong Eastern European accent fuck me when I couldn't actually remember when I last took my birth control pill could end up really badly.
It could only have taken a second of two for all these thoughts to flash through my mind as my breast stayed under his gaze, though it felt like minutes. I pulled the robe back across to cover me up, and quickly stepped back inside, closing the door in his face. As I leaned back against the door, I was trembling all over. I was ashamed at having let a stranger see my naked breast, but at the same time my body felt alive in a way I'd forgotten it ever could. I could hardly believe I could still inspire lust, and I revelled in the new sensation of feeling like a complete woman again, with a tingling between my legs that I hadn't felt for years.
Part of me wanted to touch myself, put my fingers inside my pussy, and rub myself to a climax, pushing my fingers up inside me, imagining it was the delivery man. But another part of my brain said that if I gave into my own desire that way, I'd regret it later, and could easily slip back into the loneliness and self-loathing of depression. No, I was going to hold on and cultivate the feeling, savouring it as I tried to get my life back again.
I went back upstairs, took off the robe, and scrutinised my naked body in the full-length mirror. I'd never been a great beauty. As a child, people often said I was pretty, but yet my face seemed instantly forgettable. I could pass someone, even speak to them, and they hardly ever recognised me even minutes later. I guess it was because I didn't have perfect symmetry in my face, nor any striking features like prominent cheekbones, and my hair was just mid-brown, with a mind of its own, but without attractive curls or waves. Now it was a mess, not least because I hadn't blow-dried it properly earlier.
Apart from that, I decided my face had worn pretty well, and for a woman of thirty-eight - well, pushing thirty-nine, actually - the rest of my body hadn't survived too badly either. I cupped my breasts, which were still pretty firm despite feeding two daughters, and my nipples still pointed forward rather than down, though not without a little bit of sag that hadn't been there twenty years earlier.
I'd put on a few pounds recently, from comfort eating and the booze, but I still had a waist, and it had filled out my ass, which given the fashion for large butts, maybe wasn't all bad. Anyway, if I started exercising again, I was sure I could get trimmed back down. No, the only other problem I had was my hair at the other end.
I'd started waxing when the girls complained about the stray curls that had a habit of appearing around the legs of my swimming suits when we were on the beach, and when they were older, we all had regular appointments to have our pussies groomed. I liked to keep a trim patch myself, even though I liked being able to see my large labia when I was bare down below. However, like the garden, my patch seemed to have become badly overrun recently. I remembered that one theory for why humans have hairy genitals, is that it amplifies your odours, in which case, that went some way to explain why I'd smelled so awful that morning.
Just as well the delivery man hadn't seen that, else he might have changed his mind, and if I'd read distaste or even disgust on his face, it would have thrown me into depression for sure. Anyway, if he had seen, how much more thrilling, as well as embarrassing, it would have been if he could have seen my labia, and not just a mass of hair. No, I needed to do something about it right away.
Having decided that with a bit of TLC my body probably wasn't too bad, I had a look in my dressing room at my clothes. I had a lot, but with my new 'fuckable woman' feeling, they looked all a bit dull. Smart, but unmemorable. This new attitude meant I wanted people like the delivery man to remember me, and then lay in bed at night wondering what it would have been like to fuck me.
I chose the best I could find, including a bra and panties which didn't look as if they'd been chosen by an old woman, then headed of into town for a hair job at both ends, and to pick some new clothes that would help me continue feeling like a living, lusting woman.
I was lucky, because I managed to get a slot for a waxing at the beauty salon with only a half hour wait. I think that as I'd been a regular customer, they were keen to have me back. I'd thought that it would feel like old times once I got on the bed and opened my legs for Tanya, the woman who'd always waxed me, and in a way it did, what with the gossip she always had for me, and the occasional feeling that everything was back to the way it was before.
However, it also felt very, very different. The first time I'd been waxed, I was just so embarrassed showing my private parts to someone else. Well, not even just showing them, but letting them touch me as well. Gradually I got used to it, and then when the girls started coming as well, we used to have separate areas that kept our privacy, but let us still talk to each other, and we started to have a good laugh as we each let out 'oohs' and 'aahs' as each new strip of hair was ripped out of us.
It had never felt sexual, though; but today it did. Goodness knows why. I could make sense of why it had felt good to have a man look at my tit and want me, but I couldn't quite see why it should make me feel good having another woman see and touch my pussy. Not for a moment had I ever fancied being a lesbian. Today though, I did, as I suddenly felt myself wishing that Tanya would not just pull my labia about, but ram her fingers up me so I could find out whether I enjoyed it as much as I feared I would.
I made myself mentally apologise to Tanya for such a shocking thought, but then I started wondering. I mean, what a strange thing to do for a living, pulling other women's pussies around and cutting and waxing the hair off. Surely, you'd have to enjoy the sight of another woman's hole, wouldn't you? Or was the opposite true, and would it drive you mad with desire if you did, so only someone who really found it unpleasant could control themselves? I looked at Tanya's face, but it gave nothing away, and I didn't have the courage to ask. Thank goodness, though, I'd given the jungle a good scrub that morning, else I think I'd have just died of shame now.
I managed to get a hair appointment after lunch, so I decided to head to the mall for some clothes shopping. The sting from the waxing somehow seemed to amplify the tingle I still had from realising I could still get a man aroused. Or had I just imagined it? Or was the delivery man some sort of exceptional pervert, and anyone normal wouldn't look twice if I stood before them naked? It suddenly hit me, though, that maybe I'd be able to find out if I were careful.
I knew that one of the fashion shops had decided to make its changing rooms unisex, out of what I could only assume was some misguided attempt at gender equality. The clothes it sold were a bit too fashionable to appeal to me, so I'd rarely used it, but the girls did, and they told me at lunchtimes it was a favourite haunt for the local high school boys, who went there to try things on in the hope of getting a flash of tit though a poorly drawn curtain.
The shop had tried to control it, but given the boys often used to buy something at the cheaper end of things, they couldn't stop it completely. There was a petition going around to separate male and female areas again, but with all the focus on trans- and ambiguous-gender people, the LGBT brigade had started crying discrimination, so it was all on hold. Anyway, it was just what I needed.
If I couldn't get ogled by a high school boy looking for titillation, then I knew I'd have to go back to my original self-assessment. If I could, though, the thought of the kick it would give me, if the morning was anything to go by, would be amazing. Assuming I got a positive reaction, then I intended to by some underclothes that revealed more than they covered, tops that would show my nipple through the material, and skirts that would make it almost impossible for anyone not to be able to look up as far as my panties when I sat down.
I really wasn't sure quite where I was heading with all this. I loved Bill, and I was shocked that I'd thought I might let someone else fuck me, even for the instant I did. I'd always encouraged him with his work and it provided me with money enough for what I'd seen as an enjoyable lifestyle. I could just begin to see that he could claim, with some justification, that I'd been more interested in my daughters than him, if I tried to lay the blame on him for my lack of sex.
Yet I knew I wanted to experience being lusted after, simply an object of sexual gratification, and insofar as it could be called a plan, the only long-term one I had was to see if I could still trigger that response in Bill, and if I could, whether it thrilled me as much as showing my breast to the delivery man had.
I headed off to the clothes shop, feeling distinctly cooler down below. I'd got the timing almost perfect, as I arrived just as a gaggle of high school kids entered the shop. I searched for underwear first, since obviously I'd have to take more clothes off to try them on. I grabbed a selection, and headed to one of the changing rooms nearest the end of the row, so that even people not changing themselves might catch get a look.
I saw that since I'd last been there, they'd hung signs outside saying 'free' or 'occupied'. I left mine on 'free', then I stripped off, making sure that I'd left a good enough gap at the end of the curtain so that from the right angle, I would be fully visible. As I took my dress off, I saw I'd got the attention of one of the boys, and he signalled to his mates to come over and get a look.
When I was fully naked, I made sure I moved around enough for them to be able to get a good look at my tits, my pussy, and my ass. I got that delightful feeling again, that I'd had when the delivery guy saw my tit: a mixture of fear, shame and excitement, as I knew that three boys, well young men I suppose, but certainly no more than nineteen, were looking at parts of my body they never should have been able to.
I tried on some panties and bras, selecting which to keep, and which to return. I stood in front of the gap, making sure that my newly tidied pussy was visible, as I appeared to be pondering on what to buy, while I was actually keeping an eye on the boys. I saw one move away, then he reappeared with a shirt on a hanger, and after some nudging and giggling with his friends, he headed into the changing area.
He walked up to my cubicle, which said it was free, and pulled the curtain wide open.
"Oh, I'm terribly sorry, but it said this one was free," he said, but the grin on his face, and the way his eyes kept flicking between my tits and my pussy, told me he was anything but. He made no effort to avert his eyes, or move away.
I tried to act all embarrassed, looking as if I was trying to cover myself, but when my arm brushed across a nipple, which was already as stiff as an iron rod, it was as if an electric shock ricocheted through my breast. I had to pull my other hand back from my pussy as the sensation was so powerful, I was afraid I might come, especially if I let my hand touch it. I still wasn't yet ready to do that in front of a stranger.
I thought I'd better say something, but before I could, a sales lady came rushing over, shooed the boy away, and started apologising to me.
"No, it was my fault, really. Last time I was here, you didn't have those signs, and I hadn't realised I should change it around," I lied.
The truth was that the feelings shooting through me were so intense I could hardly string even those few words together, because while the woman was apologising, I was still naked, with the curtain wide open, and not just the boys, and a few other shoppers, both men and women, had gathered to see what the fuss was about. What was so great was that only a few walked away, mostly men whose wives, I guess, pulled them to leave, and even the sales lady seemed to be checking out my body, seeming to approve it.
Eventually she broke the spell, pulled the curtain partly closed, used her body to block the gap, then asked me if I actually wanted to keep any of the many sets of lingerie I had with me. I pointed out which I wanted to keep, hoping she was enjoying looking at my swaying tits, as I bent over, as much as I was showing her. I knew that the excitement had made me wet, and as I bent over, I could smell the heady, musty smell coming from between my legs. It was so much better than the one when I got up, and I hoped the sales lady was appreciating it too.
Unfortunately, though, the sales lady put a stop to any more enjoyment, as she kept the boys away when I went back with a selection of dresses, blouses and skirts, and she made sure the sign was turned, and the curtain drawn, though I was pleased that she kept sneaking a peek around the side, and asking me if everything was alright.
In the end, I chose several button-through dresses, some skirts, and some sheer blouses. As an afterthought I added some thigh high stockings, and some shoes with heels far higher than I was used to wearing. I also snagged a filmy new robe, with just a few pads of Velcro rather than a tie or buttons to keep it together.
I thought I might as well start the way I intended to continue, so I put on an almost totally transparent, nude bra under one of the sheer blouses. When I looked in the mirror, it was easy to spot the darker circles of my nipples, which was just what I intended. I put on a pair of thigh highs, the skimpiest nude panties which matched the bra, and my new shoes.
I had so much that I thought I'd carry it all back to the car before getting some lunch, which was easier said than done, as I wasn't used to walking in such high heels. Still, it meant my butt wiggled far more than I was used to, and I was delighted when the boys who were hanging around the mall still, wolf whistled me as I went by.
Oh yes, I was a woman again! I knew that I wasn't supposed to like being looked upon as just a sex object, but it had been so long since it had happened, and I just found it so exciting, my entire body feeling alive and tingling in a way it hadn't for years.
When I went back into the mall, I thought I'd go to the little Italian café the girls used to like so much. I was just walking towards it, when I saw a man and a woman emerge. They hugged, and the man gave the woman the sort of kiss that only lovers share, before they started to turn to walk in opposite directions.
"Hi, Bill. Hi, June," I managed to say, in what I hoped was a relaxed and friendly voice, despite the fact I'd just seen my husband kissing my best friend, and one of his employees in the Company. Kissing her, moreover, in a way that was far more than the sort of kiss friends or colleagues shared.
"Oh ... um ... Jo? What are you doing here? And you look different, somehow..."
I should do, with what I was wearing, and my nipples on display, but I suppose that being caught out in what looked like some sort of affair must be distracting.
"Hi, Jo. You look great, darling," June said, giving me a hug and an air kiss, before pulling back to give me the once over. She hadn't missed the nipples, that was for sure.
"Um ... we were just discussing a new project over lunch," Bill said, though I suspected he'd just made this up for my benefit. "I'd love to stop and talk, but June has to go to meet a customer at their office, and I've got a phone conference scheduled."
"Well, that's just dandy, Bill. I've got my own business to see to as well. But just make sure you're home by seven tonight for a change, else I'll have packed my bags and gone. We need to talk."
"Oh ... right ... well, see you then ... but I can't believe how different you look, Jo."
"If you're home on time, you'll find it's not just looks, darling," I said, as he walked away, June already gone.
For a while, I was absolutely certain that my plan was a total bust, but the more I thought about it, the way he'd started looking at me gave me just a tiny glimmer of hope. He'd looked me up and down, and his eyes widened when he saw the dark shadows beneath my blouse. Perhaps it really was that for the first time since the girls left, at the very least, that he'd seen me as a woman again? Or was it just false hope?
I ordered a double espresso, and a large portion of tiramisu, giving in to comfort feeding after the shock of seeing Bill and June together. However, I was cheered by the way the Italian waiters demonstrated their racial stereotype beautifully, as the hovered around as I showed them plenty of stockinged leg, and kept my blouse taut across my breasts, my nipples creating darker mounds beneath.
I paid, enjoying the knowledge that several pairs of eyes were following my wiggling ass as I walked away, and went back to the beauty salon. I was pleased to find I had Hilary, my usual hair stylist. I surprised her when I asked her for a quite different style, with a more pronounced wave, and a lighter streak to make it stand out even more.
While she was working on me, I tried to reconcile the conflicting emotions that were running through me. Yes, I'd discovered that it gave me a hell of a buzz to have men see naked tits and pussy, and yes, I wanted to experience that feeling over and over again. Yes, I still loved Bill, but would he ever accept my new-found exhibitionism, given I still found it hard myself?
And if he was fucking my best friend, could I still love him? Well, to my surprise I thought I could, as long as he was open about it and admitted it. Even more surprisingly, I decided I might quite enjoy watching him fuck her. Well, exhibitionists often like to watch as well, I'd understood, though where I'd got it from, I'd no idea. I hadn't quite got the same buzz from the sales lady looking at me as I had the men, but was it possible that I could get to like that as well?
That led me to some more questions that scared me, and which I definitely couldn't answer yet. If I'd enjoy watching Bill fuck June, would I enjoy Bill watching someone else fuck me? I decided I'd certainly enjoy having someone watch me and Bill fucking, but I wasn't ready to think about letting anyone else do me. That would require a heck of a lot of trust between me and Bill, and I wasn't even sure he'd cope with what I'd done already, let alone that.
I'd given Bill an ultimatum that at the time I didn't imagine I'd ever keep, but the more I thought about it, the more I realised that if he came home on time tonight, it would be make or break for our marriage. If it was going to be make, then I needed to do everything possible to make him look at me with the same lust that he'd had when he took me the very first time. Just one more thing left that I could do. I walked to the department store that offered to do a full make-up job on you if you bought their products, and asked them to do their best.
When I got home, and passed the mirror in the hallway, I barely recognised myself. If this didn't work, then I was done for. It would either be back to the bottle, or give in to the doctor's advice when I told her I was depressed, and turn myself into a zombie addicted to prescription drugs, as I'd seen happen to several other women I'd met. At least I had a semblance of a plan in my head.
I was almost unprepared when I heard Bill's car only a few minutes past six-thirty, way ahead of my deadline, a time he'd not been home for years. I stood inside the door, trying to look loving but sexy at the same time, and I suspected not quite managing either. As he came through, I threw my arms around him, and tried to duplicate the kiss he'd given June at lunch time.
"Oh ... gosh ... Jo ... you look ... um ... amazing ... what have you done to yourself?"
"I'll come to that later, maybe. First though, have you fucked her?"
"Wh ... what ... who?"
"June, stupid. That was no friendly little kiss I saw was it? So tell me, have you fucked her?"
"What? Of course I haven't darling."
It was the 'of course', the classic tell, especially combined with the 'darling' that gave it away, and meant he either had, or it wasn't for the lack of trying.
"Hmm. Now think carefully, Bill, because I'll know if you lie to me, and I'll walk out of here and the only thing you'll get from me will be divorce papers. You'd like to fuck her, though, wouldn't you?"
His face gave me the answer right away, but the critical question was whether what came out of his mouth was the truth.
"Uh ... well, yes, I would ... I mean the way you've been ..."
"Just cut the excuses, Bill. You're right, wherever we've ended up is a lot to do with the way I devoted myself to the girls, then fell apart when they left, but it's also to do with the way you spend more and more time working. Whatever, the past is the past, and the question is what are we doing to do with the future. So, how far have you got with her?"
"Shit, Jo, do you really need chapter and verse?"
"If you want to have any chance of keeping me, then yes, I do. And remember, I saw that kiss."
"Shit. Well, not very far. I think she's just been playing with me really. I've had a good feel of her ass a few times, but when I tried to feel her tits she slapped me. I took her to lunch for another try, and I thought I might be getting somewhere, but when I asked when she'd let me, she just said 'wait and see' and gave me that kiss. I don't think she ever intends to let me into her panties ... oh, sorry," he said, blushing a bit, as he realised that the way he said it told me exactly how badly he wanted to fuck her.
"I wanted the truth, Bill, so thank you. I can tell from your face that you've been honest with me."
I thought of asking if he'd fucked anyone else, but I decided that I might not be able to cope with the answer at this stage I'd come back to that somewhen else.
"But what about you, Jo. When I last saw you, you looked like a ..."
"... a drunken old slut ..."
"...but now you look stunning. The way you look, you must have got fucked yourself, surely, and isn't that why you've transformed yourself, for someone else?"
My heart leapt, as I took this to mean that he himself wouldn't mind fucking me, while the last time was actually many weeks earlier.
"No darling. I haven't let anyone else fuck me - I'm not ready for that yet - but I have discovered that I enjoy letting people see my tits and cunt."
I'd used the c-word deliberately, as we never did when the girls were around, and I heard Bill gasp as I said it.
"Shit, Jo, what on earth are you talking about?"
"Let's go and sit down, Bill. It's been a strange day, and it's a long story."
When I sat, I saw Bill looking up my skirt.
"Are you wearing stockings, Jo? I've never known you wear them before."
"Do you like them?" I asked, standing up and pulling my skirt right up to my waist, and I noticed a bulge appear in his pants as he took in the sight of my freshly-waxed cunt through the sheer material of my panties.
I sat back down, and gathered my courage to tell Bill exactly what had happened during the day.
"So, you see, Bill, I feel like a woman again. I still love you, but if you want me, you're going to have to live with me showing off my body to other men, and you'd better look at me with at least as much lust as they do to deserve to have me. What do you think?"
"Shit, Jo ... I can't believe what's happened to you. But I still love you and you look fantastic. I guess I can live with it. Come here and give me a kiss, then."
I stood up and he wrapped his arms around me. I felt his stiff cock pushing against my pussy as we kissed, mouths open. I felt one of Bill's hands sliding back around towards my breast.
"Oh no, Bill. No touching. You need to prove that you mean it first," I said, pushing him away from me.
"Fucking hell, Jo, what do you mean?"
"What I mean is this, darling. We're going to order a pizza for dinner, and when the delivery man comes, I'm going to flash him, and you're going to watch me do it. Then, if you behave, well, maybe I'll let you fuck me. How does that sound?"
I could see the conflict raging across my husband's face, as he struggled to work out whether he could live with his wife showing her tits to a stranger, or whether, perhaps he'd even enjoy it, and in any case, did he really want to fuck me enough to agree. Even more, could he live with it as the new normal, if he could only have me after I'd let someone else look at my private bits.
"Fuck, Jo, I can't believe you're really going to go through with this, but ..."
"Well, we'll find out, won't we? You go and order the pizza, and I'll, as I've always wanted to say, slip into something more comfortable."
I went to my bedroom, stripped off my new clothes while I could hear Bill on the phone, and put on my flimsy new robe. Then I went into the bathroom, locked the door and sat on the toilet with my head in my hands. I needed a pee, but I wanted to make sure I avoided any possibility of my husband talking me out of what I'd planned while we waited for the pizza to arrive.
God, I was having to fight not to talk myself out of it as well. It scared me, scared me badly. We'd used the pizza place before, and of course, they knew my name and address. It was wrong, so wrong to let a stranger see my nakedness. And who knew what reaction Bill would actually have when I did it? And what if the delivery man reported it to his bosses, or just told everyone about what a slut I was, or maybe reported me to the cops? And I was sure that Bill having his wife going around exposing herself would be suitable grounds for divorce, if not getting me committed.
It must have been the longest pee I'd ever had, but I was jerked out of my thoughts by the sound of the doorbell. I couldn't let Bill get there first, so I shot downstairs without even flushing. Bill was heading for the door, but I pushed him off to the side, where he could watch but hopefully do nothing about it. I opened the door, and saw a young man who I was sure I recognised from Marie or Ellie's grade at school, and my courage almost left me as my body started trembling with fear.
Then I remembered just how good it had felt when the delivery guy stared at my tit that morning, and the men in the shop had studied every inch of my naked body in the clothes shop, so I forced myself to go through with it. I signed the delivery chit to charge it to our account, then I looked the man in the eyes and smiled, placing the pizza box on the hall table.
"I'm afraid I haven't got any change to give you a tip today, but maybe this will do instead?"
I pulled the sides of the robe apart so that both breasts were fully exposed, and so was my pussy. I moved my legs apart a bit more as I saw his eyes scan down my naked body, hoping he'd be able to see the folds at the front of my labia. I heard a gasp from my husband, who could see the side of my tit, and I pulled the robe open more, so he could see my naked ass, leaving him in no doubt of what I was showing the pizza man.
"Um ... yes ... thank-you ..." he stuttered out, his eyes flicking backwards and forwards between my tits and my cunt.
"Well, let's just keep this our secret, shall we? And maybe I'll let you have this tip next time, rather than cash if you want."
"Uh ... sure ... sure ... yeah," he replies, showing no sign of wanting look away, but just staring at the naked body of a woman, who if my memory was right, was the mother of one of his classmates.
"Good, but I think that's enough of a tip for a single pizza now, don't you?" I said smiling as he dragged his eyes back up to look at my face.
As he started to turn away, I closed the door, and turned to look at my husband, who was looking at me in shock and horror, and something else I wasn't entirely sure about.
"Well, darling? Why don't you close your eyes, and ram you cock up me, imagining that it's June's cunt that you're fucking? And I'll close mine, and imagine I'm being screwed by the pizza boy."
He just looked at me, and I didn't think he was going to do it, but then something seemed to click inside, and he started ripping his shirt and pants off, his cock springing out immediately. I grabbed it with my hand, and lifted on leg on to the hall chair, guiding him up into me. I'd always been a bit of a mimic, and June had a high voice and a distinctive way of speaking.
"Yeah, fuck my cunt, Bill. You've been wanting to for so long haven't you? That bitch of a wife of yours is over there with the pizza boy's cock ramming in and out of her hole, so she won't mind, darling," I said, mimicking June's voice.
If I had any doubt left how much my husband wanted to fuck my best friend, it disappeared in an instant, as Bill drove his cock hard up my cunt, and I could almost feel it swell inside me as he kept his eyes closed, and listened to June's voice.
"Go on, Bill. You can feel how smooth and wet my hole is, can't you? I've just been waiting for an excuse to cheat on my best friend, and seeing her show her tits and cunt to the pizza boy has given me it, but even I hadn't imagined she'd let him fuck her right in front of us. Look at the way her hole is being stretched open, and look, she's just watching you do the same to me. She must be able to see every detail: my asshole and my cunt with your cock inside, and how my cum glistens on your shaft as you pull out of me. Fuck me, you bastard, rub my clit until I come."
"Fuck me you bastard," I added in my own voice, "empty your spunk inside my vagina, then come back and fuck me again the next time you deliver."
There was no way that either of us was going to be able to last long. Either Bill still wanted me as much as ever, or he was so carried away by the thought he was fucking June, because the way his strokes changed told me he would come soon. But I didn't care either way, as both my fingers and his were working on my clit, and I was in ecstasy as my husband, the delivery boy, or both treated me like the woman I hadn't been for so long.
"FUCK!" I yelled in my voice, then "FUCK!" again in June's, and the wave of pleasure that swept over me certainly felt like two climaxes at once.
And Bill hearing his wife and his wife's best friend both coming, joined them filling our cunts with his sperm. God, it was good. Better even that those first few times he'd fucked me, and made me pregnant the first time. Thank goodness he'd kept himself in good shape as well, because otherwise I'd have fallen on the floor, as my leg struggled to support me as my hips bucked backwards and forwards. Eventually we let ourselves recover.
"Fucking hell, Jo, that was amazing. You've taught me two things today. First, that my wife I thought I knew is someone entirely different, yet I love her still, and secondly, the next time we do this, we should put the pizza in the warming drawer first."
How happy that made me feel, when I heard those words 'the next time we do this'.
"I've learned something as well, darling. If we're going to fuck standing up, we should put some tissue down first," as we both watched the sticky line of spunk hanging out of my cunt, making its way to expand the patch of white fluid on the hall carpet, laughing. Come on, let's eat while it's still got some warmth in it."
We took the pizza into the lounge, and ate it just as we were. Bill with his limp cock sticky with my cum, and me with spunk still oozing out of my vagina, which I'd made sure Bill had a good view of. As we finished our meal, I was please to see Bill's cock starting to get stiff again.
"You're still a good-looking woman, Jo, and you know I love you, don't you?"
"Ha, well now you've fucked my best friend, maybe you'd like to come over here and fuck your good-looking wife, then?"
"Oh, no, Jo. Sorry, I couldn't do that, could I?"
That set me back, I can tell you. After what we'd just done, and the way he had been staring at my cunt, I was sure he wanted me. Had I got it all wrong?
"Sorry, Bill, why the hell not?"
"Well, darling, you told me that I was going to have to live with you exposing yourself to strangers, probably, before you'd let me, and I agreed, didn't I?"
"So?"
"But you haven't, have you? Not since before. You tell me you're an exhibitionist one minute, then the next not. I mean, either you are or you aren't, and you can't go changing the rules like that, else we'll never know where we are, will we?"
Somewhere along the way, either while he had his cock in me, or while we were eating pizza, it felt as if the world had somehow changed on its axis. I thought I was the weird one taking change, but here was my husband calling me out on what I thought was my ultimatum to him.
"But ... but, I don't understand, Bill. What are you saying?"
"Well, darling, you set the rules, so if I'm going to fuck you again, you'd better expose yourself again first."
"But, we can't order more pizza, so what ..."
"Yes, but that's not really necessary is it? You can walk right around the house, and there's a fair chance either one of the neighbours will see you, or even someone passing by. So, if you really are the exhibitionist you claim to be, you'd better get yourself outside and run around the house. Then, if I think you took enough risk, maybe I'll agree to fuck you again."
Shit, I couldn't believe it. He'd somehow managed to turn the tables on me. Was he really expecting me to walk round the house naked - running would be too painful on my tits without a bra? What if someone saw me? Fuck, I started to feel myself shaking with fear, but also with anticipation. Yes, what if someone did see me? How fucking exciting would that be!
"You bastard, Bill. Do you really expect me to risk being seen naked, in our own garden?"
"Oh yes, Jo. Yes. It was so exciting to see you showing your tits and cunt to that pizza guy, and I want to feel that thrill again before I ram my cock up you again. So go. Go now, else if you break your side of the deal, I'll break mine."
Oh God, he really had hoist me by my own whatever, hadn't he? And it was true, I could feel my vagina starting to leak again at the prospect of my neighbours seeing me. I stood up, a slimy trail of our mixed cum slowly slipping down the inside of my thigh. I opened the door, and stepped out, pausing to look around before strolling slowly around the house.
I thought, with a mixture of relief and regret, that I was going to get away with it, but as I got back to the front of the house, a car went along the road. It slowed, and I heard a sharp toot of the horn. I stopped, and waved, giving whoever it was the full benefit of my naked front, including if their eyesight was good, the trickle of spunk and cum which had now just passed my knee. I turned and walked to the front door, which opened for me, to reveal my naked husband, his cock rigid and pulsating in front of him.
"God, Jo, that was magic. You really are an exhibitionist cunt, aren't you?"
"Just shut up and shove your cock up it, and find out, darling. I never knew how much I could need you to just fuck me."
I was sloppy as hell, partly from Bill's previous load, but also because my own cum had been pumping out of my hole from the thrill of walking around the house naked. I hadn't realised how cold my skin had become either, until I felt the warmth of Bill's body pressing against me, as he rammed his cock into my slippery cunt, and I wrapped my legs around his waist, forcing him even deeper into me.
"I'm not sure how long I'll be able to keep up this pace, but I'm going to give it my best shot. I'd never have dreamt just how exciting it would be to see other people looking at your naked body, or that you'd even let them. Oh fuck!" he panted as he pumped in and out of me, rubbing my clit with his thumb, and we both came again.
He gave several massive thrusts into me as he tried to empty every last sperm deep in my vagina, even as I rolled around under him, my legs locked around him.
That night we slept in the same bed for the first time for months, and we were both naked, the first time for even longer.
"God, Jo, this has been an amazing day. I feel as if we've found each other again, but how are we going to make sure neither of us slips back again?"
I'd wondered that myself. "You need to help me find opportunities to expose myself, Bill, but also maybe I'll see if I can get a job of some sort to keep me busy. The only problem is that you won't be there to see what I do, but I promise I'll tell you everything when I get home."
"Would you really not mind me fucking June?"
"Hmm. I don't think I'm quite ready for that yet. Just promise me that you'll tell me everything, especially if you get anywhere. I haven't seen her for a while, so maybe I'll be able to help, and if you do get to fuck her, I'd really like to be there to watch. I think I'd like you to watch me being fucked by a stranger as well, but that's also something I'm not yet ready for. I think we need to get used to what it seems we are, when it's just us first."
Bill went off to sleep soon after that, with me spooned into his lap, but my mind was still buzzing far too much for sleep, and I lay there for ages thinking about how I might be able to show my body to strangers with Bill watching.
Over the next few weeks we discovered just how tricky it is to find opportunities for exposure that don't also run the risk of arrest. Part of the problem was me, really. I got a thrill from the risk that someone might see me, but the real buzz only came when someone actually did.
I ended up doing a lot of clothes shopping, leaving the curtain partly open while Bill waited outside. If no one seemed to be looking, he'd ask any man hanging around waiting if that was his wife, because if so, he needed to tell her that her tits and pussy were on display. That made sure that I was seen, and for a while that was almost enough. But of course, the assistants started to recognise us, and became suspicious that something was up, so we had to move on.
I called June, and arranged to meet on her day off. I'd expected her to ask me about my health, sure she must have known about my drinking, but she didn't, seeming totally preoccupied with some concern of her own, though she said she was fine, and nothing was wrong when I asked. Given that, I didn't really feel it was the right time to ask her about Bill. I thought if we went shopping, and I left the curtain of the changing room open, it would provide a lead in to tell her about my new obsession, but she just pulled it across, and told me I should be more careful, else everyone would get to see everything I had.
Bill and I started ordering a lot more things online, as far as possible something we wanted and might have bought in a shop, but failing that, something cheap. Some of the delivery guys had now even started calling me by name, and clearly expected to see my cunt before they'd hand anything over. The trouble was, that once they were no longer strangers, I didn't get quite the same thrill, and with Bill keeping on fucking me just inside the door, it was taking a lot of time to wash the white stains from the carpet.
I tried running with an almost transparent top, but the bouncing was just too painful, so I went back to wearing my normal sports bra. However, Bill and I took to driving out of town, and walking some of the hiking paths. The button-through dresses really came into their own, because I could open them right up, tits and cunt on display, but if say a family group came along, then I could quickly pull them closed.
We found that getting close to dusk was a good time, as we were only likely to encounter dog walkers, and they were generally appreciative of what I was exposing. The trick was not to leave it too late, when the light had gone down too low.
The problem was that I not only wanted to be seen, but as much as possible, every dirty little detail visible. That took me to peeing. Firstly, if you're out walking a hiking trail and need a pee, at some point almost any woman would give in, squat down, and pee in the brush. Of course, you had to take care to avoid cacti, poison ivy, or aggressive ants, so going too far off the track is never a good idea.
What we perfected was a scenario where Bill walked ahead of me, and when he saw a lone guy coming towards us, he'd wave. I'd squat down, pull my dress up to my waist, then wait as long as I dared before starting to pee. The point was that this looked all innocent, Bill being ahead to give me privacy, but then trying to warn me. Well, I suppose someone could say he should have shouted, but everyone knows that once you've started it is really hard to stop, and it gave an excuse for why he followed the stranger back and could watch it all unfold.
God, I loved it. It was probably the biggest thrill of all, when I was squatted down, holding my labia open to avoid spray, and a golden arc of pee coming out of me, hissing as it went, then splashing into the dirt. It was even nastier than just showing my cunt, and it guaranteed they could see right up into my hole, and the pee coming out of my peehole at the front.
It was so good that several times I had to masturbate once the stranger had passed, which Bill enjoyed as well, because I was at the perfect height for him to face fuck me at the same time. Trouble was, it all depended on the weather, and we started to run out of places to go. After the third time we met the same dog walker, the dog rushed up to me like an old friend, pushing me backwards, so I peed all over the dog its owner's feet. A big thrill, but not one that we could risk repeating.
I did get a job, or rather several short-lived ones. My only formal training was a long time ago, and I'd never had a proper job, because I'd got pregnant still in education, then Bill's father had paid for me to look after my daughters until Bill's income was enough. I worked on a food store's checkout, which was boring, and when I undid too many buttons on my blouse, I got fired. Then I worked as a waitress, which at least gave me exercise and let me flirt a bit, but it also had a dress code, albeit a bit looser, so I could show some cleavage.
Then one day I came across an ad on one of the local websites, asking for volunteers for life models for art classes, both daytime for students, and evening for hobby painters and sculptors. Apart from the obvious appeal of showing off my body, Bill had always had a talent for sketching, with a few strokes being able to create people, faces and landscapes, and he'd often said he'd like to find time to take lessons to learn to paint properly. His birthday was coming up, and what better present than paying for an evening course, then letting him discover that the model was me?
Anyway, I filled in the online form, attached two pictures, one a passport photograph, and the other a full length one (dressed). After a couple of days, I got an email back, asking me to go to the art department of the local university for an interview.
I opted for relatively modest clothes, wanting to look like a serious art lover, rather than a stripper after some extra cash, and drove over for my appointment. I was shown into a modestly sized office, filled with books on art, but almost totally free from any art.
A grey-haired man, who I guessed must be in his late fifties, or even his sixties, greeted me, dressed in jeans, a pale denim shirt, and a yellow cravat around his neck. To me, he looked more like someone trying to look like an ageing artist, and not quite pulling it off, than a university professor. I was expecting him to give my body a good look over, but his eyes seemed to be boring through my clothes as they ran down my body, sending a buzz through , even as my opinion of him went further down.
"Come in Ms. Lowenstein, or may I call you Josephine? I'm Vincent, Professor Gough."
Vincent Gough? I couldn't believe that could possibly have been his original name, and it just confirmed my view of him as a fake and a bit of a poser.
"Well, Vincent, if you don't want me to walk right out again, you can call me Jo, but never Josephine, please."
He started off by asking questions about my background, past experience, and all the usual stuff where I pretty much came up blank as far as anything useful, although I was able to throw in a few artists names to show that I wasn't completely ignorant. Eventually, he got to the question I'd spent time preparing for.
"Tell me Jo, what has led you to apply to be a life model? And you do realise, don't you, that it will require you to pose naked for most of the time?"
"Yes, I do realise that, and I have to tell you it took me a long time to get up enough courage. It's just that I love art, and to me the human body, especially a woman's, is one of the most aesthetically pleasing objects in the universe. What worries me, though, is with the whole fuss around #MeToo and the like - though I totally support the stand for women's rights and freedom - runs the risk of making nudity unacceptable even in high art. It would be ... tragic ... a huge loss to people's enjoyment of the beauty we have been blessed with in the human body. So, even though I don't claim to have a perfect body, I feel obliged to sacrifice all of my modesty and reserve, to help stop this happening."
It was all bullshit, of course, except the bit about supporting campaigns like #MeToo.
"Hmm, very eloquent, Jo, and I can only agree with your opinion about the female form. Alright, then, let me see what you have to offer."
I suppose I had always expected that someone would want to look at my body before taking me on, but wow, somehow I hadn't been expecting I'd have to get naked in such a small room, with a man so close to me. I felt the shaking inside start up again. Shit, could I really go through with it?
"What, you mean strip? Here? Now? With you right next to me?"
"Look, Jo, I'm a big boy, and in my time, I've seen many naked women, so I'd be amazed if you have anything I haven't seen before. And if you're going to be a life model, you'll have to get used to ten or twenty people at least, men and women, young and old looking at you. If you can't do it for just me, then please, just forget about it entirely, and walk away."
The way he was looking at me, though, was screaming out that all he wanted was to see me naked next to him in the office, and it must have been the look of raw lust on his face that did it. I felt my pussy getting wet, and although I was still quaking with fear inside, I had the tingling thrill of sexual pleasure at exhibiting my nakedness to a complete stranger.
"No, I've made up my mind to do it out of principle, and principles are so important for me," I said out loud, keeping the "and nothing excites me more than showing my tits, cunt and ass to a stranger," totally to myself.
"Just put your clothes on that chair, then, Jo."
I'd worn a modest blouse and skirt, but I'd worn lacy undies which let everything show through. I slowly undid my blouse, trying to look reluctant and modest, but getting more aroused with every button I undid. I saw his eyes widen as he saw my nipples, already stiff, showing as dark mounds underneath the lace of the bra. I might not be able to show him anything he hadn't seen before, but his face and the bulge in his pants gave the lie to how much he wanted to see those things again on a new woman - me.
I folded my blouse and placed it on the chair tidily, showing him the way my breasts moved under the soft bra, but making him wait to see any more. I undid my skirt, and slowly let it drop down. I turned away from him, the way I hoped a woman not used to undressing in public would, but I knew that when I bent down to pick it up, he would have a gorgeous view of my ass. I could feel that the narrow back to the lacy thong was buried in the crack between my butt cheeks, and maybe he'd even be able to see the wrinkled edges of my asshole.
Shit, it was really getting to me, as I turned back, letting him see the darkness of my barely covered, trimmed pubes through the gaps in the material. I folded my skirt, and put it on top of my blouse, moving closer to him. I was now just wearing my lacy bra and panties, and a sheer pair of creamy thigh highs.
I could see his eyes linger on my pussy, the thigh highs drawing his attention to the V at the top of my legs. I put one leg up on the chair, and started to slowly and smoothly roll the thigh high down my leg. As I got close to my ankle, I moved my leg wider. Fuck, I could smell the powerful scent from my cunt, and when I looked down, I could see one of my labia trying to escape out the side of my thong.
Hell, if it felt this good when I still had my undies on, how on earth was I going to contain myself when my tits and cunt we fully exposed to his gaze? Believe me, I was desperate to find out. I carefully stretched out the thigh high, and placed it on top of my skirt, then repeated the process with the other.
"I'm sorry if I seem to be taking a long time," I said, stopping as I reached my ankle, looking at him and smiling, making sure that he could see enough of my cunt to send him wild, imagining what the rest of it was like. "I'm not used to undressing in public, and I do like to take good care of my clothes, Professor."
"Um ... Vincent ... no ... no ... take your time, Jo ... I'll just think about what sort of poses might suit you given what I've seen so far."
Yeah, me laid back holding my hole wide open, and ropes of your spunk criss-crossing my cunt and running inside me, probably, I thought, letting my imagine run away with me. The way his eyes were locked between my legs made me sure his thoughts were also running along the same path.
I was as careful with the second thigh high as the first, but then I reached behind me, unclipping my bra.
"Oh dear, I'm not sure if I can go through with it after all," I said, lying through my teeth, as by now no earthly power could have stopped me exposing everything inches in front of this strange professor, who was probably old enough to be my father, but from his tautness across the front of his pants, his cock was still as powerful as ever. I held on to my bra, but let the straps fall off my shoulders, and the cups slide down until the dark edges of my nipples were just showing.
I could see he was praying to some sort of deity that I wouldn't chicken out, but show him the full glory of my tits, then he started to open his mouth, probably to tell me to get out.
"Oh well, if Venus de Milo did it, then so can I," I said, dropping my hands, just catching my bra straps as then threatened to slide over my hands. "Do you think these will be okay for your class, Vincent," I asked pushing my chest out.
I'd never seen my nipples as stiff, and from the look on the Prof's face, he hadn't seen any like this for a long time, since I knew that my tits were fine, but not exceptional at all.
"Um ... yes ... um ... good, good ... but you'll need to remove everything for the class, Jo."
My ears were ringing, my body felt as if it was burning, and my brain was telling me what a shameful woman I was. However, my twat was tingling so badly I almost felt compelled to start touching it. Was I really going to show my cunt to this guy I'd never met before, in his office, with the door closed, and his hands within easy touching distance?
Here goes nothing, I thought, as I concentrated on trying to keep his attention on my dangling tits, and I pulled my lacy thong down. Oh shit, it hadn't only worked its way into my butt crack, but my labia seemed to have wrapped themselves around the crotch. I had to pull hard to get it out, and the thong snapped down suddenly as my lips opened, and I could feel droplets of my cum being thrown against the inside of my thighs.
My aroma was intense, and as my thong travelled down my ankles and over my feet, it was blatantly obvious to me, as it must have been to the stranger in front of me, just how wet they were. Oh well, I'd got this far, so I carefully straightened out my thong, exposing the stained insert, and I placed it on top of the pile of clothes.
I expected a comment, but the professor didn't speak for ages, while his eyes ranged over my body, sucking in every detail of my genitals, which I knew he should never have been able to see.
"Ah ... yes ... maybe ... but before I make a final decision ... I think I need to see what you look like in some of the poses I'm thinking of using. Yeah, maybe start with one of Degas' woman drying poses - you know what I mean?"
I did, actually, so as the Professor stood and started pulling books from the shelves, I sat on the chair with my back to him, just showing one tit jiggling around as I pretended to be drying my hair. I didn't think he'd be content with me only showing that much, though, and I was right. He walked towards me, and for a moment I thought he was going to put his hands on me, but instead, he did something to the back of the chair, which to my surprise folded down to for a sort of couch.
"Let's try something older ... how about Titian's Venus d'Urbina?"
I knew that one as well, though he showed me a picture to make sure, and as I lay back on the couch, with one hand barely covering my pussy, the Professor sat on the edge of his desk, looking at me slightly from one side of my feet.
"Good, good ... now what about this Modigliani?"
I looked at the image in the book, though I could pretty much have guessed what it would be like. I moved my hand away from my pussy, and uncrossed my legs. Fuck, I had no doubt that by the time we finished he'd have had a look right up my cunt, and the thought was sending shivers right through me.
"Not bad, Jo, not bad. Let's try a different angle. Ah ... yes, how about this Francois Boucher 'Odalisque'? Here ..."
That one I didn't know, but it made sense, because it was of a woman laid on her stomach, looking at the viewer over her shoulder, with her legs open a bit, and one leg hanging over the side of the couch. I turned over, and tried to take the position.
"Uh ... give me another look," I said, adjusting my position.
Fuck, he was trying to get a look at my asshole, I realised! Apart from Bill and my doctors, no one had ever got a look at my shit hole, and the prospect sent me tingling with pleasure. Oh well, might as well give him a really good look, I thought, as I pulled my butt cheek open with one hand, trying to look as if I was trying to get the pose perfect. Oh yes, the way his eyes widened told me that no detail of my wrinkled brown anus had escaped his gaze.
"Ah ... yes ... but I'd like to go a bit further with this semester. Now, how about this one, Courbet's 'Origin of the Universe'?"
I didn't know this painting, and I couldn't quite see how a nude would fit into a painting of stars and planets, but when he showed me the print in another book, I could see precisely why he chose it. It was another of a woman on her back, but it was really all about her cunt, as only part of her legs were visible, along with one breast and the edge of a white cloth over the other one, and presumably her face which was mostly out of the picture. This was what I'd been anticipating!
"I'm sorry, that woman has a full bush, but with my waxing, I'm afraid you'll be able to see more of my ... my vulva," I said, taking myself by surprise as I blushed. I wasn't quite sure if it was almost having to use the c-word, or because he really would get a look at the whole of my slit.
"Oh, don't worry, Jo. We're not trying to just copy the original, but to inspire the students to produce something of their own, and the way you look is ... much more contemporary."
I could feel that I was leaking like mad now, and I could smell my own scent, and he was so close he must have been able to as well. Was that why he'd stopped? Anyway, I held the pose for a while, Professor Vincent's eyes fixed on my private parts, and I struggled not to give in to the desire to touch myself, and get myself off. Then he picked up another book.
"Um ... well ... you might not be prepared to do this one ... one of Egon Schiele's. It's called 'The Dream Look'."
I knew about Schiele's works, which I thought were mostly pretty ugly, largely nudes, many of him and his male friends, but a lot of women as well. Fuck, I could see why he thought I might refuse. While it wasn't as ugly as many, the woman was laid on her bed with her legs apart, and she was using her hands to pull her labia open, showing the inside of her cunt, which were painted in a vivid orangey-pink. In truth, compared to a lot of porno, it was not that extreme, but it caused a lot of trouble at the time it was painted, and I knew that for many it definitely still had that power.
"Oh! Tell me first if I've got the job, so I can decide whether or not I do this one."
"Ah ... yes ... I believe you would be quite suitable. Quite honestly, it's been hard to find the right sort of people to be a serious life model. Yes ... but ..."
'I'd still like to see up your cunt' was the unspoken end to that sentence. Was I really going to let this stranger see every little detail of my gash? I was nervous, frightened, ashamed, but desperately excited at the same time as I thought about it.
"Well ... but just in the interest of art, then ..."
I felt so disgusting, so full of adrenaline, and my hands were shaking as I put them down and caught hold of my cuntlips. Boy was I wet, and I had to squeeze hard for my lips not to slip out of my grip as I pulled my hole open wide. I could hear the soft, crisp squelching noise as my cum stuck to either side, sounding like miniature velcro opening.
God, I don't think I'd ever felt so alive. As he looked at me, I could see that his cock was stiff, and I was afraid, no hoped, that he'd get it out and shove it up me. I didn't care whether he asked or not, but if he had, I'd have said yes.
I knew if he did fuck me, then I'd definitely have to persuade June to let Bill fuck her, but I really didn't care. I had myself open so far, he must have been able to see way further into my vagina that the woman in Schiele's painting, and even Schiele hadn't dared depict the translucent cum that was oozing out of me. Come on, Prof, fuck me, I kept trying to send telepathically.
Yes! The Professor stood up, and put his hand on his belt. But then there was a knock at the door.
"Professor Gough! It's Lucy Valero and Janet Medina. Have you forgotten we have a tutorial now? Can we come in?"
Fuck, fuck and fuck again! Or more accurately lack of fuck. The Professor went white, and stammered a reply as he picked up my clothes and threw them at me.
"Um ... yes ... of course ... um ... just give me a minute ... while I ... finish with an important visitor, girls."
I just shoved my bra and thong into my purse, and hastily put on my blouse and skirt, fumbling to get the buttons done up.
"I'll email you the dates of the classes, Ms Lowenstein," he said, as he showed me out of his office, and let his young female students in. The air in the corridor felt cooler, and I was sure the girls would be able to detect the smell of my cunt when they went in, but that was the least of my problems. I needed to get fucked, urgently, violently and desperately.
My first thought was to drive to Bill's office, burst in, and make him fuck me over his desk. I didn't care who watched, and if June were there, so much the better. Then I realised that if I did that, given we'd promised to tell each other the truth, I'd have to tell him about the life class, and that was going to be a surprise for him.
I was tempted just to approach one of the male students wandering around campus to ask them to fuck me, but I still had enough of my brain working to realise that wasn't a great idea. The best I could think of was to drive home as fast as I could, and give my rabbit a thorough work out.
When I reached the car, even that idea seemed to be messed up, though. Parking on campus was never easy, and I'd had to park right at the far end, under the trees, at the end of the row next to some bushes. Some thoughtless bastard in a beat-up convertible had decided there was enough space for them as well if they pushed the bushes back, and then climb out over the top.
That was fine for them, but they'd left me only inches between them and my driver's-side door. There was no way I could get in. Shit. I was now furious as well as horny as hell. I managed to open the passenger door, and found with a bit of care I could just about squeeze inside. The problem was that it was a smaller, European-style car with bucket front seats, and a centre console with a stick shift.
The only option I could come up with was to try to climb over. I hoiked my skirt right up, used my arms to pull my left leg up to my chest, and carefully stretched my leg across the console. I gradually moved my weight across, and tried get my left foot to the floor, so I could take my weight on it, then try to get the other leg over.
I thought I was doing fine, but those damn heels let me down. As I tried to transfer my weight, the heel went sideways, and my ankle turned. By that time, I'd moved my centre of gravity so far that my right leg couldn't keep me up, and my body fell down on to the console. If it hadn't been a stick shift, everything might have worked out fine, but it was. I gasped as the gear leaver hit my pelvis with a bang, bringing tears to my eyes. Again, if I hadn't been so wet, that would probably have been it. I could have kept my body up on the gear lever, got my footing again, and completed the move.
As it was, I felt my body sliding against the smooth, rounded top of the gear lever, and there was nothing I could do to stop it forcing its way right up into my vagina. As it went in, I expected another belt of pain as it hit my cervix, and I prayed that it wasn't going to damage my cunt, as I was just beginning to really enjoy it again.
Drop me an email, and I'll tell you the exact make and model, because - well, it could only be coincidence, surely - the gear lever stopped fractions of an inch short. I had a few seconds of relief, before my sexual frustration took over again, and I saw the great opportunity I'd been given.
There I was, desperate for a fuck, and by accident, I'd ended up with something up my cunt that initially felt a bit cold, but was warming up, and I was finding it hard to tell it wasn't the Professor's cock. I carefully shook my shoes right off, and found that if I used one hand on the steering wheel, I could manage to move up and down on the gear stick, enough anyway that I could feel the friction as it went in and out.
With a few practice pumps up and down, I'd learned to control my body enough to risk moving my other hand down to my clit. I leaned forward as far as the angle of the dash would let me, and I started fucking myself hard with the gear stick. God, I wanted the Professor to fuck me, but it was increasingly seeming that my fingers on my clit, and my car up my hole wasn't such a bad alternative after all.
I could hear the slurping of my cum as I pulled up as far as I could, letting the gear knob almost come out of me, then ramming it back up me again, all the time rubbing my clit and sliding my fingers along my slit, feeling the plastic-covered metal pulling my hole open. I'd just let a stranger look up my cunt, and I'd loved it, the sparks of sexual energy zinging through me as I rocket up towards a climax, now I loved my car up inside me.
Of course, just as I was getting there, the idiot in the convertible chose to come back. As the scruffy kid climbed over the back and into the driver's seat, he noticed me. From the look on his face, he must have realised that he'd blocked my entry, but was then wondering what the hell I was doing going up and down. He pushed himself back in his seat to get a better look.
"Sorry, Ma'am. I was only going to be a minute. Are you alright, though?"
As I heard him speak, it struck me that my skirt was up around my waist, so that the kid could see my naked ass, my anus, almost certainly, and the opening of my vagina as the gear lever stretched it each time I moved. It was enough to take me over the edge, and I tried to make my cry of pleasure, as my orgasm flowed through me, sound something like a yes.
I moved my hand off my clit, and gave him a quick thumbs up sign, before burying it back between my legs, pressing hard against my clit, as my body pistoned up and down on the gear lever, totally out of my control, coming a second time before the first had faded. I guess it was the combination of displaying myself to the Professor, then knowing that some kid, young enough to be my son, was watching my car fuck me.
As I came down from my climax, I saw that the kid had his face against the side window, his mouth wide open. I smiled at him, then slowly moved my weight to my left foot, holding up my skirt, so he could see the gear stick as it pulled out of my cunt. I lifted my right leg, and tried, as much as the limited space would allow, to let the kid see my gaping hole closing slowly. Then I had another wicked thought.
I'd put the key in the ignition when I got in, as much as anything to avoid dropping it while I climbed over. I turned the key, then lowered the front passenger window. I used two fingers from the hand I'd been using to play with myself, and I slipped them up my hole, moving them around to collect as much cum as I could, then I sat down, finally in the driver's seat. I leaned over, holding my fingers out of the widow.
"You really don't deserve this, boxing me in like that, but if you hadn't, my car would never have got to fuck me. So, here's a taste of me as a reward."
The kid looked shocked, and I didn't think he was going to do it, so with the other hand, I undid a couple of buttons, and pulled out one of my tits.
"Come on, I won't bite you."
Oh, but he didn't just taste me. He sucked my fingers slowly, his tongue pushing between them, making sure that he could swallow down every molecule of my cum. It occurred to me, though, that the kid might think it was an invitation for him to fuck me, and again, I thought I wasn't quite ready for that, and if I did, I'd still have to explain to Bill why I'd been at the uni at all.
I pulled my hand back, started the engine, scrabbled with the slimy gear stick, reversed out as quick as I dared, and drove off. When he got home, I told Bill about being boxed in, and what I'd done, just moving the location to one of the out-of-town malls.
"I'd have loved to have seen that, Jo. Maybe you could show me what you did? Haven't we got a fresh cucumber? If I hold it upright, and you straddle over one of the dining chairs, it ought to give me an impression of it, shouldn't it?"
"Bill! I've never had a cucumber up my cunt ... but alright, let's give it a try, darling."
He was right, it was as awkward as in the car, though the cucumber was longer, and I had to be a bit careful not to ram it up me too far. I didn't have a stranger watching me, but there was something about Bill holding the cucumber, his face inches away from my cunt, able to see very little detail of the way the cucumber pulled my hole open, that made up for it. I knew as well that my asshole must have been fully exposed, bringing back memories of the session with the Professor.
My body felt as if I had pins and needles all over, as I worked myself up and down on the cucumber, playing with my clit, and trying to give Bill the nastiest view I could of everything going on between my legs. I came quickly, screaming out as I drove the cucumber a bit too far up my vagina than was comfortable.
I guess Bill must of realised and decided to help me out, or perhaps I'd done even better with what I was displaying than I'd hoped, because as I was still hanging on to the chair as my legs seemed to lose strength under my orgasm, I felt the cucumber being pulled out of me. Immediately, Bill thrust his cock up me instead, grabbing hold around me so he could reach my clit, and while the two of us sent my arousal right up again, even as I was still coming from my own fingers, he pumped his cock in and out of my cunt from behind.
God, it felt good. I could imagine the student who blocked me in fucking me instead of my husband, but at the same time, I knew Bill was imagining that kid having seen the gear stick going in and out of me.
When I looked at my iPad after Bill had gone to work the next day, I saw I already had an email from Professor Gough, giving me a date for my first session as a life model. I was a bit disappointed that it was well over a week ahead, but what it did mean was that I could book Bill on the course.
When Bill came back that evening, I was naked. I ran out of the house to the car, and kissed him, taking him by surprise. Well, he was my husband, so what If my neighbours did see?
"What did I do deserve this?" he asked as he hugged me, slipping a finger into my cunt.
"It's just I love you, Bill. And I've got you a present. I know that your birthday is a few weeks off, but I've booked you on an art course at the university. It's mainly about the human body, so who knows, maybe you'll get to see some nice tits, or maybe even more."
"That's fantastic, Jo. Thank you. I think we should order a pizza to celebrate."
Yes! Not only was I going to be able to expose myself again, but my husband had embraced it. I could hardly believe how just accidentally showing a breast to the delivery man had changed our life for the better. I loved fucking my husband, but I loved it even more after I'd made him watch me show my cunt and tits to a stranger.
We ordered, and I stayed naked, thinking I'd give the pizza guy a special view this time. I was pacing around, finding hard to control my anticipation, my whole body tingling, when the knock came on the door. I went and opened it, enjoying, as always, the look on the guys face as he saw my naked body. I took the pizza, and handed it back to Bill to slip into the warming drawer.
Something was different this time, though. The guy was one I'd exposed myself to a few times already, and as I was about to do my usual spiel about the tip, he interrupted me.
"I think I deserve a better tip this time, Ms Lowenstein. The old one is getting a bit familiar, but I'm sure you wouldn't want me spreading around the story about what a slut you are, would you?"
I was horrified, but yet excited, at the prospect of doing something new. "Um ... no ... but what did you have in mind?"
"Well, seeing you naked puts lots of thoughts in my mind, but I though a blow job would make a fair tip."
Shit! For a start, I'd never been that keen on giving blow jobs, seeing it as a poor substitute for being fucked, just a way of avoiding pregnancy before I met Bill, and he'd always preferred to come inside me - hence getting pregnant so early. More importantly, though, it would be the first time I'd had any form of sex with anyone else since I'd met Bill.
Still, I'd let the parking idiot lick my cum off my fingers, so would this be much worse? I just seemed to be unable to make a decision, even as the pizza guy was unzipping the front of his pants.
It was Bill who snapped me out of it. "Just get on with it, Jo," he whispered just loud enough for me to hear.
Actions speak louder than words, I thought, so I put my hand inside the guys open zip. His cock was as rigid as a flagpole, and it took both of my hands to untangle it from his boxers, and pull it out into the open, as I knelt down in front of him.
I looked up to his face, and saw a mixture of surprise, excitement and lust, suggesting he never really believed I'd do it, especially with my husband watching. "Alright," I said, immediately taking his cock in my mouth.
My first reaction was revulsion, because of the powerful, sweaty, male smell and taste. But then I thought about how my husband was watching his naked wife eating a stranger's cock. Oh fuck, I thought I was going to explode as the desire to shock, to be humiliated, to do something utterly disgraceful swept over me. I just had to touch myself. I fingered myself, pulling cum back to my clit, which I started rubbing with speed and energy.
The guy obviously had a lot more experience of blowjobs than me, and he seriously overestimated my level of skill. I'd never really learned to control my gag reflex, but the guy put his hands behind my head, and rammed his cock right down my throat. Shit, I couldn't breathe, and I thought I was going to throw up, my throat contracting repeatedly as it tried to get rid of the blockage. I tried to shout out, but ended up just making a grunting noise.
Maybe it was just as well the guy was experienced, because he must have spotted that I wasn't comfortable. He relaxed his grip on my head, and pulled his cock out of my mouth. I just about controlled myself, but a waterfall of saliva came out of my mouth, flowing down over my tits, and running over my belly to my pussy.
I was just enjoying my second lungful of air, when the guy drove his cock into my mouth again, once more forcing his cock down my throat so far that my lips were pressed against his pants. I was sure this time I really would throw up, but I used all of my willpower, and somehow managed not to. The guy started pumping his cock in and out, fucking my mouth as if it was my cunt, and although saliva continued to flow over my tits, I found I could breathe through my nose on his backstroke, and gradually the impulse to gag weakened.
Then I started to enjoy myself, realising that not only was it a stranger having sex with me, but he was treating me more brutally than I'd ever been treated before. And I loved it, letting him use me however he wanted for his pleasure, while I slipped my fingers along my slit, which was wet with my cum and the stream of saliva out of my mouth. I paced myself, getting to the edge of coming, then slowing down.
The guy lasted longer than I'd ever imagined he would. Okay, he'd seen me naked, but I was otherwise a stranger, old enough to be his mother, and my husband was watching. I took it as a complement. Not that I was no good at bringing him off, but the feelings I sent through him were so good that he wanted them to last as long as possible.
I felt his strokes change, telling me that he was going to come soon, and I stepped up the pace of my fingers. I came as I felt warm liquid coming out of the end of his cock. Oh shit, I'd become so carried away with the wonderful warm, expanding feeling in my cunt, filling my vagina, and shooting up through my belly, that I'd forgotten to think about what I'd do when the guy came.
Now I had no choice. I could feel ropes of spunk filling my throat, with each squeeze of the guy's cock. I swallowed down as much as I could, but I couldn't keep up with the volume, and I had to let some fill my mouth, as my hips bucked up and down as I came as well.
I was just trying to get my thoughts together when I felt the cock soften, and leave my mouth.
"Thank you, Ms Lowenstein, for such a generous tip, but I've got more pizzas to deliver yet."
My mind and body were still reeling from the intense pleasure of my climax, when the guy closed the front door, and I felt myself being pulled up from my knees.
"You fucking cunt, Jo. Sucking off someone you don't even know, right in front of me. You'd better try to make it up by letting me fuck you."
I just had time to see that Bill was naked himself, before he lifted one of my legs up on to the chair, and rammed his cock into my cunt. My tits and belly were drenched with my saliva, which I could feel between us, as Bill held me close and kissed me hard. Should I push him away and tell him, as I realised my mouth was still full of the pizza guy's spunk?
What the hell, I thought, as the thought of putting another guy's sperm into my husband's mouth send a bolt of excitement shooting through me, even as his cock drove into my cunt, and his tongue pushed between my lips. I felt him jerk as he realised what I'd done, but then the pace of his thrusts into me speeded up, and I had to put my fingers to work again on my clit, else I risked being left behind.
Oh God, it was another super-intense experience, as the wonderful sexual sensations coming from my cunt overwhelmed me. All I could feel was my fingers on my clit, Bill's cock filling my vagina, and his tongue still in my mouth. We came fast, almost together, and again we had to grab the chair as both our legs turned to jelly as we both came.
If we carried on like this, we'd have to get a new carpet, I thought, as another mess of spunk and saliva landed right in the doorway again.
It turned out, though, that the timing of the art course worked well, because I started my period the next day, something I hadn't really thought about. It gave Bill the perfect excuse for me to practice my newly-learned blowjob skills on him, though, which he wasn't sorry about at all. I thought that it might also be an excuse to have another go at June, but when I asked him if he'd got anywhere, he said no, and told me that June seemed even more occupied and worried.
I was starting to feel guilty, as I seemed to be getting more that Bill out of our new arrangement, so I called June again, and fixed a meeting a couple of days ahead. I was still working a few hours as a waitress, but quote honestly, just flashing a bit of cleavage wasn't really doing it for me, given everything else I'd now done. However, that was about to change, because a guy came into the restaurant, who offered me something different, something that sounded a lot more exciting.
There was something about him, a sexual energy that I felt immediately I saw him, so I undid a couple more buttons on my blouse, and bent lower as I took his order, feeling my tits hanging, attractively I hoped, in front of him. It worked, because when I gave him his check, he gave me his business card.
I knew there was a topless bar in town, but I'd thought the girls were all chosen to be as young as was legal, and to have bouncy young tits, so hadn't even thought about applying. It seemed I was wrong, though. The guy told me that the whole MILF thing was so strong that he'd had requests for older women, so he was planning to put on special MILF sessions, and was recruiting new waitresses.
To start with I was a bit nervous. Not about my tits being on display, that would be great, but the fact my face would be as well. I could imagine, if only through curiosity, people who knew me might investigate and recognise me. He said they'd thought about that, and decided that the MILF waitresses would wear gold masks, because apart from helping protect the waitresses anonymity, it would add intrigue. Who knew whether the MILF waving her tits around was your neighbour, or even you aunt or mother, perhaps?
Of course, I signed up immediately, and told my current boss that I'd be leaving at the end of the week. It was a couple of days later when I met up for lunch with June. I could see immediately that she was worried about something. After some small talk, I pressed her to tell me what was wrong.
"I think Manuel is having an affair, Jo. He's always away, and although he says it is work, he always seems to manage to avoid giving me any detail. We always used to share everything. I've also got a someone else who keeps trying to get off with me. We've had a different sort of relationship, and I'm not comfortable changing it to something sexual. If Manuel is cheating on me, though ... oh, I'm just so confused."
This was great. She was obviously talking about Bill, wasn't she? Here was my opportunity to help my husband get in her panties.
"It's your life, of course, but if you want my opinion, you should go for it. I felt so depressed when the girls left home, but I've managed to get out of it by acting on my emotions."
"Oh, I wondered about that. But what did you do, then?"
Ah! How much should I tell her? "I just rediscovered my femininity, really. I started to dress differently, and now I enjoy men looking at me, not just Bill."
Well, it was all true - just - wasn't it? I couldn't bring myself to tell her I'd become an exhibitionist, and if I said how my relationship with Bill had changed, I thought it would likely discourage her from letting him fuck her.
"Damn it, Jo, I think you're right. That's what I'll do."
My heart was leaping as I got home. Bill was going to get to fuck June at last. I was sure she'd know when his birthday was, and hopefully she'd give herself to him as her birthday present. I just hoped he wouldn't like it too much more than the one I had planned to give him: me naked in front of his art class.
I was still on blow-job duty that night when Bill came home, and having his cock in my mouth at least helped a bit in stopping me revealing the exciting things June was going to treat him to. Fortunately, my period had finished the next morning, so I phone the club and arranged to go in to measure up for the new costume. Tampons are good, but I wasn't keen on being sized up for what I imagined would be a skimpy costume while I was on.
I was right to wait, as what I was going to have to wear was even smaller than I'd imagined. The red bikini bottom, covered with sparkling glass beads, was little more than a thong, cut high on my hips, and the costume was completed with white thigh highs. It covered so little that I had to go to Tanya to trim my pubes back a bit further, and to apply some fake tan front and back.
I could hardly contain my excitement, but I still hadn't quite figured out how to tell Bill, or perhaps better, somehow persuade him to go to a topless bar, which wasn't his style. At least as far as I knew. The thought of him seeing me topless, in front of a horde of people really got me going. I did two circuits around the house that night, naked, of course, and when Bill fucked me, I was imagining his face when he realised that his masked topless waitress was his wife.