I don't know yet which series of my last 3 new additions will be continued. This is just a pilot.
***
My new passion is photography. I took a few classes and saved up to buy a high end camera to take stills. I'm also a porn addict and I have always been a lover of the naked body. I wanted to pursue a career in nude photography. I think it's tied to the fact that I'm 5'6",not athletic and just overall not a ladies magnet and not well endowed. If I can't be the guy all the women want to be with then I can be there to watch, record and take pictures. It's a win-win, but the industry is hard to break into so I'd have to at least have some experience under my belt. I decided to put ads out online as a free nude photographer. Maybe there would be some sexy couples who wanted somebody to hold the camera for them.
A couple of days later I checked how many replies I got to my ad and there were only a few. Most of them were obvious fakes or just unattractive people. But there was one message that stuck out to me. It was from a young and gorgeous girl. Her face was hidden but she attached a topless pic of herself with a note showing the date as verification. I could tell her body was stunning just by looking at her breasts, B cups with perfect pink nipples. Her right areola was slightly larger than her left and it made her look more authentic and naturally beautiful. Her skin was perfectly clear and pale.
She said in her message that we should meet for coffee as she is interested and that we could talk about how it would work. I messaged her with a time and location and surprisingly she responded right away as the meet up was set.
I arrived early and took a seat. Two minutes later she came along and I was awestruck. She's exactly my type. A petite redhead barely 5'4" tall with a slim figure but round in all the right places. She had light grey-blue eyes, soft small pink lips and a face to die for.
"Hey there, you must be the guy right? I'm Melissa by the way, nice to meet you!" I was completely blown away by the sound of her voice. It felt like my ears had an orgasm.
"Uh yeah, hi!" I shook her hand and she gave me a small smile when she sat down. She probably noticed me staring at her like a dork but I felt she's used to it. I doubt there is a man born from his mother that won't be enchanted by her.
"How long have you been a photographer?" she asked.
"Only a short while. I've taken a few classes and I'm trying to gather experience that's why my services will be completely free." I said.
"That's great. I love the initiative!" She looked happy. "So let me tell you what it looks like on my part. I post nudes online but I also do it for free. I have somewhat of a following and they send me requests and things they'd like to see from me. Sometimes I get generous donations but I'm not in it for the money. Something about people from all across the world getting off to me makes me feel special."
"That sounds really interesting. So I'll only be taking stills of you?" I was giddy.
"Oh no, I almost forgot to mention that I have a few friends with benefits. I'm not a single guy type of gal. I have a few guys on rotation. But they are totally comfortable with being filmed. They usually hold the camera but we wanted to try other positions and having a pro cameraman is just a big upgrade." She winked at me.
"Alright. I'm totally cool with it." I felt a little disappointed but it was what I volunteered for. "When will you be needing my services?"
"Well as a matter or fact." Her phone buzzed, she got a message. "One of my studs Rob is really horny and wants to hook up like right now. Are you ready to come to my place? It's just down the street."
"Lead the way." I was excited and lucky enough to have brought my camera along with me.
We got to her place shortly after. It was a small tidy apartment. While I was taking my camera out I heard something behind me and when I turned around my jaw dropped. Melissa had stripped naked, she was the epitome of perfection. Her porcelain skin did not have a single flaw. Her flat stomach made her breasts look very perky and proportionate. Her small waist and shoulders made her ass look huge even though it was just the ratio.
"I don't like wearing clothes at home haha. Let's see how good of a picture you can take while we wait for my friend." Mel was standing in the middle of the living room butt ass naked and effortlessly making me fall in love with her body.
"Sure thing. What would you like me to shoot at?" I was so taken back by how beautiful she is.
"A close up of my pussy is something I'd like to start with." She said with an innocent smile on her face.
I went down on one knee and focused the lens of her pussy while she slightly spread her legs for me looking down. God it was such a rush. Her cunt looked delicious, she had pushed out light pink pussy lips surrounded by tender smooth pale skin. She had a puffy but very well trimmed bush, her vagina was absolutely adorable. I caught a perfect angle as the sunlight was just right and the photo was amazing.
"Let me see!" I gave her the camera so she could inspect my work. "Oh my, that looks good, don't you think?" She had her voice in a higher pitch which made it even more irresistible.
"I don't think you can take a bad photo even if you tried." I could feel myself blushing.
"Awww, you're sweet. Are you into feet? I get a lot of requests about feet pics." She giggled.
"I'm not a foot guy but I'll gladly take any shots you need. It's my job." I was trying really hard to seem professional.
She sat on the floor and extended her feet while bending her knees slightly. Her toes were very cute and small and I took many shots from different angles.
"How about this?" She grabbed her legs and pulled them back holding them with one arm so her slit was on display sandwiched between her thick thighs and round buns. Her pussy looked so edible while her amazing asshole was on display under it. Her anus had a very light shade to it and it was very tight. I could tell she's an anal virgin.
"Oh my gosh." I said quietly.
"Haha, glad you like it. I hope you don't get too carried away." She hinted that it was obvious how turned on I was.
"I-I think we should take some photos of your breasts, I mean because it's-" I was starting to get nervous and I could feel my erection building.
"That was my next move anyways haha. Get nice and close. Do a close up of me playing with them. Does that thing record?" She asked tilting her head.
"Uhm yeah, the quality isin't as good as the single shots but it works." I switched to video mode.
She started to play with her angelic breasts. She gently pinched the nipples and pulled them, circling them with the tip of her finger. Her nips got erect very fast and just looked amazing. When I zoomed out just a little to get a bigger shot that's where I saw her best feature. Her smile, the shot had her perfect breasts on display with her chin, lips and bottom half of the nose visible. I'm seeing her completely naked up close and personal and in that moment the most beautiful thing she had to offer was her smile, it's so magical.
Just as I was done worshiping her breasts with my eyes while hiding behind the camera there was a knock on the door.
"That's him. I'll go get him!" Melissa jumped in excitement and rushed to the door. Her athletic body looked so adorable as her long red hair shifted shape with her movement.
"So this is Rob, one of my friends, he knows all about you." Melissa said as Rob walked in. He was over 6ft tall with dark hair. Tall dark and handsome type with a strong fuckboy vibe.
"Hey man what's up." Rob gave me a small nod and a look and immediately took his shirt off as Melissa was taking off his pants. They weren't wasting any time to get it on.
"Come closer, I want you to record his member whipped out." She gave instructions.
I took a step closer and bent over a little to get the camera on the same line of sight as Rob's groin. His pants got dragged down and his obscenely large cock bounced around with his head almost between his kneecaps. He wasn't even fully hard yet.
"Mmmmm, just look at that cock. Look how thick it is." Melissa reached down and started massage stroking Rob's manhood in front of my camera. Her small hand and skinny fingers made his log look even bigger.
I watched how the stellar cock started rising and swelling. Despite his thickness his length was so impressive. As his pole rose I could get a better shot at his large smoothly shaved balls. They hung low complementing his thick cut cock.
"Rob put your hands behind your back and let the man do his job." Melissa then walked away and sat on the couch crossing her legs. "I need some quality shots of that erection."
I had to take stills of Rob's horse cock and even though it's what I singed up for I felt kind of used. Maybe if was just me but I felt like I was being used and led on by a girl way out of my league to show off her hung flesh dildo. But I was too deep in now and just went with it. I took pictures of Rob's massive cock from underneath as well as above. When I was under him his girth looked intimidating with his heavy nutsack in the shot. But from above he looked so long and his veins were so prominently sticking out. He was so horny for Melissa and I could understand why. Her body is erection forcing.
"Film me playing with him for a bit then we can move on to the main event." Melissa walked back over leaning on Rob and put both her hands to use on his slab of man meat. She flaunted it around in front of me, pulled it down and let it bounce back up, with each repetition his head pointed higher upward, she grabbed the base and slapped his thick snake on her tiny palm. It made thudding and thwacking noises as I was trying to focus the shot.
"Do you think he looks better from below or above?" Melissa asked looking down on me with her hand still wrapped around his thick cock, her fingers never could touch due to his girth.
"Um...I guess below?" The question caught me off guard.
"Don't think of it in a sexual sense, just from the aesthetic and visual stand point from which angle do you think his cock look best?" She was rapidly stroking him now but with a light grip.
"I feel like the bottom because he looks insanely thick and his balls are very round and hang low." I felt kinda awkward but I was being honest.
"Mmmm, good interpretation." She tugged on his double beer can sized cock a few times with a very strong grip and a glob of pre-cum popped out of the head. She then forcefully shook his cock and let it go making a droplet spurt on my lens.
"Oh sorry about that. Just use your shirt haha, a little cum never hurt anybody." She said looking down on me with a smile.
I was contemplating to protest but my hand moved on my own and quickly cleaned the lens with my shirt just as she suggested. It was as if my body was obeying her. And the glimmer in her eye when I did made me feel uneasy.
"I usually like to get my toys wet," she glided her hand on Rob's long dick "but having someone watch me play with a big cock got me so wet that we'll skip that."
"Aww, too bad." Rob turned to me. "She's great at worshiping me on her knees!"
"Haha, why thank you! I'd like to think I do a good job, but to be fair I worship your cock-not you!" Melissa scolded her pet stud. The power dynamic was starting to show.
"Would you like to watch me worship a huge cock sometime?" Melissa looked down on me with a light frown. The way her facial expressions changed my heartbeat send shivers down my spine.
"I'll record whatever you want me to." I replied in a trance like state.
"Good boy." She giggled.
"Since you prefer the undershot of his penis I think you should just stay there on your knees where you belong and record him fucking me from that angle." She rubbed her pussy while talking down to me. "Oh and before I forget, Rob here has a tendency to make his balls swing when he fucks. The weight and size combined with his powerful thrusts makes them swing so much. I want you to focus on that, focus on his scrotum slapping up against me." She was weighing Rob's balls with her hand and still looking down at me.
I was on my knees looking up at both of them with my jaw slightly agape. Rob's cock was so thick and Melissa drove my hormones in a frenzy with her sexiness. I held the camera firmly and watched Rob step closed to me and bring his ballsack over my forehead while picking Melissa up like a feather. She was so small and slender, I doubt she weighed over 100lbs.
His cock stuck out and his girth hid Melissa's slit, she had her legs spread and had her arm wrapped around Rob's neck. He was holding her soft thighs with his big hands, her skin was so tender that I could see his fingers sink into her flesh, her body was divine to the touch.
"Put his cock inside of me, then he can start." I froze at Melissa's order.
"Don't worry man, I'm cool with it, my hands are preoccupied so I need somebody to put it in." Rob spoke as I saw his balls contract.
"Go on! If you don't put his cock inside me then you won't have any material to record. How else can you witness his balls bounce as he stuffs me hmmm?" Her voice was high pitch and cute to a point where my body obeyed.
Without thinking I grabbed his member and felt his warm sturdy tool in my hand. He was so thick that even I couldn't wrap my hand around it. I pushed his swollen head up against Melissa's soggy pussy and it got devoured as if her vagina had a will of it's own. I quickly pulled back my hand and stared in awe as Rob lowered Mel on his stellar cock.
"Mmmmm, it feel so good when you slide it inside of me." Melissa's voice was incredibly sexy when her pussy was in action. "How's the recording down there going?" She let out a laugh as Rob was using her as a fleshlight in front of my face.
I snapped back into reality and started recording the action again. I had no idea what I have gotten myself into. I felt like there was more to Melissa than just a young and beautiful girl who is a little kinky. I felt as if she had her way with me.
"Are his balls swinging yet?" She asked me in between her soft moans.
"Not yet." I was realising the position I was in.
"Ooooh, I like that you're paying close attention to his nuts while he's stuffing my pussy." Her dirty talking was sending me in a frenzy. Good thing I was on my knees because I don't think my legs would hold me being as turned on as I was.
"Oh fuck you're so wet, wetter than usual." Rob stated while slowly picking up the pace.
"It's because I'm being watched. Mmmm, I mean recorded haha." Mel was enjoying herself.
Rob's cock was digging into her above my face and his balls started to swing back and forth just like she said. Her perfect pussy lips were being pulled in and out of her hole as they gripped a cock not suited for such a small girl. I noticed small droplets of juice fly around after each time his balls smacked up against her. She was dripping wet and drenching his seed holders in a matter of moments.
After a few minutes of demonstrating his staying power Rob decided it was time he showed me why Melissa chose him as a stud. He folded her small body in half and fucked her in a standing doggy style with her feet not touching the ground and her pretty blue eyes hovering over me. That's called a full Nelson and it was complemented by Melissa screaming "YES DADDY!" which was the sexist sound I have heard in my life. For some reason I was also extremely jealous. Deep in the back of my mind I wish I could make her call me daddy but she was light-years out of my league.
After it was clearly obvious that the petite redhead had an intense orgasm Rob let her off his cock and gently placed her of the ground. Instead of recovering from getting manhandled and fucked mid-air she grabbed the thickest cock in the room by a long shot and pointed her finger to the corner looking down at me "I want you to get in the corner and stay down." The way she spoke to me felt degrading, I don't know to this moment why my cock started pulsing and I almost came after she ordered me around like her dog.
I scurried to the corner on all fours and she followed me monster cock in hand and as soon as I was in position she spread her legs and placed her heavenly pink pussy over my face again and said "Ooooh Daddy, I want you to fuck me till you cum. I need your cum inside of me Daddy."
Rob didn't need telling twice. He got behind his fucktoy and slid his dick into her. The way he fucked her made me feel insecure about myself because I can't do the same to this stunning redhead, I can't make her pussy drench and make her moan loader and louder just by plunging my mediocre sized penis inside of her. I didn't have the impressive tool between my legs like Rob did which he used to savagely fuck Melissa on top of me.
They say size doesn't matter but being about an inch from a smoking hot sex session and recording a studs large scrotum slap up against a little angles swollen clit giving her multiple orgasms is hard evidence to deny.
Rob didn't let up. He grabbed her hips and Mel leaned with her hands on the wall for support. If I was not an inch away from her gushing cunt I would have thought she was crying and in pain but due to her moisture it was obvious she was thoroughly enjoying her organs get re-arranged.
"Yes, mmmmmm yes!! FUCK ME HARD DADDY!!...uh, yes, oohh fuck yesssss!" Her last orgasm was the pinnacle of the spectacle as Rob slammed his cock inside of her and kept it there. My lens was focusing on his balls contracting. He was filling up Melissa's unprotected pussy with all of his cum.
He slowly pulled put of her and I got a shot of his soaked monster slowly deflate. By far the biggest cock I came across at that point in my life and I watched it destroy a beautiful young girl up close and personal.
The shot got blurred and suddenly I couldn't see anything from behind the camera. I realised that his sticky cum was oozing out of Melissa, it was dripping right on top of me and my camera and she didn't move. She kept me trapped between her soft thighs as hot cum was dripping out of her drop after drop.
After what seemed to be a flood of cum she took a step back and I got up to find myself covered in another mans juice. I was disguised but not for a moment did I feel any anger towards Melissa. I quickly developed a soft spot for her.
"Mmmmmm, I'm sorry about that. It looks like you got a little dirty haha." She was obviously poking fun at me.
"Rob, would you get some paper towels for the camera boy here?...Rob?" Just when Mel was looking for him the front door slammed. He left right after he was done and took his clothes with him.
"Ugh, I hate it when this happens. These guys never stay and cuddle. Honestly if their dick game wasn't amazing I'd never want to see them again." Melissa was very upset that Rob left right after he used her like a pocked pussy for his pleasure. And judging by her reaction this happens often.
"Listen, I'm tired and the shoot was great. Just send me the edited video and pictures that turned out good later okay? I need a shower." With that she went straight to the bathroom while cum was dripping from between her legs. The same cum I was coated in.
I packed up and was about to leave because I had to go home and clean up. I was so embarrassed now that the lust idol of her naked body was not in front of me. I felt used and dirty but also extremely horny. Jerking off was my number one priority and just before I left I did something I had never done before and grabbed Melissa's panties. I don't know what came over me but it was such a rush. I didn't even think about the consequences. I just wanted to get off to her and fantasize about her amazing sex life.