This (as obvious from the title) is the second part of the story. It's not full of a lot of sex action (except right at the beginning) but it sets up the 3rd part. I promise, our heroes will find more excitement than they were looking for.
For the second time that day they made love with hunger and passion, but this time was different.
Kenneth pushed her onto the bed and peeled her panties down her legs.
He pushed her up to the top of the bed and pulled her hands up over her head.
Taking his tie, the bound her wrists to the slats in the headboard.
He put his hands at her waist and slid them up, pushing her camisole as he went. Then he pulled it up until it was covering her face, acting like a blindfold, exposing her mouth.
Grabbing his cell phone, he snapped a couple of quick pictures.
Barbara was always self conscious about her small breasts so Kenneth didn't usually focus too much attention to them. Not tonight though.
He mauled them, his hand completely encasing them as he squeezed and pulled on them
He bit and sucked on her erect nipples, pulling on them with his teeth until she gasped in pleasure/pain.
He snapped a few more pictures.
He stood and finished undressing, the whole time talking to her about how hot she looked flashing her panties and tits at the truck driver.
Normally he didn't use words like "tits". They didn't use clinical terms when talking about body parts but "boobs" was about as risqué as they got.
It was always butt, not ass. Penis or dick but never cock and forget calling her vagina a cunt. It was "down there" or if she wanted to talk dirty, "pussy" but that was a special occasion (birthdays and anniversary) word, not something for everyday use.
Him talking about her "tits' though, excited her, made her feel naughty and excited.
Climbing back onto the bed, he slid up between her legs, kissing the inside of her thighs as he went.
Oral sex wasn't an everyday occurrence in their sex life but tonight she wanted to feel his lips on her, his tongue inside of her.
Kenneth didn't disappoint. He gently kissed her around her pussy while occasionally flicking his tongue across her clit
He flattened out his tongue and for the first time since they'd known each other, slid two fingers inside of her.
She gasped. She was already on the edge but when he put his fingers in her at the same time he was sucking on her clitoris, it was like she stepped off into the abyss.
She came. She came hard!
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God! Take me, Please!" She pleaded.
He looked up from between her legs and said "Take you? I don't think so. I want you to say it. Tell me what you want"
"Please!" she begged 'Make love to me!"
"Nope. That's not it. Tell me what you really want".
"Fu-Fu-Fuck me! Please fuck me! I need you to fuck me like never before!"
In over ten years, he had never heard her utter the word "fuck". It made his dick even harder.
He worked his way up her body until his cock was right at her entrance. "Say Pussy. Say fuck my pussy!" He rasped into her ear.
"Fuck my pussy! Fuck my pussy with your hard cock!"
That was all he needed. He slid his cock into her at the same time he kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth.
She came again, not even noticing the taste of herself on his tongue and lips.
When he finished, he collapsed on top of her.
She eventually got enough control of her breathing to ask him to untie her wrists.
He said ok but took a couple more pictures of her before he pulled her camisole down under her chin.
He was straddling her midsection when she looked up and saw him with his phone in his hand.
"What are you doing with that" she asked.
He held it up and took another picture of her laying there but this one showed her face.
"Oh My God! Stop! No more pictures! What if someone sees them?"
"Don't worry" he told her has he reached up to untie her wrists from the headboard "We'll delete them in the morning after we look at them. I was a little too occupied to enjoy the view."
Kenneth got up, went to the bathroom, turned on the water and let it run until it got warm. He then got a washcloth. soaked it in the warm water and took it back to the bedroom where he gently wiped down her sweaty body.
She took the washcloth from his hands and pressed it between her legs.
"You'd better let me do that or we'll just end up getting sweaty again" she said with a grin.
He took the cloth back to the bathroom and rinsed it out. When he returned to the bedroom she was on her side, sound asleep.
He covered her with the comforter and crawled in next to her. He was asleep in seconds but had wonderful dreams.
That's how it went for a while.
3 or 4 times a month based on their schedules they'd take a ride, usually a couple of counties away. Barbara would flash her panties and wear a low cut top.
She even went to the mall and picked up a couple of push-up bras. She didn't have enough to show actual "cleavage" but in the right top, she could at least show the top of her breasts if she bent down or wore a deep enough V-neck shirt.
Each time, the last thing she did before they called it quits for the night was flash her tits at a trucker.
Then they'd go home and have passionate sex.
After a couple of months, Kenneth started hearing stories through the rumor mill that the truckers were talking about a mystery flasher.
The next time he was visiting his parents, he went out to garage and dug around until he found the old CB radio that his father had.
It was a base unit from back when CB radios were all the rage (way before cell phones)
After rigging up an antenna they were able to listen when they got home from one of their adventures and hear what the truckers were saying.
With modern technology available, not many of the over the road drivers were using CB's anymore but there were some and sure enough, they were talking.
They gave her, her own handle "The 126 Flasher". Exit 126 on the interstate being the one they always pulled off on after flashing.
Barbara found it exciting that these strange men were talking about her
One night, Kenneth came out of the bathroom and caught her talking to one of the drivers on the CB.
"How do I know it was you I saw last week?" The driver asked "You could be someone pretending"
She gave a general description of herself (auburn hair, small chested) the color of the car and approximately what time it happened.
Kenneth rushed over and took the mic from her. "You have to be carful Honey! I seem to remember my dad saying that the authorities could track the signals of these things. We can listen but let me check before you talk on it again."
The next week he bought a new smart phone, one commonly referred to as a "Throw Away" and told her that he'd found an app on-line that let you use your phone like a CB radio.
"We can take it with us when we go out. You can talk to the truck drivers passing through the area. Talk dirty to them if you want."
Things were going great for the next couple of months. They'd head out onto the interstate sometimes traveling 75 miles or more. Stopping at gas stations (whether they needed gas or not) or going through fast food restaurants drive-through windows.
They always made sure not to return to the same place too often so as to not attract the attention of local authorities.
One night he laid out an outfit for her.
It was a black button down blouse, push up bra, and white panties. The last item was a black skirt that was so short it barely came to mid-thigh.
"What's all this?" She asked.
"Well, I figured the white panties would contrast nicely against the black skirt and would be easier to see in a bar."
"A bar?"
"Yeah. It's getting to be late fall and a little too cool to be driving around in a convertible with the top down. I was thinking we could find a bar somewhere and you could sit in one of those high bar stools and maybe some of the guys might catch a peek up your skirt."
"And the top?"
"Oh! That's simple, put it on and I'll show you."
She slipped out of her t-shirt and put on the push-up bra and blouse.
He reached over and unbuttoned it until it was right at the spot were the band on the bra that connected the two cups would be.
"Now lean over like you're shooting pool or talking to someone who's sitting at a table."
She leaned over and put her elbows on the bed and he went around to the other side and took a couple of pictures.
When he showed them to her, she could clearly see down the front of the blouse to her bra which was displaying the tops of her apple sized breasts.
"I don't know why any guy would want to look down my shirt" she said "It's not like there's much to see."
"Don't fool yourself sweetie, guys like to see tits. Big, small. It doesn't matter. If they're tits they're not supposed to be seeing it's even better."
The next few months were very exciting for them.
They'd find different bars to go to. Usually big clubs with high tech sound systems and lit dance floors. Occasionally they might hit a chain sports bar, usually found in strip malls or in mall parking lots.
The articles of clothing varied but the style was pretty consistent. Low cut tops and very short skirts.
She'd sit up on a high bar stool and face the dance floor giving anyone who happened to look from the right angle, a view of her panties.
Sometimes she'd "drop" something and bend over from the waist to pick it up.
That gave people a look up her skirt or down her top depending on where they were looking from.
If the bar had a pool table she'd play a few games which also offered unobstructed views of her assets.
Sometimes, if she'd had a couple of drinks she'd leave her bra at home and give the lookers a real show.
She didn't do it too often though. Lifting your shirt and showing your bare breasts in the relative safety of a car was different than flashing strange men up close and personal in a bar or club.
Spring was approaching and they were looking forward to again hitting the road and putting on their little show for the truckers.
One night they had been coming home from a particularly unsatisfying night at a club. Very few people out and the ones that were didn't seem to be paying attention to what was going on around them. Lots of tweeting and taking selfies left them unaware of the woman flashing her panties at the bar.
They headed home but because it was still early decided to take the back roads home and enjoy the ride.
Everything changed when they came to a small bar at an intersection out in the middle of nowhere.
Cinderblock walls, no windows and a gavel parking lot with a single light up on a telephone pole.
There were a couple of cars and motorcycles and few pick-up trucks.
Kenneth looked over at Barbara and asked her if she wanted to stop for a night cap and see if they couldn't salvage at least part of their night out.
"This place looks a little seedy but sure, I'm up for some 'slumming' if you are" she said with a devilish grin.
As they approached, another couple stepped out and the sound of some classic rock music came blaring out of the door.
They entered and were instantly hit with heavy smoke, some of it maybe not of the legal variety.
Kevin grabbed her by the elbow and steered her towards the bar. The bartender, a tall redhead in cut-off jean shorts and a Harley Davidson t-shirt looked up from the other end and slowly approached them.
She did a quick wipe with a dish rag and asked them if she could help them.
Kevin said that they were just passing by and thought they'd stop in for a drink.
"Fine. What'll you have?"
"Oh! I'd like a cosmo..." Barbara started
"We have beer, whiskey, tequila and vodka. None of that candy flavored crap either." The bartender said gruffly.
Kevin ordered a beer for himself and a vodka on the rocks for her.
The bartender rolled her eyes in boredom and went back down the bar to fill their order.
She came back, set their drinks down (no coasters) and returned to her perch at the other end.
Barbara noticed the jukebox over in the corner and went to check it out.
She couldn't believe that it still had 45's in it and only took quarters (two songs per)
She bent over and started reading the song titles.
Now she knew why the equipment hadn't been updated. Every song on the list had to have been 30 years old. Many going back to the 60's.
She recognized some of the songs from when they would have the classic rock station on at the various businesses they frequented and of course, the ones that still get played at wedding receptions.
She realized that she had been cocking her hips side to side as she listened to the song being played. She could only imagine what it looked like as she bent over at the waist, in 5 inch stilettos, to read the names of the songs.
She returned to the bar and begged Kenneth for a dollar then asked the bartender for change for the jukebox.
Together they went back, dropped a couple of quarters in the slot and picked a handful of songs they recognized.
Then she did something bold.
There was a full table of people sitting not too far away. She noticed that they had been looking at her while she picked out her songs so she patted Kenneth on the arm, walked over, leaned over and asked them if anyone had any requests.
She knew that her low cut, loose fitting top fell away from her body enough to give an unobstructed view down the front, to her bra.
She caught the guy directly across from her looking.
They gave her a couple of letter/number combinations and she went back to Kenneth and punched in the songs.
Just then, a pocket door that they hadn't noticed before opened and a woman who looked enough like the bartender to be her sister walked out.
Behind her there was a room with a couple of pool tables.
The woman slid the door closed and went to the bar to place orders for the people playing pool.
Kevin asked the bartender if it was a private room or was it opened to anyone.
The bartender said it was open to anyone. They kept the door closed because sometimes the place got kind of loud when they were busy. Especially on weekends when they had a live band.
She added that some of the customers took their pool very seriously and didn't like the noise and distractions.
They entered the room and noticed there were two tables and a row of barstools along one wall. A few people sat in some of them, watching the play going on. There were some side bets placed as players called their shots.
Each table had some stacks of quarters on them and Barbara added her two remaining quarters to the table with the shortest row.
She and Kenneth found two empty barstools and watched the action until her glass was empty and he went to get another round.
As he walked back to the pool room, the second redhead, obviously a waitress stopped him and told him to be careful playing.
Looser had to pay twenty dollars and some of the players had been known to hustle unsuspecting newbies.
A couple of rounds later and Barbara was up.
She dropped her two quarters into the slot and pushed the plunger. The balls all fell into the ball return and her opponent, who had won the prior match racked them.
As the previous winner he had the option to break but offered it to her.
She took a cue stick off the wall, rolled the white ball back and forth a few times and picked her spot.
Leaning over, she made sure her opponent got a good look down her top and took her shot.
The balls scattered and two solids fell into pockets.
She sank one more and then missed on the next.
The was a small group forming as people gathered to check out the newbie (and the peep show she was putting on)
Her opponent dropped one ball with no effort but forgot to call his shot on the next one so he forfeited his turn.
Unfortunately, he left the cue ball almost dead center on the table and she had trouble lining up her shot.
She started to slide her hip up onto the edge of the table when someone told her that she had to keep one foot on the floor.
With one foot remaining firmly on the floor, she put one leg up on the table, leaned over and tried to line up her shot. She could feel her skirt ride up over her hips, revealing her thin white panties. Looking down, she could see down the front of her shirt all the way to the waist at the top of her skirt.
She had never felt so exposed before and she was having second thoughts about things.
She also realized she had never felt this excited before either.
She sank her next shot but just couldn't find a good angle for the next one and missed.
Her opponent took the next shot and missed on what Barbara thought should have been an easy one.
She noticed everyone trying to gain a good position to watch her from either the front or back and figured he was letting her win just so she'd keep playing.
There wasn't any need for more climbing up on the table but she did give a few good poses, wiggling her butt just as she was taking a shot. Leaning over more than was necessary.
It wasn't long before she sank the eight ball and won the match.
"Good job little lady!" Her opponent said as he handed her a twenty. "I guess I was just off my game."
Barbara went over to where Kenneth was holding her drink, slammed it back and said "This is so much fun!"
Then she heard the sound of the coin plunger being pushed in and the balls dropping.
She turned around and saw a big blond woman racking the balls.
Not big as in heavy but big as in went to the gym everyday and put some effort into it.
She was wearing jeans that looked painted on and a leather vest over a black sports bra.
"Your break" she said to Barbara.
Barbara turned to Kenneth and told him to go get her another round. He said he'd be right back and left to go to the bar.
She lined up her shot and the balls broke with a loud "clack" and scattered beautifully.
Unfortunately, not a single one of them fell into a pocket.
The blond amazon called her first shot and when the cue ball hit the target it sounded like a small rifle being fired.
The target ball sank in the corner pocket and suddenly, Barbara was nervous.
At the bar, Kenneth saw the two redheads talking.
He ordered another round and the one working the floor informed him that they were about to make last call and if he needed to use the john, this would be a good time as there was usually a line at closing time.
He said that was a good idea and they pointed him down the hall to the bathrooms.
He entered and was just finishing up at the urinal when he heard the door open behind him.
"Gimme a second." He said. "I'm just finishing up here".
"No hurry" he heard a woman say. When he whipped his head around he saw it was the waitress standing with her back against the door. She had a very scary looking knife in one hand a a pair of hand cuffs in the other. "You're not going anywhere for a while".
Back in the pool room, Barbara looked on in dismay and shock as the blond woman ran the table in less than four minutes. She made it look easy and never even came close to missing a shot.
She stood erect after sinking the eight ball and handed her cue stick to the man who had just lost the previous game and said to him "You're pathetic! Letting her win just so you could look at her ass a little longer."
Then she turned to Barbara with her hand out. "You owe me twenty bucks" was all she said as she approached.
"Wow!" Barbara said. "That was amazing! Here's your money. Just as soon as my husband gets back, we'll finish our drinks and go. It's been fun. Really!"
"I don't think so," the red headed bartender said as she entered and closed the sliding pocket door closed. "You're husband is occupied right now but don't worry. He's fine... for now."