The journey from the airport had its ups and down with long road blocks but as we rode up the winding hill road, traffic got thin.
My old flame Divya has been in touch and pressed me hard to be present in 3 days of reunion with selected close collage friends. But few important reports were still pending and I was feeling really helpless when she called whenever she wanted and disturbed my concentration, leading to further delays and anxieties.
We have not met for long and hearing her husky voice made me feel tingling with raging old passions. She told me a lot about her large ancestral property in idyllic hills with cool salubrious air and stunning mountain scenery far away from the maddening crowd and hard pressed modern city life. Her great grand father had built the Villa in hills for his frequent sexual escapades along with legendary reputation for debauched life and having wild orgies in his large house in hills.
I was supposed to be arriving earlier than others and surely she must have planned diligently to revive the old fire along with her raging lust. But knowing her unpredictability and ability to play a fast one on me, I might even be the the last one to be welcomed.
Old memories had immediate hot effect on my hungry dick and it sprang up as my mind went back to various steamy scenes of wild and raunchy sex we used to have.
"Darling, I have planned just every thing for my dear guests, they are gonna have best time of their life...be sure about it.. and if you don't show your fucking ass..it will be your loss only." Divya has whispered in her husky voice over phone, " and if that happens, be sure your career will be fucked up like you can never imagine."
Being the younger sister of my boss- the ruthless owner of a large financial behemoth , I knew she was indeed capable of ruining my career for good. She would never ever do any thing to harm me, but loved boasting her much higher status and capability to be lovingly supportive or destructive.
"And Radha will be there too...and I know how you used to lust after her ass." Her luscious bait had a deep effect on me, forcing me to immediately fall in line, but I lied, touching my hard dick.
"Darling, meeting you after so long and fucking you deep is good enough a reason and you don't have to lure me by any other goodies, so don't try to be smart, you cock sucking bitch..."
"You, fucking liar , don't dare gimme me this sweet nothing shit..I still remember how many times you actually though of fucking Radha with your dick in my cunt and mouth...and shot your juice grunting her name...dirty dog...just shut the fuck up...bastard.." Divya had laughed to ridicule my attempt to placate her ego.
Sensing the change in speed of car I come back to the present.
The tall and good looking driver Arun slowed down and stopped at a narrow grassy space at left side of the winding road. My mind wondered if this tall hunk has been chosen to drive her guests with some ulterior lustful motives along with some spicy role in the three days long reunion.
I also remembered and lovingly went over Divya sharing her single lesbian encounter with a plain looking Radha, who only chose to wear baggy long skirts and pajamas to hide her devastating feminine shape. She was supposed to be totally asexual creature, a rare species who never wore any make up and stayed away from parties.
"I know you are surprised about Radha eating my well fucked up cunt...but it happened by chance... we are sleeping in bed together and I was aroused and decided to finger.. she woke up my loud pleasure moans and saw me nude and fingering shamelessly...with out saying a word..her hand was kneading my boobs...and every thing happened..but the stupid bitch avoided me completely after that wonderful experience...what a waste...she was so hot...last year I met her in Canada....her son has a huge curved dick....we both chance upon seeing him jerk off...the way she looked fascinated..I know must have been fantasizing been about her son..as she doesn't fuck around and her hubby on gets hard seeing lots of money...and I am going to push her break her fucking taboos.. "
Radha never encouraged or rather contemptuously rejected my umpteen attempts to get friendly with her Some how her oval face, large eyes and pouting Angelina Jolie lips-made my heart racing with with out traces of any make up or even lip stick.
"Sir, I will take only a minute." His handsome high cheek boned face gave a thin smile, opened the door and walked cautiously away from car and disappeared behind cover of roadside trees and thick foliage. My mind was getting lost in hot memories of feeling hungry lips and tongue of Divya sucking my hard dick and bloated balls. Using the short spell of privacy, I closed eyes and caressed my hard dick, over thick cloth of jeans..
I was getting under an erotic spell, speculating wildly about what lay ahead in the day.
How it will feel my dick getting sucked again after so long by ravenously lusty Divya and ordering me to unload my boiling semen on her face!
Will I be able to at last, fuck Radha?
"Gimme a shoot now...bastard....spray on my nose and lips......ahhhhhh..hmmmm..ohh yeah baby......uuummmm....gosh it smells so fucking hot and nice.."
She loved seeing me masturbating and giving her a facial, licking the blobs of cum and smelling hard gave her deep pleasures. Meanwhile, I could feel long strings of juice escaping my imprisoned dick and gathering, wetting by balls and thin underwear,
I felt an immediate urge to masturbate and release my stiffness, being aware sure it will get back in hard shape on first glimpse of my waiting lusty hostess.
Suddenly I realized it was a while Arun has been out to pee and looked at wrist watch, but could not gather how long he has been away. I decided to investigate and got out of the car.
Cool and misty mountain air enveloped me along with shock of chill. I looked around and carefully followed the slippery stones and patches of wet road side grass, towards the way, I had seen Arun disappear.
There was a wide opening in thick foliage and tree branches. Moving cautiously to avoid soiling my dress from wet, dust and shoot laden leaves. Suddenly I could faintly hear female voices- talking and giggling. Going little deeper in the narrow tunnel of the thick foliage, I come across an amazingly erotic sight.
Five females sat with Sarees and petticoats lifted and held over their shoulders, exposing their nude backs and of pear shaped butts. Being high up and sitting of the edge of a flat rock, opening of luscious ass cracks were exposed to my hungry gaze. May be they were a nearby village, busy gossiping while doing their afternoon ablutions after feeding naughty kids and senile elders.
I heard a distinctive sound of female pissing as one of the lady started to pee over the rock edge. Her dark asshole and hairy cunt lips were clearly visible. May be it was their favorite group pissing and gossiping spot.
Like most hill females their backs and butts were fair and rosy but shapes and ages varied from thin and small to mature flare up of heavy female butts. I could guess, one about 18 or 19 year thin girl, two young women about 30 plus ladies and two mature 40 plus elder females sitting on an edge in a row with some spaces in-between their exposed butts.
They were perhaps from one large family or even from different families. But these were not the important issues for me to ponder over, as I felt my dick getting stone hard and pulsating wildly for a release.
While one piss stream ebbed to trickles, there come a noisy, gurgling flow from another cunt, gushing down over the jagged rock surface.
But I still wondered, where the hell was the driver Arun, and cautiously moved ahead and looked around to stay hidden from his vision to possibly safely jerk off, watching amazingly lovely nude row of butts.
Avoiding a nasty fall down the unknown depth of road side ditch was another immediate concern for me. A few careful steps brought me closer to the hot sight of females butts, assholes and lower part of hairy cunt lips. Arun was hiding behind a wide tree trunk, about few meters to left, also busy watching ladies private parts and silently rubbing his bloated front. I could see he had a large sized dick behind his unzipped pants.
Faint smell of urine hit my nose as another lady started pissing with a whooshing sound. I felt immediate need to take my hard dick out and masturbate, while giving a careful look towards the hard bodied handsome driver to safely watch and stay hidden from his sight line.
The ladies oblivious to us, the twin voyeurs, were continuously talking, giggling and laughing as they heard each other piss and fart.
Slowly Arun unzipped his pants and put his right hand in and seem to gather some real well hung dick. I looked fascinated as a thick black hose pipe got revealed, held in the dark wide palm. The wide male butt pushed air repeatedly, as he pumped and shook the black monster.
I was suddenly stung by hearing an increasing sound of a lady moaning with grunted pleasure cries.
"Kya hua Chachi...dard ho raha hai kya..?" (What happened auntie..are you in pain?) A girlish voice asked giggling.
"Chup kar Chori...tera Chacha ne bas gussaya aur sala so gaya raat ko..bas abhi mauka mila hai muche jharne ka.."(Shut up girl..your uncle just pushed his dick in and idiot went to sleep...and only now I got chance to release my juices.)
Peals of laughter's emanated from the row of pissing ladies and I realized how freely and openly they were sharing their sexual lives and desires.
"Bhabhi.....tu chudi raat ko theek se ya nahin.." (Sister in law, did you get a good fucking last night?)
"Arre raat ki baat gayee gadi ki oo main...teri awaz sun kar meri bhi choot geelee ho gayee ab to....ahhhhh....uuuiii maaa...".( Lets forget whatever happened last night..let it rest in a mare's cunt..now I am aroused and my cunt is wet hearing your pleasure cries...ahhhhhhh.....uuiii maaa..) Another lust full female voice left nothing to imagination that she too was fingering.
"Baqi ab...sapne kaan aur aankhen band kar lo ab ...aur dono behnon to unglee ka maza lene do.."(Others must now close your ears and eyes and let us, two sisters enjoy our masturbation's.)
Gosh, I could never imagine that these rustic village women could be so openly raunchy and shameless about sex, fucking and masturbation.
As a teenager I did participate in group masturbation sessions watching a porn but was never fascinated by seeing other male pump his tool. But the sight of females on sitting on hunches-exposing their nude butts and Arun pumping his huge dick made a vast erotic difference.
Arun had his eyes feasting on row of female flesh and slowly pumped his monstrous dick to rock hard glory, getting huge pair of bloated balls out. My eager hands unzipped jeans, released the dick from pain-full imprisonment and felt a thick string of juice falling down on my shoe, and getting back to remembering my erotic encounters with Divya.
"Oh...what a waste...only if, these ladies would just get up and come down to suck these two hard dick...my seven inch long and over ten inch long thick one of Arun..!
My lust filled mind wondered and fantasized wildly.
"Hmmmm....Oh yeah...harder you fucking dog......ahhhhhh....yess....more....ummm...beat my cunt hard....oh gosh ...yes.....oh yeas....good baby....now don't you dare stop.....ahhhhh.. now...thumb my ass....oh....ahhhhh.!"
My mind wet back to one wild fucking with Divya hunched on her fours, raising and pumping her hot ass back on wet slippery dick...as my right thumb slowly rubbed her hotly rimmed and puckered asshole.
I turned and saw Arun aimed his dick at the nearby tree trunk and started to pee slowly..shaking his dick. I gathered some spit in my palm and massage on my dick head, slowly pumping it.
I started to fantasize about these masturbating ladies joining me and Arun.
The girl suddenly turned, saw us, gave a muffled shriek and got up holding her cloth still up, as her young cunt and supple thighs were now visible to me and Arun. Other ladies quickly rose and looked down at us-two men still masturbating shamelessly. They still held Saree's and petticoats up, showing their bushy cunts, butts and thighs to our lusty male gaze. They were silent for some time and then two ladies whispered some thing and signaled others to be silent and looked at us enjoying the sight of two shameless male caught masturbating, lost in seeing their exposed private parts and still pumping, I instinctively signaled the shocked teenager girl to come down.
But she hesitated and looked at elders. One lady with large body seemed to like the twin masturbatory spectacle, as she sheepishly smiled and signaled her to go ahead and started to rub her cunt. May be she was the one of two who were happily fingering their cunts.
The fascinated girl carefully started to move down the ragged slop of the bushy ditch but her eyes were now fixed on the monstrous dick of Arun, who was nearer to her, than me
The bastard had the temerity to turn and gave me a mocking smile, as if silently boasting about the power and attraction of his huge hose like dick.
A bolt of jealously shot through me, why the hell Divya has chosen this driver with monstrous dick?
Knowing her, she must have been fucking this rascal Arun to her hearts content! I never had any problem with that, since Divya seemed to have fucked most men who come in contact with her, provided she liked some about the man to set her on fire. Or she would not even give a second look to the most handsome man around, if she didn't feel aroused in some way.
But in spite of jealously I was still enjoying the sight, lost in a chance erotic encounter of pissing and masturbating rustic ladies, now not averse to explore more.
What it only my wild imagination or happening in reality?
Arun moaned aloud and unbuckled his pants as the girl moved near with lustful face. He cupped his sack of balls in one and and with other hand shook the long length of dick with a huge bulbous head. She knelt down and opened her mouth.
Arun turned to smile at me, turned back to aim and slowly pushed the bulbous dick head in her small mouth. I closed my eyes and pumped slowly, strangely enjoying sight of my lowly competitor with huge dick getting an eager head.
Long back I had similar pangs of deeply disturbing jealously, seeing Divya sucking another dick. Even at time I was very angry with her and the other dick and yet strangely, enjoyed and jerked off, seeing her giving head.
"Ahhhh....haan aur jor se choose sali kutia ..(Ahhh...yeah.. suck me harder you bitch)"
I heard the lust soaked voice of Arun.
I kept pumping with focused urgency and heard growing commotion near by. The other four ladies have now joined the girl and were on their knees, waiting for their turn to suck the thick hose like dick of Arun, who again turned and smiled to boast his higher sexual status with a long dick. And the group of hungry and excited ladies fought with each others like school girls to suck the mouth filling large bulbous dick head.
" Sali bas kar...ab mujhe de na..Bhabhi" (Sister in Law, you have had enough, let me suck now.)
"Hai re...kitna mota lund hai iska..." (Oh...he has such a thick dick.)
"Hmmmm...le na mere sath choose le na..." ( Hmmm....come dear , lets suck together now..)
"Hai re...arre suno....ho gaya lund choosna....chudwa lo ek ek kar ke...nahin to sala paani chod dega.." (Enough of sucking girls, lets get fucked one by one...or the bastard will cum..)
Taking the cue, one of elder lady quickly took her Saree off, spread on a near by slanted rock, carefully rested her wide-round nude butt and opened her shaking fleshy thighs.
Aaa Ja raja....gussa de tera lund jorr se....itna mota aur lamba kabhi nahin liya...aaa sale kutte..(Come dear..push your dick in my hole....I have never been fucked by such a long and thick dick..be fast bastard.)
She moaned aloud and waited in excited anticipations. Arun moved fast holding his pants by one hand and got between inviting shaky legs, as another lady took his dick, pumped it hungrily and put on the waiting open hairy cunt. I could see his wide muscled butt and powerful thighs. The lady on rock cried and gasped for air...as the thick dick was pushed in with one hard stroke.
"Ohhh...meri maa....mar gayi re aaj to..kitna maza..itna lumba lund...ahhh..Chod jor se " (Oh mother...I am dying today..its lovely..such a long dick...ahhh...fuck me hard..)
I increased my pumping, as another lady knelt behind Arun, started kneading and licking his huge bloated sack of balls, her hot ass exposed-her fingers rubbing her cunt fast.
"Ohhhh maaa......ahhhhh....hmmmmm....jarri main....ahhhh.." (Oh mom...ahhhh....hmmmm...I am cumming...ahhhh..)
The lady getting fucked shrieked as she started to cum and the lady licking the huge balls, moaned and licked the juices gushing, pumping shaft of the dick. Other impatient lady pulled the fucked lady up and cried a loud protest as another lady was too quick to take the vacant fucking space on the rock. The fucked lady crashed to ground. One by one all remaining mature ladies got fucked to exploding and noisy orgasms in quick succession.
The last turn was of the thin shivering girl, who was caught and pushed down on the rock by Arun like a weightless rag doll.
"Na...na...na....tera bahut bada lund hai sale...meri phatt jayegee re choti choot...ahhhhh....nahinnn..." (No...no...no...you are too big for me...please my small cunt will be torn bastard...ahhhhhhh...nooooo...)
But excited Arun was quick, held her down roughly and expertly started to push his dick through the small cunt hole... fucking slowly.
"Aree...chori..le le iske lund ka poora maza...sala phir nahin aayega..ruk mat...chodd de sali ko...." (Oh stupid girl... enjoy his huge dick...we wont get another opportunity...don't listen to her..just fuck her hard.) The elderly lady who got fucked first was getting up with great effort and encouraged the girl in shaken lusty voice.
"Thummp...aahhhh...thump..ahhh..thumpp..hmmm." Arun fucked hard with increasing pushes and pulls.
"Ohhhhhh..mmaaaaaaaa.....maarrrrreee...main...ahhhh...dheere...ahhhhh..sale..." (Ohhh...motherrrrr...he is killing me...ahhh...be gentle...bastard.)
All the four satisfied but lust filled excited ladies looked at the forcible fucking with half closed eyes, still in various stages of partial nudity...exposed hairy cunts....wide butt cheeks and boobs.
"Oh...dekh to sale hi mast gand...aur majboot jaanghen.." (Oh...god...look at the cute butt of bastard and powerful thighs.)
I got to a slower pace of jerking, feeling a deeply violent churning in my balls, waiting to see Arun cum deep in side the wildly moaning girl being fucked furiously.
With a very loud and wild pleasure cry, the girl seemed getting in to wonderful spasms of orgasm, may be her first really deep fuck.
(Sale....bas kar...ho gaya iska ab..aa gaya poora maza...sale iski choot main mat chorr apana ras...yeh Kunwari hai abhi.."
( Bastard...stop...she has peaked and enjoyed...now don't you dare shot your semen in side her cunt...she is still unmarried.)
One lady loudly pleaded, repeatedly slapping hard muscled butt of Arun,
"Ham shadishuda aurtaon ki baat alag hai re..agar tere mast lund ka beej pad bhi gaya to kya..achcha lagege na...tere jaisa hi ek aur mast chodu paida hoga no...." (With us married ladies its different...if we get pregnant by such a wonderful dick...we will be very happy to give birth to a great fucker like you.)
Arun grudgingly stopped and slowly pulled his long dick impelled deeply in the hot small cunt channel with an audible wet "gluppp" sound.
"Ohhh Maaa...." The girl moaned aloud from her saliva dripping open mouth.
He immediately turned toward ladies and stared to masturbate noisily with fist fucking motion of butt..the dripping wet dick smeared in juices of five cunts was glistening.
"Pluch....pluch...pluch....ahhhh...hmmmmm....ohhh...pluch...plcuh..."
The lady who got fucked first spoke with heaving boobs, her eyes fixed on the monstrous wet dick.
"Sale...mote lund...meri gand marega kya..?" (Hey you thick cock bastard..want to fuck my ass?)
Arun stopped jerking, pushed her towards to the fucking rock, where she, at once got on her knees, holding the top edge to be steady and stop from slipping down.
A high voltage erotic charge went through me, as I waited to witness an amazing sight of such thick dick about to ravage an eager female asshole.
"Bhabhi meri gand kholo na...jaldi karo... koi aaa jayega...(Sister in Law, please open my ass cheeks....be fast....some one might come.)
"Arre Chachi...nahin.... phatt jayegi teri gand...iska bahut mota lund hai.." (Auntie, don't be silly...your ass will split...he has a very thick dick.)
The girl cautioned her lust filled auntie.
"Chup sali....phatne de aaj to...sala koi aisa lund mila hi nahin aaj tak gand marwane ko....gussa de sale....dekhata kya hai madarchod?"
(Shut up bitch...let it be split..I never got a chance to get my ass fucked by such a lovely dick...push it in now....what are you looking at...mother fucker?)
Arun moaned while hungrily kneading the fleshy globes spread before him, awaiting a brutal assault.
"Thahar Chachi...kya mast gand hai teri..."( Wait auntie...you have such a luscious ass.) Arun spoke with lust dripping voice.
It was getting too steamy and hot for me to keep jerking off.
Arun grunted with deep lust as the sister in law of lady in doggy posture, put her hands in the luscious crack of wildly shaking large ass globes and opened abruptly.
An oblong rosy ass hole was pulsating wildly in hot anticipation.
"Gusssa....madarchod..." (Push it in....mother fucker..) The lady demanded.
A shaking Arun put his huge glistening dick bulb on the opened ass hole.
The lady holding ass cheeks open, moaned and dropped a large blob of spit on the dick bulb trying to enter the asshole of her hungry sister in law.
A hugely aroused Arun grunted while rubbing hard his dick on the rimmed oblong anus, pushed ahead as a loud collective female moans aided his desperate effort to get fast in the hot back channel.
"Ohhhhh....hmmmmmmm.kutte..pura...gussaaa de." (Oh ...hmmmmmm....you fucking dog, push the whole dick in now.) The lady lovingly receiving the huge dick in her hot ass hole turned incoherent, enjoying the deeply painful and yet fulfilling entry.
The exposed ass and cunt of the lady spitting, licking and aiding the ass fucking was being fingered by another lady.
"Bas kar ab...chod jor se meri gand..." (Enough, now fuck my ass hard.) The lady on the rock, now furiously fingering her cunt, shouted and grunted aloud as about half length of over ten inch long dick got in, widely stretching and filling her ass channel.
Arun let another large blob of thick spit drop on his dick impelled deep in the grotesquely stretched hot female ass hole and increased tempo of his expert ass fucking.
"Ahhhhhh.....hmmmmmm....hhhhhmmmmm,,,oooiii.." All the other females moaned, rubbing fingering own, others cunts and assholes.
"Ohhhhhh.....maaaaa.....hmmmmmmmmm....iiiiii..."
With a very loud long pleasure filled cries the lady under the spell of an shuddering orgasm built on twin hole assault, could not remain on her four and crashed on the rock, face down.
The glistening long dick of Arun pooped out noisily, sprang up and was immediately seized by the lady aiding the ass fucking.
Kneeling Ladies crowded closely and opened their mouths wide before a contorted and shaking Arun, waiting for his mighty long awaited semen spray. Arun turned and roughly pulled up the lady still laying on the rock with her shaking ass up and made her join the cum waiting females.
"Pluchhh....Pluch....ahhhhhh....Pluchch...Pluchhhh" The loud wet masturbatory sound was very erotic to my ears. His muscled body stopped shaking as the orgasmic concentration grew harder. The experienced bevvy of lusty females shrieked and moaned in expectation together.
"Ahhhhhhhhh.....Ohhhhhhhhhh..."
Thick and long strings of semen erupted repeatedly and landed on widely opened lust soaked faces of three ladies in top row and quickly slipped down to other two waiting underneath.
"Ohhhhhhh......Hmmmmmm..." Now the semen strings were getting thinner and shorter but still made large blobs of semen being licked hungrily by moaning ladies.
Now I wanted to cum too and increased by jerking speed. But some thing else was needed for my real enjoyment, even beyond the amazing lusty orgy happening before me.
And I knew what I wanted- Radha kneeling down and waiting for my hot spray of semen on her erotically oval face.
"Cum baby....gimme me you hot cum...fill my fucking mouth..." I heard Radha whispering in her hot accent.
My spray hit Radha on nose and slipped down on her lips and she licked hungrily.
I turned to see Arun still squeezing and dropping his boiling semen on ladies, as some were licking his now shrivelling dick.
Radha sucked hard my dick and her mouth was so different and felt heavenly.
After some time, I opened my eyes feeling hot and sticky semen in my fist and realized there was no one else around.
The ladies were gone and there was no sign of Arun.
I wondered, was it one of my wild fantasies or some really steamy happened here!
Feeling the beginning of the drizzle now, shaking my hand to shake off, washing by rain drops the blobs of semen and squeezed few remaining drops out out of my now soft dick. I turned back pulling my zip up and slowly walked back to the road.
It was surprising to see Arun sitting in car and dozing off.
I knocked softly, he woke up, got out and respectfully held the door open, avoiding an eye contact, I got in and slumped lazily.
Back at driving wheel, Arun softly asked," Shall we go ,Sir?"
"Oh yeah, sure", I carefully opened my bag to get tissue papers to clean the wetness from face and hand.
"Did you like the scene, Sir?" Arun asked softly.
"Yeah I did.." I stopped and wondered what actually he was referring to?
But felt like drifting to a peaceful sleep.
To be continued...