"Time to wake up Sadie."
Slapping herself in the face repeatedly shocked her as much as the strange scenery before her. Every single impact of her palm upon her face was barely felt. In her thoughts Sadie Outlaw had to still be dreaming. So where was her long list of dream lovers then? There was no way this could be possible, right? Time travel was only in bad sci fi movies. Those assholes at Wyndham Explorations must be testing new mind-altering drugs. That or Sadie Outlaw must have been drafted into season 5 of Westworld. Yeah, that was it. She was the new actor in her trailer waiting for her makeup artist. At least her train car had air conditioning. Will miracles never cease. Will this nightmare never cease. Possibly the same wrong turn at the mountain pass. Fucking conductor!
"This can't be happening." Sadie remained calm even though her thoughts were all over the place. Pacing the center aisle from end to end, door to door she examined the distant horizon. Sure, enough her train car was on top of a damned mesa. No tracks in the rocks, not even scuff marks from a rough landing. Footprints up here would be like stepping on to the surface of the moon. First time for everything. One hell of a leap if you were sleepwalking. "Maybe I was knocked out cold and they airlifted the car up here. It's the only explanation. Fuck it, I need fresh air."
Attempting to open the back door she still found it locked tight. She had only been in this hellhole for an hour. That Carlsbad guy said something about temporal energies still swimming outside. Even as she tried to open the door a low pitch signal sounded a very feminine "Warning". Doubling up her fist she starts to hit the window then stops. If she were out in the middle of nowhere having a broken hand would not be in her best interest. At least she had common sense under pressure.
"General Westmore?" She turns around as if calling out in hopes that he could hear her. "Carlsbad?" Still no reply. "Anybody?"
"Yes?" She suddenly hears. Before her a hologram appears of a middle-aged woman with long dark hair pinned back into a bun. Dark rimmed glasses on her face. She was wearing a pants suit that made her look important.
"Who the heck are you?"
"My name is Matilda Ford. You may call me Tilly."
"Umm! Okay, Tilly... who are you exactly?"
"I have been chosen to offer what wisdom I can in your quest."
"Quest? What quest?"
"First, to locate your ancestor Jessup Outlaw of the Texas Rangers. you have exactly one year from this date and time period before he vanishes from historical records. It appears that he has important knowledge that my superiors find valuable."
"Are you a real person?"
"In 2022, yes. I have worked for the Wyndham's since the 1990's. You and I passed in the halls of Wyndham Explorations when you came in for your interview. However, you might not recognize me, I was being pushed around in a wheelchair. My image here is a hologram which allows me to stand. I suffered from a broken spine a few years back. This is technically all of the exercise I get. I am truly sorry for the loss of your grandfather and father. Undoubtedly they were both good men."
"Let's not bring that up family or I'm going to get pissed off further. How am I talking to you when Carlsbad and Westmore lost contact with me?"
"I am not speaking from the future over a radio. I am also this time jumper's primary computer. I have been updated with every known subject concerning the old west and its citizens, landscape, customs. I will do my best to guide you in all directions needed. Also, I am a psi. Therefore, I read minds quite easily unless they wear dampening equipment to prevent my eavesdropping. My talents have been connected to you by the nanites in your cell structure. I am with you wherever you go to help guide you. You can call me Tonto if you like."
"Not the first nickname I'd go for Ms. Ford. How can you do that if I'm God knows how far away from this buggy?"
"You have nanites coursing through you, attached to every muscle, every organ, every nerve. Those act as a communicator to keep us notified of your progress even if somehow, I should mentally lose contact with you. This time jumper has a beacon that will relay our transmissions to one another. The range is state of the art. One of our prior trips into the past, our computerized surveyor fired a tiny satellite into Earth's orbit which can bounce signals to this or any other time car we send. Inevitably to you, or whomever we dispatch. You were not the first rest assured. There were however... complications. We can speak of those another time."
"Won't this shiny buggy up here on top of Mesa Turdy appear out of place to the locals? Sun is bound to reflect off of its surface."
"It is unseen only heard but unable to find. As I said, part of your injections at Wyndham was to apply a series of nanites into your bloodstream. These nanites have various functions to aid you. One of which is that onboard communicator. You can ask me a question and I may answer within your head. Only your ears may hear my reply."
"WAIT A MINUTE." I the drama of acceptance Sadie was hearing only what she wanted until it finally sank in, "You bastards shot me up with tech? Without my permission? Oh, that's a lawsuit comin' if I survive this crap." Nostrils flaring, she calmed herself, "You said various functions. What else?"
"Wyndham has studied you for many years. We know of your strengthened immunity system. We have tripled down on that. Should you be stung by a scorpion or bitten by a snake the venom will not kill you. You might find yourself ill but certainly not dead, the nanites will purge your system around the wound itself before it can course through your veins. Exterior wounds will exist should you be shot or hit from behind. Any cuts or abrasions will heal almost simultaneously, provided nothing severe has been impacted. A bullet can still kill you. The organs will heal faster but a fatal shot is just that. I am afraid you are far from immortal. Even your bones have been amplified to three times their original density. Regardless, a fall from great heights would not be wise. Any accidental breaks can be prolonged and the nanites can reconstruct certain breaks, unless like mine, my severed spinal cord was beyond their repair."
"So, I could have punched that glass back there and not broken a knuckle?"
"If you are speaking of all windows on board this jumper know that they are built to withstand great impacts. From your current drop point even a roll down the side of the butte would not rupture them, nor dent the exterior. This jumper is built to be sturdy. It can also leave you behind if we should recall it. As long as you are in our service it will be returned with fresh supplies as required."
"I'm on a butte not a mesa. That means no water unless it's from rainfall. Speaking of water. I hope you packed me some."
"Of course. A reusable tank and shower are in the northwest sleep compartment, made to look like a sleeper via hologram in case you explored the jumper. If you will look behind, you, I will make things roomier."
"Say what?" Sadie turns to witness the seats on both sides dismantle themselves. Fabric rolling up, metal retracting into itself, all hydraulically lowering to the floor or sideways into exterior wall compartments. Lowering further still, the openings are replaced by shifting compartments beneath the aisle. All of this between the jumper and the butte's rocky floor. The vessel was still safe from those temporal energies Carlsbad spoke of. "Ain't that somethin'."
"Less claustrophobic I hope."
"A start. So how long am I a prisoner here?"
"Of the jumper or of the timeline?"
"Both."
"The temporal energies should subside in a few hours. We suggest you remain within for 24 hours to be positive. A counter meter will inform you of the best exit time and unlock the doors for you. If you notice it is cool inside your jumper. The exterior is designed with solar panels that will keep your jumper powered indefinitely. A generator will sustain lighting and heat your water. However, at night should you use lighting blackout shields on the windows will conceal your occupation up there."
"Couldn't have put this rig on lower ground, could you?"
"Strategically speaking it is safer up on the butte to avoid any human curiosity that might damage it. You can also see in all directions for miles. A radar system monitors large activity in every direction to inform you of traffic below. It will only inform you of human sized trespassers or larger animals such as horses or cattle. So, no playful bunnies."
"Speaking of cattle. Does this rig make a cheeseburger?"
"A microwave is present. You have enough food storage for three months. Astronaut food mostly which is nonperishable. You are a hunter it should be easy enough to supply yourself with sustenance."
"Hold up. I've seen a few movies in my time. Wasn't it Ray Bradbury who suggested that any casualty no matter how small, like a butterfly that we step on could alter the future? What if I killed a boar and it was destined to sire 50 piggies before destiny took over? Won't I be violating the natural order?"
"Perhaps. Would you rather starve?"
"Well, no. Just trying to make sense of what you asshats are making me go through. Fine I'll kill Porky. You mentioned my ancestor Jessup. Why again am I looking for him?"
"History has offered clues to his disappearance yet nobody knows for certain where he went. It is your job to locate and tail him. It is unwise to risk communication unless it becomes unavoidably necessary. We ask that you do not let your emotions get the best of you. Telling him who you are and what you are there for is not advisable. For one he will think you are insane."
"Obviously, you didn't read my profile. I am a tad insane." She laughed. "One time in disband camp!" Her unit left her behind in Afghanistan and she still ended up extracting a number of them for a medal of valor.
"Emotions are impossible to restrain indefinitely. While it has been noted that you can be quite cold and insensitive in battle, you do know how to feel for the innocent. Did you not cry at your grandfather's funeral? Your father's? Your uncle's? When your dog Goober died when you were 7?"
"You people know about Goober? How far back have you been keeping tabs on me?"
"Since birth."
"WHAT??? You people stalked me even in the womb?"
"You are the descendent of Jessup Outlaw. Therefore, it was important to prepare you even at a young age. Your family knew much Sadie, some even part of this expedition. Do you recall going to the local Dairy Prairie for milkshakes with family?"
"Don't tell me you bastards fed me drugs in my chocolate milkshakes."
"We did. Each doctors visit you received a series of shots. Nurturing your immune system throughout your adolescence allowed for stronger cells, to enable our nanites to increase your biology once they were introduced. Adrenalin surges can evolve performance. Your peak athletic prowess also increased as needed."
"I was pretty fierce running in track back in high school. So, what? I can beat Bruce Lee in a fight?"
"Highly doubtful, unless you trained with the Shaolin. However, you could certainly have pushed him to his limits, you do have a black belt. With the nanites within you, your muscles allow a sturdier dexterity, flexible as needed, malleable perhaps a better word. It is suggested in theory that you have the strength and speed of three adult men who have trained their entire lives for the Olympics."
"My uncle worked for you guys, didn't he? He spent quality time with me to test my abilities."
"Yes. He did indeed love you though. None of his feelings were a lie. I know this firsthand."
"How could you?"
"I was Colonel Outlaw's lover. We spent many beautiful years together off and on."
"Say, what? Seriously?"
"Yes. I know this comes as a shock. I felt you needed to understand that not everything was some dark deception. It was your uncle that suggested we at Wyndham formulate you into a soldier to be reckoned with."
"Even as a baby? Come on Tilly." Sadie grows suspicious.
"Of course not. We clued him in on the benefits of your alteration early on. As a descendent of Jessup, you were a top priority. Others, like Brandon were as well, but we learned early on that the male descendants, males in general were not so easy to survive time traveling. Females were. We were able to alter him like you with nanites but unfortunately those cute little healers cannot prevent insanity. If he would have been able to avoid that curse Brandon might be in your boots right now tailing Jessup instead. Not only was he too old at the time of our acquaintance to be subjected to newer version experiments, but the necessary time also required to let his cells evolve would have been a wasted effort. His one and only trip back in time his brain succumbed to the temporal flux that reacts in all of us, the aging process that is. It is important to understand that females are the best time travelers. Something within our genome accepts the stress better than it does on men. Males... tend to go mad."
"So, he suffered dementia." I haven't seen Uncle Brandon since my first year in the Army. Is he really dead?" She dreaded the question, but the family did only have ashes after he was supposedly flown home from the warzones.
Even Tilly's hologram lowered her head not prepared to answer Sadie. "I am not allowed to offer further information on him, at least for the time being. Please forgive me."
"So, he is alive. What the fuck? Your actions told me what I needed to confirm. Give him my love." She grits her teeth disgusted by the revelations and lies. So, whose ashes were on her mother's fireplace mantle?"
"We must discuss the side effects to our alterations to your biology."
"Let me guess flatulence?"
"Hardly. Mood swings will occur. Please learn to contain your rages."
"Rages? Don't get me started on rages. You're the bastards that are making me Terminator. Like Arnie once said... I'll Be Back! Count on that Wyndham's. I will demand answers."
"Understood! Your hormones will be quite active."
"As if they weren't already." She rolls her eyes.
"Unfortunately, the nanites introduced within you have stimulated your pituitary gland. As the nanites continually increase your immune system, strength, dexterity, and bone density, they also agitate your endocrine system. There will be days that you will need to relieve yourself sexually to prevent the rages. I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Trust me I can relate."
"Wouldn't be a problem if the guys in this era knew hygiene. If I end up fucking toothless hillbilly's because I can't help myself, I'm coming after you Wyndham's. I better not get gonorrhea... or syphilis."
"Your immune system will prevent sexually transmitted diseases. Even your monthly periods will be minor. Perhaps a purge within hours. Mine ended in under two. I am afraid pregnancy will be impossible. I'm sorry."
"At least I won't get knocked up in 1876. Good to know Tilly. Now I can fuck every cowpoke in Texas." She scowls at the thought. Surely, there were at least a few good men out there. Shrugging off the thoughts of sex she discovers a faint itching on her shoulder. Reaching awkwardly to scratch it she concludes it was just her fresh tattoo healing up.
"You have noticed your tattoo discomfort."
"Not really discomfort, it just itches."
"The ink your lifelong friend Boone Tickle Bear used on your tattoo was designed by Wyndham to keep you on track."
"What is that supposed to mean? Wait! Boone worked for you asswipes?"
"He did not. We merely replenished his ink when he was not around. Your friend had no idea of his involvement. Unfortunately, my superiors needed a failsafe to keep you from going rogue in 1876. If you stray too far from your goal the ink will create a lethal toxin that not even your immune system could not counteract. You were sent back on a specified mission. While we will give you a lead way to get used to your surroundings to the point of knowing how to navigate Texas in this era, you will not be allowed to deviate too far away from Jessup's locations. I will guide you."
"Google maps in my noggin? Do I even know where to find Jessup in this time period?"
"Yes. On this date in 1876 Jessup Outlaw is with the Texas Rangers in Laredo Texas for one more month before moving toward your location to collect prisoners. We suggest that you stay within 100 miles of your current position. Move into the smaller towns and do your best to blend in and wait it out."
"I'm not wearing a fucking petticoat like a saloon girl. I wear what I have on now or just inject me with whatever your toxin has to offer. If I'm going to live in this era for God knows how long, you folks had better learn to understand how I operate. I'm not afraid to die. My medal of Valor should have clued you in on that so, you people decide really fast to stay out of my way and do what I need to do."
"Your current clothing will stick out and raise suspicion."
"Don't care. This bullshit gets thrown my way against my will; I intend to live how I'm used to. I'll just be the hottest bounty hunter around. Trust me I can take care of myself."
"As you wish. Try not to expose too much future technology to the locals."
"Do as I please Tilly Ford." She holds her ground. "We both know the rednecks in this time period wouldn't have a clue what to do with an electric toothbrush or a douche. Hell, they would probably try and drink it."
"I speak of cellphones which are useless in this era. Even your pocket watch is too high tech. Not to mention that Jessup has the very same watch."
"Not giving up my locketwatch. It has a compass too. My cell I can leave behind but I'm not going to. It's only good if it's charged up, even if for just pictures sake, but I'm lost without it. Fuck it, fine I'll leave it here."
"Thank you, Sadie Lynn. It can be charged here in the time jumper for just such uses. Taking it out into the wilderness will only see it taken from you or destroyed. History must not be interrupted too heavily. The population out there is quite unpredictable. Between Comanche and Apache, there are bands of Mexicali desperados roaming between towns. There are numerous farms to the east of your location. Some welcoming, others less than accommodating."
"I can handle them. I'm taking my Glock. Don't try and stop me. Out here the forensics are next to none concerning autopsies and ballistics. Bang, dead, Undertaker." She persists.
"Agreed. Use your ammunition sparingly. In all actuality the Wyndham's predicted you would do this. Below the aisle is a cache of guns and ammo, where you will find a case of extra clips for your Glock. Keep your Glock hidden well until needed. To be worn on the outside there is a facsimile Colt six shot Army revolver residing in that cache with bullets along with a holster. Likewise, a Winchester rifle will suit your expertise in long range firing."
"I'll need practice on old school firearms. I'm sure I'll catch on fast."
"We have no doubts. A sizeable backpack for traveling is also beneath the aisle. Your military issue duffle is awkward. Find yourself a horse without stealing one. We would hate for you to be hung for being a horse thief. Although your increased biology and bone density might allow you to survive a broken neck due to a noose."
"Now that I like hearing. And how do I afford a horse? Not like I can use the money in my wallet which hasn't officially been printed yet."
"We leave that up to you. Just be careful not to find it illegally. Please stay within the realm of the law."
"Right! Don't rob a stagecoach. Got it."
"Is there anything else before I power down my hologram?"
"Nope. You're glued to my head Tilly. I whistle you come babblin'. See you around."
Tilly's image fades leaving Sadie to her disgust. It would take a few more hours to clear her head and accept what she had to do to survive. Opening up the weapons cache she looks over the replica Colt and her Winchester. As practiced in the Army, she dismantles them and cleans them as she would do in the field. There was a certain relaxation in doing it. Who knows when she might do this again. At least she knew her weapons. The Glock was still going with her. G-shot as she referred to her firearm was her best gal after all.
Through the course of the day, she explores her new shelter and takes advantage of Astronaut cuisine from pouches. Yummy enough to avoid starvation. Beef and noodles like paste. Woohoo! After eating she realizes that the guys at Wyndham even left her a stocked bar hidden away. Tonight, she gets drunk. Or at least tries too. Worth a shot anyway. A fifth of Jim Beam was going with her no matter what. Her flask stocked with Vodka. Best part of this trip thus far.
Taking a shower felt relaxing. It gave her time to think about what Wyndham Explorations had demanded of her. Knowing that she could potentially meet her ancestor Jessup, who had made such an impact on her childhood stories gave her a sense of pride. She hoped he liked her... and not the bad way. She knew she was way better looking than the gal he married. Hearing myth and knowing what a person was truly like were two different things. She would cross that road alongside the chicken when she came too it.
As the shower cascaded her, she reconciled her military past as a good thing. What she knew about combat would be useful in a desolate desert of numbskulls. She might even be the smartest person in America. Chuckling she wondered if she could get in on early corporations if she was stuck here. "Note to find Henry Ford by 1903 and buy stock. Rich bitch here you come. I wonder if Tilly is related to him?" A single word in her head Tilly replied, "No."
Just as quickly her future thoughts ceased, newer more foreboding images fill her head, "Probably won't live that long. Once I find Jessup and where he hightailed it to, I'm probably expendable. What could possibly be so important that the future wants a measly Texas Ranger out here in nowheresville? Has to be something world shattering to sink big money into time travel and nanotech. At least I have my health. Better than ever. Yeah, this might be worth a few shits and giggles. Better than a desk job. Ehh, not so much."
She kept her words to a minimum hoping that Tilly nor Wyndham could process her words into retaliation of some sort. Probably not if the General and that Scientist Anson Carlsbad couldn't maintain communication. Relying on Tilly could be useful but knowing the deceit of her own Uncle made Sadie nauseous. She didn't know just how deep the bullshit went. Did her parents know all along? It sounded like it. This Wyndham guy/ family whoever they were had to have been active long before she was born. An Oldman by now she educated, his children most likely running the show by now. She could be his last chance to know what Jessup was hiding. Sadly, even Sadie needed to know.
By sundown Sadie had dried off and found a bunk to kick back on. Tomorrow she would head down the butte and begin her journey. "Cool as a cucumber Sadie. Take every step as they come." Her words ring in her thoughts for hours until she attaches cucumber to come. "Yep! Where's my Gunslinger Deke?"
Crawling from her bunk she digs through her military issue duffle to find her best friend. "There's my Billy the Club, Deke." Holding a nine-inch lifelike rubber dildo she sighs, "Don't you worry Deke... I'm not going out there without my sidekick." Returning to her bunk with lube she lays back and enjoys her time with Deke. An hour of shameless toy time she cums on her tanned cucumber four times without working up a heavy sweat. She was liking her body more and more. Laughing, she wondered if she was the first human ever on top of this butte, least of all to masturbate on it. Swigging Jim Beam from a bottle she chuckled..."End of the line Amtrak." Referring to her train car mishap led to a grin. Billy the Club aka Deke went to the end of the train and up her caboose. Sadie adored anal. After another orgasm on high screams, she dropped everything and passed out.
By morning she heard the sounds of an eagle in the sky. With her eyes not ready to open she pats her shoulder murmuring, "Tell your brothers to keep it down." Boone's grandfather Newton giving her some bullshit story about the three brothers in the sky only made them a brunt of her jest. Pillow over her head she tried to go back to sleep. No such luck. With a loud hiss and an ACCESS ALLOWED the back door to the time car unlocked. Hearing that and feeling a warm gust of air tickle her, sensitive flesh Sadie rose up with a squint.
"Rise and shine Cupcake." She recalls her uncle saying each time he made her get up and go out into the wilderness with him. Good times until she found out he was using her. She still loved the guy. "Still gonna punch your lights out if I see you again Uncle B." Sitting up she stretches and stands noble. The walk to the door was her first step to life outside. Reaching it she opens the door almost hearing the whistling music from a spaghetti western in her mind. Door wide nothing but a dull breeze. Stepping down she shuffles barefoot out on to the butte. Dirt and rocks not even bothering her feet. Naked as a jaybird she stretched.
"Home sweet hell." She studies her surroundings as she hears the eagles above her. Squinting against the noon day sun she shadows her eyes with her hand. Discovering her vision relaxing against the harshness. Puckering at her soaring friends she felt another tingle on her back tat. The eagle tattoo saying hi to his siblings? Shaking off that possibility she trudges about stepping carefully to peer over the edge of the rooftop down into the abyss below.
"Yep, gonna suck ass getting down." As if a mental calling a door on the side of her time car hisses wide to reveal a winch and cable. "Well now. Looks like you Wyndham fellas thought of everything."
Before her eyes the hologram of Tilly appears beside her making Sadie jump back a step. Tilly acts as if looking down over the side herself before standing erect and eying Sadie. "A little early to be streaking is it not?"
"Okay how are you knowing what I'm doing? You're just a computer simulation, right?"
"I am advanced A.PSI. I can conceivably react to you as if I were truly there image wise, but as I dictated earlier only on this butte. As a refresher as it appears you have forgotten I can maintain contact with you within your mind outside this perimeter. The winch exposing itself was due to your discovered stress at how to get down the side."
"I could have rock climbed it no problem. Might take all day though."
"You are welcome to prove this to yourself Sadie. I will beg of you to please not die by showing off. This mission is too important."
"You almost sound as if you care." Sadie frowns.
"You may not believe this... but I do care Sadie Lynn Outlaw. My love for your Uncle Brandon extends to his love for you. Your uncle spoke of you often, as if you were his own child. I hope one day you might understand that in a sense even I am family."
"Yeaaaah, not gonna happen. Unless you can bring me a perfect mixed fruit Jell-O parfait to the reunion. I'll use the winch to get down safely."
"Good. The cable is long enough to reach the bottom. Attach a belt around your waist and clip the cable for stability. When you are... dressed appropriately."
"You know you like my body Tilly." She lifts her tits and pinches her nipples, the barbell nipple piercings glinting in the sun.
"For the record... I am bi-sexual in real life. So, yes I do."
"Aww hell! Not my... well maybe my type. Unless that wheelchair gets in the way of us scissorin'." She chuckles. "Guess I better get moving before the sun gets too low."
"You have approximately four hours to descend the butte. If you do not have problems going down, you should arrive at the base in three hours fifty-two minutes. Give or take."
"Ok now you're sounding a little too Miss Computo."
"While I interact with my true persona, I am indeed a computer. My physical body is tapped into a very advanced network. Forgive my lack of continual..."
"No worries. You're just a mirage in the desert Tilly. Mind if I get ready without you hovering like those eagles?"
"Eagles? Radar picks up no eagles nearby. Nor echo sensitivity of an eagles cry." Tilly looks above toward the sky. Sadie winces and points at them, then her tingles return. Shutting up, she ponders if another source was at work here.
"Made you look." Sadie jokes and heads off back into the train car. Another quick shower knowing it might be days or longer before her next bath she feels better about herself. Shampoo and conditioner would run out eventually. The idea of stringy hair made her grumble. Sadie liked looking sexy. Pinning her long mane back to prevent it getting in her way she gets dressed starting with frilly black pushup bra and a G-string thong. Topping them off with a button-down red plaid long sleeve shirt that she rolled the sleeves up on and her tight blue jeans. Socks and climbing boots led to her packing up her actual cowboy gators and tennis shoes. Cowboy hat stashed carefully atop her necessities. The pack wasn't large enough for everything, so she selected two more shirts, a Rob Zombie tee and another pair of jeans. Black leggings and a white camisole for comfort in any private time. Hygiene products a must. Bedroll from supply tied to her backpacks bottom.
Checking her Glock, she tucks it into her bag's side zipper with six clips. Another pouch contained bullets for both her rifle and her Colt. Binoculars. No matter how she looked at things she needed her military bag to hold everything. Growling she hisses, "How the hell did people live out of a saddle bag? Fuck that." She inevitably stashed more clothes including butt zipper jeans, especially her dark red leather jacket. She knew the Texas nights were chilly. Butane lighter and her acquired carton of cigarettes purchased just before Boone dropped her at home. Astronaut rations for at least two weeks if eaten sparingly. Chewing gum absolutely. Dark sunglasses held up before her she guffaws then puts them on, "HA! Folks see me in these they might think I'm a bandit. I'll just tell them I'm the Lone Ranger. And the story begins with me." Raiding the liquor cabinet, she concluded she might be ready.
Tilly did not intervene although quite aware of her extra efforts returned and looks at her two bags. "You do know you can return here for certain things."
"Not if I'm off at the Alamo and can't get back anytime too soon. You hush."
"As you wish. How do you propose to climb down carrying all of that?"
"Fly like an eagle to be free..." Sadie sings Steve Miller as a mock. "Tossing it over the side. I got the breakables on my back. Rifle might be a burden with no way of tying it. Can't toss it I might damage it."
"Tsk! What would you do without me. Pad it well and when the cable gets fired off it will carry the tied rifle safely to the bottom."
"The cable shoots off. Nice." Using shoestrings from her tennis shoes which could be re-laced later she pads the Winchester off well using whatever she could find to cushion it. Laces knotted it was ready to ride. Carrying her bags outside she finds a leather climbing harness which she steps into and buckles up. Clipping the rifle to the harpoon head of the extension cable she stood back and looked over at Tilly's hologram.
"Fire away."
"The button is too the right of the coils. I cannot do everything for you."
"Big help. I bet my uncle did the dishes too."
"Actually, I had a maid for those occasions."
"Course ya did." Sadie steps aside and presses the button on the compartments inner seal. The cable fires off sending a lead of reserve careening out into open air. Once extended enough it falls to the rocky wall below. Peering over the side she sees the padded rifle land and bounce. "Damn! I hope it made it okay."
"Worry more about your own preservation Sadie. A rifle can be replaced, your life cannot."
"Aww! Sweet of you for caring. If you did, I wouldn't be here in the first place." She switches expression.
"I had no true say in any of this Sadie. I was lucky enough to at least be chosen to guide you along. Good luck going down. From here on I'll only be there when you call out to me inside your mind."
"Can you read my thoughts?" She worried that her earlier inner discussions might have been heard.
"Yes. Your words spoken aloud prompt me to answer. However, the nanites within your cerebral cortex will answer back within you. So as no one else might hear me. As I said I am a psi so reading minds will be helpful going forward. My brain patterns are adapted to yours through the technology, so I can read you even from the future. I do not pretend to understand that part myself but let us be grateful it does. You can trust me, Sadie. I've been in your boots and not having anyone. I will earn your trust I can promise you that. For Brandon!"
"Good. Take a nap Tilly." Sadie clips her harness to the cable and applies her climbing gloves. "Couldn't have given me climbing cleats, could they?" She grits her teeth as she looks at the soles of her army boots. Being of military issue they still had good tread at least. Dragging her duffle, she hurls it down the side watching it impact and tumble. "Yep, gonna have to reach it and toss it again. At least it got hung up close to the line. Alright, let's do this."
Careful foot holds taken she scales the butte foot by foot. After an hour she reaches her duffle and drags it from its lodge against jagged rocks. Dropping it again leads it to reach the bottom near the rifle. From there she continues her journey down. Nearing the bottom, she hears an unwelcome rattle and freezes. On a rocky ledge to her right, she discovers a coiled Rattler eying her for interrupting its slumber.
"Easy now Maraca. Let's not get hasty on my first day here." She tries to ease away when it lashes out to bite her. Reflexes kick in and her right hand snatches the snake just below its head. Gripping it as it's body lashes about she was just as shocked as the reptile was. "Whoa! I knew I had good reflexes but that was just beautiful. Sorry Shake, Rattle, and time to Roll." Sadie tosses him away aiming for distance and leers down as it topples to a lower set of rocks. "Gotta steer clear of him. Second meet might not go as awesome as that one did. even if the venom won't kill me I don't wanna get sick and sit out my night convulsing. Better keep moving."
Hearing her eagle entourage again she looks up to see one of them diving down at her. Veering away from direct contact she watches it snatch up the discarded Rattler and make pray of it. Flying off with the serpent made her feel at ease. Chuckling she yelled to the sky, "BON APPETIT!"
The rest of her trip down went well except for losing her footing twice. The harness kept her from falling. Experienced at climbing without any harness helped. Reaching the bottom, she found flat ground and laughed. Looking up she sighed at her achievement, "I dread ever going back up. Fuck me." She unhooks herself and calls out to Tilly. "Can you at least rewind the cable, or do I need to do that myself too?"
"Of course not, I simply wanted you to be independent as much as possible. Now that I know you made it down safely, I'll signal the winch to recoil the wire. Be well Sadie Outlaw."
"Plan on it. I'll call you when I need ya, Tilly. Let me do things on my own."
"As you wish." Tilly fades away in her thoughts.
Looking about the terrain Sadie grumbles, "Okay, which direction to the nearest town?"
"Oh, now you need me."
"Shut up and point me in the right direction."
"Due East about 26 miles you will find a town known as Sugar Plum. Population at this year is speculative at 165."
"So, no shopping mall and a Burger King. Lovely."
"Have a good day, Sadie."
"You too Compubitch."
"I heard that. Have I called you by any obscenities?"
"You know I'm not exactly happy with my abuse at you bastards. Live with it."
"As you wish... Cunt."
"Oh, it is so on Matilda Ford."
Gathering her things Sadie laughed off their rudeness It was rather funny. Having Tilly might just keep her sane in her time here in 1876. As long as folks didn't see her talking to herself. Of course, that might play to her advantage someday. People tend to steer clear of crazy folk. Unwrapping her Winchester, she checks it out. It appeared intact. The barrel wasn't bent. The stock sturdy and the trigger tight. She got lucky. Retrieving her laces and towels she packed them up. Dragging out her cowboy hat she let her hair down and shook it to a fullness like a model might. Hat on, shades on, leather jacket on, Sadie was ready to walk. Taking time to apply her gun belt around her waist and making a few practiced draws from the holster like High Noon, she smiled at her speed.
"Fastest cunt in the west. I can call myself that. Only me Tilly."
No reply to that suited Sadie just fine. Bags hoisted she headed due East. With the sun going down she had approximately two hours of daylight. Hardly weary she maintained her course until finding a dead tree. Snapping off kindling she used her butane lighter to start a fire. Larger bark and thicker limbs were more challenging. She did however shock herself at the strength she had in busting it into sizable chunks. Settling in at dusk she heard a recognizable rumbling. Off to the North a cloud of dust made her uneasy.
"Horses. Dammit I just started this fire. I don't need any company ruining my evening." Readying to kick out her flames she hears a multitude of whinny's. Halting her boots ascent into Hell she chanced a look over the horizon. With ample vision accompanied by binoculars she spots a good three dozen wild horses. "Well now. At least I'm not being ambushed by Comanche or any desperados. They're beautiful." Setting back down she just watches them stray about having ended their run for the night. She knew they had seen her campfire but weren't running from her. Crazy as it was it was almost a comfort that they were there. Now she could rest with a security system at her back. If anyone or any predator was nearby, the horses would rile up noisily to let her know.
"Too bad my chances of scoring a ride are next to nada. Me catching one of those handsome devils and breaking one enough to ride is impossible. No lariat to rope one. I doubt I'm that fast and strong enough to hold on even if I caught one off guard. If they head East, I'll give it a shot though. Can't do more than break my back trying. Worst case scenario I get trampled and feed the vultures." Her thoughts on Tilly breaking her own spine Sadie apologized in her head. No reply necessary but in the future Matilda Ford smiled in the darkness of her room.
Stretching out on her unfolded bedroll she catches some shut eye. Tomorrow would be a taxing day.
Bet on that hand Texan!