Summers are brutal in Florida. The heat and humidity is overwhelming. Still, my sister and her friend Holly wanted to play a round of golf. They had played together on their high school team and now that both just finished their first year of college they were nostalgic for simpler times. Since it was my last summer of graduate school and I had nothing better to do I joined them. Just like when they were in high school they were better golfers than most of the people on the course. It was funny to see manly men watch the girls drive the ball ten or twenty yards further than they hit it. A few times I'd catch them staring at the girls, usually right at Holly's ass. She was wearing shorts that were short and tight. I even stole a few glances during our round but looked away when I started to feel my cock swell. She's my sisters' friend after all. Even with all the distractions I was somehow able to beat both girls by a couple strokes. I drove us all back to my parents house just in time for my sister to join my mom for an appointment they were already late for. Without a car, Holly was stuck waiting around for her mother to get off work and pick her up. I plopped down in the recliner and put some stupid movie on. Holly laid down on the couch across from me and within a few minutes was gently snoring.
I was tired too, a round of golf in Florida in the summer will wear you out. I was drifting off to sleep when Holly gave a little snort, then went back to her regular rhythmic snoring. I looked over and for the first time saw something other than my sister's friend. At nineteen Holly was about 5' 9" and athletic with shoulder length light brown hair. Her makeup skills had improved dramatically since I had seen her last and frankly she looked kind of hot. My eyes moved down her body, her chest moved up and down in time with her gentle snoring. I wondered what she would look like without her shirt on. I wondered what her nipples looked like and what her small perky breasts would feel like in my hands. My eyes kept moving down her tanned body, over her hips and lingering on her firm ass. I wanted to walk over to her, reach out and pull down her tight shorts to see what kind of panties she had on. Her legs were long and looked like they belonged to an athlete. She stopped snoring for a moment, gave a little sigh and went right back to snoring.
I suddenly realized how tight my underwear felt. All that staring had given me a full erection. I wanted to unzip my shorts, take it out and jerk off right there. I could nearly reach out and touch Holly's incredible ass with my fingertips. I thought more about taking it out right in front of her. My heart started to beat faster, I slowly unzipped my shorts, my hard cock shot out into the open having already broken through the fly of my underwear. I quietly moved my hand over and slowly started massaging the head of my cock. At full attention I was about seven inches, medium thickness and my now pulsating purple head was bigger than most other guys I had seen. I slowly started to stroke my shaft, thinking of what it would feel like pumping in and out of Holly. I could see she was still asleep as I glanced from her ass to my cock and back to her ass. I felt like I was going to erupt.Holly's snoring stopped for a moment, my heart skipped a beat, if she opened her eyes she would see me sitting a few feet away with my hard cock out in the open and in my hand. Somehow I tucked my rock hard dick back into my shorts, zipped up and quietly walked out of the room. I couldn't believe what I had just done. What if she had woken up? I felt strange and yet it was exhilarating. I jumped into the shower still at full mast. It only took a few strokes before I could feel my balls contract and I shot a full load nearly all the way across the shower.
I quickly dried off and threw on an old pair of gym shorts and skipped the underwear, commando seemed the way to go. I threw on an old t-shirt and went back out to the living room just in time to catch the end of that terrible movie. I settled back into the recliner, propped up my legs and caught another glimpse of Holly's legs. My eyes slowly drifted up her legs and I thought I could see the outline of a thong under those short shorts she was wearing. I could feel blood starting to rush back to my cock. As it started to grow I adjusted it, trying to tuck it down the side of my gym shorts.I glanced back at Holly and I thought I saw her eyes quickly shut. I realized that with her laying down on the couch and a tent growing in my shorts, she had a straight line of sight up my shorts and could see all the way to my cock. I nearly put my leg down when I noticed her eyes barely open. Her breathing didn't change. Maybe she was still asleep. My cock pulsated with excitement at the possibility of her seeing me. She blinked, her eyes opened a little more. She was staring straight down my shorts. Her cheeks began to turn slightly red, my heart started to beat faster. Finally after thirty seconds that seemed like an eternity she closed her eyes again. Even though her breathing never changed, I had no doubt that she was awake. This seemed crazy, it's my sister's friend. Okay, so she accidentally saw my hard cock. Whatever, she'll tell my sister and it'll be embarrassing for a little bit. As quiet as I could I got up from my chair, and with my dick leading the way I slowly started walking out of the room. As I passed within a few feet of Holly I glanced down and saw that her eyes were now wide open and staring intently at my crotch. I made it out of the room, down the hallway and paused at the door to my bedroom. I took a deep breath and started to wonder just how embarrassing this might be when I felt a hand on my shoulder that gently pushed me into my bedroom.
I took a few steps and turned around. In one motion Holly was closing the door and taking her shirt off. She tossed her shirt on my bed. She was incredibly toned. My eyes widened and slowly moved up from her belly button as she reached behind her and popped the hooks of her bra loose. Her bra slid down revealing tan lines around her small perky breasts. Her nipples, the size of quarters, were becoming hard in front of my eyes. She tossed her bra on the bed and I was standing there in shock. She looked at me and gave a little smirk as her eyes drifted down. She said, "I have a boyfriend back at college but it's not serious." She took a stop towards me, reached out and started to pull my shorts down. The head of my cock caught on the waistband for a second and nearly hit Holly in the face as it shot back to attention. "My boyfriend is the only guy I've been with," she said, "and he's not as big as you. So take it a little slow okay."
At this point I could hardly think, but somehow I mumbled something as I reached out and gently brushed her side with my fingernails. I started at her waistband and slowly worked my way up to her cheek. I could see the goosebumps forming down her arm as I moved my hand down to cup her breast. I pulled her over to my bed, laid her down on her back and unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts. With Holly's legs pointed straight up towards the ceiling I slowly pulled her shorts and panties off. She was wearing a thong under those shorts. With her legs straight up I took both of her ankles and spread her legs. I took a moment to take in the view. She wasn't completely shaved but was trimmed and obviously often wore a bikini often. There was already some glistening on the outside of her pussy. With my left hand I moved up her leg just brushing her trimmed bush and ended cupping her left breast and playing with her nipple. At the same time my right hand brushed her cheek and moved down her body, over her nipple and belly button. With my middle finger I gently moved down and started lightly rubbing the outside of her pussy in slow circle motions. Her juices were already making my fingers wet.
She started to moan as I began adding a little more pressure. I slowly worked my way around the edges and outside of her pussy, making sure she was well lubricated. Her moans got louder as I finally made my way to her clit. I began to tease her, gently moving my fingers from circling the outside of her pussy to making small circles directly on her clit. Then I took my finger and slid it all the way up past her clit, then slowly working my way back down and finally entering her. As I did I heard her gently say, "Oh, my god." I slowly kept alternating between penetrating her with my middle finger of my right hand and making small circles with it on her clit. All the time applying slightly more pressure and slowly speeding up as I did. My left hand was alternating between playing with her breasts and sliding down to feel her incredibly tight ass which by this point was nearly hanging off the bed. Looking down at her pussy and seeing my hard cock within inches of it was almost more than I could take. I was worried that when I did start to fuck her my cock would explode after only a few strokes. It's a good thing I jerked off in the shower earlier. I knew from past experience the girls I had been with said I was pretty good with my hands and I thought if I could make her cum before I started to fuck her maybe, just maybe, I'd get to do it again.
As I kept playing with her pussy, Holly closed her eyes and said, "Oh fuck, I think I'm close." She reached out with her left hand and grabbed my cock. She slowly started pumping it. I matched her rhythm with my fight hand, focusing more and more on her clit. The harder she gripped me, the more pressure I used with my hand. I looked down, saw her eyes get big as her abs began to tighten. I slipped a finger back into her pussy and used my thumb to rub her clit. I felt her start to grip my finger as her entire body started to pulse. "I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" she said.
Before she stopped pulsating I took half a step forward, lowered my hips and pointed the head of my cock at her opening. She was so wet that I started to slip in with nearly no resistance at all. Holly let out a deep moan as I penetrated her and started to thrust back and forth, only letting half of my 7 inches penetrate her at first. As I worked into a steady rhythm I grabbed her legs and pointed them straight up in the air. Suddenly her already tight pussy felt like it had a death grip of pleasure on my cock. I couldn't take it anymore, I leaned forward and plunged my entire length into her. As I started to pump I could feel her whole body tense and start to pulsate again. This time she could only let out a moan as I started to pump faster and harder. I was close, but didn't want to waste the opportunity to see her ass up close. As I pulled my cock out of her I was so hard that the head leapt up and slapped me just below my belly button.
I told her to turn over and get on her knees. She bounced right up and presented her ass to me. I grabbed her hips and pulled her towards me to the very edge of the bed. I put the tip of my cock against her pussy and began to push, she was so tight that it popped up and nearly went straight into her ass. A startled breath came out of her mouth as I pushed my dick back down, this time burying it deep inside her pussy. "Fuck" is all I heard from her as I started to pump faster and faster. I could feel my balls slapping her as I took my thumb and rubbed the outside of her asshole. I thought if all went well, maybe one day I'll get to fuck that too. I started to feel my balls slapping her hand as she reached down and started to play with her clit. That was about too much for me. I started to think about baseball, hoping I could hold out for a few more minutes. Her pussy was just so tight and it felt so good.
Suddenly I heard a car pull up outside. As I kept pumping Holly I leaned back and realized that not only were the blinds to my bedroom window open, but Holly's mother had just pulled up in front of the house to pick her up. I had always had a crush on Holly's mom, a petite brunette who clearly spent a lot of time in the gym. That was it for me, I thought of Holly's mom as I pumped my cock a few more times into her daughter, pulled out and with a grunt I started to cum on Holly's ass.
"Oh, my, god," Holly said.
"Your mom just pulled up." I said. "Let me grab a towel and help you clean up.
The doorbell rang as I walked back into my bedroom with a still hard cock and wiped my cum off of Holly's ass. I grabbed her clothes and told her I'd tell her mom she was in the bathroom. I put my gym shorts back on just as Holly looked back to get one last glance. Somehow I willed my cock to start to relax and went to answer the door with only half an erection.
"Hi." I said.
"Is Holly ready to go?" Holly's mom said.
"Yup, she's just in the bathroom."
"Great." Holly's mom said as she stepped into the house.
As I was closing the door and she was passing me her hand bumped into the head of my cock. I was still half hard and it was hanging out there a little further than it normally would be. It was all I could do to not be instantly rock hard again. Holly's mom pretended like nothing happened but I did catch her glance down just as my dick decided to pulse a couple times. I saw a small smirk on Holly's mom's face for half a second as she kept her gaze on my crotch. I suddenly realized with me half hard and with no underwear on you could see the outline of my cock through my gym shorts from a mile away.
Finally Holly's mom's gaze came back up to my eyes and she said, "So, how was the golf?"
"Great." I said. "I've never played better."
"Good," she said, "hopefully you'll get to play with Holly a few more times this summer."
It was all I could do to not laugh. "I certainly hope so," I said.
"Maybe I can take a day off work and join you one of these times." She said with a small smile on her face.
"Sounds great to me!" I said.
Just then Holly came around the corner and said, "Ready to go mom?"
I stood in the doorway watching those two beautiful asses walk away, get into their car and drive off. As I shut the door I realized I was rock hard once again, daydreaming about both of them. My phone dinged, ruining my daydream. It was a text from Holly. "You made me cum two times! I'm not expecting that level of success next time." I texted back a smiley face and wondered if my boner would ever go back down. I had a feeling it was going to be a good summer.