One summer during college, I had a pretty good job situation. Until I fucked up, big-time, and got my well-deserved punishment.
I still get so wet and masturbate thinking about it, all the time. I love being treated like shit, especially with the right audience, and this really pushed me down the path of slavery.
I grew up in San Francisco and went to high school there. I relocated to San Jose for college. Guys tend to notice my big tits first. I also have a killer smile, an ample ass, and wavy brown hair. I am such a little show-off.
The place was called Master Locksmith, a block off South Beacon Avenue. I worked the cash register, Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Next door was A&P Custom Doors and Cabinets. They were separate businesses but affiliated. For A&P, I did phone sales on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I got base pay plus commission, and did pretty well. Although not quite as well as I'd have liked.
Joe, who owned Master Locksmith, used to take me and two other employees for lunch at the Chinese restaurant on the corner once a week. He was a good boss, but tough. Late 30's. Thick forearms. Big Packers fan. Spent his weekends bass fishing at Coyote Lake.
Sometimes Dennis, my supervisor at A&P, would come along for lunch. He was half-black, half-Italian. Little younger than Joe. Worked out a lot. He owned this restored '67 Camaro, and would give me a lift in the mornings if he saw me walking from the stop. I usually wore low-cut tops on Tuesdays and Thursdays because, even though he didn't say anything, he was always checking out my big tits. Which I enjoyed. Like Joe, Dennis was married.
So one Monday in July, the bus was early. I got in at 9:30 and the store didn't open till 10. Joe was talking to Dennis behind the counter. When the door chimed, they both turned to face me. Neither was smiling.
"How was your weekend?" Joe said.
"Pretty good," I said brightly. "I bought these new shoes at Eastridge. Do you like them?"
I lifted up my right foot, showing off my new slightly slutty black pumps. Then I did a little twirl, teasing the men with my figure in my light blue summer dress. It had skinny straps that did little to conceal the black lace bra I was wearing.
Dennis had his eyes locked on my ample cleavage, as usual. Joe looked at Dennis, still unsmiling, and they shook their heads.
Joe pointed to the back room. "We need to talk. Now."
"Did I do something?" I asked. I had a nervous premonition of what this was almost certainly about. And I thought I'd been so careful.
"Get in there," Dennis said. There was an undertone of relish in his voice.
I didn't know what Joe was going to do. Unlike Dennis, I'd never caught him checking me out. But two weeks ago, I'd been looking for a customer invoice folder, and discovered a copy of Juggs Magazine he'd stashed away. One page was earmarked. It had a photo of a nude girl about my age, huge tits, kneeling on all fours and showing off her big ass and unshaven cunt to the camera. She didn't look anything like Lindsay, Joe's wife. She looked a lot like me.
In the back room, a black leather couch sat next to the table with our new automatic key-cutting machine. After locking the door, Joe cleared off some back issues of the Mercury News and USA Today and told me to sit down next to him. Dennis pulled up a folding chair.
I had no fucking idea what was going to happen to me. I could feel my legs shaking.
"Let me ask you something," Joe said. "Have you ever been to jail?"
"Uh, no."
"Would you like to go to jail?"
I looked down at my lap. "No, Joe. I wouldn't."
Joe's hand clamped on my wrist. "Show some respect. Say, 'No, sir.'"
"No, sir."
This was the first time he'd ever laid a hand on me. Even in my predicament, it excited me, because I'm a slut and always have been. I was wearing white thong underwear that morning. If Joe didn't let go of my wrist soon, there'd be a damp patch on my crotch.
"How long did you think you'd get away with this?" Dennis demanded.
"With what?" I pleaded vainly. Joe's hand was like iron.
"Stealing from both of us," Dennis said.
"I don't know what you're -- "
"Bullshit," said Joe. He took my chin and made me look him in the eye. "You've been skimming from the cash register for weeks. Five bucks here, twenty bucks there. You really thought I wouldn't notice?"
"And Andrea saw you dipping into our petty cash last week when she came by to drop off my lunch," Dennis said. "After that, I started counting."
"There must be some kind of mistake."
"We have you on the security camera. This is fucking Master Locksmith!" Joe said.
"OK! OK! I did it, but I didn't realize -- "
"Bullshit! You're 19 years old. You're going to take responsibility for your actions. You're in big trouble."
"Please don't call the cops!" I begged.
As scared as I was, the feeling of being totally powerless was a huge turn-on. I used to spend coffee breaks playing with my clit in the employee toilet, imagining Joe coming in, catching me, shoving me up against the wall, and roughly grabbing my big tits while he fucked the shit out of me.
Now I was alone with him and Dennis and anything could happen.
"There's only one way out of this for you," Joe said, gripping my hair firmly.
"What? I'll pay you back!"
"You're gonna do that anyway," Dennis said. He reached over and ran his hand slowly over my exposed right thigh.
"What you're gonna do is take your punishment from us instead of the police," Joe said.
"But how?" My 19-year-old cunt was drenched. I couldn't help it.
Without answering, Joe pulled me over his lap and yanked up my skirt. My thonged ass was fully exposed. It was humiliating. I had no choice. He was much stronger.
"A hard bare-bottom spanking oughta do the trick," said Joe. "Right, Dennis?"
"Yeah, for starters." Dennis moved his chair closer.
"Oh, God, you're not really -- "
I screamed out as Joe brought his hand down hard on my ass. I tried to wriggle away, but he held me in place, and all I succeeded in doing was grinding down on his thick hard-on through his jeans.
"Fuck, Joe! Jesus Christ, it hurts!"
My ass was stinging as he continued to spank me hard. I turned my head and saw Dennis watching intently, breathing hard. Dennis unzipped his slacks and took out his rapidly stiffening cock.
"You deserve this pain, bitch," said Joe. His voice had changed. "And don't you ever fucking dare call me 'Joe' again."
Smack! He was using me and I couldn't do anything about it. I wanted to shove my hand down my panties and fucking rub my clit raw. I masturbate more than 90 percent of women.
"What do I call you?" I gasped. I couldn't focus. My nipples were engorged and my hips were writhing as he mercilessly spanked me.
"It'll be 'sir' in public. 'Master' in private."
Holy fucking shit. When he said that, I almost lost it. In that moment, I realized what a submissive, worthless cunt I really am.
"Yes, Master!"
Dennis was jacking off openly while he watched me being punished and humiliated. I could tell they'd both fantasized about using my teen ass and now they were doing it.
As I screamed and moaned -- in a room that was not only locked but also soundproof -- they talked about me as if I wasn't even there. So fucking humiliating.
"You're gonna leave some real nice bruises on that little whore's ass," Dennis said.
"Fuck yes, and she deserves every one. She's gonna think about this every time she sits down for the next week. Isn't that right, bitch?"
"Yes, Master."
"Thank me for punishing you instead of having you arrested."
"Thank you, Master. Oh fuck, I'm so sorry for being a bad girl. I want to be a good girl."
"I think she gets off on this shit, doesn't she, Dennis?"
"Lemme check." Still gripping his cock with one hand, Dennis reached over and crudely yanked down my underwear, exposing me from behind. He leaned in and sniffed. "She's soaked. What a fucking whore."
Without asking for permission, Dennis slid his forefinger into my cunt.
"What are you doing?" I cried out. "You can't -- "
Dennis laughed. "We make the rules here, bitch. Not you."
I was absolutely soaked and dying to get fucked and his finger felt amazing. I don't think I've ever needed lube less.
Joe continued to beat my ass, hard. "I knew she was a whore when I hired her. Remember those photos in the student paper?"
"You mean the front cover with her topless at the welcome barbecue? With those rainbows painted on her tits? Sure, I still have that at home."
My humiliation knew no bounds.
Dennis pulled his finger out of my cunt as I moaned. He grabbed me by the hair and forced me to clean my juices off his finger.
"You must be about ready to blow your load there," Joe said to Dennis.
"Fuck yeah. And when Andrea was sucking my cock last night, I was imagining it was our little slut here."
Joe released me and told me to take off all my clothes. Unhesitatingly, I obeyed, kicking off my slutty pumps, showing off my whore body to the full.
"You're gonna suck his cock good," Joe ordered me. "And you're going to feel pain while you do it."
"I deserve it, Master."
I knelt in front of Dennis and obediently fellated his length. He had a huge cock -- darker than the rest of his body, veined, and curved -- and I took in as much as I could. He fucked my face, not giving a shit about me. It was about using me. As a fuckhole. Which is what I am.
Meanwhile, Joe crouched and pinched my nipples roughly. Holy fuck. I couldn't repress my moans as the sensations shot right through my body. But I had to be a good cocksucker and let Dennis unload in me.
It didn't take long. He shot his come straight down my throat. "Fuck! Ah, fuck yeah." I took it all. I was on the verge of tears -- right between pleasure and pain -- as Joe continued to manhandle my tits until Dennis was done. "You deserve this, you fucking whore," Joe told me.
And Joe didn't show me any more respect when it was his turn. I was a fucking thief whore and I deserved to be treated like shit. He didn't even undress. He unzipped his jeans and took out his erection. Then he made me get on all fours on the floor -- just like his girl in Juggs.
I was so fucking aroused. With Dennis watching and taking photos, Joe fucked me hard from behind. I was moaning and not hiding exactly how fucking amazing I felt. My boss ordered me: "Reach back and touch your clit. Do it! You're such a fucking whore."
I did. I climaxed hard, just moments before Joe lost his load in me. "Thank you for treating me like your cunt," I gasped. "I will never steal from you again."
It was an amazing summer. I found out a lot about who I am. Joe ordered me to attend a bachelorette party for one of his friends. First, I had to piss into a beer stein while everyone watched and commented. Then, the groom fucked me on stage while I ate out the stripper they'd hired.
Another time, Joe and Dennis told their wives they were going to an industry conference in Palo Alto for the day. Instead, they took me to this Motel 6 off the 101.
I was told to wear a leather mini-skirt and my slutty pumps. In a dingy ground-floor room, with the curtains wide open, I gave head to both of them while they watched porn, lusting over the actresses and ignoring me, until they were ready. On the bed, I rode Dennis's cock, straddling him, and Joe pushed his length into my ass. A young couple walked by and stopped to watch as I got fucked by two older guys. That was my first DP.
I could go on and on with the stories. But now you can understand why I enjoy being punished and watched so much. I'm a slave and I just love to serve.