Certain things have recently come to light, hence this series is going to move in different directions than previously planned and under a new title. However this story does pick up where the third part of Safe Haven ended.
Previously in Safe Haven, a porn star arrived unannounced in Perth, Western Australia, disguised as Shoshana Rosenberg. There are still questions she needs to answer about this. She is staying with Michael Spillman, an actuary she met by accident in LA. After she emerged from her jetlag, he took her to a Perth beach where she ran into a friend from LA who is travelling the world masquerading as Miss Penthouse. Most of this is currently irrelevant. Please read on.
***
Shoshana turned over in the bed and rolled up against me, up against my not unexpected erection.
"We'll have to do something about this, Michael Spillman," she murmured sleepily rubbing herself against it then promptly fell back to sleep. Again apparently proving her declaration that she needs to have someone in bed with her for her to fall asleep.
In the morning, we sat across from each other at the kitchen island eating breakfast. Shoshana was in her koala print pyjamas and I was comfortable in a t-shirt and boxer shorts sipping my coffee and checking the news on my laptop. We tossed around the idea that most of the news around the world meant very little in a beachside suburb in Perth with summer approaching. However, today was overcast and the sky was grey, much to her amusement.
"It rains here?" Shoshana teased, as some big drops started to hit my windows. I smiled back. "Anything in the news I could be interested about?" she wondered.
"Mysterious disappearance of a porn star?" I suggested.
"Unlikely. I am not going to be missed until my content starts to get a bit stale," she mused. "Any real news?"
"If you're after anything from home, there was a fire in a warehouse of some sort in Portland."
"Any football results?"
"We're out of season."
"I meant my football."
"I suppose it's on one of your American sites. Which ones do you use?"
"I guess this far away I can't be bothered, I guess." Shoshana gave me a sly smile. "With everything there is to do here keeping me busy," she observed looking out the window for a long moment. "What do you think?" she wondered, "It's not really beach weather today, is it? What do you do here when you cannot go to the beach?" Then she looked at me thoughtfully. "You haven't showered yet." It was a statement.
I shook my head to agree with her.
"Why don't you pick out one of my films?"
"They're on..." I started, as I began to type.
"...the laptop. There's something I never would have guessed."
Shoshana came around the island to look over my shoulder as I searched.
"Quite a collection there," she noted as I scrolled through my private folders. "All paid for?"
"I have receipts."
"Why am I not surprised."
I stopped at one file. "This one is one of my favourites. I think it was the first one of yours that I saw."
Shoshana leant over close to me and nodded. "Yes, I like that one. Let's put it up on the big screen and I'll give you a commentary track." She smiled enticingly, widening her eyes. "I guess that was something you didn't expect when you bought it."
"Well, no, it wasn't mentioned on the cover. Buy this video and the star will come round to your house to discuss it with you. But I guess sometimes dreams do come true."
We moved from the kitchen area to the living area and settled at either ends of my couch. I got the movie up on my big screen.
"Yes," Shoshana started, as on the screen a helicopter crashed into a ball of flame revealing the credits, "I do remember shooting this one."
"So you should. For one thing it looks like you're out somewhere on location and also the studio seems to have spent some money getting aerial shots."
"Ah yes, the studio wanted it to look like they spent some money on that production. They made a big issue about it when I signed on about trusting me to make it a success. You could call it a prestige project." Shoshana preened herself to emphasise the prestige involved, running her hand across her covered breasts. On the screen she appeared for the first time in something resembling army fatigues.
"You look hot in that fetish military gear," I admired, "they really want this to look good."
We watched the opening sequence, watched the helicopter crash and burn, the pilot emerging unscathed with all his gear, his gun and a cigar. I looked over at Shoshana. "I don't think there's an expectation that someone will buy it thinking they are getting Full Metal Jacket," I suggested.
She looked hard at me trying to guess where I was with that joke. She sighed theatrically. "I think you'll find it's named after a video game." We both laughed. "My old fashioned man," she added. "Now watch."
So we did.
"Oh," I realised, "he isn't casting a shadow. So this location may not be as much location as I first realised. But I love the way he's loaded up with military gear. And smoking a cigar that he miraculously managed to save while escaping from his crashed chopper."
"Important details, yes. I can imagine what going to see a conventional film with you would be like. You may be missing some important plot points. Does he know where he's headed? Think about it. If someone nearby just shot down his chopper why is he walking out there in the open? And why are there large pieces of cardboard lying around in the desert?" Shoshana added. "Which are all matters I raised with the writers when I saw the script."
"I might have missed some of that while I was getting excited for your big entrance. And there you are, wearing your leather undies over your tights because that's what female soldiers do? And the sheer leather bikini, that's a nice touch."
"You do understand that girls can be soldiers, too. Sexy soldiers, trained to love not hate. And it's climate appropriate, perfect for a hot desert day."
"All right, I'll go with the logic of that. And look, you have as little sense of taking cover from the enemy as him. Why don't you flash him one of your breasts? That'll show him who's really the boss."
And of course Shoshaha flashed one of her breasts on the screen while keeping a serious face as she did it.
"This one?" Shoshana indicated on the couch, unbuttoning her top to expose her left breast. "I think there's a need in a porn video to hint early on that there is going to be some flesh shown. When there's a bit of narrative to get through before the fucking starts." She lifted her exposed left breast for me to admire.
"Very nice," I agreed as she put it away. "It's a good thing that the IDF dress their women for desert conditions, in bikini tops and leather chaps that leave most of their bums hanging out."
"Watch the movie and learn how effective it is in overcoming the enemy. You see, it's completely thrown off his aim. He missed me by a mile with that shot."
"Mind, you're not a much better shot either. And your laser sighter is still supposedly working unlike his." The gun battle did not last long, as the two of them moved closer to each other. "And now my favourite bit apart from the fucking, the cardboard shield. Was that in the script?"
"My lips are sealed. You can guess that most porn stars would be very good at improv."
"I'll have to remember that gem. Now we have to get from the kill or be killed tension that you two have built up during your firefight to getting to the fucking. How are you going to move from hate to love? I guess this is where it gets really hard."
"Well, hopefully something does."
"I guess if either of you could shoot straight it would have been a short movie with no fucking."
"That was discussed on the set by the crew," Shoshana grinned.
"So here we go. Having failed to shoot him, you're suddenly engaging in hand to hand combat. Because of the jump cuts I'm not getting a good sense of how good a fighter you are. Oh dear, your bikini top's come off. The lab that designed that didn't think that all through did they? There's some nice kicking and elbowing by you. Although your handlers are probably wondering why you're not using the knife. It almost like you're not trying to actually hurt each other."
"I thought I was going to do the commentary. Now hush. You don't want to miss my big line. Here we go: 'Your dick, my arse.' Did you like the delivery?"
"It certainly drives the narrative forward. Although it is a bit of a surprise twist given that you've shot down his helicopter and tried to kill him. I'm guessing there were not too many takes to get that right?"
"Since it starts to get sexy from here, why don't you get your dick out? You can pretend that I am performing on you."
On the screen, Shoshana put his dick into her mouth.
I obeyed. Shoshana looked over, approving. "It's good to see some audience reaction to my performances. In this internet age, it's not like you're going to get a number of men together in a cinema or around the VHS recorder, all watching together, to get their response. You can be my barometer of success."
"Well," I agreed but trying not to stroke, "if I have to. That's a great shot of you from his point of view by the way, mouth full of penis, breasts swaying and how would you describe that look in your eyes?"
"Lust. It was a hot day and I was quite turned on."
"Do you often watch your own movies and jack off watching yourself?" I asked, noticing that Shoshana was rubbing herself through her pyjamas.
"Depends on my level of self-esteem. And how horny I'm feeling. And the company."
"You seem to be really into this headjob."
"Like I said, I was getting horny. And I didn't want to let the IDF down. Are you suggesting that there are performances when I don't give it my all?"
"Well to be critical, in a recent step-sister thing you seemed to be phoning it in. Not to be too critical, but in some of the recent ones after you have gone through and described everything you wanted to do in the pre-match interview, the action can seem like an anti-climax for you and for me watching."
"It doesn't look like an anti-climax at the moment," Shoshana observed of my erection. I was still trying to avoid stroking it.
"I guess since my breasts are out on the screen, let's free them," she suggested as she lifted her pyjama top over her head. "Look, see how much emotion he's putting into this scene," she added as we watched her man recline on his back while she kept on enthusiastically blowing him.
"You at least look convincing," I admired. "Although I see that, typical of the genre, the emphasis is on you giving the man pleasure and not the other way around. I mean apart from not shooting you, he hasn't done much to get you aroused."
"Well, not yet. But then the action has only just started. Give him some time. And don't forget he has just recently survived a helicopter crash. Maybe he needs the comfort of a good head job."
"Okay, I'll take that back. And look, he is concerned about you. He's nibbling your ear and squeezing your breasts. So he's trying. And it seems to be working. Unless that moaning is a trick by you to blindside him."
"You seem to be overthinking it at this point. The intellectual content will come." She smiled.
"He's found your bottom. That was quick. Down go the shorts, he rips your tights away and he's in."
"Yeah, I guess it was a bit quick after the long build up. Of course, that is in the editing. There was some more consideration at the time. And I was prepared for it, if you know what I mean. There are a few things you do to get ready. Have you fucked a girl's arse?" Shoshana slipped off her pyjama shorts so she could more easily play with herself. Since she was now nude, I decided to go the same way and worked my boxers right down so that my erection was completely free.
"I have actually," I told her. "I had a girlfriend once who could only orgasm while I was fucking her arse. Nothing else worked."
"Happens. You'll have to tell me all about her some time."
"I will. Some of our fucking was a bit like what you and he just did there. Ignore the vagina and just go straight to the arse. Especially when she wanted a quick orgasm."
That seemed to get Shoshana going faster on the sofa as she ran her hand quickly up and down her slit. "Go on," she urged, "you go too."
I jerked myself a few times to please her and went back to watching her get arse fucked on the screen.
"He was actually pretty good at it," Shoshana told me, going into her detached commentary voice, "He's one of the memorable ones who knew how to find all the right places and he got his rhythm right for me too."
"I've read about all the things that you do to prepare. It's funny because in my real world situation, the girlfriend would just decide that she wanted to be fucked in the arse and would tell me to do it. And, well, I wasn't going to say no. So no preparation, no protection. And usually no lube."
"No lube?"
"No, she wanted it dry. Said that gave her better orgasms. Which it seemed to."
"She knew what she wanted and how to ask for it, so kudos to her. Even if it seems a bit reckless."
"Coming from you..."
"You know that everything I do may look reckless on the screen but in my case it's all scripted and agreed to in advance. And that's not just good manners. I'm doing it for the camera as well as me. A well organised shoot goes smoother and looks better on the screen than a complete improvisation. The cameraman has to have some idea of what is going to happen next, where she needs to be, what angles and lighting, that sort of thing."
"Oh, that's a lovely shot of you two under the Chuppah. Whose idea was that? The Jewish wedding from Hell, with you pumping his cock with your bum bare."
"It was a very religious moment," Shoshana laughed. We were both wanking.
"It's funny how something oddball like this can be the real turn on of the video. Perhaps it's the surprise of the thing. I mean you look like you are both really into the kissing while the camera is circling you in this moment."
"And we haven't even talked about the arse to mouth that preceded it. One of the duties an expert fighting girl is trained to perform in combat." Shoshana sighed. "And it seems to impress the guys."
Like we were in rhythm or something, we both slowed down our wanking.
I looked over at Shoshana. "Do you debrief with the guys you fuck afterwards?" I asked her. "So that they know how well they did you? Let me tell you from my experience the sensations are so different. I think an arse to mouth I once had was the closest I ever came to passing out during sex. It was the overwhelming sensations that just overfilled my mind to point where I couldn't take any more of anything. Does that make sense?"
"Total ecstasy."
"I guess. So much is happening to you that you can't respond either on a rational or irrational basis. You just can't process, react, speak, spurt, do anything. I'm sure there's a female equivalent."
"Of course." We both started wanking harder. The fucking on the screen was also getting intense.
"There's something so sexy about a woman get her arse fucked while still essentially in her work clothes," I noted.
"I thought I was the one going to give you the commentary," Shoshana chided as she shuddered at the quicker movement of her hand.
"I'm trying to hold back," I gasped at her.
"Are you coming? I'm coming," Shoshana shouted. Her hand moved fast over her mound as she bucked up and down. I didn't know whether to watch her or to, well, watch her. Getting off with her own hands or getting fucked up the arse. I could see what she meant by sensual overload as I wanked myself faster. "I'm coming, I'm really coming," the Shoshana who was with me shouted.
On my television Shoshana went from getting arse fucking standing to getting it while reclining on her side on the cardboard sheet. I looked at Shoshana who was in her own world on the sofa. I kept wanking, alternately watching her then the action on the screen.
"That," grunted Shoshana with her legs spread and straining, "was when I was young. New. Couldn't talk and fuck at the same time."
"You can now?" I groaned.
"It's an art. I've learned these skills. You like this view?"
On screen Shoshana was now standing, leaning against a post, legs spread wide for easy access.
"Yes," I shouted as I came all over myself. Shoshana kept up until she too came, loudly and shaking.
We relaxed for a moment. "How far did we get" Shoshana asked.
I paused the video and checked the time. "It's 24 minutes in, still eight minutes to go. How do you last so long during the shoot?"
"I can come again," Shoshana boasted as she turned on the couch with her legs spread at me and started to wank again.
"And did someone say that I couldn't?" I challenged as I restarted the video and began to get hard again the quickest way I knew how. We got back into a steady rhythm and then got faster.
***
After we showered, we sat at the kitchen island with fresh hot coffees.
"This may sound odd, but I have a very intense and diverse sex life back at home," Shoshana admitted to me, "and would you believe, like vanilla sex it does tend to get much the same after a while. I needed a break from that lifestyle, just some, I don't know, anti-sex? Granny sex? I need to find my base point again so I can fire off orgasms again into the stratosphere. Does that make any sense?"
"You were getting jaded and you don't want to phone in your performances either on screen or in your life?" I suggested.
"Yeah, like that. And definitely in my life too."
"I saw an interview recently when you said that you had had so many DPs in a short time..."
"...and I did. But I don't want a DP to be just, yeah okay, that's that. One dick there and the other one there, thanks. Nice, well done boys, sort of thing. A DP should be special."
"So you're taking a break, away from it all in a strange town."
"I had been thinking of where I could get away to. To have a break. When you came along."
"Lucky."
"So now I want to do some normal Perth things. Meet some Perth people. I want to see if they are all like you."
I thought for a moment. "You want to meet my friends?" I suggested.
"Yeah, do you think they will like me?"
"I can't imagine that they won't."
"Great, let's have a party! You do know what a party is, don't you, in Perth?"
I gave her the impression I was trying to work it out. Eventually I answered. "That's when you get a lot of people together, fill them with alcohol and stuff and you all lose your inhibitions?"
"Exactly! Let's do it," Shoshana enthused.
I looked at her smiling face. There was no way I was getting out of this. Even if I wanted to.