But that is only the beginning
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
My time in Mogadishu was coming to an end. The punishment for breaking the divine rules had finished while I was in the lost city of Ile-Ife. That city may be a previous incarnation of the modern city of Ile-Ife, but others would decide that. But I was left with the mystery of the dreamworld, two magical pieces of amber, and an enchanted room. I had copies of all our documentation, and some additional notes I had made.
Knowing I would become quite busy when I returned, I decided to do some research here first. I began with the amber. Examining both, one at a time, I realized they were lesser talismans. Focusing on the talismans' magic, I teased out information of the ones they were linked to. I learned they were married and had kids. I learned a little of their personality, and even their approximate age. Neither talisman was trapped.
I decided to see what was in the talisman. I grasped one, and tried to connect to it as I had others. It did not take long to learn that the talisman was designed for knowledge, not power. I spent several days looking through all it held, before I came across something not in my talisman. I came across it by accident. I was tired, and lost my train of thought, allowing a stray thought of the owner. Suddenly, I was learning about him. Not the tidbit I learned from the magic, but far more like Enheduanna, the previous owner of my talisman of An.
I soon realized I was seeing the life experiences of this person, but limited to that which seemed important. All religious acts were recorded, and a number of intensely personal moments. What made this even more interesting, was that this talisman belonged to a shaman of Aja. I studied all the rituals, and learned how to recreate them. I was also able to use my newly learned language, and refine it, as much was presented as both sound and meaning. To another, they would hear it, and might learn the language, but my knowledge allowed me to learn through immersion.
When I accessed the second talisman, I found the same record. Going through it, the two talismans belonged to a married couple, as each person often occurred in the other's records. Curious, I examined my own talisman, and found it, too, had such information about me. That worried me, should my talisman ever get taken.
While I did that research, I also did some internet research on the Yoruba. Much I had already found, but there was a little I had missed last time. It was this research that had the information about the dreamworld. It was believed by the earliest people of the Yoruba, that this was a savage realm where the faithful could be tested, and gain understanding, and for a rare few, even some power.
I looked again at the images of the other worship areas, looking for signs of the dreamworld. Two had references, and so I looked at all three again to see all I could. I meditated on the images, and focused on magical meanings. I spent several hours letting it percolate. I didn't get anything, but the next morning, I woke with a revelation. Funny, understanding of the dreamworld came in a dream.
It required a ritual, and I had seen such in the talismans, and the one performing the ritual would send the seeker into the dreamworld. The ritual would send the seeker into a savage reality, where survival was difficult, and when you were killed there, you woke up with the knowledge you learned there. The greater the achievement in that realm, the more you learned. Some achievements also gained you power.
A big limit to the ritual, is that the seeker arrived in the savage world without any access to divine power. This was designed to give the disadvantaged an equal start to those serving the divine. I decided to go back to Hafun, and see the young shaman and his father. I bought some supplies I felt would be welcome there. Again, I left my keys with the landlord, and headed out.
I took a different path to renew other parts of the country as I passed through. I stopped once or twice a day to hold a roadside ceremony and place a pinch of blessed sand. I had modified the ceremony to be more like what I had learned in the talismans.
I arrived a few days later, and pulled up near his place. "Hello, I'm back with news. May I come in?"
"Who calls?"
"Becky Sue. The extremely tall lady."
"Enter."
"Hello again. The lost city has been found."
"You found it? How? Where? What's it like?"
"You remember me telling you about my being more aware of things others cannot see?" He nodded. "Well, I used that to see the land about me. I looked for signs of worked stone. I found clues and followed them. As to where, it was where you said. The University of Mogadishu has the exact location, and I expect the world will soon. As to what it is like, well, it was abandoned as you would expect..."
That was when his son arrived. There was a bit of chaos until we got him caught up in my tale. I continued, "It was abandoned, and the wilderness had closed in on it. We went into nearly every building to see how they lived. Of more interest to you, we found several worship places. One of these seemed to still have some divine power. Have you heard of the lady of the forest, Aja?"
The old man said, "I have heard of her. You had mentioned her as the one who blessed your sand. Why do you ask?"
"It was her worship place that still had magic. I also found two of her talismans in a secret place." I handed one to each. "I already have one." I pointed to my necklace. "Their main purpose is knowledge. Hold it in your hand, and focus on it. Now ask it about the food your people farm. Do you suddenly know something?"
I waited a few minutes, when the old man said, "I see. Now I know why it bears more food when the soil is fertilized with fish rather than manure. This is amazing."
"Yes, they hold a lot of information about plants and animals of the forest. While those fields are not forest, they are often next to it, and the creatures of the forest eat it." I looked at the young shaman, and said, "As nothing has come to you yet, I don't think you are ready for it yet. Please return the amber."
He looked unhappy, so his father said, "Son, if she lets me keep this one, you can try again."
"You can keep it, as you have shown ability to use it. It is now your responsibility. I had hoped one of you would be able to. You see, there is a ceremony I want to try, but I cannot be the one to perform it. I hoped that one of you could do it."
"What is this ceremony for?"
"It is to go into the dreamworld."
The old man said, "I have heard of this, but it has been lost for ages. How did you learn this?"
"The talismans have also recorded a portion of the life of the one to whom it was given. I found out by accident, but that record held a number of ceremonies. I made a video of the ceremony I saw, so that you could study it."
We talked more about the ceremony, and I even brought out my tablet to show them. I asked if we could do it soon? They agreed, and the son said I could stay at his place. We left the old man, and when we got to the son's place, he asked about all the stuff I brought for such a short stay. I told him that most of it was a gift to the town, to help them survive and thrive. We unloaded everything, and I explained everything I was giving to the town, and we put it to one side. The small amount left over went where I would sleep.
As the son could use the tablet to teach his father the ceremony, I let him do that. While he taught, I began distributing everything I had for the town. Some were for specific people, and some for the town as a whole. It took several days to distribute everything. Finally, they said they were ready.
We joined the old man for a light dinner, and then to the old man's room. He told me that his eyesight wasn't good enough to see the video and learn the ceremony. But his son had learned it, and he believed it would be possible because his son was his heir, and he had faith.
I asked the son if he felt he could do exactly as the video indicated, and he nodded. He also said his dad wanted to go, as well, and he thought it would work for both of us.
I was silent for a while, as I thought about this. Then I remembered something I had learned in my own magical training. Belief can overcome limitations. I also knew that was a keystone to my body, as well. So I said I, too, believed in him. We both lay down, and composed ourselves for sleep.
The son began the ritual, and I felt magic seem to come from the talisman I gave the old man, and that the son had tied with cloth to his wrist. Part of the ritual was the creation of a dream body. The magic books I had collected did not talk about dream magic, but they did talk about astral projection, which I thought would be similar. I used that other knowledge to imagine myself as Obsidian, in armor and backpack, and ready for battle with a pair of steel swords, and with my second set of arms as strong as my regular ones.
I woke up, and found the elder next to me. I saw he had imagined himself in his prime, with a wooden shield and a spear. I looked at myself, and realized I was Obsidian. I had two steel swords held in my upper hands, and my lower ones were under my control as easily as my upper ones. I then reached up with a lower one to feel my hair. My hand could feel it, and so I learned I was Obsidian in the flesh of this dreamworld. I felt the weight of my backpack, and the other equipment I carried.
Looking about, I saw we were in a forest clearing. I saw the old - now, young - man finally realize his situation. He raised his spear and shield. I casually sheathed both swords, and said, "Peace. I am Becky Sue."
His eyebrows raised, and he pulled back a little, but still held his weapons at the ready. "Impossible. She is not quite as tall as you, and only has two arms. While your faces look a lot alike, there are obvious differences."
"This is the dreamworld, and even as you are a young man in your prime, I am different as well."
"... I forgot about that. Um... What are you?"
"Here, I am a Human Shokan half breed. Call me Obsidian. Back home, I am also an actress, and that is the name of the character I play."
"As I, too, look different, why not call me Rick, as my friends did when I looked like this. What do you suggest we do?"
"I think a look about is in order."
"Can't see much from here."
"True, which is why I brought help."
"Help?"
Rather than answer, I summoned the predator to take a look about. That's how I learned that my secondary arms were flesh and blood, as it formed as a raptor on my arm, and dug its claws in before launching. It flew up, and over the forest. I saw mountains to one side, plains to another, and a large, walled town not too far off in the plains. It went further up, and found a stream we would need to cross. There was also a road not far off leading to it from the forest.
"There is a settlement that way. Let's head there. I'll lead."
We began, and I had the predator stick around to alert me if there was need, and to keep me pointed in the right direction. Half an hour later, we exited the forest, and could see the town. I changed course to the road, then followed it to the town.
It was clear we were seen. When we came to the gate, there was a woman in regular clothes, and four armed guards close by. Their weapons were not drawn, but it was clear that I worried them.
Just then, the lady spoke, "Who are you, and giantess, what are you."
I replied quickly, "I am Obsidian, a Shokan half breed. Outside the dream, I am Human, with similar height and strength. I also go by another name." I looked at my companion and he spoke.
"I am an old man, and this lady showed me the way here. My name is long, but when I wore this body, my friends called me Rick."
"What is your purpose here?"
I spoke, "To us, this is the dreamworld, where we might learn. We arrived in the forest, and seek instruction."
"As I thought, but I was surprised at a giantess. I am Fatima. I shall oversee your time here, as long as you last. What specifically do you seek? Rick?"
"We have lost much over the ages. I train my son, but there is so much I don't know. I seek what we lost."
"A historian, hmm. And you?"
"Curiosity drives me. I desire to learn, but I also take pleasure in telling tales. Where better to create tales than to be inspired by a dream. Few may believe, but no matter. They will be entertained. I also seek the ancient magic of Aja, as what little I saw, was empowering life. I think it might be the magic of creation, rather than destruction."
"You are quite fierce for a teller of tales. You seek magical power."
"I tell tales by acting them out. Becoming a fierce warrior is the most believable way to portray one. Understanding a little about the dreamworld, I chose this form. As to power, I already have power, and can destroy with it. Creation, however, is not something I am versed in."
"We shall see about your destructive power. For now, follow me." She led us to a large garden with a statue of Aja dominating everything. She pointed at some benches, and sat down on one facing us. We sat.
She instructed us on the nature of this place, and what would be expected of us. There was much to explain, but she finally finished. She asked me if I would be okay with learning with Rick, to start. I agreed, and she led us to a library. She called for someone, and soon, a middle-aged man came. Fatima introduced us, and told him of our desire. He accepted us, and thanked her.
"Folks, come with me." We came to a room, illustrated with a great mural. "You both have a talisman of Aja. This room is her story. What do you know of her?"
Rick said, "I know nothing, beyond the fact she is one of the divine, and has something to do with the forest."
I said, "I carried her greater talisman for a time. I heard her voice often, as she taught me of the life in the forest. Later, I was disciplined by my gods, and she was there. That was the first time I saw her. Later that day, she came to me in person to tell me it was time for her greater talisman to move on to another. She gave me this lesser talisman, and I suggested someone to receive her greater talisman. We traveled a few hours to meet him, and she decided to accept my suggestion. I have seen her once since, when she blessed some sand I used in a painting. Of her story, I know little more than Rick. I read the accounts of some, and have an idea, but no sure knowledge."
"You are indeed blessed. Only a few here have met her. Let us begin. Look at this part of the wall. Here, you will see ..." He went on for hours. We took breaks, and at dinnertime, he brought us to an inn. At least, it seemed like one. Many came to eat here, and I was called upon to tell a tale. I asked what kind they wanted, then gave them one. He then told the host we needed a place to sleep. We were shown to a pair of rooms, and the host apologized for not having a bed suitable for me. I told him it was not important.
In the morning, we were given breakfast. Few others were there. Fatima met us there, and told us the economy was based on trade, service for service. My tale last night gained us room and board for a short time, but we would need to do more to stay a while. Rick offered his services as a shaman, and offered tales as well. I offered my ability as a jewellery maker, a tailor, and storyteller. We were told we could leave our weapons behind, as well as anything else we didn't want to carry around. I changed into off-duty clothes, and left all but a pair of daggers behind.
Rick and I spent the morning apart. I was brought to a taylor's shop, and asked to show my skill. I suggested an outfit for Rick, and Fatima explained who he was. They agreed, and I was given access to cloth, scissors, thread, and needles. Recalling what young men in Rick's town wore, I chose to make a nice version of that. At first, I held my lower arms out of the way. Once all was cut, I began to work with both sets of arms.
Fatima's attitude made me think she would leave shortly, but she stayed, fascinated by my four arms working in concert. The shopkeeper was also surprised at my speed and accuracy. She asked, "How can you be so quick?"
"I have made my own clothes since I hit puberty, and have made clothes for others from time to time. I have learned to cut well by lots of practice. As to the speed, well, with two sets of arms, I go twice as fast. This outfit will need a belt, which I can also make it you want."
The shopkeeper said, "No need. I'll get one for you." Both were clearly surprised at how quick I was. When I finished, the shopkeeper asked, "Have you made fancy clothing?"
"Often. The fanciest was a wedding dress for a friend." I described it, and they were shocked at what it revealed, but also amazed at how complicated it was. This led to a discussion of my jewelry making.
Fatima invited me to lunch, and we took the completed outfit. We spoke of many things about my past in my world. After lunch, I met up with Rick in the library. There, we continued to learn about Aja's story. The next two weeks were much the same. I made some other outfits, and even did a bit of jewelry. Rick said he helped out with the births of some animals, told some tales, and other things. We both met a number of inhabitants.
Once our time listening to the history at the library finished, we met again at Aja's garden. Fatima began, "You both have shown a willingness to help. Now it is time for you to go on a hunt. We need meat, and you will go out to hunt to show your skill. Go north of town, and take up to three days." She then told us the names of several animals. As she did, I focused on my talisman to learn of them. We went back to our room to prepare.
Rick and I departed midmorning. Shortly after we left, I asked, "What do you know about these animals?"
"Very little. I don't think I have heard of some of them."
"Didn't you focus on your talisman?" He shook his head. So I stopped, and pulled out a pencil and paper, and wrote the names down. I gave it to him and said, "Focus on these animals. I will be focusing on something else." We both sat, and I opened my life senses. They were a little muted here, but I was soon able to sense all the larger creatures within a few miles. I then examined the signs to select only the likely ones. When Rick said he was ready, I had about a dozen likely candidates.
I changed course a little, and led the way to the nearest one of modest size. When we approached, I signalled quiet, then pointed. When Rick saw, I signalled him to take this one. I backed him up, but there was no need. His spear throw hit perfectly. The dog-sized animal quickly died. While he bound up the body for carrying, I looked for a larger animal on our list. I offered to carry his kill for a while.
Even burdened as I was, it was Rick who limited the pace. We had to travel farther, but after an hour, I signaled for quiet. I then waited for him to acknowledge me before I lowered my burden and continued silently and slowly. Creeping up, I was able to get fairly close before it got too nervous. Suddenly, I sprang at it, and ran at top speed. While it was faster than a normal human, so am I. I ran after it for almost five minutes before it tired. I caught up and wrestled it to the ground. I then broke its neck, and it suddenly died.
Picking it up, I jogged back to Rick. He said, "Man, you are fast. You outrun it."
"My training regimen gives me endurance, and an unintended consequence of something I did, left me able to run much faster. It was a risk, but a broken neck means it won't lose valuable blood." I put both bodies down, and bound up mine and picked it up. "Pick up your kill, and let's return."
Rick led the way back, and we arrived before dinner. We turned in our kills, then left to wash. There was a buzz, since we returned so quickly, and with a lot of meat. That night, the council met. We were informed of their decision in the morning. We were given a simple map, and told that we were to go to another city. It was beyond the mountains, and we would need to live off the land and cross the mountains on our own. We were also given tokens to show our time here.
We were given the day to prepare and equip ourselves. I got some climbing gear, and a bow and arrows. Additionally, I got a spare bow string, and a box of arrowheads, so I could make more arrows, and twine and bags. Rick got a backpack and other items. We set off the next day.
We started off along the road, and stayed there until we got to the forest. I said, "Rick, we need to forage for food. Much can be found here in the forest, but not close to the road. However, I think you may have spent more time close to the land than I. I can lead when crossing the mountains, as I have trained for that. Would you be willing to lead the way for now?"
"I see what you mean. I am glad you have the wisdom to see your limitations. Yes, I will lead. You are also right about foraging. If you spot an edible plant, say something. Meat, on the other hand, we should stick to small stuff until we are ready to cross the mountains."
Rick consulted his map, and we went off-road in a more direct path to the base of the mountains, near the lowest pass we saw from town. I kept my mind open to the animals about. This let me watch for plants. Last night, I looked in my talisman for what forest plants would be good for food. Lunch was a brief stop to eat some of the plants we collected. As dinner neared, I focused on some meat. It didn't take long before I shot a small creature.
We stopped soon thereafter, and Rick prepared the meat. He chose to make a stew, with more of the plants we collected. We set up our tents, and when Rick asked about predators, I just said we had our own. I summoned it, and told it to keep watch and to protect us. It took nearly three days before the forest turned into foothills. Twice we had to fend off a larger predator.
At that point, we took a day to collect a lot of food and water. I shot a large animal, and we cooked nearly everything in preparation for crossing the mountains. I figured we had about a week's worth of food, and three days of water. We broke camp at first light, and drank our fill at the nearby stream. Once we were out of the forest cover, we could see the mountains, but we were now too close to see the pass.
I summoned the predator again, this time to scout from on high, and in the process, I saw where the pass was. Taking the lead here, I chose the easiest route up. A number of times, I had to help Rick directly, or with a rope, to continue. As we neared the top, it got cold. Finally, we made the pass. Again, the predator scouted for us, and found the best way down. Once we were back into the foothills, I gave Rick back the lead.
We stopped at the first available stream to resupply, as we were in a drier place now. Our choice was to follow the mountains for several days and cross what appeared to be a desert to get to the city, or to go a more direct path that was drier, but not desert. Rick picked the direct path.
Foraging was harder in the dry plains. The second day, we were attacked by pack hunters, like hyenas, but more organized. Even as they came at us, I focused on the talisman to see if they could be eaten safely. They could. I selected the most aggressive and killed it. I then hurt various others and yelled at them. This broke their desire to eat us, and they fled. We took a break to collect meat from the one I killed.
That evening, when we set up camp, I summoned the predator early, to guard us. I asked Rick to hold off lighting a fire. He was curious, but I just cleared a place in the dirt, as though preparing a fire. I then brought out a bag of ordinary sand. I focused on the link I had with Death Valley. Sensing the sand, I caused it to come out of the bag and spread evenly in a circle in the ground. As that worked to plan, I used my link to heat it, as I had in my battle with the mage. I called Rick over and told him to cook the meat while I held the heat.
Although he asked questions, I just focused on the sand. He quickly realized I was busy, so he brought out the cooking gear and began to cook it all quickly. When I saw no more raw meat replacing cooked meat, I knew it was almost over. With the last bit cooked, I dropped the heat. I was exhausted. I lay back and closed my eyes. I fell asleep for a few minutes, and Rick put some meat away, and pulled out some vegetables. When he was ready, he woke me. We ate the freshly-cooked meat, and the vegetables. By the time the meal was over, I had recovered enough that I was able to collect the sand back into the bag.
"How did you do that?"
I gave him a half smile. "I have led an interesting life ever since the gods took an interest in me. There are places in nature that hold power. I... well, accidentally bonded with one. I am part of it, and it is part of me."
"What is it like?"
"It is a desert, and sand is its power. I can influence sand, as the desert can. Great heat is an aspect of the desert."
"That... is interesting."
"I've picked up a few things here and there."
"You've shown a few as well." I grinned, then he said, "Well, goodnight then." We both went to sleep.
Late the next day, we arrived. I worried them. We showed our tokens, and they took us to a temple of some sort. We were left with a pair of guards while they sent for someone.
"I don't think they trust us."
"More me than you, I think." We both smiled, and sat back to wait.
A few minutes later, someone came in. This was an old man. He stopped short when he looked at me, and realized my size and nature. I saw him gulp, and screw up his courage. "Folks, uh, it has been a long time, since we have had seekers. The first step is to learn how you came to our city."
I looked at Rick, and nodded for him to start. He began the tale. Every once in a while, the old man would interrupt for more detail, especially on my part. Finally, Rick concluded, and the old man finally asked me of my role. I added the detail that I was the one who learned how to enter the dreamworld, and that Rick chose to join me.
Rick asked if we would be fed, or if we should use what we carried. Likewise, he asked about a place to sleep. The old man was startled, and said he thought that we had already eaten. He then left, and we heard him raising his voice to someone about their lack of courtesy. He then told them to bring a lot of food, as they had made us miss dinner. Then, he came back in and apologized. Soon, food arrived, and we both relaxed as we ate.
We were shown a place to sleep, and also to wash up. In the morning, I dressed and left the armor and weapons in my room. While I still intimidated people, they no longer had a guard shadowing me.
After breakfast, others interviewed us separately. After lunch, I overheard some guards talking with each other. Apparently, in the early morning, some people went to investigate our claim of driving off a pack. They found the bones, and saw the sword cut that severed the head of the dead one. They also encountered the pack, and saw them scatter at the sight of their swords. This meant that I did as I claimed, and was therefore rather deadly.
Two female guards came to me after dinner, to ask how I became so dangerous. I told them of my childhood desire to become just like my hero, a strong warrior. I told them I trained hard from a young age, and studied combat with several masters. That, and my size, allowed me to become a great warrior. We talked a while about the life of a guard, and they were surprised that I served as a guard captain for over a year.
The next day, they told us of the next step in our quest. Outside the city was a hole in the ground. It led to a cave system where a temple is hidden. Each of us was to go down the hole and find it. We were to copy the message over the statue of Aja and return. We had a week, and would be given sufficient supplies to make the trip. They reminded us that should we die, only our existence in the dreamworld would end. There were dangers in the caves, as some poisonous plants and animals could be found there, and cave-ins and perilous drop-offs could claim our life there.
Rick volunteered to go first, as his lesser size meant it would be easier for him. I saw him off in the morning, and asked if any of the guards wanted to test themselves against me. Some accepted, and we sparred with training weapons. To make it more equitable, I offered to use only one set of arms, or face two at once.
The two ladies I spoke with elected for two-on-one. We all used training weapons, but I used two. I chose to treat this as a lesson, so I tried to be just a little better than them. They turned out to be fairly good, and I might have had some trouble without my greater speed. Still, I knew a few tricks they didn't know, and was able to get past their defenses regularly. After half an hour, we stopped, and talked about the fight. I slowly demonstrated several of the techniques I used on them. Others watched, and soon I had another contestant. This was a large man, and he wanted to go hand-to-hand.
He asked me to not use my upper arms, so I requested a piece of rope that I could use to hold between those hands, so I wouldn't accidentally use them. At first, he tried to hug me like a bear, so I let him and hugged back. He continued to try to dominate me for a good five minutes, but I just mirrored his actions, but a tiny bit harder. Finally, he gave up on hugging, and tried hitting. We separated, and I parried while taking an occasional shot of my own.
Again, after half an hour, we stopped, and discussed the fight. I fought two more times before lunch. After lunch, I asked to study at a library, or perhaps listen to a teacher. They were surprised, so I explained that I came here to learn, not fight. In the evening, I went with one of the guards to relax after dinner at a bar. Most of the time, my date asked for sex, and I wound up sleeping with them.
My fifth day there, was the last day before the weekend, and the bar we were relaxing in was getting rowdy. I mentioned my concern to my date, but he said this was normal. I kept an eye on things, but enjoyed our date. Suddenly, a fight broke out. Soon, it became apparent that it grew beyond the capacity of the bouncer, as he got knocked out. I kept an eye on the leaders, even as more joined in.
My date finally said, "We need to stop this."
"Very well, shall we?"
We both stood and advanced into the mob. I moved quickly to the right side, and used a number of knockout blows to thin them out. My date went to the other side and did what he could to get them to stop. When I got in range of the leaders, I realized their clothes were perfect for a single-hand grab. I smiled at that. Rushing in, I grabbed them both and lifted them off the ground. I used my other arms to block their blows.
I hit both with a whammie, and said, "Stop this now." They both stopped, and I used my now-free hands to knock out two others. By then, the other fighters noticed I was holding two people off the ground. That took the energy out of them, and the fight just ended.
Loudly, I said, "So, what should I do with you two?"
From behind the bar I heard, "Toss them out."
"Sorry, fellas, but you heard the man." I then carried them to the door without letting their feet touch the ground. I opened the door with my other hands, then tossed them out, one at a time. They landed only a few feet away, and I said, "Best cool off for the night, and go home." I then returned to our table, and settled back to my drink.
"You picked up two men at once. Then you carried them to the door and tossed them. Just how strong are you? And those moves, you took the others down so quickly."
"I am not sure just how strong I am, but I am stronger than most. As to taking others down, I know quite a lot about how to fight, and how to take advantage of weak points. My speed helps me pull the attacks off, otherwise, they might be blocked."
"You are amazing, I think I'm in love. "
"Well, I'm not in the market, but I do like to play."
"You want to go to my place and play?"
"Sure. Let's savor our last drink before leaving." So we sat back and enjoyed them, and left a few minutes later.
The sex was energetic. It seemed he was really turned on by a strong woman. So I used my strength to impress him, including holding him up on a wall as I thrust my hips into him.
The day came when Rick should have returned. The old man came to me and asked me to come with him. We traveled to a small office, and he asked me to sit down.
"Obsidian, your companion has not returned. We feared he might be lost or dead. Our priest prayed to learn his fate, and we learned he lies dead within the caves."
I was silent for a bit. "Can we retrieve the body, at least?"
"It would take a lot of effort, as we would have to search the caves, and they are extensive and unmapped. Additionally, they are dangerous, and were chosen for this test because of it. The temple has been there since before our records, so we don't know who made it or when. We will not be sending anyone to search. He came from outside the dreamworld, so he is not truly dead. You are also, so when you depart, you should find him alive in your world."
"I am glad he is not truly gone. Have you learned how he died?"
"We cannot tell you what we know, until you return. It might give you an unfair advantage. If you want to delay your entry unti tomorrow, we have no objection."
"I can go today."
"Then let's be about it."
I dressed in my armor, with my weapons, and was sent off with supplies for a week. I walked close to an hour before I reached the entrance. There was a tall pylon that indicated it, and it was my aim point from the city. My request for lots of twine was questioned, but I hoped to leave a trail back. Tying it to the pylon, I entered, descended, and when I was sure I was out of sight, I summoned the predator. I told it I needed to navigate the cave system, and wanted its help within me, so I could see in the dark and move well.
I felt it enter me, and suddenly I could see a little, and giving a click with my tongue, I got an idea of the nearby caves. I gave my thanks in thought to it, and felt its happiness. Next, I opened my mind to feel for life. I wanted to know what was about before they knew I was there. Lastly, I sought out a divine presence somewhere below ground. Prepared, I continued on down, clicking and unwinding twine.
Each time I came to a choice, I focused and headed toward the divine presence. I got a lot of dead ends, but I could backtrack, and I would wind up twine until I had another option. Then I would tie a knot to mark the dead end, and choose the next possibility. When I came across animals, I would focus on Aja's talisman to learn what it was and what threat it might be.
Eventually, I felt I needed to sleep. I found a dead end, then used my magic to create a steel wire grill closing it off while allowing air to flow. I went to sleep and was not bothered. When I woke, I dismissed the grill after opening my senses. I continued exploring and getting closer. One of the tricks I used, was to toss some meat past a hungry creature that was checking me out. They usually went for it, and less hungry, were willing to retreat.
I would use my sword to cut away poisonous plants. Some hours later, I found the temple. I paused and looked all around, before entering. I didn't want to be attacked while focused on the temple. Inside, I looked in awe and wonder at how exquisite the temple was. I copied the text I found above the statue. I then gave thanks to Aja in prayer and meditation.
Waking sometime later, I realized I had been given a vision of where Rick's body lay. I also saw the statue's hand now held a piece of amber. Reaching out, I took it and put it securely in my pack. Getting up, I embarked, following my vision, and came to where Rick lay. I needed to use my mountain-climbing skill to get down to him. I picked his body up, and climbed back up.
To return, I just followed and wound up my twine. It was harder than expected, as two arms were carrying Rick's body. I needed to rest again, and did as before. When I came out, it was very bright. I released the predator, and the lighting wasn't so bad. I finally untied the twine from the pylon and returned the twine to my pack.
Putting down the body, I considered how best to return to the city. Deciding to take it easy, I used my magic to create a cart to hold the body, and I could pull it behind me, letting its wheels take the weight. I made the wheels large to smooth the travel, and I made it long enough, so his body could be laid out straight. When I returned, they were surprised I had a cart, and more surprised I had brought Rick's body back.
"You found him! How?"
"I was given a vision at the temple."
"That's quite rare. You'll have to tell us all about it."
The old man came hurrying in, and said, "Not here. You need to speak to the committee first. We need to determine what this means."
"What of Rick? Can someone see to his body?"
"Yes, yes, we'll take care of it. George, can you handle it?"
George said he would. He ordered some others to pick his body up and take it for preparation. As soon as the body was clearly out of the cart, I dismissed my magic. Quite a few stopped in shock, but I just walked to the old man.
We left, and walked a ways to a courtyard with a number of seats. Several people were there, clearly waiting, and I was directed to sit and relax while we waited for the final two from the committee. Both arrived within a few minutes, and we began.
I was asked to tell my tale, from when I left the city until I returned. Before I began, I observed each of them with my mental senses, and learned they were curious, not seeking advantage of some type. So I told them everything. They were clearly surprised at my use of twine, so I told them long ago, I had heard a tale from my people's history of a hero doing the same in a maze. It allowed him to search the maze without getting lost, and later to return the way he came.
They also asked me about my predator talisman, and I told them it was one I took from a mage I fought. I did not tell them everything about it, but just the aspect I had used. They asked me about fighting a mage, and I told them I was also a mage. This shocked them. They said they thought I was a shaman like Rick. I replied I am not a shaman, but rather a priestess. I venerate several divine beings, and Aja is one of them.
Continuing my tale, I told of how I used Aja's talisman to determine the nature and threat of all life I encountered below. I showed them the message I copied, and they read it. It said 'You can reshape your dreams for new perspectives.'
They spoke among themselves about what it meant. I asked why they didn't know. They told me the message was unique to the supplicant. No other would likely receive the same message.
I told them that something else had occurred. I described the amber appearing in the statue's hand, and brought it out. This made them silent. Nearly a minute later, the old man asked if he might look at it. I handed it to him. He acted like it was a sacred object. He closed his eyes, and clearly tried to access it. Suddenly, his eyes opened wide.
He gave it back saying, "You are indeed blessed." Turning to the others, he said, "She has been given sacred knowledge. It is clear she has Aja's favor."
I described my vision, and using it to retrieve the body. Lastly, I explained the cart. They then went over every bit of it, often asking me questions about this or that. We slowed down when the meal arrived, but continued for some hours more. Finally, they called the meeting. The old man walked me back to my room, and he explained it might take a few days before they decided my next step. He suggested I relax until then.
I chose to take a bath, then I dressed casually and went to a bar to get something to eat and maybe get invited to have sex. Apparently, word had spread that something special had happened on my quest, and that I was someone special. While many said hi, no one stuck around. I went back alone, but decided to examine the amber I had received.
The first thing I encountered was a presence. I felt it examine me before it backed off and allowed me access to the knowledge it held. It seemed to be a mage's journal, but with a divine twist. Like the other talismans, it showed the owner's life, and he was a mage, rather than a priest. It showed him learning simple spells, and using the language of magic. I paid a lot of attention to learn this.
The next day, I spent time examining the talisman while I waited for the ceremony for Rick. It was a ceremony of parting, not death. Still, it was calming. I gave a short eulogy to tell of the man. Afterwards, I went to the temple we first came to. Wandering inside, I found a room that was under construction. An unfinished wall separated the room from a garden, and there was a window without glass waiting to be placed in the wall. Opposite to that was a block of stone that might become a table or altar someday.
Further examination discovered several jars of colored sand. The same set of colors I use for sand painting. I immediately thought of doing a sand painting of Aja. But I didn't want to repeat the one I made earlier. So I thought a bit, and decided to illustrate a tale of her teaching. It then occurred to me that my new talisman belonged to one she taught. I set out the jars, and then focused on the image and my new talisman. Then I began.
While I did not have the rock sense to help, I did have my desert power. I started on the outside as usual, and soon got into my groove. My thoughts seemed to fade, and the only thing that existed was the sand. In time, it was finished. I put the jars back where I found them, and only then realized I had an audience.
I nodded to the young lady, and wandered away. Noting it was near lunchtime, I went out to get something to eat. Afterwards, I returned to my room and meditated on what had happened. In retrospect, the colored sand was too unlikely. Suddenly, I felt a presence.
Looking around, I saw nothing. "Who is it?"
I heard a chuckle, then, "Who do you think?" I recognized Aja's voice. "You have indeed done well here in the dreamworld. You came here already knowing much of the language of magic. Very resourceful of you. You have also shown respect for my followers, and shown them kindness, even as you knocked them out at the bar." Another chuckle. "You have also shown ingenuity in passing your tests. I have seen you are both powerful and wise. You have earned your reward."
"You put the sand there?"
"Yes. And you used it well. I will use it to teach others. Sand is a form of glass, and I will make it solid, and it will go in the window you saw."
"What now?"
"The committee will decide. You shall return to your reality soon enough."
With that, I felt her presence leave.
In the middle of the next day, the old man came to me. He handed me a token, and said, "Obsidian, the committee has decided. We had many ideas, but then we learned of what you made in the temple. Several of us looked at it, but the surprise came later when the rest went. Your sand picture is now in the window as colored glass, as though it were accepted as an offering. That room will be a teaching room, and now it shows one of her tales of teaching.
"It is clear you are to be a storyteller. We knew then what your path should be. You are to return to the town that sent you here, and learn from their elder. This token is to show you have completed your quest here."
I spent the rest of the day contemplating my return. Somehow, I knew the text I copied was important, but it wasn't apparent. When I woke the next day, I realized I had an epiphany in my dreams. I was in the dreamworld, a place of dreams, and I could reshape it. And a new perspective meant I could change myself also while here.
When I left the city, I stopped only a few hundred feet away. I used my magic to create a zigguraut two hundred feet tall, with steps circling it all the way up. I climbed it, and sat down on the flat top. I summoned the predator, and asked it to infuse me, and to also guide me into a new form. I sent the image of the thunderbird of legend, and at the same time, I imagined becoming one.
Suddenly, I felt my body changing. My four arms became two, then feathered, then wings. My body also changed, becoming lighter, and in the form of a very large bird. I also felt my eyes change to that of a bird of prey. Just as suddenly as it began, it ended. I was now a thunderbird. So I flexed my wings, and leaning on the predator's guidance, I launched into the sky. Circling once and willed the ziggurat to dissipate. The building disappeared.
I then flew over to the desert between the city and the mountains. Using its thermals, I gained height. As long as I could, I circled in the thermal. I got almost as high as the mountain. I left the thermal as it failed, and soared towards the mountain. I used my hang-gliding experience to find updrafts on the mountainside. It was early in the afternoon, when I crossed the mountains.
On the other side, I headed directly for the town, and traded some height for speed, and quickly crossed the forest, gliding the whole way. It was nearing dusk when I arrived, so I did a quick overflight to spot the garden with Aja's statue. When I saw it, I headed there. I was seen, and several guards came. I landed on a bench, and remained still, focusing on resuming my Shokan form. I heard exclamations of surprise as it happened.
By this time Fatima had arrived. "Obsidian, you surprise us again."
I showed her my newest token, and said, "They have sent me back here to learn from your elder. But for now, I am tired and hungry, and would eat, then sleep."
"Come with me then." She dismissed the guard, and led me to the home of an old lady. She introduced me. "Obsidian, this is our elder, my mother, Scheherazade. She is the one you will learn from. Excuse me a moment."
Leaving us, she returned with a plate of food. "Come eat, and tell us of your journey."
As I ate slowly, I told them the bare bones, explaining I was too tired to go into more details. When I finished, she showed me to a large bedroom that was obviously in use. "This is my room. Your previous host said you slept on the floor with only a pillow and blankets. I have room here, and would be honored if you chose to sleep here." I accepted, and she handed me one of her pillows. She then left, and returned with bedding. Soon, I was sleeping.
In the morning, I woke slowly, to the sounds of another waking. I opened my eyes and saw Fatima dressing. Eventually, I, too, got up and dressed, leaving my armor and weapons here in a corner. I joined them for breakfast, and we had small talk. Afterwards, the three of us went out back into a walled garden, with a pair of benches, and a circular pit of sand between them.
Scheherazade sat, and indicated for us to sit opposite. "So, you are to learn from me. I am best known for telling tales. What of you? What do you seek to learn?"
"I, too, am a teller of tales, but not a simple recitation. Rather, a group of us dress up in costumes, and act out the tale, as a performance. I sought to learn the ancient language and magic."
"You are a thespian, then. I can see why I was chosen. But first, tell me your tale. Not as a dry recounting, but as you would to entertain."
"I would show you as well tell you. This sand between us, it looks like you use that staff beside you to draw. Would you be offended if I used the sand?"
"No." She offered me the staff.
"I will not need it. Observe." I used my desert power to reshape the sand to show the forest and town. "Here is where we arrived." I then caused a small vibration to appear within the forest.
As I continued my tale, I made changes in the sand to illustrate it. Sometimes with maps, sometimes with images. It was clear both were amazed at my ability, but soon they got used to it and became immersed in the tale. Scheherazade seemed a little less immersed, and I soon found out why. I finished my tale after about an hour and a half.
Scheherazade spoke. "You clearly are a trained storyteller. But I see aspects that can be improved. I will tell you a number of tales, and I want you to listen in two ways. One is the simple way of the child, to be entertained. The other is the crafter of tales, who uses many techniques to ensure the tale is not only entertaining, but also remembered. Fatima, what did you observe of her skill?"
Fatima paused a minute or so, obviously thinking. "She knows how to illustrate her tale. But she changed the image too quickly, and too often. That works against remembering the tale. And also..." She continued to analyze my tale, clearly an expert.
When she finished, Scheherazade said, "I also teach my daughter. One day, she will take my place. But for now, it is time for lunch." We broke for a meal. Afterwards, she told us she would continue after dinner. Until then, we need not stay.
Fatima said she had to speak to others, but she would be back by dinner. I chose to wander around, and let the sights inspire me. Eventually, I passed through the market, and paused at a jewelry stall. Inspired, I inquired as to how I might get some supplies to make some jewelry. That's when I learned my status as a seeker meant I need not pay for small amounts, as the council would pay for that.
I asked for enough supplies to make a pair of bracelets. When asked about tools, I said I think I know where I can use some. I left, promising to come back and show what I had made. Elsewhere in the market, I picked up some colored sand, and a small folding table.
After dinner, the three of us sat in a room with a lot of pillows and cushions. There, Scheherazade had Fatima tell a tale. She then asked me to pick it apart as my own tale had been. I did my best, but when I finished she added a number of things I had missed. Then she had us both listen to one of her stories, and see how she avoided or overcame those problems.
So began my learning. I told a tale in the morning, and they would critique it, and in the evening Fatima told a tale, and we critiqued it, and finally, she told a tale to show us how to overcome our missteps. During the day, I worked on the jewelry. Fatima showed me a place in their home where I could work. I used my magic to make tools, and sand for heating my soldering iron. For the pattern, I used the colored sand to create a map of the world, but with the Arabian Peninsula at the center.
With her name, and the tales she told, I believed she was the same as the Scheherazade of the 'One Thousand and One Nights'. How she came to be here, I had no idea. But I thought a gift of matching bracelets displaying the world would be a nice gift. Five days later, I finished. I went back to the market, and found the jeweler. I returned the unused supplies, and showed him the bracelets. He remarked on their artistry, and quality. I thanked him, then made my way to return the table as well.
That evening, when the training finished, I presented them with the bracelets. I said, "You both are teaching me so much, and I wanted to thank you both. I thought these maps of the world would remind you both of how far your stories can go. Scheherazade, at first, I wondered, but now I am sure of it. My people know of a tale spinner with your name who entertained a sultan for years by her tales. I think you are she, for your tales sound familiar. I am curious how you came here to the dreamworld."
"Yes, I am she. Few here know of it. Like many, I came here first by a ritual. Like you, I had my own curiosity and quests. I did not fare as well as you on my first quest, but over the years, I visited a few times. When I neared death, I visited one last time. At the end of that visit, when I touched the statue of my goddess, I was offered the chance to return and stay. I could close my affairs, and say goodbye, and then go to sleep, and wake here as a young woman.
"Another took me in as her daughter, even as I took in Fatima. I have been here long enough that I have become old. But time is different here in the dreamworld. Much seems to happen, yet little changes. Stories are very important here, as they help us enjoy the years. Yet in the world you will return to, only moments will have passed. If you come back, it will seem as though only days have passed here while years have passed for you."
"My people have learned that a dream might last seconds, but seem to be hours. We have also learned that they can teach us."
"Remember that when you return. Enough for tonight. Tomorrow, you will tell your tale of the quest before others. I want to see how much you have learned." She then dismissed us.
As we went to bed, I asked Fatima about her relationship with Scheherazade. She told me she was born over a century later, but was fascinated by her tales. She, too, made a number of visits here, before she was given the offer. When she was captured by slavers, she took the offer and so escaped them. Since then, she has been honing her skill under her master, Scheherazade.
In the morning, they both helped me adjust my tale a little here and there. We went out to dinner at a place with a stage. During dinner, musicians played. When we finished dinner, Scheherazade signaled, and I was brought backstage. The musicians saw us, and closed their set at the end of the current piece. They took a break, and I was presented.
"Ladies and gentlemen, I have a tale for you. Observe and be entertained." I used my magic to create a fog-like screen behind me. I began my tale, and as the action changed, the fog changed to accentuate my story. I kept it simple to not distract, yet it was constantly changing in subtle ways as I talked. I concluded in about half an hour. I dismissed my screen, and said, "Thank you for the opportunity to tell my tale."
I was surprised when they gave me a standing ovation, including Fatima and Scheherazade. I left the stage and returned to our table. The musicians returned.
Scheherazade said, "I had wondered how, or if, you would illustrate your story. Well done."
"I have been practicing, ever since I realized a single color of sand was a poor excuse for a set."
"It worked well, and you worked it well. In fact, tomorrow, you shall return home."
Fatima chimed in, "Yes, I shall miss you. Your very presence has inspired both of us. You are warrior, mage, priest, and storyteller. You casually use your power to help, yet are humble. Something quite rare, even in stories. When next you pass this way, don't be surprised if you hear tales that include you."
Scheherazade finished with, "Yes, once you have been here, the dreamworld follows you. While we don't see what happens, your life feeds into what happens here. We always want visitors to have exciting and interesting lives, yet we know that living such a life can be difficult."
"That I know, for such has been my life ever since a goddess took an interest in me." I smiled at my memories. We chatted for a while, then went back to their home and our beds.
In the morning, Scheherazade said goodbye. Fatima brought me to the garden with Aja's statue. "All you need to do is touch the statue and will yourself awake in the real world."
We said our goodbyes, and I reached out to the statue. Next thing I knew, Rick and his son were hovering over me.
I said, "Rick, I am glad you made it out of the dreamworld okay."
"As am I. It was scary for a few moments, but then peace settled, and I woke. My son said I screamed just before waking. I wouldn't be surprised as I screamed at the end in the dream. You, however, look serene, as though you came back by choice."
"I did, at that. Have you heard of Scheherazade and the tales of 'One Thousand and One Nights'?" He nodded. "I met her as part of my next quest. She was there in the dreamworld, and taught me a bit about storytelling."
"I remember you telling me you are an actress. Think it will help you there?"
"I think so. Changing the wording won't be easy, but the delivery is under my control far more." Turning to the son, I asked, "So, how long have we been asleep?"
"Only a few minutes."
"I think I spent over a month in the dream. Well, in that case, as it is already evening, why not call it a day?"
"Agreed. Goodnight, son. Goodnight, Becky Sue."
"Goodnight, dad." The son and I left, and went to sleep in his place.
In the morning, as I was packing up, I noticed the amber Aja had given me in the dream now seemed to be real. I showed it to Rick, and he said to treasure it.
I headed back to Mogadishu by yet another route, and used the blessed sand several times. Once there, I settled into my apartment, and created a number of gems. Seeking out the markets, I converted them to cash that I banked, or more directly sold to a bank. I only did this a few days, but amassed quite a lot in that short time. While I did not get full value, I converted quite a bit. I put a large chunk into a local bank, and I presented the account to the university as a grant for archaeology. The rest went into an international bank account that I later consolidated with my other gem accounts.
In addition, I gave the vehicle to the department for their use. I shipped some stuff, and gave away other stuff, then took a flight home. I had a few layovers, and I took the opportunity to read about my 'vacation'. It seems I made a rather large splash. I was in two consecutive issues of Playboy; my costumes created a fashion trend of historical attire. My Cleopatra outfit sparked a big controversy over its accuracy. My adventure with the pirates made world news, as did my finding the lost city.
That last had also sparked a race to fund an expedition, with several famous institutions vying for the rights. My contribution to the department would allow them to have a greater say, I thought.
When I got home, Filipe showed me the magazines with the contracted articles, as well as a number of others. He also had newspaper clippings about me. The next few days. Filipe stayed home. We had lots of sex, and I told him some of my tales.
As expected, I was in demand for several movies. The one that got my attention the most, was a remake of the epic Cleopatra with Burton and Taylor. My lark in Egypt appeared to have paid big dividends. And my other outfits earned me the role of costume designer. They were going to film on location, with a huge cast of extras. They also wanted to use the original languages, with dubbing or subtitles for the other audiences. Additionally, they wanted it historically accurate. When I asked why they didn't have any scenes from before she was a queen, they responded that I was too old to play the younger woman. I suggested having Angel Sasser play the young Cleopatra, as she looked a fair amount like me. That prompted a script change, as she was brought on.
To help with the accuracy, I asked for Inanna's help. I asked her to show me what they looked like back then, both Egyptians and Romans. I used my illusion skill to create images of the people she showed me. Then I took pictures and photoshopped them to make them look like I had made them on the computer. I also taught Angel so speak ancient Egyptian, so she could speak her part realistically. While doing that, I was making a number of outfits for her and myself. When I learned who would play the male leads, I asked them to visit, so I could take their measurements. Meanwhile, with my images, the costume department made costumes for all but Angel and me. While I made the main outfits for the male leads, the department made the duplicates, as they would be wearing the same thing through most of the film.
As Egyptian clothing was generally simple, they used jewelry to show status. In addition to our clothing, I also made the jewelry. With Everest's power, all the jewelry was authentic material. I let others make most of the jewelry for others, but I made the most eye-catching jewelry myself. That meant the pectoral necklaces of all the Egyptian nobility.
When I read my lines, and Angel's lines, I asked how they were going to show that she was well-educated in many fields. I also used what Scheherazade taught me. Some discussion later, and some research, and the script went back for more edits. I told Angel I had a plan to make the movie even better. While we would have little sex on screen with men, we could tease, and be seductive all we wanted. With Inanna's power, we could make all about us turned-on, and the camera would see all those men getting erections. I would also use An's power to project regality.
Late in the evenings, I practiced with Aja's magic. I focused on cloth, initially; then on pearls. I started with small squares of linen. Unlike Everest's power, I could not just dismiss it, so I accumulated a fair amount of bad linen before I learned how to make good linen. Likewise, it took a while to learn to make good pearls. Once I figured these two out, I put all the test run material in storage as scraps for practice with other craft things. I went the extra mile with the pearls, to make them unique and imperfect in subtle ways, so they would be considered real. With this extraordinary supply of cloth, pearls, gems, gold, and silver, I was able to make numerous outfits for us quickly. As I completed outfits, I showed them to Inanna for her comment.
"Queen Inanna, here is what I have completed recently." I pictured the outfits and jewelry I had made. "Do they meet with your approval as being sexy, sensual, and all around hot?"
"Oh yes. It reminds me a little of our time in Kish. Being elegant, yet provocative."
I asked her for other ideas for outfits, and for how to finish some outfits I had in the works.
I also would call upon An when I was making my outfits.
"Lord An, I seek your advice."
"Speak, priestess."
"I am preparing outfits for a movie where I play a queen. Perhaps you remember Egypt's last queen, Queen Cleopatra?"
"I do."
"That is great. I know I don't look much like her, but clothes can state so much more. I am making clothes to play the part, but I want to show the markings of nobility she would have used. Special patterns on her clothes, certain jewelry, and even headdresses. If you can show me what she used, I would make duplicates for this movie. Additionally, as a queen, she had an effect on others around her. I wish to use your power to achieve the same in the film, so everyone would feel my nobility. As she is also sexy, I asked Inanna's help to properly portray that. Still, this is to be fairly true to history, and I want your input since you were actually there."
"You don't ask much, do you?"
"Who better to ask?"
"Quite true. Let me see.... Show me what you have, and your plan."
We got into a long discussion the first time I spoke with him about this, but he warmed to the idea, as I could show by example true nobility.
"Lord An, this movie also shows her life before she became queen. One of my daughters will portray her as a young lady. She lacks your power, but I can be nearby to help with that. Her nobility, however, is as an heir, not the actual queen. So I would like the same for her, but in her position as an heir. Oh yeah, she is also a priestess of Inanna, and I am sure she wouldn't mind a threesome with you." I felt his interest stir quite a bit at that last remark.
This brought on further discussion, and I learned a lot about royal succession, especially in Egypt. While I could not affect the script too much, if I could back it up with archaeological evidence, I could get bigger changes. When it came time to head to Egypt, I called John and Sally.
"Hello, John. Is Sally also there? Good. Put me on speaker."
"Hi there."
"Hello."
"I am about to make a movie in Egypt about her last queen, Cleopatra."
John said, "Oh! Nice. We saw pictures of your costume when you went on vacation. That is one big plum of a role."
Sally chimed in, "Yeah, and you got it so right. I know there is a controversy, but I am in the camp with you."
"Well, I had help from someone who was there."
Sally said, "Impossible. No one who lived then is still alive, so there is no way that could happen."
"Actually, that's not so. Remember when you pegged me as a priestess?"
"Yes..."
"Well, she was sort of there, at least in that time and place."
"... I had forgotten about that."
"I didn't. She advised me then, and is advising me now. I am taking the opportunity I have been given to show things as they really were."
"Oh my. What opportunity is that?"
"Sally, I have been made head of costume design."
"Shit... oops, sorry about the cursing. But wow. That could make this an epic in more ways than one."
"Don't sweat the verbiage, Sally. You're right, this could make a difference. And I have more."
Sally asked, "More? How could you possibly do more?"
"Well, I don't serve just one goddess. I also serve An, a god of nobility. He's going to help me show the nobility of the queen. I'm trying for a modern-day dramatization of that part of history, in as accurate a portrait as I can. Cleopatra was the earthly incarnation of the goddess, Isis. As a priestess with certain divine support, I think I can pull off an acting job so real, people will almost believe I, yes I, am her new incarnation."
John spoke, "Shit doesn't begin to cover it. I'm going to be seriously impressed by the recreations you will do, but my wife will be over the moon to see you in action."
"Wife?"
"Yes. Not long after you went on vacation, actually. Filipe came in your place, after explaining you were busy. Boy, were you - a lost city! I am so jealous."
"I have some private stories about that, that you might like to hear about. Including meeting Scheherazade."
"WHAT!"
"Yes, John, I met her in the dreamworld."
"Oh man, you get around."
"Yes, Becky Sue, I want to hear about that, too. Especially, the dreamworld. That is common to many societies, and in my work, I have had to deal with it, both as reported, and as dealing with those who believe in it."
"All the more reason to come."
We continued to talk for a while, and I wound up getting them a suite at the hotel I would stay at. I left them both salivating at getting to witness everything. I planned on giving John access to all my outfits and jewelry, along with explanations with any special meaning they had. I would also tell Sally about how nobility acted and other cultural information An was teaching me. I counseled both, that they couldn't use my information directly, but they could use it to look for evidence elsewhere.
We arrived in Alexandria, and the hotel we stayed at was sweet. It had luxurious appointments, including a huge pool. The first few days, I spent a lot of time with casting, helping everyone get used to their costumes. I also spent time with makeup giving advice on getting the right look. When Angel arrived, so did Jewel and the rest of their family. We spent the first two weeks running through the scripts, and getting the cast of thousands organized. I think we only had a few hundred, and would use assorted effects to multiply them. I started going about with a low-level projection of An's and Inanna's powers to get everyone used to the idea my presence would be like this.
John and Sally arrived the day before shooting began, and they were my guests to observe silently from behind the camera. We barely had time to say hello before I had to retire. Filipe, however, playing a lesser Roman officer, was not scheduled for a few days, so he enlightened them about everything that happened on the set. My initial scene was walking out of the royal palace and overlooking the city. I spoke with my adviser about the impending visit from Rome. Below us, the nearby crowd took note of us, and showed their fealty before continuing about their business. We did several takes to get the timing right with the crowd. Most of our outside takes were in the middle of the day. so that the sun would be directly overhead, reducing or negating shadow issues.
A few days later, Angel and I were scheduled to film in the actual temple of Isis for the scenes where young Cleopatra learns she will be the incarnation of the goddess, and the older one will declare herself so. Some repairs made, and models created for later special effects to cover the damage. We spoke the scene in ancient Egyptian, which most of the locals could follow, and all the key production could, as well.
Angel began, "Father, when shall I become the goddess?"
"Daughter, to me, you already are, but to others, you can only become the goddess if you become the ruler of our land. This will likely be when your brother assumes the throne and marries you."
"How will it happen?"
"You will head to the center of the temple, next to that shallow basin of Nile water, and declare before the priests and the people that you are Isis."
"You mean like this?" Angel headed to the center of the room.
"Careful, daughter, don't declare yourself just yet."
Angel sighed, and said, "Yes, father." She stood gathering her composure, and I started to crank up An's power from behind the camera. "I am Cleopatra Thea, Daughter of Ptolemy Auletes, who will be the New Isis when I rule." Just then, there was a minor earthquake. Not everyone felt it, but I did. I was surprised I did not feel any stress in the Earth like I did the last time I was in an earthquake.
"Careful, Cleopatra, it is not yet time."
The scene went on for a few minutes, and then it was my turn. We reset, and added cast, with priests, and many people for both the palace and the public in a big temple ceremony. Here, I entered at the head of a small group of priests, and we took up position in the center. I wore the ceremonial robes of Isis, a tripartite wig and vulture headdress. My eyes outlined in black kohl and green malachite, imitating the appearance of the goddess. I also wore an ankh from a museum that had been found here.
Cranking up An's and Inanna's powers, I said in a loud and commanding voice, "People of Egypt, I am your queen. I am also the New Isis." The earthquake came back, but was it one? It knocked a number of people down, but not the cameras. That's how I learned part of what happened after the fact. It started as the ankh started to glow. Shortly, I felt a powerful mind trying to overwhelm me. It was so strong, I had to focus all of my will on surviving. So much so, that I was blind and deaf, and unable to sense anything outside my body.
What others saw was the glow spreading from the ankh to my breasts, then to my whole body. My eyes closed for a bit, then snapped open, lightly glowing. My voice changed, becoming even more Egyptian sounding, and I said, "Alive again, after all these years. What a wonderful feeling it is." I then moved to look at myself in the basin. "What? I have four breasts? How has this happened? Has anything else changed?" Then I stepped back, waved, and a full-length mirror appeared. My body then rose a few inches, and I relaxed my limbs. My clothes then began to leave my body, each one landing upon a priestess' shoulder. A few minutes later, I was nude, but with all my jewelry still on. My wig and headdress also remained.
Floating over to the mirror, I looked at my body, touching everything, and my nipples popped out as I touched my vagina. "Oh my. I can nurse with these nipples! But my breasts have no milk." My eyes closed, and slowly my breasts expanded. Opening them, I again checked my breasts, and milk came forth from each nipple as I squeezed it. "Much better. This body has had several children, and is showing signs of age." She then went back to the basin, and leaned over it, so the ankh became wet. The glow from the ankh spread also to the water in the basin.
I then stood back up. "Nile, you are the source of life for Egypt, let this water renew me." My body then floated up and over the basin. Once there, I began to lower into it. That's when many people realized something supernatural was happening. The basin was maybe eight inches deep, yet as I lowered into it, I didn't stop at eight inches. My feet disappeared first, then my legs, my hips, and so on. When my head and headdress disappeared, everyone held still. A minute later, I arose from the basin, clearly renewed. I looked to be at least a decade younger, and the headdress looked even more vibrant. My makeup was even more pronounced: yet, I was clearly dry.
I then surveyed the people around me. I said, "My worshipers, I have returned. Bow to me, and receive my blessing."
Several of the locals did bow, mumbling things like, "She has returned as prophesied." But one there did not bow.
Angel strode forth, saying, "Who are you and what have you done to her?"
"You! You impersonator. How dare you dress as royalty." She then waved her hands, and Angel's clothes were torn apart, and every bit blown off of her. Her jewelry was also blown off, but left pretty much intact. "That's better. Dressed as a poor peasant. A much better place for you."
Louder, Angel said, "I repeat who are you and what have you done?"
"Impertinent one, do you not know your goddess? I am Isis, Wife of Osiris, Mother to and Wife of Pharaohs. I have taken this body as mine, and there is nothing you can do. Now go away." She waved, and Angel was hurled away into a bunch of people, who were knocked over.
Angel later told me what happened then. She called to Inanna for help. "Queen Inanna, we need your help. Someone who claims to be the goddess, Isis, has taken Becky Sue's body. I fear for her life. We need your help."
"That is a big claim to make. Especially as she has not been seen for eons."
"Look. She is close by."
"Very well... What? Impossible. How can this be?"
"Her role had her claim to be Isis, and suddenly, she was. Can you save her?"
"... No. I think I am strong enough to take on Isis, but in doing that, Becky Sue would die. She has her hooks too deep into her mind. Yet, I sense Becky Sue still fights. You must get her to let go voluntarily. What do you know of her?"
"Some, but not enough to convince her to let go."
"Hmm... Here are the major points about her." Suddenly, Angel was given a vision which taught her about Isis.
Angel thought about things a bit, then realized a possibility. By this time, I had walked to the temple opening.
I was rambling, saying, "What realm is this? Where are the farmers, the merchants? What are all these moving things? And those tall things. What are they?"
Angel got up, and walked next to me. "This is Egypt. People have changed. The city has changed. There are no more Pharaohs."
"You again. Will you never learn."
"You have stolen my mother's body. How can you claim to be a mother?"
This took me aback. "You question me?"
"Yes. Look at me, then at the body you took. I am her daughter. We are entertainers, and we are both portraying Cleopatra. I portray her when she is young, and she when Cleopatra is queen. The fact we are mother and daughter means we look very much alike, allowing others to imagine we are the same person at two different ages. You hold my mother hostage. Look into her for recognition."
"There is some similarity, but really. Very well, I'll look..." I then got a shocked look. "It seems you are right. Still, it is necessary. I shall make it up to you."
"What of my brothers and sisters? We are a large family."
I gave her a searching look. "Something will be done. But this city. It is not the Alexandria I knew. And you say there are no Pharaohs?"
"The tale we tell is the tale of the last Pharaoh, Cleopatra. Another empire rose, and took over the world. Cleopatra did all she could to save Egypt, and some think she could have succeeded. But it was not to be, and Egypt fell. With its fall, so fell their gods. You are remembered, but not really worshiped. So to, the others. Yet, Cleopatra is better remembered because she gave everything to save her people, and they knew it. The gods did not act in a way people could easily see, and so were not remembered as much."
"We cannot easily die. Even one worshiper can keep us alive."
"I know. But without people who worship you, is life truly worth living? Ask the others if you can."
I looked at her for a few minutes before calling out, "Osiris, husband, is this true?" After a few minutes, I called again, "Osiris! Answer me!" Getting a more desperate look, I cried out, "OSIRIS! GEB! NUT!" When there was no answer, I looked at Angel, and said, "Are the Ennead all gone?" I gave a sigh, then said, "What you said has merit." Then the glow faded, and I slumped and returned to the ground. Angel caught me.
When I came to, I looked into Angel's eyes. "Angel, what happened? Why am I so exhausted?"
Quietly, she said, "Are you truly back?"
Inanna answered us both, "Yes she is. Isis is no more. Again. I think it might be forever, this time. Angel, your words saved your mother."
"Thank you, Angel. I need to rest." Silently, in thought, I sent to Inanna, "Do you know why I am so tired?"
"Your mind resisted a goddess. Not an easy task. It might take a while to recover. Now sleep." I collapsed into Angel's arms.
The next thing I knew, I woke in my hotel bed with a big headache. Filipe was there holding one hand, and Jewel the other. "Owwww."
Filipe started, then said, "You're awake. What do you need?"
"I am hungry, thirsty, and have a massive headache. Think frat party, next day - times ten."
"That's bad. I've had a few. Close your eyes, and we'll take care of you." He released my hand, and I heard him on the phone, but was unable to understand anything through the pain. Soon, he fed me his hangover cure. It was actually rather effective at dimming the headache. Half an hour later, food arrived. All sorts of food. Angel brought some, as did John and Sally. Even as they helped me eat, they told me what had happened. Oddly, I seemed to recall everything they said, but nothing of the food. The food sent me back to sleep again.
After I collapsed, chaos erupted on set. Speculation was rampant, and Angel called for help. By then it was clear nothing would get shot that day. The director called it a day, and sent everyone back to hotels. Many left, but those who had bowed to me as Isis did not. They stayed for a while, and Angel had to explain that Isis left. John and Sally were furiously typing into their tablets, and a few others stayed to ensure I was taken care of. A doctor was brought in, and though he examined me, there was no apparent cause. Inanna told Angel I was not truly hurt, but physically and emotionally spent. I needed time. So Angel insisted they take me back to the hotel. I slept two days, and someone was with me all the time, and usually two or even three.
When Filipe or Angel had to leave for the film, John and Sally stayed with me. Now that I woke, and ate, a doctor looked me over again. I woke to being poked and prodded, and Filipe just said the company insisted. The doctor pronounced me okay, and that I could go back to work, but if I felt any weariness, or strangeness, I was to stop at once - at least for the next week. When he left, Filipe gave me the newspaper stories. While there was a lot of speculation over what had really happened, and the video of me disappearing into the basin and out, had everyone wondering, there was also, in smaller print, the news that I had other children.
Later, Angel explained she had to tell Isis in order to get her to let me go. That, and the fact the Egyptian gods were also gone. She hadn't given a thought to those who could hear her. When they heard the words, and looked at our naked bodies side by side, they realized we had to be related. When she was caught by a reporter, she acknowledged what she said, but told them she needed to talk with me before she would say more. Afterwards, she called Filipe and asked him to warn our kids. Fortunately, Filipe was able to contact them before the journalists and paparazzi did.
That night, I sent an email explaining the situation to my kids, and to Angel and Jewel. I told them our secret was out, and the decision before us was how we wanted to handle it. I put forth several possibilities, as well as an 'other' possibility. Filipe and I asked them all what they wanted. They wanted to let the secret out and let the chips fall as they may. I was rather surprised that everyone was okay with letting the news out. Two days later, Angel and I had time in the evening away from the set.
Filipe went and helped the girls' kids, while they sat with me in the hotel for a short interview. John filmed it, and Sally asked the questions. Sally began, "When did you find out?"
"When I first met Angel and Jewel, I wondered. Three of my daughters inherited my breasts. How would it be possible for two others to also have four breasts? So I invited them to my home for a weekend. I knew then, even though I had no proof. Later, we submitted to some genetic testing that confirmed everything."
Jewel added, "Angel and I met in high school. Our shared oddity made us instant friends. We thought of ourselves as sisters in spirit. We knew nothing of our true mother then. Like Helen, we found our way into acting. It was on a Mortal Kombat film that we met. Learning there was another like us, and older, was a shock. That weekend visit let us know we could be close friends, but it was much later when we learned the truth. Since then, we have grown closer. Not only to her, but to her children, our step-brothers and step-sisters."
"What of them? Why are they not part of this video?"
We had asked Sally to ask this. I answered, "Simple, really. The three of us work in film. Publicity, in some ways, is like our life-blood. However much we complain about it, we need it. It is part of our lives, and something we accept when we become stars. The others, however, did not choose to live as we did. They have their success in their own way, and the respect of their peers. Could I ask for more? No. They are happy in their private lives. They know the price of fame, and do not want it. I have worked hard to keep them out of the eye of the paparazzi. I want to keep it that way."
"Do you know how you came to have additional children? Everyone thought you had gotten fixed."
Again, another question I wanted Sally to ask. "Another simple answer, but unexpected. I was fixed, after my last child. But I went beyond that. Given how many people wanted me, and how they many said they wanted smart strong kids, I asked my doctor about donating my ovaries."
"What?"
"You heard me. I donated them. I won't say who, but they do know what they have. Angel and Jewel are both the result of eggs I donated. I suspect there are many others, but please, respect their privacy. We have chosen a public life, they have not. Or at least, not yet. Until they do, please leave them alone."
"What if they want to contact you?"
"I will alert my agent, as well as alert the folks who have my ovaries. If they ask, I will inform them what I know. If they want a test, I will give them that as well. I am their genetic mother, but not the one who raised them. They already have their own mother. I am a stranger to them. I won't seek them out, but I am fine if they wish to seek me out."
"I also have questions about what happened a few days ago, when Isis showed."
I answered, "You will have to ask others. I was out like a light the whole time she was in my body."
Angel said, "I was there. When I realized it wasn't Helen speaking, I had to do something. I knew a little about Isis, especially that she was a mother goddess, so I used that and our relationship to get her to release Helen. As you can see, it worked."
"Thank you all."
I said, "Our pleasure", and the others nodded in agreement.
John spoke, "And cut! Hey, watching you guys make your film, I had to say it."
"Think this will call the heat off?"
Sally replied, "Maybe not all the way, but it will help a lot. That you tell them you chose to live in the public eye will carry a lot of weight."
"Do you think we need to do anything else?"
"Not at this time. I will put this out there, and it will get airplay. I wonder if we can get any money for it?"
"You may not want to go that route, but if you do, I'll give you my agent's name. He knows who will pay good money, and won't be a problem later."
"Thanks."
"Yes, thanks. Sally and I will take care of it, so you can focus on your work."
We parted, and Filipe came back and told me all about Angel's and Jewel's kids. I smiled and laughed at their antics, remembering our own kids' antics.
When I had first realized that my body had lost a few years, I worried it might cause problems in the film, but it didn't. The most notable change was my breasts. There was only one scene that had closeups of them before the change, and that was the scene where I entered the temple to proclaim my being the goddess. The changes before could not be told in this film, as we had not yet done the bathing scene where it would be quite apparent. The changes in my face, were a little more evident, but the heavy makeup drew the eye, and so it was felt acceptable to do nothing.
Two weeks later, we reshot that scene, where I proclaimed myself to be Isis. There was no troubling earthquake, and it went off well. However, afterwards, I felt a little uneasy. The director let me go, and I returned to the hotel, and took a long bath. When Filipe returned, I just said I felt a little off, and wanted to sleep, so he had dinner alone while I went to bed.
When he came back, he was quiet, not wanting to wake me. When he came into the bedroom, that changed. I was naked, as he expected, and didn't have any covers, also as expected. What he didn't expect was for me to be floating two feet above the bed, lit by the light coming through the curtains.
He turned on the lights, then came to me and tried to wake me. He grabbed a shoulder and shook it, saying, "Wake up, wake up! Becky Sue!"
"I am Isis. Who are you."
"What? No. You are Becky Sue, not Isis. You only play her in a movie."
"You mean I am not Isis?"
"No, Becky Sue. Please wake up."
Suddenly, I woke up. The next moment, I fell to the bed. Shaken, I asked, "What happened?"
"You thought you were Isis, and were floating two feet above the bed."
"I remember dreaming I was her, and that I was flying."
"She is real. She may be gone, but you still seem to have something of her. I can't think of how else you could be floating."
"An's power lets me do that."
"The only time you did, you lit up like a Van de Graaff generator. There were no signs of sparks just now."
"I'll ask Inanna."
"You do that, I'm worried about you."
I could see he was really worried, and he was waiting for me, so I spoke rather than thought, as I called her. "Queen Inanna, something disturbing happened tonight." I wasn't sure if she would speak to us both, but she did.
"I see your fear, child, and your mate's fear, as well. What has happened."
"Today, we tried that scene again. The one where I declared myself to be Isis. I felt uneasy, so returned here. A few minutes ago, Filipe found me as I am, but floating above the bed in my sleep, and I was dreaming I was Isis and flying. Can you figure out what happened? Will she be back? Has she truly left?"
"I will examine you. Open your mind to me." I did. I could feel Inanna move about within my mind, then my body. Eventually it stopped, and she spoke. "You have another tattoo. An ankh on your chest."
We both looked at my chest and saw nothing. I was about to say so, when Inanna said, "It is purely magical, not physical. The ankh you wore the first time was no mere piece of jewelry, nor even a talisman. It was the seat of her being while she was dormant. Even though she has left, a portion of her power has transferred to you as a tattoo. The original ankh is now powerless with her departure, but apparently your new tattoo reacted to your thoughts of being her. In your dream, you were Isis and wanted to fly, so it gave you that ability, at least in part. I think she gave it to you on purpose, for it is clearly attuned to you alone. Not even in stories have I seen such a potent gift. It is almost a greater talisman. I think she sensed in you someone who can handle it. Yet, it is limited as well. I do not think it can do much physically, but its power is of the mind."
"But I was floating!"
"Yes. Not by a losing your weight, nor by being buoyed by air, but only by the power of your mind."
"I can levitate?"
"So it would seem. Have a care, though. Many saw you levitate as Isis. If you use this power, people will think she is still with you. That will get far more attention than you desire."
"Then I shall not levitate until none will remember, and maybe not then. Thank you."
Filipe chimed in, "Yes, Queen Inanna, thank you for easing our fears, and for protecting her."
Inanna had the last word. "Goodnight, and enjoy yourselves."
Filipe had just enough time to ask, "What did she mean by that." Then he knew. He was fully erect, and horny as hell. I was in no better shape, but sort of expected it. We went at it for a few hours before we finished, and slept.
The next day, filming continued as normal. When it came time for my presentation to Ceasar, I was in one of the most impressive dresses I had made. A local rug maker supplied the rug. I banked my aura until I was unrolled. Then, I blasted out Inanna's aura, and both the crew and cast were hit by it. I slowly added An's authority, even as I stood and walked over to Ceasar. While his armor hid his body's reaction, the assorted servants had no disguise. It was clear to everyone that I aroused them all.
The film had two bathing scenes. In the first, there were no males. I stood in the center, and ten attendants bathed me. As I was cranking out Inanna's aura, my attendants were cleaning me in a very sexual manner. They played with my breasts, and they fingered me. They also played with each other, and many orgasms were had by all.
My second bathing scene was the one where I am visited. Unlike the original, there was no screen separating us. My attendants were not quite as amorous, but my visitors could clearly see me having several orgasms. Two of the male servants of my visitors also lost it, and left with a wet spot between their legs. The sex scenes with the Ceasar, and later Mark Antony were quite explicit, and very potent.
Then there was the cast of hundreds. They used special effects to make it seem like a cast of thousands, but still, they worked with several hundred. Often, I was part of the scene doing something in my official capacity as Cleopatra. When I was not required, I usually stuck around behind the camera, still in my Cleopatra outfit. In both cases, I cranked An's aura to make the cast more controllable. It showed on camera, as disciplined masses following their Pharaoh.
Finally, the filming ended. Most of the cast left, but those who had speaking parts and could speak other languages went to a local soundstage where we began dubbing efforts. Without visuals to worry about, recording went far faster. I did fifteen of the languages, and I also used the auras there to affect their responses. More than once, women had orgasms, and guys came. As few expected this, it became a running joke that you should bring a spare set of clothing to the readings.
Some months later, Angel and I both attended the opening in our movie outfits, with full makeup. My breasts still had milk, and I often let fans have a taste when they took a selfie with me. Filipe was in his Roman outfit, clearly serving Ceasar. Mark Antony was also present. Both of the actors playing the male leads were shocked at our public display, especially my letting others taste my milk. The paparazzi, however, were taking pictures galore. What I had not expected, however, was the worldwide tour, Angel and I would embark on. The company asked us to do promotions in full-exposed costume. When Angel told me she was having a lot of sex, I told her that I was, as well, and it was likely Inanna using our sex to power the public's embracing of the movies. I could also feel An doing something similar, as I was given unusual deference as a queen when I went forth in costume.
When the reviews came out, I had another shock. Perhaps a third of them experienced an orgasm or coming as they watched. Most reported needing to make a booty call afterwards. The crowd-sourced reviews mentioned a lot happened in the theater during the sexual scenes. Perhaps most unusual, John and Sally told me they felt the auras when they watched the film. When I asked Inanna, she admitted to pumping up the audience, but that she had nothing to do with the aura in the theater. An just said he did not need that kind of help.
Another thing that happened since the filming was that quite a few young ladies contacted me through my agent or the ovaries donor company. Only a small portion had two breasts, but they wanted to know if they got their overblown sexuality from me. Genetic testing showed a number were my daughters. The majority, who all had four breasts, all turned out to be my daughters. All told, over fifty young ladies with four breasts turned up. I also got inquiries from a number of young men. Most, were shown to not be my sons. Early on, I made a questionnaire I sent to all who were descended from me. I had enlisted some help from a local university on how to write up the form which asked them about their sex life, drives, and other things. I wanted to know if having four breasts made a woman extra sexual, or if it was more based on environment. As more and more replies came, the correlation became stronger, until it settled to about point eight five.
That number leaked out, as well as the fact that none wore underwear, and suddenly, people sought my four-breasted daughters for sex. Some welcomed that, others did not. Seven decided to go to Hollywood. I made it a point to invite them over to meet me and some of my kids. Every one of them asked me for help and advice, both for getting into films, and also into having sex. I gave them a fair amount of information about the business to help them with their expectations. As for the sex, Filipe and I invited them for a threesome, so we could show them. I taught them both how to please men, but also how to please women, and to guide others into pleasing themselves.
When I was in the area on my worldwide tour, I invited the nearby kids to visit me. While we did not have time for any kind of training, we did get to know each other, and often their boyfriends, as well. When they asked about my public exposure, I told them that my fans expected it, and the authorities chose not to fight it, as long as it didn't get out of hand.
The time came for the awards. I was up for several. I won Leading Actress, Costuming, and Voice (for the dubbing). Additionally, I was part of the team awarded for a Historically Accurate Film. The film won quite a few awards, as well. The public's response also made records at the box office worldwide, not just in the States. With all the attention, and sexuality, it was inevitable that I was offered - and accepted - the role of Emmanuelle.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!