Watching gaming streams wasn't something she thought she'd ever spend time doing, let alone how much she had been lately. She couldn't help herself. She'd stumbled upon His stream three months ago, and she had been hooked by his voice. It was a strong, deep voice that made her tingle. It couldn't be helped that she had a thing for men's voices, they did something for her that was unexplainable.
He had become a friend over time. She was his first regular viewer, and chatted with him while he played. Lately her commentary had gotten flirtatious. He didn't seem to mind. So she kept trying to push just a little farther with each stream.
It worked out well for her since she was a shy, timid woman when faced with someone in real life, especially men. She hadn't even been on a date yet. Practicing her flirting with GanjaGamer89 gave her something to look forward to every night, and to be perfectly honest, fueled her x rated fantasies. The things she wanted to do with him would make a prostitute blush. It always went back to that voice!
"You seem frustrated Ganja." she typed into their private chat after he once again fell off the platform and growled. "Haven't gotten laid lately have you? Lol."
The Voice, as she called it in her head, keyed up his mic, "Well, no.. " he cleared his throat.
She began typing her words carefully, trying to rile him up without being too obvious.
Mm. Me either. I feel like I'd be less tense if I got laid, too. I know how you feel..
"Oh? What do you do when you get like that?"
She felt her pussy contract slightly. Was he asking her what she thought he was?
What do you mean?
"Well, you said you gettense. What do you do to relieve that tension?" His voice had gotten just a little deeper, slightly quieter in her headphones.
I'll tell you since you asked so nicely ;). I find a good story or video and, well, I relieve myself of my tension. You know what I mean.
She heard his voice catch, like he felt the mood too. Her pussy throbbed. Hurriedly, she typed,
What about you? Do you find something stimulating and get off?
A few beats went by before she heard his reply. His voice, slightly strained, "I suppose, I uh, do. I mean, sometimes you just have to.. nut." She absent-mindedly began rubbing her right nipple with her fingers, a vision of a faceless man with his cock in hand coming to mind. She squirmed in her seat. They'd never come this close to the line before, and at this point they'd pretty much walked across. It was exciting her more and more.
I'd love to see you get off. It's making me wet thinking about it. Does that make me bad?
She sent the message and immediately blushed. There was no way she'd have ever been able to say something like that to him if he were next to her. She hoped that her own hormones didn't just push away her online friend. Then, she heard a groan. It took a moment for her to realize it was him. Was he turned on too? Like, actually...
"You can't say something like that, Tulip." Another moan could be heard. His breathing... It seemed fast to her.
Why not? Is there a problem. I think it would be hot to watch a guy cum.
Again a moan came through her headphones. He really was getting turned on by what she said. She decided to keep going.
Does that turn you on? Are you imagining me playing with my bald pussy while you make yourself cum?
An even loader moan came through. She began tweaking her nipple more. Her pussy was fully soaked now. Her clit was begging to be touched, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. At least not until she went to bed tonight. She realized that the moaning she was hearing hadn't fully stopped. She could hear ragged breathing with low moans... She watched enough videos to have an idea of what he was doing.
Just think, I could cum right in front of you. I think I'd have a good time watching you. Ha. I'm so fucking wet right now just thinking about it.
His moaning got more intense. She knew he was getting off on their conversation. She looked up to see who all was listening to him stroke his cock, when she realized the chat was empty. He had made it private. His game was just as if he'd walked away from it mid stage. He obviously wasn't playing.. well he was, just not the game.
She kept on typing while she listened to him moan and gasp. She told him things she'd only thought about in the darkness of her room. Like how she liked to pinch her nipples while she played with her puss, how wet she was from listening to him, how much she wanted him to cum in her mouth.
You'd like that wouldn't you? Shooting your load down my throat. I feel a little slutty, letting you see what a perv I am. Tell me what gets you off..
She didn't have long to wait before his oh so sexy voice could be heard.
"Well, it's hard to talk about... I mean I am jacking off right now." A small grunt escaped from his throat.
Oh, I know. It's hot af! I want to play with my pussy so badly right now. Come on, tell me. I promise I won't hold it against you..
"So you're OK with me rubbing one out with you?"
Yes! It's making my pussy pulse. I'm in a super bad way right now.
"Fuck. That's sexy as hell. You're going to make me bust if you keep this up. "
You didn't answer my question. Come on, spill!
He chucked, "OK, ok. I get it." His voice was low and quiet as he went on, "I like watching porns. I read sex stories. Sometimes I'll jack off at work if a girl comes in wearing skimpy clothes, you know the kind, with tits and ass out on display. Especially if I can see nipples. I can't believe I'm telling you this!"
Porn hmm? Tell me more. Maybe it will help me along when I play with myself tonight.
"Oh yeeahhh." he moaned "You are such a dirty girl. Alright I'll tell you."
He went on to describe his porn habits in detail. One of his favorite videos was of a woman deep throating a man that had a similar sized cock as his. He liked watching women fuck each other, and sometimes men too.
"Maybe I shouldn't have told you that. Shit." his horniness got the best of him, and he'd told her something no one knew about. What if she was disgusted? He felt his cock soften slightly at the thought.
Corrie was intrigued. She never expected him to admit to something like that. Her pussy gushed with juices.
Ganja.. Men? Really? That turns me on, a little. Mmm. Ok it turns me on a lot!
Jack's cock hardened to stone when he read her message. A turn on? Was she really that open? A thousand images of a faceless woman watching while another man sucked him dry made him heave up. His balls couldn't take anymore and had to release his pent up lust. He wished he could see what Tulip looked like.
"AHH! FUCK!"
She knew what just happened. He'd shot his load. She could just imagine how his fat cock would pulse with every hot, thick stream of cum. His balls tightening as his orgasm washed over him. She could tell it was an intense orgasm by the sounds he was making. He grunted with every shot. Was he thinking about her bald little pussy when he came? Did he want to shoot his load all over her tiny chest? Or was he thinking about shooting it down her throat and making her swallow it all? Or, even worse, or better, was he thinking about sucking a man off? Being sucked off?
She wanted to touch herself so badly, her eyes were half closed with last as she imagined scenario after scenario in her mind. How would it feel to have a man cum inside her? She'd seen it in porns that she'd watched over the years. Would it feel as good as they made it seem? Her pussy was hungry to find out. For now though she had to be satisfied listening to the man cumming over the microphone.
There was silence for a minute or two. She heard his mic key up, "Tulip, I, um, don't know what to say... Are you angry with me?"
Of course not. You really have my motor going. Big time. I need to go to bed though. I have work tomorrow, and I have to be there early. Thank you for the show ;)
She disconnected before he could say anything. She felt a mixture of shame and extreme horniness. She needed to go take care of this immediately. Her pussy was practically crying. This was going to be one hell of an orgasm tonight!
Fifteen minutes later she was laying on her bed, ready to take care of the nagging problem her pussy had become. His moans echoed in her head as she ran one hand down her body to the wetness between her legs. She wassoaked. Her other hand began tweaking her nipple as she ran a finger between her sopping cleft and across her hardened clit. Her body jerked in reaction. He had really turned her on tonight, she had to cum, it was driving her insane. It wouldn't take much, she knew. A video was unnecessary tonight, but she was curious to see the type of videos he talked about. She reached for her phone and began searching.
What she saw made her gasp. A blonde man was on his knees stroking a dark haired mans huge rod. He began licking the hard cock that bobbed in front of his face. Her nipples hardened almost painfully as she inserted first one finger, and then another, her pussy clenching around them as she watched.
As the video went on she heard the man getting his dick worked on moaning. It was making her want to cum. He grabbed the blonde's head and pulled him in, making him take the entire length in his mouth. Fuck Fuck Fuck! Is he... yessss he was! The blacked haired man had his head thrown back as he unloaded his sperm into the other man's throat.
"Ahhhh!", her voice rang out in her empty bedroom. She was already so close. Her body jerked and writhed as she continued the onslaught. Her mind focused on what Ganja sounded like as he stroked his cock. She remembered the groans of pleasure he made, how hot it was when he came and just thinking about him watching this kind of video gave her a thrill.
Her body suddenly shuddered with the best orgasm she'd ever had. Being a virgin didn't stop her body from knowing pleasure. Corrie had been strumming her clit for years, after all. Her pussy rhythmically squeezed down on the two fingers busily moving inside her, her legs spread wide as the immense pleasure ripped through.
Finally she lay there, still. She giggled. She couldn't wait to tease him again. Maybe she would tell him how she got off after their last chat. She wondered how he'd react.