This is a four-part story of an encounter I had with a nudist girl and her family when I was home from college back in the 1990's. In Part 1, I meet Julie at a nude beach.
Other than some names and locations, what you are about to read is true.

. . . . . . . . . .

My toes sank into the sand as I strolled along the shoreline. After a year in New England for college, the Southern California sun on my skin warmed me like a blanket. I hadn't been to this beach since the previous summer, and I didn't realize how much I had missed it until I was back.
To the north, there were several trails to the beach, the San Onofre nuclear plant, and one of the premier surf breaks in California. But to the south, past Trail Six, it was all a nude beach, and there were naked bodies on the sand as far as I could see. Technically, part of the nude beach was on military property, but nobody cared back in 1996 - not the park rangers or the Marines.
As I strolled naked near the water, I could hear the sounds of volleyball being played nearby - the muted slap of a hand against the ball; the cheers when a point was scored; or the laughs when somebody ended up sprawled naked in the sand. I could hear the thumping of the crashing waves and the rolling sizzle as rocks tumbled against each other at the water's edge. I saw the shadow that my too-pale skin cast against the grey sand. Being a swimmer in Southern California, I was used to being bronzed year-round except for a Speedo-shaped band of pure white around my butt, hips, and cock. After a year in New England, swimming inside and being bundled up against the cold and snow, the band of pure white covered my entire body.
Despite my winter complexion, I looked pretty good naked. Being a swimmer in college, and being just 19 years old, I was in solid shape. I was tall, lean, and muscled with strong shoulders and washboard abs. I was circumcised and above-average, though I was no porn star. Of course, most of my friends were also swimmers and in great shape themselves, so I never thought of myself as being all that attractive.
During my naked walk, I noticed some of the regulars. There was Derek, the guy that surfed with his black Labrador retriever and never seemed to get naked. Then there was Nate, the guy that always wore board-shorts and a trucker-hat, and always tried to get girls to play naked volleyball. As I passed by them naked, I wondered why they came to the nude beach if they never got nude. Fellow naked beachgoers were meandering along just as I was - couples holding hands, groups of nervous topless girls giggling at every exposed penis they saw, and single guys hoping to meet somebody.
I guess I was one of those single guys. Not by choice. I used to come to this beach with my high school girlfriend - it was her idea, actually. But once high school ended, so did our relationship. That wasn't going to keep me from coming back to my favorite beach, though. Not only was the surf good, but I had gotten so used to being naked at the beach that wearing board-shorts felt weird.
I was just about to end my walk and go for a swim when I saw a what looked like a naked girl around my age walking toward me. It was rare to see a naked college girl at the beach, unless she was with a boyfriend or a large group of girlfriends. This girl, though, was walking alone. She had long blonde hair and an all-over honey tan that told me this wasn't her first time at a nude beach. Her legs were slender, her hips were gentle curves, and her firm breasts bounced high on her chest as she walked happily along the sand. As I got closer, I saw a broad smile on her face, pink nipples on her breasts, and smooth skin between her legs.
"Hi," I said, as I got closer.
"Hi!" she replied in a cheerful voice.
"Beautiful day?" I said, trying to sound more confident than I felt.
"Oh, it is. Looks like you haven't seen the sun in a while, though," she said as she moved her eyes over my pale naked body.
"Haha, yeah," I laughed. "I go to college back east. I'm home for the summer, visiting my family. What about you?"
"I'm actually home from college too," she said. "But I go to ASU, so I get plenty of sun year-round."
"Must be nice! Man, I hated the snow."
"I bet. So, you're from around here then?" she asked, hopefully.
"I am. I was born in Los Angeles, and my parents kept moving farther and farther south every few years. I went to high school in Irvine, and when I went away to college, my parents downsized and moved to San Clemente. Now they live just a couple exits up from here. Where do your parents live?"
"Well," she began. "My parents live in Dana Point. They just moved out here while I was away at college, kinda like your parents, except we used to live in Florida. My parents wanted to be closer to me while I was in college, but still close to the ocean. So, they moved here when I started at ASU."
"Wow," I said. "I can't imagine my parents moving across the country just to be closer to me while I'm in college. I don't even know that I'd want them to," I said with a chuckle.
"I know what you mean. But we're really close. And it's great to be able to see them without having to fly across the entire country."
"That makes sense," I said. "I'm Will, by the way."
"I'm Julie. Nice to meet you Will," she said as she held out her hand.
We shook hands and smiled at each other. I didn't really know what to say or do next. Here I was, naked, talking to a pretty, naked girl that seemed completely at-ease with the entire situation. Meanwhile, I was starting to feel the swelling and tingling of an erection. Julie glanced down at my growing cock and smiled.
"So, uh, ah, are you, uh, here with anybody?" I asked, as I moved my hands to shield my erection before it got any bigger.
"Nope. You?"
"Haha, no. I wish." I didn't know what to say next. "I was going to take a swim..." I said, my voice trailing off into an unasked question.
"I'm getting kind of hot, actually," Julie said as she examined a bead of sweat that was rolling between her perfect breasts and down her flat stomach.
"Well, uh, would you like to join me, Julie?" I asked.
"Yeah, I'd love to, Will," Julie said with a smile. "Race you!" said Julie as she sprinted into the water.
I ran behind her, my growing cock bouncing in front of me as I enjoyed the view of Julie's firm legs and ass. I hit the water and dove over the oncoming rush of a broken wave. I loved the feeling of being in the water naked - of being surrounded and touched everywhere. I popped up out of the water to see Julie several yards behind me.
"You swim like a fish!" she exclaimed.
I smiled. "Actually, I'm a swimmer in college. So, yeah."
"That explains your body. It's really nice."
"Oh, thanks," I said as I could feel myself blushing. I wanted to give her a compliment without sounding creepy. "I think you look fantastic."
"Thanks, Will. You're sweet. I used to run track in high school. And as a nudist, well, I try and stay in shape."
"When you say nudist...like, full-time?" I asked.
"Well, yeah. That's why I'm here. Aren't you?"
"Kinda. I mean, I started coming to this beach in high school with my girlfriend. Even though we broke up when I went off to college, I still love this beach so I had to come back. But she's the only person I've ever been naked with, and this is the only nude place I've ever gone. Like, my parents know that I surf here, but I don't think they know it's a nude beach. At least, I never told them."
"Oh," said Julie. She sounded a little disappointed. "Why haven't you told your parents?"
"They'd freak out. Like, there is no way. They would think I was gay or something."
"You never know unless you try...and what's wrong with being gay?"
"No, nothing's wrong with it," I said with a slight panic in my voice. I wasn't gay, though I had thought about it before. "It's fine. It's just that I'm not. And family just isn't like that. I can't really imagine my parents naked, either."
"Well," said Julie, "I am glad that you at least discovered nudism. Who knows, maybe this will become more than just fun at the beach for you," Julie said with a wink.
"Maybe. I mean, maybe when I am out on my own. It could be pretty cool. But what about you? You said that you're a nudist. So...?"
"So yeah, I'm pretty much naked all the time, except at school or in public. I've been to nudist beaches and resorts all over the place - Florida, Arizona, and here. It's just how I live."
"That's awesome," I said as I imagined all the different ways Julie could be naked.
"Yeah, it is."
"What do you do when you visit your parents, then?"
"What do you mean?"
"Like, you can't go nude at home..."
"Of course, I can, silly. That's the point. They're nudists, too. That is how I became a nudist. I was raised as a nudist."
I was a little surprised. There were some nudist families that congregated near the volleyball courts, but they had little kids so it didn't matter if they were naked or not. Julie was the first person I met my age that was part of a nudist family. I think Julie saw the wheels turning in my head as I took in what she had said.
"It's totally natural," Julie began. "At least, it is for me because I am so used to it. I think it keeps my family closer. And I couldn't imagine living any other way. I plan on being a nudist for the rest of my life."
I wanted to respond, but I was still rolling over in my mind what Julie had said. "I think that's really cool. It's different than my house, obviously, but it sounds awesome. And hey, I could imagine living naked."
"You could?" asked Julie as she moved a little closer to me. Our bodies bobbed up and down in the water with the incoming swells, and I felt her leg brush against mine.
"Yeah. I mean, I could. With somebody like you." As soon as I said it, I knew it sounded cheesy.
"I figured you would say something like that," Julie said as she smiled.
I could feel her hand on my hip, and then it moved to my cock, briefly holding it gently under the water. Before I could think, Julie moved in and gave me a quick, but firm, kiss on the lips. Then she laughed as she splashed me and swam away. Without thinking, I caught up to her almost immediately. I pulled her against me, her back against my chest, my hard cock pressed between the curves of her ass. I kissed the back of her neck as my arms wrapped across her breasts. Then, suddenly, we were underwater as a large wave rolled in. We both came up sputtering and laughing, with saltwater dripping from our noses.
"Julie, are you okay?" I asked as I reached for her.
"I'm fine. I just got some water up my nose. Don't look!" Julie said as she turned and wiped away the stream of saltwater dripping from her nose.
When she was done, Julie floated into my arms and wrapped her legs around my waist. Her arms encircled my neck, and we kissed like familiar lovers. Our lips parted and our tongues met in a mixture of ocean water, saliva, and teenage passion. I don't remember how long we kissed - I just remember suddenly feeling shy. I had never been naked with a girl since my high school girlfriend, and now I was suddenly making out with one in public. Julie sensed my bashfulness and broke off our kiss.
"Will," said Julie as she looked me in the eye, "I like you. I know we just met, but there is something. You're not like other guys I have met."
"Do you meet a lot of guys at nude beaches?" I asked, instantly regretting it.
"Well, actually, yes." Julie's body stiffened a little against mine and she started to pull away. "Most of the guys I've dated I met at nude beaches, or at nudist resorts, or through family friends. But that doesn't mean I make-out with every single one of them, or that I let them rub their hard cocks against my ass."
"No, no, that's not what I meant." I was worried that I had screwed things up before they even began. "It's just. I like you, too. And this is just new to me. I mean, I've never done anything like this before."
"You've never kissed a girl?" Julie asked, arching an eyebrow.
"What, no. Of course I have kissed a girl."
"Have you kissed a guy?"
"What? No." I was surprised by the question. I had never kissed a guy, that was true. But I had thought about it before. With all the guys in speedos on the pool deck, or naked in the locker room, it was impossible not to be curious.
"Well, I have kissed a guy, and it wasn't so bad," Julie said with a laugh.
"That's different," I said. "You're a girl. You're supposed to kiss guys. Have you ever kissed a girl?"
"Maybe," Julie said, a hint of teasing in her voice.
"Maybe?" I could feel my cock starting to get hard again under the water as I imagined Julie naked, with another girl.
"Wouldn't you like to know?" Julie laughed.
"Yeah, I would!" I said, eagerly.
"Well, maybe one day I'll tell you." Julie leveled her eyes at me. "Will, are you a virgin?"
"No." I was startled by the frankness of question. "No. I actually lost my virginity to my high school girlfriend. She's the one that took me to this beach. Though I haven't really had a girlfriend in college, so it's been a while."
"Well, began Julie, "before you ask, no, I am not a virgin. I lost my virginity a little bit younger than you. I was thirteen."
"Oh." That seemed a little young to me, but I brushed it aside. "And now, do you have a boyfriend, like, back at ASU?"
"No, I'm single at the moment. But maybe you can change that," Julie said with a smile on her lips and light in her eyes.
"So long as I don't say anything stupid to screw this up?"
"Just be yourself and you won't. I know you're not a nudist like me. At least until I convert you." Julie's voice was soft and comforting. We just stood there in the water, her legs still wrapped around my waist, my erection slowly softening, and our bodies swaying up and down with the rhythm of the ocean.
"We should probably get out," I said reluctantly.
"Yeah, especially now that you're no longer hard," said Julie as she slid her ass down over my shrinking cock as it floated behind her.
"Hey, not fair!" My cock started to stir again.
"What?" Julie replied in a mocking tone. Then she leaned in, gave me a kiss, jumped off me, grabbed my hand, and started walking to shore. "Come on, I'm getting cold. And I only have a couple more hours before I gotta head home. I promised my parents I'd be home in time for dinner. We're barbecuing."
"Oh, okay."
"Maybe I'll have you over for dinner sometime."
"I'd like that, thanks. Though grilling naked seems kinda dangerous..." I said with a smile.
"True. That's why my dad wears an apron," Julie said very matter-of-factly.
We walked back to where Julie had lain out her towel. I don't know if she was totally unaware, completely lacking self-consciousness, or did it on purpose, but Julie bent down right in front of me, fully exposing her pink, bare pussy and asshole. I know that I shouldn't have, but I totally stared.
"Earth to Will?"
I was busted. "Yeah?"
"Could you, you know, put some of this on my back?" Julie asked as she held up a bottle of suntan oil.
"Um, sure. But I think I need it more than you." I could actually feel the heat on my white shoulders.
"Well, I'll make you a deal. If you do me, I'll do you."
"It's a deal! But I left my stuff closer to the fence-line. Can I run and get it, and sit with you?"
"Nope. Sorry."
"Oh." I was totally bummed, and somewhat surprised. I thought we had a connection, and now it felt like I was being rejected.
"You are too easy to tease!" Julie said, laughing at me while giving me a peck on the cheek. "Let's just gather up my stuff, and we'll walk together."
We gathered up Julie's towel and beach gear and walked to where I had left all my stuff. The best part of the walk was holding hands with Julie, knowing that people were thinking, "How did that guy get so lucky?"
"This is quite the set-up you have here," Julie said as she saw my beach blanket, umbrella, cooler, and surfboard.
"Hey, I come prepared. What can I say?"
"I like it when a guy comes," Julie answered with a wink and a smile. "Now, I want some sun before I head out. How about that sunscreen?"
Julie laid down on her stomach, rested her head on her forearms, and closed her eyes. Her golden hair was damp as it clung to her graceful neck and shoulders. Her smooth ass curved upwards like a hill from the valley of her lower back. Her legs were long and firm. Her skin was like silk under my fingertips. As I applied sunscreen to Julie's back, I massaged her shoulders, kneading her muscles and rubbing out knots.
"Easy, Will. A girl could get used to this," Julie sighed.
"That's the point," I replied as I kissed her lightly on the cheek.
I resumed my sunscreen massage, moving down Julie's back, pressing my palms and thumbs into sore spots along the way. I could feel Julie relax under my hands. Her breathing slowed, and she gave assenting murmurs of pleasure as I continued.
"Do you want me to, ah...?"
"Do my butt? Please," Julie giggled.
My hands went from her lower back to the base of her spine, then to her hips, and finally to the arch of her ass. I massaged in earnest, not wanting to seem too eager to just touch her naked ass. Besides, we were back on dry land, and I didn't want to get an erection again. As I worked my way down Julie's ass to her legs, Julie rocked her hips and parted her thighs. Was this an invitation to touch her more? Or was she just helping me put sunscreen on her. I wanted to touch her so badly, to slide my hands between her thighs and caress the lips of her smooth pussy. I had never really touched a girl's asshole before, but I wanted to touch Julie's. Actually, I wanted to kiss it, to slide my lips and tongue from her asshole to her clitoris and drink her in. I didn't do any of that, though.
"I think you're done," I said as I gave Julie a light clap on her naked butt.
"Oh, so soon?" Julie said, softly. I couldn't tell if she was tired, relaxed, satisfied, or disappointed.
"Yeah. You're pretty well-covered, I think."
"I'll say. That was wonderful. I assume you want me to do you, now?" Julie asked as she twisted on her side, exposing her round breasts and hard pink nipples.
"You can do me anytime," I said with a smirk.
"I'll remember that, Will." Julie laughed. "Now lay down."
I laid down on my stomach and suddenly felt Julie's weight on top of me. When I massaged Julie, I just kneeled next to her. Julie though, straddled my hips, sitting her naked ass down against mine.
"I hope this is okay. I'm not too heavy, am I?" Julie asked.
"No, no. You're fine. I'm good."
"Good. Now let's get you covered. I think I'll use sunscreen for you instead of tanning oil, though. Don't want this back-east skin to get all burned."
Julie's hands started at my shoulders, first covering me with sunscreen, then massaging me the way I massaged her. I was in heaven. I was naked, at a nude beach, with a naked girl on top of me, giving me a naked massage.
"Easy, Julie." I said. "A guy could get used to this."
"That's the point, Will," Julie said with an audible smile.
As Julie continued the sunscreen massage, I could feel myself melt under her hands. Her touch was so comforting and intuitive. It was like there was a direct line between my brain and her fingertips because she always seemed to touch me in exactly the right spot. Julie's weight shifted a little as her hands moved to my lower back, and I could feel a wetness against my bare skin. I wondered if Julie was getting as turned-on as I was.
"Will, I'm going to do your butt now. Trust me, a sunburn there hurts more than you can imagine. Especially if you have to wear clothes later."
"Sure, okay," I replied weakly.
Julie slid off my body and positioned herself between my knees, which forced me to spread my legs wide. I didn't realize it at the time, but this gave Julie an intimate view of my asshole. It was a good thing I shaved.
"Just relax, okay?" Julie asked as I felt her hands on my ass.
"Okay."
Julie's hands immediately went to work on my ass, and at first, it felt a lot like a massage as Julie rubbed in the sunscreen and kneaded my muscles. After a few moments, Julie's hands rested on my ass, one on each cheek, and I thought she was done. Then something changed. Julie shifted behind me, causing me to spread my legs even wider. Her hands moved again, gently, almost tentatively.
"I love this view," Julie said as she pulled my ass open, exposing my asshole.
I could feel her fingers sliding between my ass cheeks, brushing against my asshole. I had never felt anything like it before, and my cock became rock-hard beneath me. Julie's fingers fluttered over my asshole and taint, sending bolts of tingling sensations through my entire body. I started to lift my hips up each time a finger passed over my asshole, eager to experience a firmer touch.
"This is going to feel a little different, okay?" Julie asked.
"Yeah, okay." I was so far gone with new pleasure that I would have said yes to anything.
Again, Julie's hands pulled my ass open, and then something wet and soft circled around my exposed asshole. At first, I had no idea what it was, and I realized that Julie was licking my naked asshole. That realization alone almost sent me over the edge. Julie's tongue and lips kissed, sucked, and probed my virgin asshole. Each time she slid the tip of her tongue into my asshole, I raised my hips up to meet her, to feel a deeper penetration. I completely forgot that I was at the beach. I just knew that I wanted more. I could feel Julie shift behind me again, and suddenly her lips were against my ear.
"Lift your hips up, just a little."
I complied. Julie snaked a hand beneath me and grabbed my rigid cock in one hand. Precum leaked onto her fingertips, which she used to slide her hand slowly up and down my smooth shaft.
"Oh, god, yes," I moaned.
"Do you trust me?" Julie asked.
"I do."
Julie didn't say anything. I just felt a hand back on my ass, and then fingers back on my asshole. I felt the pressure of a finger, two fingers maybe, against the opening of my asshole.
"Relax, and take it," Julie cooed. Her fingers teased my ass while her other hand worked my cock. I relaxed, and as soon as I did, Julie's fingers slipped partway into my asshole. This was a wonderfully foreign feeling of over-stimulation. I couldn't decide what to focus on - the feeling of Julie's petite hand gliding over my cock, or the feeling of her fingers entering deeper into my ass. Julie began fucking my asshole with her fingers. Her fingers slid in and out of my asshole, deeper and deeper, over and over again. My hips moved in concert with her fingers, pushing them as far into my asshole as they could go. Soon, Julie developed a rhythm between her hands, my cock, and my asshole. All I could hear was the ragged sound of her breathing and the wetness of her hands on my body.
"Fuck, I'm going to cum."
"Cum for me, baby. Cum for mommy," Julie said in a husky voice.
I didn't know what to think about hearing Julie say "mommy", but it didn't matter. I had crossed the line, and my body tensed as every nerve center seemed centered on my cock and asshole. My cock swelled in Julie's hand, my asshole tightened around her fingers, and I shot a rope of semen onto the beach blanket.
"Holy fuck," I said as my body started to relax. "Where did you learn that?"
Julie took her hand off my cock and withdrew her fingers from my asshole. I flopped down onto the beach blanket, right on top of a wad of my own semen. My cock was still thick and full beneath me, and my asshole felt used and empty. I honestly didn't know what to think about what happened, other than nothing like that had happened to me before.
"Where? Well, you know how I told you that I lost my virginity when I was thirteen? It was with somebody older and more experienced, and he taught me a lot." Julie paused. "Is that okay?" she asked as she laid down next to me.
"Yeah," I replied. "I mean, I certainly didn't expect that, but I am totally okay."
"Good." Julie kissed me on the cheek. "I didn't want to push you too far, too fast. I just, well, I couldn't help it."
"No, it's okay. Really." I paused. "You know that you called yourself, ah, 'mommy' when I was cumming?"
"Yeah. Sorry. I mean, was that not okay?" There was concern in Julie's voice.
"It was fine. Just different. But no, yeah. Just. That was amazing. Really."
"Good. I'm glad you liked it, because I loved it."
"Really?"
"Of course." Julie propped herself up on her elbows, and I could see that her pink nipples were hard. "Why wouldn't I enjoy it? It was super hot."
"But you didn't cum or anything like I did," I said, confused.
"That's okay. Really." Julie saw the look of disbelief on my face. "Will, really. And if you feel badly about it, you can help me cum the next time we go out. Deal?"
"So I can take you out sometime?" I asked hopefully.
"You better," Julie said in a serious tone. "Now, let's get some sun before I have to head home."
"Okay, deal."
Julie and I spent the rest of the afternoon together. We relaxed in the sun, strolled along the beach holding hands, took another dip in the ocean, and even played a game of naked volleyball. When it was time for Julie to leave, I decided to leave with her so that we could walk together. At the parking lot on the bluff above the beach, Julie gave me her home phone number.
"Call me," she said. "And we can do something next weekend."
"Absolutely. Do I have to wait for the weekend, though?" I asked, my eagerness obvious.
"Yeah, sorry. I have a summer job. But maybe we can have a beach day again, and then do dinner or something after?"
"That sounds fantastic. I'd love that, Julie."
"Good. Now, I gotta run or I am going to be late for dinner. Call me."
"I will. But, can I kiss you first?" I asked.
"Does this answer your question?" Julie said as she leaned in for kiss.
As Julie and I kissed, I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her tightly against me. Even though we were clothed, I could still feel the subtle curves of her body. I didn't want our kiss to end. It was urgent and gentle, and as our lips pulled away from each other, they still seemed tied together. Julie giggled as she saw a thin line of saliva, like a thread from a spider's web, stretched between our lips.
"Okay, okay. I really gotta go," Julie said as she stepped out of my arms. "Call me later. And I'll see you again soon."
"Yeah you will. I owe you, I think. That's part of the deal, right?"
"Yeah you do," Julie said with a twinkle in her eye.