About a week later, Raheem and his girlfriend Nik were at home. She was on the phone with a client, growing irritated. "No, I don't accept slut cards. If you want to kneel naked at my feet, you will pay for that service."
After she hung up, Raheem smiled at her. "Do you get that a lot, now?"
"Since the Katrine Moody video. It's a lot easier for guys to get slut cards now, apparently."
"The idea that you could try to pay a dominatrix with a slut card is hilarious. They figure they get the same thing if their number comes up or if it doesn't. And it never occurs to them that the domme needs to actually get paid somehow."
In the casual way that couples do, they continued to share their thoughts about the now-famous video. Raheem said he thought that Pines seemed like a creep. Nik agreed, but was more interested in the business than in the personality of one person. She told him that she had been thinking a lot about both the video and slut cards.
"I'm pissed off at that company, too. How could they reject T?"
"The first roll-out of slut cards was really just a way of getting attention, and they were trying to appeal to the average customer. They gave out cards to the absolute hottest people in the world, and a ratio of about ten women for every man got one." Nik said.
"But now it's easier for guys to get them? I wasn't paying attention to that dynamic value talk at the end. Did you actually understand that part of the video?"
"I was doing some research on it. By the way, I think you should get one," Nik said.
Raheem looked up from his dinner in surprise. It was his night to cook, so he had made a veggie lasagne and a side salad with dried cherries and orange slices. They were both sitting on a couch, facing the computer that they used as a TV. Nik was in a dramatic set of silky pyjamas and had her still-damp hair up in curlers. "Really?"
"I think it would be good for you. You said you've been worried about falling off the balance beam, right? You're about to graduate your fancy law school. After that, you'll spend almost a year clerking at the Court of Appeal. You're a long way from being that entertaining pervert who was poor as dirt but dressed like a Muslim version of Jimmy Stewart."
Raheem paused in consideration. "The balance beam," he mused. It was his word for an eternal question. "I dress like an accountant, but I am shacked up with a dominatrix and seek out sexual adventure at every opportunity. I have been wondering if being a lawyer pulls me over to the side of normal, boring people?"
"I think that getting a card, and using it every once in a while, will help you feel like you're still connected to your roots as a sexual outlaw. Imagine how shocked people will be to look at you, in your little khaki pants, whipping out a slut card."
Raheem smiled with a distant look in his eyes. Then he shook himself. "My problem is that I don't like taking it in the ass."
Nik smiled at him a little.
"At least, not unless it is a special occasion."
"That's the beauty of the new dynamic value thing. In the new system you can select a list of things you won't do, even if you lose. The dollar value of your time goes down, but it allows for more control."
"I'll think about it." Raheem said. "Let me get these dishes washed."
* * *
Still ambivalent, but willing to give the card a try, Nik and Raheem went to a nearby mall during its adults-only hours.
Just to remind you: this was a long time ago, so there were no adults-only malls and only a few adults-only stores. What was more common was for the regular malls banned people under 18 during Thursday nights, which allowed for people to use slut cards or buy sex in other forms. Movie theatres would show porn movies, and furniture stores wrapped sofas and beds in plastic so that prospective customers could test out fucking on them.
Raheem looked over at the stall with the Hitch logo, and then turned away. "I just remembered that I was going to try to get one of those silicon baking mats," Raheem said to Nik. "Do you think the Kitchen Stuff Plus is open?"
"I'm sure it is. Do you want to get your card first, or..."
"I said I would get the card today. I'm not using it today." He said, then looked at her with a bit of pleading in his eyes. "I'm still not sure about this."
Nik nodded, patiently.
They arrived at the large store, packed with all sorts of domestic odds and ends. Garishly coloured bath mats and oven mitts hung or racks, along with single-use gadgets like avocado slicerd or various different variations of garlic press.
Given that it was adults-only hours, it was not entirely surprising that there was also a woman prominently displayed naked on one of the central display points. A sign above her head said "Free for ten minutes with any purchase over $30. Additional time: $20/ 15 minutes. No anal."
"Well, this is a nice bonus," Nik said, her eyes predatory as she stared at the woman. "I bet I could convince them to let me try out some of the kitchen stuff on this unfortunate shopper."
Raheem, knowing Nik's love of using everyday items in nefarious ways, smiled at the thought. "It's not like you want to fuck her; just see how you like swinging a spatula against her ass. Shouldn't count towards the time limit."
The woman's eyes widened. She had pale skin and seemed to be about thirty-five years old. Her clothes were probably behind the counter, so it was hard to guess what she normally looked like, aside from the fact that she wore her straight brown hair in a simple ponytail and wore only a bit of eyeliner and lipstick as makeup.
It clearly alarmed her to hear the seemingly wholesome couple discuss spanking her with a spatula.
Raheem was wearing ironed slacks, with a grey grey button-down shirt. He also wore a blue and green bow tie and matching suspenders. With his horn-rimmed glasses and his neatly parted hair, it was shocking to her to see him openly leering at her.
Nik was also dressed conservatively, in a knee-length skirt with a matching half-sleeve jacket in olive green. Her blouse underneath was a floral pattern, so she looked more like a housewife or a schoolteacher than a professional dominatrix. Her hair was coiffed expertly, curled and set in an attention-getting style, but she wore only a little makeup.
Her wholesome outfit made it seem even more unsettling when Nik began picking up wooden spoons and swinging them experimentally through the air.
"Um, I think you can't try things out without buying something first," the naked woman said, fearfully.
Raheem had wandered off somewhere, and Nik was pointedly ignoring the woman, looking around for a worker in the store. She now had a pizza cutter in her hand.
"Excuse me," she said to a clerk in an apron with a name tag.
"Yes?" the clerk said.
She put the pizza cutter back down and picked up one of those long rectangular cheese graters, not the box kind but the one-handed ones. "I see you have a slut here; I was thinking of using some of these things on her. Is it okay if I give these gadgets a little bit of a test run?"
"You want to use a cheese grater on her?" He said, a bit confused but not apparently overly concerned. "I mean, the only condition she put on was no anal. But there is a general rule that we can't leave marks or bruises. I think a cheese grater will be too much."
"Oh, I see. But if I wanted to use this, for example?" Now Nik was holding a long, flexible bamboo rod. It made a wicked swooosh sound when she whipped it through the air. The woman with the ponytail gasped and her eyes widened.
The store employee turned to look at her, smiling at her discomfort. "I don't see a problem with that at all," he said innocently.
"Please? Please don't." The pony tail woman stood still but trembled slightly. She seemed genuinely afraid.
Nik turned to the store clerk and they both burst out into laughter. "Oh, this poor girl," Nik said. "How much longer do you have her for?"
"Just until closing. She was trying to spend a few hundred dollars, but we can't keep anyone past closing."
"Has she been fucked much yet?" Then, turning to her, Nik put on a mocking expression. "Have you, darling? Have you been used terribly by all the mean boys and girls?"
Seemingly relieved that the bamboo switch was back on the shelf, the woman shook her head silently.
The clerk answered for her. "Actually, no. It has been pretty dead in here. I'm going to take a break in a half hour, and I'll fuck her then, but so far one guy made her suck him off and a lady came in and played with her tits for a few minutes." The woman's eyes widened and she looked over at the clerk when he mentioned that he would be fucking her in a half hour. She seemed to tremble a little.
At this point, Raheem walked up with a bag containing his silicon baking mat. "I didn't hear shouting, so I guess you weren't allowed to spank her."
"Oh, I could have, but look how scared the poor thing is." Nik and Raheem both paused and looked into the woman's eyes. She trembled a bit and gazed at the floor. "I decided to be merciful. Are you going to use your ten minutes?"
"I should, shouldn't I? Wouldn't want to waste it." Raheem started circling around the naked woman, whose knees were now shaking visibly. "Any suggestions? Fucking her for just ten minutes wouldn't be particularly satisfying. Maybe I should give her the spanking you promised her."
The woman had screwed her eyes shut and seemed to be trying not to listen as Raheem and Nik talked about her.
"Don't worry about fucking her, there's a hard-working employee over there who will take care of that on his break. Maybe spank her a little and see if you can make her cum with your fingers. I'll watch the clock." She took out her phone and set a ten minute timer.
At the first blow of Raheem's hand on her ass, Nik tapped start. The woman's eyes flew open and she gasped. "What's your name, slut?" Nik asked.
Smack! Raheem's hand connected with her other ass cheek. "Darla!" She said, shouting it as the blow landed.
"That's a nice name, isn't it Raheem?"
Smack! "It is, sweetheart. She's a lovely little slut, too. Are you looking forward to when the clerk over there uses his break time to fuck your brains out Darla?"
Darla whimpered, looking over at Raheem who had his hand up and was waiting for an answer. "Um, no?"
Instead of another spank, he lowered his hand gently and grabbed a handful of her ass. "No? But why use the slut card if you don't want to get used like a slut, Darla?"
Nik, staring at her phone timer idly and enjoying the show, said "That's a good question, Darla. You really should have expected to get fucked by the clerks if you used the card. After all, they get so few perks in a job like this."
"Frankly," Raheem said "It's kind of selfish that you didn't think about them." Suddenly, his hand moved with a startling blur as he landed a rain of light but rapid blows on her ass in a continuous rhythm. Slap-slap-slap-slap-slap...
Nik looked into Darla's agonized face as she tried not to cry out. "Is it true, Darla? Are you a selfish little slut?"
"No! Ow, ah! NO! I'm not selfish. I promise. Please!"
Raheem's rhythmic spanking stopped as suddenly as it had begun. His hand went back to gripping her now warm and pink ass cheek. "So you'll say thank you to the nice man after he fucks you? You're going to be a grateful little slut when he finds the time in his schedule to use you and dump his cum in your tight little pussy?"
"Yes. I will," she said, softly.
"How much time left, Nik?" Raheem ran the backs of his fingers over her pink and tender ass cheeks, then grabbed the inside of one thigh to pull her legs slightly wider apart. Darla stumbled, but Raheem grabbed her shoulder and she ended up half standing, while leaning back against his chest.
"About eight minutes."
"Do you want me to touch your pussy, Darla?" Raheem whispered in her ear. Her back was against him and he let one hand slide up her side to cup her breast. The other hand still held her inner thigh.
She winced at the pressure. "You can do whatever you want with me," she said in a small voice.
"Oh, I know THAT." Raheem smiled, and increased the pressure on her inner thigh, earning a gasp. "But do you WANT me to touch you?"
"I'm not sure she does, Raheem. Maybe we should just leave her here."
"Or, I could spend the eight minutes spanking her and playing with her tits. That would also be fun."
Darla closed her eyes and shook her head slightly. Raheem could feel a bead of wetness that had run from her snatch down her thigh and onto his knuckle. He pretended not to notice and instead began fondling her nipple. "Yes," Darla said, very quietly.
"Yes what, my dear?"
"Yes please. Please touch my pussy for me. I've been standing here naked with everyone staring at me, I had to suck cock in front of everyone. I'm going to get used by that clerk on his break, and it's making me so horny. I'm so wet and you've been so mean to me. I just want to cum. Please let me cum!"
Raheem smiled gently. "Oh, poor Darla. Was that so hard to say?" His hand released her thigh and he slid it upwards to her smooth pussy, incredibly wet from her long ordeal. He dipped his index finger inside her to moisten it and then began slipping it across her clit in tiny circles.
Darla's muscles collapsed and she immediately began moaning. She lent back against Raheem's chest, held up by his arm around her that was still fondling her breast. She begged him to push harder, craving firm pressure against her clit and pelvic bone. He obliged, and as Nik watched avidly, Raheem edged her ever closer to an earth-shattering orgasm.
"Five minutes left," Nik said at one point, as Darla's face began to flush red.
Darla began quivering at the four minute mark, and by the three minute mark she
was practically convulsing. The sounds she was making were no longer intelligible, just grunts and sobs.
At two minutes, Nik stepped close to Darla's naked body, writhing against the fully-dressed Raheem. Nik's mouth drew close to Darla's ear as she whispered "You don't want to run out of time, do you dear? You had better cum for him right now, or else he'll leave you here unsatisfied. Only a bit over a minute left now, Darla."
At this, Darla's orgasm started. Nik stepped back and looked back at her phone.
Darla tensed up and screamed at the top of her lungs, bringing in shoppers from the main thoroughfare. Mercilessly, Raheem did not let up. He continued rubbing his fingers across her clit as she ran out of breath, and then hoarsely drew in another lungful as she shrieked and shook out a single long, continuous orgasm.
"Thirty seconds left," Nik said, as a good-sized crowd gathered around Darla, some men visibly stroking themselves through their pants. One of them grabbed a knife set and went off running to the cash register.
"Ten, nine, eight..."
Darla's eyes were wide open as she realized that Raheem was going to keep her orgasm going to the last moment. She begged incoherently "I can't... it's too much."
"five, four..."
"God, oh god, I can't!"
She could.
Only after Nik reached "one," did Raheem finally release her swollen pussy, raising both hands above his head like a triumphant gymnast. There was scattered applause from the small crowd.
Darla, legs made of jelly, stumbled to her knees and then put her hands before her and collapsed to all fours, breathing heavily and periodically twitching as the aftershocks continued through her system.
"Well, that was fun," Raheem said, stepping away and picking up his baking mat.
Nik and he began walking out of the store as the purchaser of the knife set positioned himself behind Darla, still on her hands and knees. "So, what do you think?"
"You're right as always, dear. Let's go to the stand over there and get me signed up for one of these delightful cards."