Jenna is my girlfriend. I say 'girlfriend', but it's more of a 'friends with benefits' arrangement. The benefits, however, exceed the normal, as you see, we kind of use each other. Not in 'used and abused' kind of way, but more of a mutually beneficial kind of way. You see, separately we're not very adventurous. We keep to ourselves and never stray outside of the bounds of 'normal'. However, put together we let the other push us to do things that we otherwise wouldn't, or embolden each other to try to one up the other.
This leads us to tonight. Jenna had come to visit me in my dorm for the night. It was the weekend, and a lot of the people here didn't live that far away, so many of them were gone for the weekend, including my roommate. Jenna had arrived early in the evening and decided to change into something more comfortable than the jeans she was wearing, which she complained were a bit too tight. She had pulled them down and sat on the bed while struggling a bit to get them off completely when the was a knock at the door. I quickly opened it up, and standing there was John, the guy from the room directly across from me. Jenna let out a quick gasp as she reached back, clutching for the sheet to cover her. John looked over to see what the sound was, seeing her stretched onto her back, finally finding the edge of the sheet, which pulled her shirt up ironically revealing more of her stomach, legs with feet bound by a jumble of jeans, and accentuating the low-cut bikini cotton panties stretched over and revealing every contour of her pussy lips. She flipped the sheet over herself a second later, and looked over and John, who was standing transfixed in the doorway.
"Um... hi!" she said, giggling while covering her mouth with her hand, trying to hide her embarrassment and amusement with the predicament she was in, legs feet, and bunched up jeans sticking out of the sheet and hanging off the side of the bed.
"Uh... hi?" He echoed out, thrown off a bit from why he came there.
"Oh, that's Jenna, my girlfriend. She's just here for a day or two." I said matter-of-factly, as if she didn't just flash her panties at my neighbor.
"Hi!" he said again to her and pulled his eyes to me, trying not to stare. "Uh, we were going to watch the game in our room tonight" he said, motioning over his shoulder to his room" ... uh... both of you can come, of course ... if you want." he added.
"Thanks for the offer. Uh... maybe. We'll see how things work out later." I said, slightly nodding to Jenna to indicate that she may have other ideas.
"Oh, yeah, of course." He stammered out. "Maybe I'll see ya later, then!"
"Thanks, again! See ya!" I said.
"Bye!" Jenna said, waving while clutching the sheet, as I closed the door. "Ass!" she added. "You knew I was changing!"
"Why do you think I opened the door so wide? Besides, you loved it." I said, grinning as I did.
"You know I did." she said with a big smile.
Bending down to her feet, I grabbed the bottom of her jeans and pulled them off her as she tossed the sheet back, treating me to a nice view of her panties as she stretched back on the bed. "Please tell me you brought that short skirt of yours with you." I said, hopefully.
"Of course I did. I know how much you love it." She said as she hopped off the bed and rifled through her bag only to pull out the skirt in question and holding it up as evidence of its existence.
"Perfect. Why don't you wear that and we'll go grab something to eat. Maybe it'll be a little breezy out there!"
"Oh, I like the way you think!" She replied, giving a sly grin as she pulled on the skirt. It was a light flowing skirt that was just long enough to cover, but tantalizingly close to exposing her panties any time she moved. "How do I look?" she asked.
Pulling her close, sliding my hands up the back of he skirt to grab her cheeks and pull her close as we kissed, "Like I said, perfect" I answered.
A couple hours later and we're walking back into the dorm building. Dinner was great and we had a few drinks, but were just a bit buzzed. Jenna wasn't as bubbly-happy as she tends to be, so I asked her "You ok? You seemed to enjoy dinner."
"Oh, I'm fine." she responded, adding "I just was looking forward to some 'accidental' exposures like before when you put me on display for your friend."
"Well if that's what you're looking for" I began "then I've got an idea that I think you'll really like."
"Is that so? And what do you have in mind?" she said as we finished ascending the stairs, about to push through the door to my floor.
"First things first." I stopped her "We both had a LOT to drink tonight."
"What do you mean? I feel fine." she replied, confused.
"No... We're really drunk. We really shouldn't have drank that much." I said, emphasizing with a gesture towards the hallway.
"I think I get where this is going, but are you sure? I mean, you have to live with these guys for the rest of the semester, at least. I mean, I'd walk in there naked if I thought I could get away with it, but I don't want to make your life complicated."
"That's what the drunkeness is for. Tomorrow we can claim to not remember a thing, and they'll pretend like nothing ever happened."
"Sounds like a plan. Ok... " she said, shaking her arms out as if loosening up for a run. "Let's do this!" and we pushed through the door into the hallway, staggering a bit, and pushing off walls for balance. We had drank some, and it was just the right about to still be totally aware of what we were doing, but with just enough looseness to be able to exaggerate convincingly. As we walked down the hallway we could see the door across from mine was wide open and the sounds of a football game playing on the tv. Jenna nodded towards the door, eyes asking "that's where we're headed, right?" but I shook my head a pointed at my door. She was a bit confused but when we got to the door, she fell against it and punched in the lock code, slowly. I held onto her, as if to steady her as the door opened and we both practically fell into the room, managing to just barely keep from falling onto the floor. I turned around to closed the door, glancing across the hall to see three guys, John, Bill and Greg, all looking our way taking witness to our 'drunkenness'. John and Bill lived in that room, and Greg was their friend from down the hall who you would swear lived in that room too, if you didn't know better.
"Perfect! They got a good look."
"They didn't get a 'good look' at anything! Why didn't we just go in there?" Jenna questioned.
"Preparations! Plus right now you're obviously able to walk. You're nowhere near drunk enough!" I answered, probably eliciting more questions. "Ok..." I went into our fridge and took out two bottles of rum and a jug of iced tea. One of the bottles of rum was nearly finished, so I took a swig of it and handed it over to Jenna "drink up! You'll want to be nice and relaxed, but not too much." She gave me a confused look before downing the rest of the bottle, which admittedly wasn't that much, but was at least another shot's worth. I took the bottle back from her when she was finished and filled it back up halfway with iced tea.
"What on earth are you doing?"
"Well, it's no fun if we're actually fall down drunk, but the more they think we are, the more we can get away with, and the more bold they'll be!" I answered.
"You're so devious. I love it!"
"Now. Take off that top and your bra and put on a t-shirt."
"Oooh! Yeah! Good idea! I think I have just the thing..." she said as she flung off her shirt and bra and dug into her bag, pulling out a shirt. Holding it up to herself she asked, with a big grin "How about this one?" She was holding a grey ribbed cotton t-shirt that seemed like it would be too small. Holding up one finger in a 'one second' motion she pulled the shirt on, which was apparently quite stretchy and clung to the curves of her breasts, but only came down to an inch or two above her belly button. Her nipples were obviously erect and stretching the material around them as if the shirt was painted on.
"Almost too perfect! Now... Hmm... Ok. You wait a few minutes, then come across the hall. I'm 'going to the bathroom' and you were going to 'go to sleep', but came looking for me. Ok?"
"Why not just go over there together?" She asked.
"I has to be believable. I mean, really. Do you want to watch a football game?"
"No, I don't." She answered.
"Right, so they're not going to believe you actually wanted to go there to watch a game, but if you just come looking for me they'll believe it and they won't expect you to pay attention to it, which will leave you free to play your own game, as it were" I explained.
"Ok, I got it. Enough planning. Let's do this!" She insisted.
"Agreed. We'll play it by ear from here. See you in a few minutes!" I took her face in my hands and gave her a big kiss. "Now. Out of sight!" I shooed her to the side as I picked up the two bottles, shuffled them a bit so I could open then close the door, and staggered across the hall. "Hey guys!" I said, walking over to a chair to sit as return greetings came my way. "I brought you guy some rum! Jenna and I have been drinking straight from this one" I said, shaking the iced tea bottle "but this one's for you guys." I added, putting the full bottle on the table as I plopped into a chair.
"Very cool!" John said, picking it up and opening it, then added to Bill "Bring your cup over." and Bill obliged, having a decent amount poured in. Greg similarly held out his cup to have his coke supplemented by some rum. John then poured some for himself before closing the bottle and putting it back down on the table. "Jenna's not coming?" he then asked.
"She was going to go to sleep. Football's not really her thing." I answered and took a swig from my 'rum' bottle.
It was about 10 minutes later that my dorm room door opened and Jenna came staggering across. "Oh. There you are. I thought you were just going to the bathroom." She said to me, with a fairly convincing drunken slurryness added.
"Well, you were going to sleep. I wasn't tired yet, so I figured I'd watch the game!" I tried to match her acting as best I could.
"I was, but I was hoping we could ... before I did." she left out key words, but I knew what she was getting at. Planting the idea in their minds.
"Could what?" I asked with a drunken confused look on my face, playing dumb.
"We'll talk about it later. Give it here!" she grabbed the bottle from my hand and passed by me, just to my peripheral and flopped back onto the couch right between Greg and Bill, legs spread a bit in a move perfectly executed to flip up the front of her skirt and flash her panties at the room. She laid back with her eyes closed for a few seconds, no doubt reveling in the gazes of the three guys in the room, whose eyes were all fixed on her.
I pretended to follow their gaze over to her as slowly as I could. "Uh. Jen?"
She opened her eyes, looked at me put on a confused expression and said "What?" she feigned. I swung my arm out to motion at her panties causing her to look down and explain "Oh!" and flip down the front of her skirt, ending the show, for now. "Sorry about that!" she added, but didn't close her legs together.
"Oh, that's ok!" Bill said, trying not to sound too excited. Jenna's skirt was just barely low enough to not expose her unless you leaned down a bit to look, so they were at just the perfect position to tease the room, along with her exposed tummy, and obvious breasts, nipples straining to break free from the fabric that held them back. She could not look any more fuckable but still have clothes on if she tried.
Jenna took a swig from the bottle and grimaced a bit at the 'rum' and asked "Football, eh? This game important, or something?"
Bill answered saying "It's the Wildcard game."
Jenna paused for a while before replying "I have no idea what that means. I just like watching them run around in their uniforms." Took another swig of the 'rum', passed it back to me, and flopped back on the couch.
Several minutes passed with general banter about the game and football in general. Bill and Greg kept glancing down at Jenna's breasts. Nipples still pointing proudly against the fabric. John managed to 'accidentally' drop chips on the floor on two separate occasions so that he could kneel down to clean them up, conveniently with a view right up Jenna's skirt.
Jenna let out a yawn, then, patting both guys on either side of her rather high on their thighs. said "You guys don't mind if I lay down, do you? I'm really tired."
"No, not at all." Greg said, and they started to get up, but Jenna held them back.
"Don't get up. You can be my pillows." and she pivoted on her butt, and layed down on her back with her head squarely in Greg's lap and draped her legs across Bill's. Greg put his arm across her stomach, as there wasn't room for it anywhere else, and Bill had his somewhat awkwardly across her legs. "That's much better." She said, closing her eyes and adding "just need to find a comfortable position." and she proceeded to squirm her head in Greg's lap, no doubt grinding into his cock as she did. Her legs moving back and forth on Bill's lap were surely doing the same thing. She let out a sigh before settling down, but would fidget every so often I'm sure to keep her 'pillows' from getting too soft.
From the position she was in, Greg still had a great view of her breasts, but Bill had a great view up her skirt, as her maneuver to lay down caused it ride up a bit, and it barely covered her.
I let a few more minutes pass, and I'm sure she was enjoying every second, knowing that Bill was staring right up her skirt. Then I made an expression as if I just came to a realization, turned to the couch, catching the guy's gazes quickly jut back up to the screen, and said "Jen, you didn't take those sleeping pills the doctor gave you, did you?"
She waited a few seconds, no doubt processing what I was saying before replying "Well, I was going to go to sleep. You were supposed to be right back."
"You know you're not supposed to take those when you drink!"
"But I have trouble sleeping." She replied.
"Well, I don't think that'll be a problem tonight." I said and she let out a moan of agreement, closed her eyes again and fidgeted around some more in the guys laps. I let a few more minutes pass by before saying "Jen, did you fall asleep? ... Jen!" I rolled out of my chair to kneel on the floor next to her on the couch. "Jenna!" I called again, shaking her shoulder, pretending to try to wake her. She played along and feigned sleep. "Damn. She's going to be out the rest of the night. A bomb blast won't wake her up once she's taken those pills, and especially not after drinking. I just hope it's not too much."
"I'm sure she'll be fine." John added, reassuringly.
"Probably." I said, "but I'll have to keep an eye on her for the next couple hours to be sure." I let my gaze fall to her breasts and stared at them for a few seconds before reaching out for them. "Damn, her tits are glorious." and I cupped one in my hand and rubbed it slowly, taking my time to enjoy it. Then I raised my hand in a 'one second' gesture, then brought my finger to my lips as if I was shushing them for a secret I was going to tell. "But this..." I reached down and pulled up the front of her skirt. Her panties, revealed to the room, stretched across her mound as if it was painted on. I ran my hand over it, rubbing the front. "This is something else." And I reached lower, curving my fingers between her legs. Her panties were soaked and were coating my fingers in her fluids. I pressed them against her as if trying to push them inside her. "She loves it when I play with her when she's out like this. I tell her everything I did to her and it gets her so horny." I 'admitted', then brought by hand back to my face, gave a good sniff, then kissed my fingers in an italian-like 'delicious' gesture "Magnificent!". I reached down and put her skirt back into place then pointed at each of the guys on the couch "Can you two watch her for now, since you're right here?" I questioned, knowing they'd watch her like hawks even without the 'danger' of her mixing booze and sleeping pills.
"Sure! Of course." Bill responded.
"Thanks!" I said as climbed back into my chair and turned back to the TV, leaving them just in the corner of my sight, just enough to make out what they were doing, but with my 'sloppy drunkenness', I was surely completely oblivious to them. "What did I miss?" I asked about the game, as if I didn't just feel up my girlfriend in front of the room. I would make the occasional comment about what was happening in the game, just to strengthen the illusion as time went on.
It wasn't long before Greg had raised his hand up her body some and was rubbing her breasts slowly, so as not to make it too obvious. Bill tentatively raised her skirt up to get a better view before putting it back down in a position to leave her panties exposed so that Greg could see them, as well. A couple minutes later and he started rubbing the front of her panties. I spit out a comment about the game, just to make them jump, and to reiterate that I wasn't paying attention to them at all. Bill slowly moved her skirt back down, but then his hand slid underneath. He didn't move for a minute or two, but then he started rubbing her again. Jenna was no doubt in heaven with two guys groping her while she lay in their laps, while simultaneously in hell, having to 'be asleep' while she no doubt wanted to moan and squirm. She loves the anticipation and the slow deliberateness of this kinda thing, so it was right up her alley. Bill's arm shifted, in a direction that could only mean one thing: He was now fingering her right there on the couch. I couldn't see, but there was no other reason to reach in from that angle. A few minutes of him slowly fingering her passed before he pulled his hand out, sniffing his fingers. Greg moved his hand from her breast, and leaning over slightly was able to slide his hand right down the front of her skirt as he, too, rubbed Jenna's pussy, trying to be as nonchalant about it as possible. I couldn't tell if he was above or underneath her panties, but he had to reach to get his hand low enough and he wouldn't be able to get more than the tips of his fingers in her, not to mention that it was quite obvious what he was doing, if I just looked over there, so after a few seconds he pulled his hand back and placed it on her chest below her breasts so he could assess the situation again and make sure everything was fine. Bill wasted no time and, once again, his hand was up her skirt and he was slowly fingering her. Greg also upped the ante by reaching up her shirt to rub her breasts directly, though he was having some trouble keeping the shirt from riding up and exposing her, which would have made things even more obvious than they already were, so he settled for above shirt petting.
After several more minutes of this Jenna tensed and both hands shot back to their positions. She just came from Bill's manipulations, and that was quite a feat for her to keep it to just that. I slowly turned my head in her direction, looking concerned. "She doing ok?" I asked.
Greg looked down at here and pretended to assess her, as if he didn't just literally have his hand on the pulse of the situation a few seconds earlier. "She's doing fine. Probably just a dream."
"I should probably bring her back to our bed ... " I slurred out as I rolled out of my chair again onto my knees. "... though I probably shouldn't be attempting this." John, who was sitting there the whole time at the perfect angle to witness everything that was going on, was no doubt stewing as he wished he could join in. He valiantly still managed to engage me in idle banter about the game, no doubt to keep me distracted. I decided to reward him. "John, can you get her legs, and Greg, get under her arms." Greg sat her up and maneuvered such that he slid his arms under hers, ready to pick her up. John picked up each leg from Bill's lap and put a leg at each side of his hips, and the two of them lifted her up. Invariably, her skirt was pulled by gravity up her legs and rested at her hips, giving John a view directly between her legs at the wet spot of her panties. The two awkwardly walked her across the hall as Bill came along to 'help out' and opened the door to my room. I followed behind, leaning against the walls for support. They sat her down on the bed and were about to lay her down, but I stopped them. "Wait, better take off that shirt. She loves that shirt and she'll kill me if it gets damaged with her sleeping in it." They all looked at each other as if they didn't believe what they just heard before Greg grabbed the bottom of her shirt from behind and started lifting it up. John lifted her arms up so that Greg could continue, and her glorious breasts bounced down into view, there for the room to see. Greg put the shirt on the chair as I added "The skirt, too. It'll get all bunched up and she likes to be comfortable when she sleeps."
"Ok." John replied as he seemed to be figuring out what method he'd use. "Pick her up." He directed at Greg, who once again put his arms under hers and lifted her up. John got down on his knees in front of her and looked around the skirt for the mechanism that would release it. Finding a zipper on the side, he unzipped it, then reached his hands around her to slide the skirt over her butt, putting his face inches from her pussy, no doubt smelling delicious. He paused there for a few seconds as the skirt dropped to the floor before coming to his senses and grabbing her legs so the two of them could lay her down in the bed.
She lay on the bed on her back with only a tiny pair of panties between her and complete nudity in a room with four men who were, no doubt, extremely aroused by the sight. "Thanks, guys. I'll talk to you later."
I said, not wavering my gaze from her.
"Uh... yeah sure... no problem." and words to that effect came out of them as they moved out of the room, struggling to tear their eyes away. I closed the door after them. "They're gone." I assured Jenna.
Her hand almost instantly snapped into her panties and she began playing with herself frantically "That was great! Bill was fingering me right there on the couch!"
"I saw!"
"Greg, too, though not for long."
"Did he manage to get a finger inside you?"
"Just barely, but for a few seconds there he was right against my clit. I nearly came from that alone!"
I positioned my head between her legs, pulled her panties aside, revealing her fingers as she pulled them back to give me access and I began licking at her soaking lips, Pausing for a second to say "tell me more!"
"I came from Bill fingering me! Oooh, it was sooo hard to restrain myself. I was rubbing their cocks, too! Greg's was at the side of my head. I kept rubbing it against my cheek as if it was my pillow. And Bill's was against my calf. I kept adjusting my position and moving my leg against him. It's so much fun teasing them!"
"Speaking of being teased..." I said as I moved up, reached down to pull my shorts and underwear down before leaning in to enter her, thrusting in, slowly, right down to the hilt.
She let out a groan of satisfaction "God, I've been craving your cock all night. Fuck me!" as I began pistoning into her. "I can't believe you felt me up right there on the couch in front of them. That was awesome!"
"I wanted to get them going. They probably would have held back more if I hadn't. They usually never do anything sexual in front of each other. I needed to break the ice."
"Don't you guys always talk about all the sex you're having?"
"Nah. We don't really talk about that. It's all kinda left implied."
"Oh, well, then I guess it's good you did, though I kinda wish you would have slid your hand in my panties and fingered me, too."
"I definitely thought about it, but that would have been a bit too far, I think. In any case, it got the message across." I continued to thrust into her as I felt the inevitable come a bit quicker than I had hoped, but a night's worth of visuals made it hard to hold off. "Here it comes!"
"Don't you dare pull out." She demanded. "Fill me up!" she commanded, and I did. As I fell to the bed beside her, she moved her panties back into position. She loved the feeling of wetness and the way it would slowly drip out of her for hours. We lay there for a pause, staring at the ceiling before she asked "They wouldn't have done much else, would they have?"
"I doubt it. Not in front of everyone else. No way they would have started whipping out their cocks or anything like that. This isn't some kind of porno."
"God I wish it was." She trailed off. "You should go back over there." she said, matter of factly.
"Why?"
"You don't want to miss the game, do you?"
"I barely even know what the score is."
She looked me dead in the eyes, a devilish smile came across her face. "You don't want to miss the game, but you're so concerned about me. You should send them over, one at a time to ... 'make sure I'm ok' ... right?"
"Heh... yeah." I understood, smiling in recognition. "Who knows what they'll do with you when they're all alone!"
"Well, I hope they're not little wimps about it."
"We'll see... Should we take off those panties?" I questioned.
"No. I like the feeling of them wet with cum clinging to my skin. Plus I want to actually have to get past that barrier, to... unwrap their present. Adds to the anticipation. Speaking of which, I'm gonna lay back. you cover me with the sheet. It's a little more believable that you'd cover me up, plus the reveal they'll have to do will have more impact than me just lying here."
"So theatrical, even when pretending to be comatose! I love it!" I joked and cover her with the sheet. "Enjoy your sleep!" I joked and gave her a kiss.
"I'm hoping to have some rather vivid dreams!"
Picking my bottle of 'rum' back up I did a mock toast "Here's hoping!" and took a drink, then proceeded across the hall, best staggering drunk impression in full swing, and plopped back down in my chair.
"How's she doing?" John asked.
"So far, so good." I responded.
"Too bad she fell asleep on you. Seemed like she was looking to have some fun with you." Bill quipped.
"Oh! Is that what she meant?" I feigned. "Eh. It doesn't matter. I had my fun anyway." I stated, matter of factly.
"Really? Just now?" Bill seemed surprised.
"Oh, yeah. Remember? She loves it when I play with her when she's out. In the morning, she'll still be leaking, and it gets her so horny that she often wakes me up to go again."
"Leaking? You're not worried about getting her pregnant?"
"Oh, no, she's got an IUD. We could all dump a load in her and she still wouldn't get pregnant. In fact... yeah! That's what I'm gonna tell her happened. She'll be horny all day wondering if it actually did happen." I let that one linger in the air while letting my gaze drift off to the distance before 'noticing' the TV. "Oh, what did I miss? What's the score?"
Broken out of their no doubt naughty train of thoughts, they quickly got back to talking about the game, but they were obviously distracted, and it was quite entertaining pretending like I had no idea what was going on. I let a few minutes pass...
I let out a bit of a groan of annoyance "I should probably stay with Jenna for the next hour or so. I don't know what she was thinking with those pills. ... I don't wanna miss this game, though."
As if on cue, John piped up in ever the helpful tone "Oh, man, you've already missed so much of the game. I can go keep an eye on her for a bit."
"Would ya? You don't mind?" I added in a hopeful tone.
"Oh, not at all. They've got enough of a lead for now. I won't miss much." John responded, dismissive of the 'imposition' I was asking of him.
"Cool! Thanks, man!"
"No trouble at all." he added before heading across the hall, closing my door behind him.
A good twenty minutes passed before he came back.
"She's still doing fine, but I don't want to miss more of the game. Maybe one of you two could take a turn watching her?" He directed at the other two. They looked at eachother, and Greg gestured to the door in an 'after you' gesture to Bill, who got up off the couch and started to the door.
"Thanks again, guys. Sorry you have to miss the game, but I'm likely to pass out if I lay down, and I'd hate it if she had trouble breathing or something."
"Oh, don't worry about it." Bill assured, patting me on the shoulder "We'll take good care of her." he added, heading across the hall.
Only about ten minutes passed before he came back. "Greg!" He pointed at him, then over his shoulder to my room. "Time for your shift!"
"Awe, man. Alright." He said almost too sarcastically. I raised my bottle as if to toast him and took a drink.
This time about thirty minutes passed before he returned. "She's sleeping soundly. No problems!"
"Oh, good. Well, I can go back over there, for a bit." John quickly interjected before I could respond.
"She's probably out of the woods now, though." I said, seeing if he'd still push.
"Can't be too careful! Besides, the game's almost over. I doubt anything'll happen in the last few minutes. I won't miss much."
"Alright. Thanks!" once again raising the bottle to toast and finishing it off.
He came back about ten minutes later, a few seconds before the end of the game. "No problems. She's fine."
"Thanks, again, guys."
"Oh, no trouble at all." John assured.
"I should be getting back." I said before rolling off the chair onto the floor.
"Woah, take it easy, there!" Greg said and came over to help me up. "Here, I'll help you." and he slung my arm over his shoulders to keep me steady.
"Probably shouldn't have polished off nearly a half bottle by yourself!" Bill joked.
"Yeah, that was probably not a good idea." I stated, matter of factly.
"I got him, guys. I should be heading to bed myself. It's really late." Greg assured them.
"Alright. Night guys!" John said while closing the door behind us. I staggered as much as I thought believable as Greg reached over, opened the door, helped me through, and closed it behind us. We headed over to the bed. Jenna was covered in the sheet looking peaceful and undisturbed.
I turned around and thanked Greg for helping me. In an attempt to make things a bit uncomfortable for him and get him to leave, I unfastened my shorts and they fell as far as my knees before I sat on the bed. I let my eyes close slowly as I leaned over toward the pillow. Greg guided me down so I wouldn't fall off the bed, then helped lift my legs into place, leaving me lying on my back in my underwear and shorts around my knees. A minute or two passed, but he hadn't left, yet. I layed there motionless, eyes closed, breathing deeply and wondering what he was doing.
"Dude! You awake?" I didn't respond. "You pass out on me?" He shook my shoulder, trying to wake me. I still didn't respond. He pulled my shorts the rest of the way off. That was nice of him. Now if he'd just leave, I could release all this tension that's been building. Another minute or two passed. What was he waiting for? Then I felt a hand on my underwear wrap around my cock. I wasn't hard as all this moving around and acting wasn't the most arousing thing ever. He squeezed a bit, then released me. Then I felt the front of my underwear being pulled down, surely enough to expose me entirely. Then I felt warmth, and it took me a second to realize.. he sucked my cock into his mouth! This was rather unexpected, but honestly, it felt pretty damn good and I immediately started getting hard. He sucked me all the way into his mouth to the base before sliding me back out. He held my cock up with one hand while holding down the front with the other as he leaned down and licked at my balls, then up my shaft before diving back down on my cock. He was going to town on me and it was probably one of the best blowjobs I've had. I was really starting to understand the restraint Jenna had as I felt the tension build up and before I knew it I was cumming. He didn't pull off at all and held me in his mouth as I felt a few spurts of cum shot into his mouth. Once I stopped pulsing, he slowly lifted off, gave me a long pump with his hand and licked off the last blob of cum before setting my cock back down and putting my underwear back in place.
I was still tingling when I felt the sheet being tugged out from under me. I heard a bit more shuffling, then a shift of weight on the bed as he climbed on. A few tense seconds later and the bed started shaking rhythmically. He was fucking Jenna, again, right beside me. He put his hand on my shoulder and kept tugging at me, using me as a counterweight to give him extra leverage to push into Jenna. After a few minutes of the bed shaking at a slowly increasing pace and Greg started grunting as he came, once more, deep inside Jenna.
The bed shifted, there was some shuffling as Greg fixed up his clothes, the door opened, closed, and the lock clicked shut.
I tentatively opened my eyes to confirm that we were, in fact, alone, and we were. Jenna and I looked at eachother/ She had a big smile on her face as she leaned in and kissed me. "Thanks! That was a lot of fun. But first things first. Did he do what it sounded like he did?"
"You mean suck my cock? He did indeed, and he could give you a run for your money!" I joked.
She jabbed be with her elbow in mock protest. "Well, that was fucking hot as hell. I'd would have liked to watched that. Oh well, but, I guess that means you're not quite ready for one more go, are you?"
"Not quite yet, no." as I had some time to recover, but not quite enough for round three.
"Well, then get down there and finish me off, cause he just left me hanging. Meanwhile, I'll fill you in on what happened." she said, excitedly.
"My pleasure!" and I shifted down the bed, hovering my head just above her soaking wet panties. I took in a deep sniff of her intoxicating scent, mixed with the unmistakable smell of cum, and gave a satisfied sigh before grabbing the waistband at the sides. She raised her legs straight up to allow me to slide them up, then off. I took another whiff of them before dropped them to my side as she bent her legs to put her feet on the bed, allowing her knees to spread wide and presenting herself to me. I lowered my head between her legs to find one well fucked, red and dripping pussy. I gave it a tentative lick around the edges, and Jenna shifted on the bed to tilt her pelvis up, giving me better access. I then gave her a big broad lick from base to clit, causing a shiver from her, and collecting some cum deposited just a minute or so earlier along the way. As I continued to do my best to impart as much pleasure as I could while savoring in the joy that is eating out Jenna's well fucked pussy, she began to recount the events of the night.
"Let's see. The first guy..."
"That was John."
"John. Well, he was real quiet for a while. No doubt he wasn't sure what exactly he should, or could do. He checked a couple times by shaking me and calling my name, but of course, I didn't respond. Then he pulled the sheet off me and there was again some quiet for a while. I told you that unwrapping the 'present' always has an impact. He started by feeling up my breasts. First one, then the other. Then he was feeling one, while sucking on the other. Then he slid his hand down and started rubbing my pussy through my panties while still sucking on my tit. After a bit, he built up the courage to go inside my panties and he was rubbing my clit for a bit. Then he got a finger inside me, then two. He stopped sucking on my tit so he could get a better angle at my pussy and really started to finger me in earnest. It was starting to get really nice whe he stopped, which kinda sucked, but I had a feeling I knew why. I felt him get on the bed and first he slid my panties aside and ran his fingers up and down my pussy before I felt his cock slide into me. He took it nice and slow, as if he was afraid to wake me, which was fine by me as it made things last longer. The real slow buildup was nice, and when I finally came, my contractions pushed him over the edge and he pushed in nice and deep when he came. Feeling his cock pulse while I was cumming ... well, lets just say it was really hard to keep acting. He pulled out, put my panties back into place, then covered me up in the sheet, as if nothing had happened, got dressed and left."
"Sounds like..."
"Don't stop!" and I quickly got back to work as she grabbed the back of my head and ground her pussy into my mouth as she came. "Whew... ok... give me a second to rest..."
"Sounded like you enjoyed John."
"Oh, I did. It was really erotic feeling him slide slowly in and out, feeling every bit of texture as he did, and I didn't even know which of them it was. Now, get back to work and I'll tell you about number two!"
"That would be Bill." I informed her as I dropped my head back down and resumed teasing every fold of hers with my tongue.
"Bill... well, Bill wasn't as cautious as John. After he closed the door, he threw back the sheet, then took off his clothes, got on the bed, put my legs on his shoulders to get leverage to lift up my butt so he could strip my panties clean off. Then he drove his cock straight in and started pounding away. He was a bit thicker than John, so the fullness was nice, but he was nowhere near as gentle. He pounded me hard and fast for the whole time. I hope he doesn't normally fuck this way. If I wasn't turned on by the fact that he was my third cock for the night, and it was quite another experience being used like a fuck toy... well... if he did that while I was 'awake', I'd be disappointed. But given the circumstances, I kinda liked it. After he came in me... It was a bit amusing, cause I think he tossed the panties aside and it seemed like he had some trouble finding them, but eventually he did and he put them back on, and covered me up. I guess they didn't know if you'd be the next one in, so best to put things back the way they were. Now, come up here and give me a kiss!"My face was covered in her wetness and, no doubt, a fair amount of cum, but I crawled up the bed and gave her the big sensual kiss she asked for.
"Mmmm. Thank you!" she said, and gave me another quick peck on the lips. "Now... lets see. Number three! Now... I have to ask. They knew you had fucked me, at least, right?"
"Yeah. I think I made that pretty clear."
"Did they know you came in me?"
"Well, yeah. I wanted them to know I did so they'd ask about it, and I could tell them about your IUD, so they wouldn't worry about that bit, plus with my cum in there, they'd also not worry about adding to it, since I'd already expect you to be dripping. After all, I know how much you love getting filled up, and I wanted to push them in that direction, otherwise they'd shy away from it."
"Do you think they knew that the others were cumming in me, too?
"Well, they didn't say it, explicitly, but I think they knew... why so many questions?"
She smiled "Number three..."
"They would be Greg." I told her.
"Greg. Ok... well, Greg. After he uncovered me and pulled my panties aside... now, at this point, you came in me, John came in me, and Bill had just added his load, so I had cum slathered all over the place. I was a mess. It was smeared all over me, and I could feel it dripping out... well, he just dove in head first and started licking me all over, and he relished in it. Took his time... scooped out globs as they dripped out. lavished every inch with his tongue. Probed his tongue as far as he could reach it into me. He fingered me, I think, just to lick his fingers clean. It was really hot how into it he was. I came twice before he finished and finally fucked me. He felt about the same size as John. He took up a nice rhythm. Faster than John, but slower and more gentle than Bill. He didn't last a long time, but with the amount of time he spent going down on me, I wasn't complaining.
"Well, damn. Didn't expect that... that is, until he blew me. Now it makes sense."
"Yeah, that was a big tip off. I mean, you enjoy going down on me when I have cum in me, right?" she questioned.
"I do, yeah. It's just rather sexy. Can't really explain it." I answered.
"Right, but for you, it's more about you enjoying making me feel good, and the cum is... " she giggled at her thought "... shall we say, 'icing on the cake.'"
"Whipped cream on the cherry pie!" I shot back.
"Oooh! Even better! Right, so... Greg. He seemed to really enjoy the cum. I wouldn't doubt he was trying to make me cum just to push more out. That said, he's definitely not straight up gay. He did injoy fucking me, that's for sure. Was pretty good at it, too. If he thought I was awake he may have even done better. In any case... number four... there were only three guys over there. Did another one sneak in?"
"Nah, that was just John, again. He practically begged me to go back. Insisted I stay to watch the end of the game, even though it was a bit of a blowout."
"Ah, well, he was much more direct this time. None of the slow build from last time. He just climbed right on, plunged right in and pounded away, faster than his first time. Guess he was sure I wasn't going to 'wake up'. Really seemed to be pushing to cum quickly."
"The game was almost over when he went over here." I answered her implied question.
"That explains it. ... and well, you were here for five. Greg round two. Still feel a little cheated I didn't get to watch that blowjob. That would have been hot!" she complained.
"Sorry. At least you got to listen."
"Next time I'm watching! I want to see some cocksucking, even if I have to stick the cock in your mouth myself!"
"MY mouth?" I shot back.
"Oh, you know you'd love it. Look! You're hard just thinking about it!" she exclaimed as she grabbed by newly restored erection.
"Can't say I'm totally opposed to the idea, but that's not the only reason I'm hard again!" I said, reaching over to tweak one of her stiff nipples.
"Oooh! Good!" she exclaimed and bounced up onto her hands and knees. "And speaking of next time, none of this 'passed out' stuff. I want to move around! Laying still for that long... started to get a little achy. Don't get me wrong, I LOVED being treated like a fuck-doll for the night. No regard for me. Just guy after guy, quick and to the point. Hard and fast. Good to do once in a while for a change. But now that we've done that... " she lowered her head to the bed, leaving her ass protruding up in the air. She wiggled it, playfully "... one more time before I pass out for real this time!"
"My pleasure!" I replied as I positioned myself behind her and slid in for one more round before bed.