Lauren, Corrie and I, left the food court and strolled along the main concourse. Corrie pointed out the window at a small, private jet parked alongside one of the air docks.
"That's me." she informed us. "I'll have to leave you here, but you two enjoy your flight home."
She paused for a second or two and turned back.
"Are you two really okay with the film crew on you 24/7?"
Lauren and I both nodded.
"Yes." Lauren replied. "They can film us fucking, showering or taking a crap. I don't care."
Corrie scratched her head and then nodded back.
"Okey-doke." she replied. "Oh, by the way, I just got an idea for your stage name, Jack."
"Oh?" I inquired. "And what would that be?"
"Jack Action!" Corrie giggled. "It fits you to a T."
"Sure does." I responded. "Jack Action and Bo Dangles. Now, we just need to come with an idea for the title of the show."
"I have one." Lauren offered. "How about, 'Bo Naturale'?"
Corrie and I reflected for a moment and Corrie nodded.
"I like it!"
"Me too!" I added. "That's brilliant, Sweetheart. It's a perfect description of the show and an awesome play on words."
"'Bo Naturale', a reality show that follows the world's most famous nudist and her husband." Corrie mused. "It's perfect. I'll get on that right away.
"Speaking of getting on, I need to get on that jet, but I'll be in touch very soon. Toodles!"
We parted ways, and Lauren and I continued to our gate, with the film crew in tow. I glanced around, looking for a spot to hang out in, until our flight was ready. We were 30 minutes early, so the seats weren't that full. My gaze came to rest on an older woman in her mid-fifties or so, who was also devoid of clothes. I tapped Lauren on the shoulder and pointed. My wife nodded in reply and we sat next to the unclothed woman.
"Nudie?" I inquired casually.
"Yipper." she replied. "And I love it. Did you know that there are no federal laws regarding public nudity?"
I did not, and acknowledged my ignorance of the law.
"It's all a states' rights issue." she explained. "Unless otherwise stipulated, you do not have to wear clothes on federal land or federally jurisdicted areas. That means you can be nude in national parks and forests, unless that particular park has rules against it.
"That's how they can force people to fly nude. The TSA is a federal agency, and since 9/11, all airports fall under federal jurisdiction."
"No shit?!" I burst out. "That is so cool!"
"I know!" the woman replied. "And now, so do you."
"They didn't force us." Lauren stated. "We both decided to fly nude. I love it too. This is Jack's first time though."
The woman gazed at Lauren's tits and nodded.
"He's Jack. Would you be Lauren, then?"
Lauren nodded in reply.
"How did you know?" she inquired.
"I'd recognize those titties of yours anywhere." the woman explained. "Besides, the rumors are flying around left and right, that you two are in the airport. On that note, would you two like to sign my titties for me?"
I was flabbergasted.
"Sign your tits?" I echoed.
"Yes, just hold it with one hand and sign it with the other." she explained. "You do one, and your gorgeous wife does the other."
"U-umm, that would be great," I stammered, "but I don't have a Sharpie."
The woman shrugged.
"Me neither. Why don't you just pretend then? Hold it with one hand and trace your finger over it?"
"How about if I just hold each one with a different hand?" I offered. "Lauren could do it too. All you really want is to get your tits squeezed anyway, right?"
The woman smiled and nodded.
"Busted!" she bubbled. "You got me. Will you?"
"Here?" I responded.
At that point, I remembered this was all being documented, and I leaned into the woman's ear.
"You're on TV. Do you want to continue?"
"You bet I do!" she exclaimed. "I'm an attorney. I know what's going on. Let's make the best of this, shall we?"
"We shall." I replied. "Perhaps you could help us file a lawsuit demanding the right to be nude in public everywhere?"
"Let's talk about it on the plane." the woman responded. "By the way, my name is Glenda. Glenda Carroll."
A voice came over the loudspeaker instructed the elderly, and those with children to board first. To my amazement, Glenda stood up. She looked at me and smiled.
"You'd never know it Jack, but I'm 67 years old."
I stared in disbelief, as Glenda and Lauren strode up to the gate. They showed their tickets and disappeared into the Jetway, or loading tunnel. Next, came the call for First Class passengers, and myself and the film crew were the only ones to show up. We all showed our boarding passes and made our way into the Jetway.
"Do we have First Class all to ourselves?" Clyde, the cameraman asked.
"Looks that way." I replied, as we entered the aircraft.
Lauren was seated in the front row, and patted the seat alongside her as I boarded.
"Right here, Sir." she said with a wink. "We have the entire First Class. The rest of you spread out."
The rest of the crew took various seats, and I glanced over my shoulder to see Glenda seated in the back. I motioned for her to come forward, and she obliged.
"Get up here and take a front seat on the other side of the aisle!" I demanded. "We bought the whole damned First Class except for your seat. Come sit with the few, the proud and the nude."
At this point, Coach was beginning to stream onto the plane. Many of the passengers gazed in disdain, at the three nude people sitting in the front row, but since they were second class passengers themselves, we simply glared back.
Curiously, however, the majority of the passengers smiled at us, winked or gave us the thumbs up. I glanced at Lauren, who merely shrugged her shoulders.
"I have no idea, Sir." she offered. "Maybe they're just jealous."
"Maybe they know who you are." Glenda hissed across the aisle. "You two really have no idea just how famous you are, do you?"
"Pfft." I responded. "So someone videotaped me humiliating my wife before we got married. What's the big deal?"
"Because everyone loves you two, you stupid ass!" Glenda burst out. "Nobody knows if it was fake or staged, or real. Everyone loves your toothless wife sucking your dick, and they love to see her squirting and cumming all over the goddamned place.
"Everybody wants to see her nude, and you too. Mainly her though. Guys jerk off to her pics all the time."
"Really?" Lauren inquired in fascination. "They jerk off to me?"
"Yes Lauren." Glenda replied in an annoyed tone. "They jerk off to your pics and vids all the time. Hell, even as a woman, I've masturbated myself to quite a few orgasms, watching the two of you in action."
"Me or her?" I inquired.
"Both." Glenda replied. "You're both hot. I'd suck your dick just as quick as I'd lick her cunt. I'll guarantee there are plenty of women who rub themselves while looking at you, Jack."
"Maybe we can all join the Mile High Club." I suggested. "We have this cabin all to ourselves... well, except for the camera crew that is recording our every move. Are you shy, Glenda?"
"Not in the least bit!" she shot back. "You make me part of one of your fuck films and I promise, I will represent you in any actions that you wish to take, to assert your right to be free from clothes."
"Deal!" I replied, as the stewardess closed the airlock.
I watched the stewardess, as she engaged in muted conversation with one of the pilots through the cockpit door. Something wasn't right, as these days that door is never open when there are passengers on the plane. She was gesturing toward the back of the plane and shaking her head.
"They're all sick." I barely heard her say in a hushed tone. "How am I going to serve all of these passengers?"
"Excuse me." I called softly. "Is there a problem?"
"Hang on." the stewardess said through the door. "Some naked guy is asking me a question. No, there's three of them on this flight. A single lady and a younger couple... Skinny blonde with a kid and something inked on her boobies. Yeah... I don't know. Let me ask her."
She poked her head through the door and looked at Lauren.
"What's that tattooed on your tits?" she inquired.
"Teabags." Lauren replied. "Why?"
"Is your name Lauren?" the woman asked excitedly.
"Yes."
"It's her! It's them!" the stewardess called back into the cockpit. "Okay, I tell them."
I was extremely puzzled as the stewardess approached us. I got a good look at her though. She had dark brown hair and looked to be in her mid thirties, with a very pretty face.
"All of the flight attendants for this flight were transferred from the same plane. They're all sick. I'm the only one available and I can't handle this on my own." she explained, staring at my crotch. "If we don't get at least one more person, this flight can't leave."
"I used to be a waitress." Lauren offered. "I can serve drinks and snacks, if it will help."
"You used to be a waitress?" I echoed. "How in the hell did you ever get along with customers back then?"
"I didn't; I got fired." Lauren replied. "But that was a long time ago; back when I was a bitch. Long before I became a people person."
"If you'll help us out, the plane can take off." the stewardess explained. "We'll give you free tickets to anywhere in the world. Otherwise, we're grounded."
"Deal!" I exclaimed. "Lauren, help this nice lady out, would you?"
She nodded, and the flight attendant handed her a stewardess's cap.
"That'll work." she stated, as my wife donned the cap. "Now you look official. Do you know the pre-flight checklist?"
Lauren nodded.
"Good." the stewardess replied. "I'll call it out over the PA and you do the motions, okay? By the way, my name is Sadie."
"Okay Sadie."
"Walk back to Coach and stand there." Sadie instructed. "I'll introduce you over the PA."
Lauren nodded and disappeared through the curtains into the Coach cabin. Several gasps could be heard behind us and I smiled.
"That'll get their attention." I said to Glenda.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," Sadie began, "let me welcome you all to Carefree Airlines. As you can see, we have a special guest flight attendant with us today, Miss Lauren. Lauren will be filling in for one of our stewardesses who contracted food poisoning in Argentina."
I could hear applause, and I raised my eyebrows.
"Looks like she's a hit." I whispered to Glenda, who nodded in return.
"Please do not mind the fact that Lauren is nude." Sadie continued. "She is just as qualified to take your drink orders as anyone else."
"Can she make a white Russian?" someone shouted.
At that point, Lauren must have grabbed the mic in Coach class, because her sweet voice soon overtook the plane.
"Hello everyone. My name is Lauren, and I am a nudist. I am sorry if my unclothed body offends some of you, but you need to understand two things. First of all, I am not ashamed of my body. I am proud to be able to show off what God gave me. Second, to answer the gentleman in the back, my breasts are full of milk and I can, in fact, make a white Russian like you've never had before. If you would like, I will personally add the milk to your drink, directly in front of you."
"I want one!" someone called out.
"Me too!" came another response.
"Thank you." Lauren replied. "That is so sweet of all of you. But I must ask each and everyone of you to buckle yourselves in, as we prepare to depart. Can you do that?"
Even in First Class, I could hear the shuffling going on behind me in Coach.
"Good!" Lauren exclaimed. "Once we are airborne, I promise you that I will be back."
"We'll miss you!" a female voice called out, and several people laughed in response.
My wife reappeared through the curtain and sat next to me.
"You did great!" Sadie exclaimed. "Sounds like you're popular already."
She buckled herself in and smiled at us, as the plane slowly backed out of the dock.
"You are so lucky." she said to Lauren. "I wish I could do my job nude. It would be so fun!"
"Why don't you?" I inquired. "It's legal, so the most they can do is fire you if someone complains."
Sadie thought about that for a few seconds and nodded.
"You know what?" she said, as she began unbuttoning her uniform. "You're right!"
I couldn't help but stare as she removed her clothes and stowed them under her seat. Her tits were gorgeous, and I could feel my cock hardening as I gazed intently at her nude body. Between Lauren, Glenda and now Sadie, I was in sheer torture. My erection didn't go unnoticed either, either by Lauren or Sadie, who smiled.
"Did I do that?" Sadie inquired innocently.
I swallowed hard and nodded.
"Don't worry." Glenda offered. "I'll take care of that after we're in the air, as long as it's okay with your wife."
I turned to Lauren.
"Is it?" I asked huskily. "Is it okay if she makes me cum?"
"Of course, Sir." she replied sweetly. "You know you don't have to ask my permission to get your dick sucked by another woman. Besides, I've already cum. It's your turn."
"I was going to ride him." Glenda stated. "Is that okay?"
"Ooh, I'd love to see that!" Lauren exclaimed. "Too bad I'll be busy getting drinks and snacks, but yes, it's okay with me if you ride him."
"Thank you, Sweetie." I said, leaning over and kissing my nudist whore of a wife on the cheek. "I love you."
"I love you too, Sir." she replied.
The plane turned onto the runway, and I could hear the engines gearing up. Lauren sighed blissfully and smiled.
"Good vibrations." she said softly. "Oh my, it feels good."
She groaned in pleasure, as the plane began taxiing down the runway.
"Oh shit!" Lauren burst in. "It's all pressing against me! It's pressing so hard..."
"Are you going to cum again?" I inquired, as the plane lifted off the runway.
Lauren was silent; her hands firmly gripping the arms of the seat. Milk was streaming from her nipples, and her body went rigid.
"Unghh! Oh shit! Oh fuck! Oh fuck-ing shittt..." Lauren gasped, as her back arched upwards. Cum sprayed from her cunt and left a visible pattern on the floor, as the plane continued to climb.
"Oh my gawd!" Lauren whispered. "That felt so fucking good!"
"Do you always cum at the drop of a hat like that?" Sadie inquired in awe, as she released the buckle on her seat belt.
Lauren nodded, still trying to catch her breath.
"Ever since I got knocked up, the slightest thing will make me cum. After the baby, it's gotten even worse."
"Worse?" Glenda echoed. "You lucky fucking bitch! I wish I could cum that easily!"
"I'd like to cum." I chimed in.
Lauren stood and faced me, a small droplet of milk still clinging to her right nipple.
"Go ahead Sir." she said with a smile. "It's definitely your turn now."
She looked intently at Glenda.
"Ride him!" she ordered. "I want to watch before I have to take all of these drink orders."
Glenda needed no further encouragement. She got up from her seat and came over to me.
"Oh, I can't wait to feel you inside of me." she cooed softly.
Lauren turned to the camera crew.
"Are you getting this?" she demanded.
"Rolling!" Clyde called out.
I reclined the seat all the way back, and Glenda settled on top of me. She rocked back and forth on my cock, while Sadie spread her legs and began masturbating openly.
"God, that is so hot!" she murmured.
I reached up and began squeezing Glenda's tits in my hands, as she rode me.
"It feels so good!" I whispered.
"Cum in her, Sir!" Lauren demanded. "I want to see you squirt your load inside of her."
I needed no further encouragement, and continued kneading Glenda's generous boobs as I felt my orgasm building.
"I'm going to cum in your cunt!" I burst out. "Oh shit, your cunt feels so good!"
Gobs of sperm shot from my dick and filled the old woman's cunt. Her nails dug into my shoulders as she came at the same time. She continued riding me for several more seconds, as our mutual orgasms subsided.
"That was so fucking hot, Sir!" Lauren whispered.
Sadie, meanwhile, was groaning in pleasure as she had her own orgasm. Her feet twisted in ecstasy, as she dribbled onto her seat.
"Oh fuck!" she burst out. "Goddamn, that felt good!"
I smiled, as Glenda lifted off of me.
"Looks like we're all caught up on cumming now." I observed, as Lauren knelt in front of me.
"Very true." she replied. "Now, let me clean you up."
I laid back and let my wife lick my dick and balls clean. She stood up and licked her lips.
"So sweet." she marveled, as she looked over at Sadie. "Are we ready now?"
Sadie nodded and got out of her seat.
"Yes. Let's get to work!"
The two women disappeared into Coach, and I could hear the enthusiasm begin immediately.
"They're both nude!" someone shouted. "Holy shit, there really is a god!"
After forty five minutes or so, Lauren and Sadie returned. Lauren dropped into the seat next to me, with a huge, beaming smile on her face.
"I made fifteen white Russians with my breast milk!" she exclaimed. "And three of them were for women!"
I looked at Lauren's tits, and they were completely empty; thin deflated sausages devoid of milk. She had drained them dry. I reached out and began squeezing them in my hands; pulling and tugging on them like floppy little toys.
"Mmm, that feels nice." Lauren whispered. "I can't wait until we get home so I can fuck you, Sir."
"I can't wait either." I replied, as I continued tugging on her titties. "Is there any milk left at all?"
"Suck them and find out for yourself." Lauren said coyly.
I drew one of her pudgy nipples into my mouth and sucked greedily. I was rewarded with a weak stream of warm, sweet mother's milk. It tasted like warm half and half, and it was delicious.
"I'm going to pump your titties five times a day and put it in the fridge." I informed my wife. "We're never buying milk again, as long as I can keep them full of milk."
"I'm totally up for that." Lauren agreed. "It feels good to pump my titties, and it tastes good too. I've tried it too. It's so rich and creamy."
"Time for snacks!" Sadie called out. "Can you help us, Jack?"
"Sure!" I replied enthusiastically. "What do I need to do?"
"Just push this cart up the aisle and hand them out. It's not hard."
"Okay." I agreed, as Sadie reached for the mic.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," Sadie addressed the passengers, "Lauren's husband Jack will be assisting us with the snacks, and ladies, you'll just adore him."
"Why thank you." I responded, as I took one of the carts and headed for Coach.
My route was all the way at the rear of the plane, and I handed out packages of nuts, chips and pretzels to the passengers.
"This is disgusting!" a woman muttered, as I offered her a bag of chips. "I'm going to complain to the airline about this!"
"Look Lady," I responded in an annoyed tone, "my wife and I are passengers on this plane just like you. If we didn't offer to help out, this plane would still be sitting on the tarmac in Miami. Would you rather be sitting there or on the way home to your pampered little pussies and pooches?"
Several guffaws erupted and the woman blushed. She stared at my cock and licked her lips. She then motioned for me to move closer. I complied and she whispered in my ear.
"You have a beautiful dick." she said quietly. "May I touch it?"
"Not here," I whispered back, "but come up front and I'll be glad to oblige you. Wait until I'm finished. I'll signal you from the front of the cabin, okay?"
"Yes!" she replied excitedly.
After fifteen minutes or so, I finished handing out the snacks and motioned at the rear of the cabin. The woman stood up and made her way down the aisle to join me as I entered First Class.
"I'm Dawn." she introduced herself as I motioned for her to sit next to Glenda.
"Jack." I replied. "This is my beautiful wife, Lauren."
"You have a darling husband." Dawn responded. "He has such a beautiful dick. He said I could touch it if I came up here."
Lauren nodded.
"Go ahead." she encouraged. "But why don't you take your clothes off too? It feels wonderful. You'll love it, I promise."
"Okay," Dawn replied, as she began removing her clothes.
She unbuttoned her blouse and let it fall open, revealing her smooth, white belly.
"Take your shirt off." I suggested.
The woman nodded and let her top fall to the floor. Next, she reached behind her back and unfastened her bra, exposing her aging tits. They were very soft and saggy, and I wanted very much to squeeze them in my hands.
Dawn continued removing her clothes, and I was literally shaking with excitement, as she stripped nude in front of us. When she was completely undressed and fully nude, she reached out and began caressing my cock in her hand. It hardened immediately as she stroked and tugged on it.
I gazed hungrily at her unclothed body and reached out to squeeze her soft, saggy tits. I kneaded them in my hands as she pumped my cock with her fist.
"Jerk him off." Lauren instructed. "He always cums in my mouth or cunt, and I never get a chance to see it squirt. I want to watch him shoot his load while you jerk him off."
Dawn nodded, and began tugging on my cock in a rhythmic fashion. I leaned back and closed my eyes in blissful lust, as she masturbated me with an expert hand.
"Oh Dawn." I moaned. "That feels so good. Jerk me off. Jerk me off and make me cum, Dawn. Oh yeah, jerk me off."
Dawn leaned in and continued jerking my cock. To my surprise, Lauren crawled behind Dawn and started licking her asshole. Dawn squealed with pleasure, and increased the speed of her masturbation on my dick.
"Oh my fucking god!" I moaned. "It feels so good! I'm gonna cum! Oh shit, yeah! Jerk me off Dawn! Jerk me off!"
Lauren moved around to watch me cum, and squeezed Dawn's floppy little tits in her hands.
"Let him cum on your face." Lauren instructed. "I want to see him shoot his thick load all over that pretty face of yours."
"Here it comes!" I moaned, as cum shot out of my cock and struck Dawn squarely in the face. Several more spurts covered her face and mouth, and finally, her saggy little tits.
"Oh fuck!" I panted, as Dawn licked the sperm from her lips. "That felt so fucking good!"
Dawn smiled, and let Lauren lick my cum from her face and tits.
"I love to be jerked off." I informed my latest sex toy. "It feels so good."
"Glad to be of help." Dawn replied. "Maybe I can get off too?"
"Hmm," I said with a smile, as I looked at my wife, "do you think you could help her out, Dangles?"
"I sure can!" Lauren said slyly. "Lean back, you little darling, and I'll lick your cunt until you cum in my mouth."
"Oh Lord," I said wistfully, as my wife plunged her tongue deep into Dawn's labia, "What did I do in a past life to be rewarded like this?"