She had only been working there a month but Gwen hated working at the petrol station. She only took the job to earn some extra money during the first year of university but she didn't know how boring it would be, especially working the night shifts. In the six hours she worked on the night shift, Gwen would hardly see another person. On a good day she may serve up to five people and these were few and far between. The rest of the time would be spent cleaning up and stocking up the store, making sure it was already for the morning worker to pick things up. The uniforms didn't make things better, the beige shirts with the logo on the breast pocket did nothing for her busty and chubby frame.
Initially Gwen thought the quiet would at least do her some good in terms of allowing her to catch up on the required reading for the history degree she is currently undertaking. Her dormitory halls have gotten too noisy for her liking with loud music ringing out through the building, making it hard for her to focus and the library is never open late enough for her to get some real work done. However soon this too got boring for Gwen, there's only a certain amount of times she could read the same chapters before her mind and eyes began to wonder.
On one particular night, whilst Gwen was sitting behind the counter reading her textbook on Ancient Greek civilisation and twirling her fair ginger hair around her pale finger, one of the magazine racks had come loose and crashed onto the floor, spilling them all over the floor. The noise startled Gwen then annoyed her as that was one more thing to clear up. Coming from behind the counter, Gwen walked over to the magazine stands and reattached the loose rack back onto the wall. Next she had to tidy the magazines and put them back on the shelf.
All the magazines she was finding were ones she would not read even out of desperation. Magazines about homes, gardens and railway. Amongst them however was one that should not be there but the top shelf instead. Gwen took hold of it and chortled at the front cover with it's petite blonde star with the toned belly. The only homes, gardens or railways featured in these mags were ones where sexy girls had took their kit off in. Gwen decided to take it back to the counter with her, it might make for interesting reading since no one is around she thought.
Flicking through the magazine, she found pictures of a lot of girls in various stages of undress and posing in different saucy positions. Gwen was finding it all very amusing until a thought popped in her head. What if she was in one of these magazines? The idea got her hot and flustered as she imagined the guys who might find her picture, baring everything, and decide to jerk off to it. She closed her eyes, unbuttoned her jeans and slid her right hand down her panties. However just as she was about to make contact with her pussy, a voice interrupted her.
"Excuse me miss?" Gwen opened her eyes, startled for the second time that night. Standing in front of her was a gentleman with a full head of grey hair and a handsome face.
"How can I help you today?" She said, pretending she wasn't just about to finger herself behind the counter.
"I'm on pump 5 and I'm buying this magazine." Gwen looked down spotting one of the home magazines she had disparaged earlier.
"That will be £15.63," Gwen informed the gentleman, who nodded and tapped his debit card on the machine.
"See you around," he said with a dashing smile. Gwen watched closely as he got in his car and drove away. She couldn't believe what just happened. The thrill of almost being caught masturbating by a handsome stranger was such a rush that Gwen unbuttoned her work shirt and began to fondle with her breast over her bra with her left hand while her right slipped a finger inside her pussy and slid in and out, massaging it. Sitting back on the chair, she put her foot up on the counter so she could get a better angle for her fingering. Her moans were soft but audible. Its such a shame no one could see me like this now, she thought slipping another finger in. She pictured the handsome older gentleman from earlier walking back in, having forgotten something, and catching her like this. Maybe he would lend a hand...or something else entirely. However 30 minutes passed and on one came in. Gwen, feeling disappointed, took out her fingers from her now wet pussy and decided to go riskier.
Behind the counter she pulled her jeans down and threw them in the back office. Her black panties fully on display for anyone who came in and cared to look. No one did however and her shift was coming to an end for that day. Disappointed, Gwen began to thought the only reason she dared to show off anything in this petrol station was the low risk involved of someone actually seeing her but all that means is she will have to increase the stakes next time.
Throughout the week and during her lectures, Gwen planned what she should wear and not wear on the next shift. The temptation was there to just walk through the front doors fully naked but she didn't feel ready for that just yet and wanted to build up it.
She turned up to work for her next shift in the usual work uniform of work shirt and jeans so she didn't raise any suspicions. When the previous guy went home however she got in the staff toilets and got dressed for the shift proper. The jeans were the first to go and in their place she put on a plaid short skirt that just about covered her private areas up but the slightest movement could threaten to reveal the red lacy thong she wore underneath. Next she unhooked and slipped off her bra through one of the shirt sleeves and undid the shirt buttons. Grabbing hold of the bottoms of the shirt, she tied a knot that rested underneath her breasts. The shirt was just able to contain her breasts without her nipples being on display and any customers would see her soft plump belly and impressive cleavage. After a quick look in the mirror to make sure everything was in place. Gwen stepped out onto the shop floor to find a customer already waiting.
Her cheeks blushed, Gwen hadn't expected to show off to a customer so soon. It was usually quiet at this time so she thought she would have time to prepare and to anticipate her first one. A part of her wanted to go back and get changed back to her regular clothes but this was overruled by her desire to keep going and show off. The desire wins out and she gets behind the counter dressed as she was.
"Sorry about the wait Sir," Gwen said, leaning forward on the counter and giving the thirtysomething customer a peek down her shirt. "How can I help you tonight?" She could feel his eyes move down her body to her cleavage, a gulp followed before he could answer.
"Just this...please," he finally replied handing Gwen an energy drink can. A playful smirk formed on Gwen's lips as she thought of the perfect response to tease him.
Using her best soft and seductive voice she asked, "I guess you are going to be UP all night then?"
"You...you can say...say that," he nervously stammered out as he placed the cash in Gwen's hand.
"Please COME again," Gwen said, still smirking and handing him his change. The customer took it and headed towards the door, taking one last look at Gwen and her cleavage before he went back outside. She imagined him rushing back home to jerk off over what he just saw.
The success of teasing the first customer and having his eyes all over her body drove Gwen wild but she resisted the urge to play with herself just now, she wanted to see how many other ways she could show off to customers before she would even consider sending her hand downstairs. The hours passed by however and Gwen begun to lose hope as the thrill from the first customer died down. She wished she worked somewhere with a heavier footfall so more eyes could gaze upon her and her plump curvy figure with lustful intentions.
Hope soon came when Gwen saw a pair of bright headlights pull into the station and park among the pumps. A couple steps out of a fancy looking sedan, a sort of car that seemed out of place in a small town. Gwen couldn't believe her luck, if she played this right she would have two sets of eyes on her. Just the thought was enough to bring a degree of wetness between her legs. Quickly coming up with a plan, Gwen grabbed a sponge from the cabinet and got on her hands and knees and pretended to scrub the floors knowing that her skirt isn't long enough to cover her bum if she bent over and the thong she wore underneath wasn't exactly going to protect her modesty. The bell above the door rung, signifying the couple's entry into the petrol station. Gwen began to jauntily whistle as she subtly swayed her ass left to right as she moved the sponge in a circular motion. Without even looking she could feel their eyes locked onto her shapely tush and it made her face blush in rosy red.
"You better not be staring Tony," Gwen heard the girlfriend tell her gawking date before loudly coughing.
"Don't worry Denise, I'm not," he replied with blatant lies. Gwen swayed her ass some more, making it more obvious.
Denise started coughing loudly to get Gwen's attention. She happily ignored them for now until the third cough when she peered over her shoulder and feigned surprise at seeing the couple standing behind her.
"Oh sorry, I didn't see you there. How can I help?" Gwen said with a false innocence as she got off her hands and knees.
"Yes, Pump 1 please," Denise said doing her best to look Gwen in the face and not down her body.
"Bare with me." As Gwen walked back to the counter she realised that she hadn't pulled her skirt back down to cover herself back up but decided to do nothing about it. Though she couldn't hear exactly what Denise was muttering as she walked behind her, Gwen did have a good idea and it brought a smile to her face.
After paying, the couple rush out the store and back into their luxury sedan with more muttering. Gwen did catch one line from the girlfriend though, "I'll never be coming here again," as she had to drag her boyfriend out. Eventually they too got into their car and drove off, leaving Gwen with no audience once more.
Since it was unlikely she was going to get another customer for the rest of the shift, Gwen thought fuck it. Standing in the middle of the store, down the snack aisle, she pulled her skirt down in a smooth motion and threw it behind the counter. Her shirt was next. Untying the knot at the bottom, she instantly felt her breasts being set free. The shirt slipped off her shoulders and falls hard to the floor. Picking it up, Gwen chucks it to land next to the already discarded skirt. All that was left to take off was her thong. She runs over next to one of the tall windows facing the main road and slips it off in full view, knowing no one was going to be driving or walking past at this time but that didn't stop her from hoping that they do and notice the naked buxom ginger that worked at this gas station.
Gwen carried on working in the nude and fulfilling her duties. Despite there being no one to see her naked body, Gwen found working in the buff to be almost relaxing, like it just felt natural to her. She wondered why it took her this long to try it. Still she wanted someone to see her, didn't matter if it was one person or a group.
Having completed her night shift checklist and with a half hour left with her shift, Gwen lied back on the cold tiled floor, her legs spread out wide and elevated, resting her feet on the bottom shelf on either side. Her hands moved down her body. Starting at the breasts, Gwen gave them a good fondle. Taking one in each hand, she gives them a good squeeze before playing with her erect nipples, twisting them like she was turning the station on an old fashioned radio. The sensitivity of them made her softly whimper.
Her hands didn't stop there though, they had a final destination in mind. So they kept going down, past her soft belly and straight to her pussy. Gwen ran her index finger up her slit and just as she suspected all the teasing of customers, strutting around naked and planning to finger herself right on the shop floor had made her extremely wet. She bit her lip as she pushed the same finger deep inside and moved it in and out, a second finger soon joined it as she built up a steady rhythm. As the pace quickened, Gwen's moans got louder. With her free hand she massaged her clitoral hood in a circular motion and her moans only got more intense.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Gwen gasped as she realised an orgasm was coming. A tidal wave of pleasure washes over her making her body shake and shiver. She could feel ejaculate leak out her vagina and form a small puddle on the floor. Gwen know she would have to mop that up before she left but right now she wanted to bask in the post orgasm glow. She had never felt so relaxed than that moment.
Gwen was too relaxed to even notice the doorbell chime going off or the footsteps that approached her. It was only when she heard his voice she realised she was no longer alone.
"Are you okay? Where are your clothes?" Gwen's eyes were still readjusting but the voice sounded familiar. The picture was beginning to become more clearer and Gwen began to recognise all was in the shop with her. It was the handsome stranger with the grey hair from her previous shift.
"I am quite alright. At least I am now," Gwen finally responded. "How long have you been there?"
"I just arrived, I was hoping you would still be open."
"Oh? And why's that?" Gwen asked seductively.
"Well I needed petrol and closing time was fast approaching."
"Oh." Gwen said with resounding disappointment. "Well you missed quite the show."
"What were you doing, if I may ask?" The Gentleman asked curiously.
Gwen got up on the floor, ejaculate now running down her thigh, "I was bored so I took matter in my own hands."
"I see."
"Lets get you sorted, I still need to close up." Gwen said returning behind the counter, picking up her shirt to put it back on.
"Wait!" The Gentleman commanded. "I mean I've already seen everything maybe you can serve me naked? If you want to of course."
Gwen smiled and placed her hands on her hips, "Gladly."
"I'm Will, by the way," he said as he paid for his petrol.
"Gwen."
"Nice to meet you." Will said as he was about to leave. "If its any constellation, I'm sorry I missed your show."
"Maybe next time?" Gwen asked. "I'm in tomorrow night too."
"I'll stop by if I can. Good night." And like that he was gone and Gwen regretted not asking him to stay for a private viewing of a second show. There is always tomorrow she thought as she locked the door behind her, officially ending her shift.