Sorry, I've not been in touch for a while. I went on a two-week holiday to Tenerife and, do you know what, as nice as it was -- and as nice as some of the young cock on display was -- I found myself eager to get back to my little counter at the swimming pool. I was missing my boys and their cheeky cock flashes and the yellow Speedos...
I think I told you that we have an outside pool as well. Obviously, most of the year, no one uses it but in summer -- even a bad summer like this one -- it gets quite buzzy out there. It's not very big, surrounded by grass, which people come and put towels out on, laze around, sunbathe, have a dip. They can take stuff from the café out there and I know that a few of the boys -- 'my' boys -- take vodka hidden in those water bottles they all carry. I can smell it on them.
And it turns out I've created a whole generation of show-offs. Even though University is over for the year, the water polo team seem mostly to still be around. They come at lunchtime, have their little spot where they all join their towels together to make an area for themselves and spend the day dipping in and out of the water, drinking and sunbathing in the little yellow Speedos, even though they could wear what they want. And you know how those Speedos, now I've cut the linings out of them or got them to cut them out, go transparent when they're wet, which means we basically have a group of young lads laying on the grass by the pool with their cocks and their balls and their arses on full display.
And that has meant that the ladies of the aquarobics class have taken to sitting out there on their own towels looking across at all the young bodies on display. It's actually a very sexy atmosphere: a group of teenage and twentysomething lads, all in great shape, showing off for a bunch of women in their 50s, 60s and beyond. When the lads get out of the water, they always do it right in front of the aquarobics girls, just so they can give them an eyeful of their beautiful bodies. You can see the ladies, all their eyes on whoever is getting out of the water.
Obviously, especially after a few drinks, the boys interact with them a little. Go over and crouch down for a little chat, knowing full well that the women are looking at their cocks in the Speedos, the water dripping from their balls, and knowing that having those female eyes on them almost always gives them hard-ons so you see them stand up and come back to the group smiling and readjusting hard cocks in the Speedos while the other guys laugh at them.
Even the manager has noticed. He said to me the other day, 'Have you noticed we seem to have a group of basically naked young men out there creating quite a show, Marianne?' Then he smiled and just went, 'Of course you have. You're probably behind it.' But he's happy. Well, why wouldn't you be when you know that all you have to do to get your cock sucked is call Marianne to the office?
I could get a little jealous that I'm having to work while the aquarobics ladies get to spend the day enjoying cock that I've organised for them but the boys are still very much mine and make a point of coming over to me to let me see and maybe have a feel even though I'm supposed to be working.
Anyway, I wanted to tell you about one day last week when two or three people were off on their holidays so we were all supposed to be mucking in. I never have to do any cleaning but during one of our sessions -- I do love the manager's shaved cock, you know that -- I said, maybe stupidly, that I didn't mind if he was short.
I don't know if you've seen on some men's toilets signs that say, 'Male and female attendants work in this area', just to give the guys a heads up that a woman might be walking in while they're taking a piss. Well, we have one of those at the pool, which means Marianne might be walking in on you when you have your cock out.
So, it wasn't that busy at the pool and I was covering my counter and a bit of cleaning, including the changing rooms, male and female. My boys were making fun of me, making sure they were in the changing rooms whenever I came in with my mop and bucket, jumping in the shower to soap themselves down and get full hard-ons for me to look at and sometimes play with and generally be their cheeky selves. But this one day, they were all out on the grass showing off their cocks to the oldies so I thought I'd take the opportunity to go in and just give the toilets in the changing rooms a bit of a go over.
I know a lot of women are a bit squeamish about going into men's bathrooms, what with the smell of urine and everything but I don't mind. Our toilets are actually quite clean besides there's something quite sexy about that smell as long as it's not too strong. And I've always loved the idea of men standing side by side with their cocks out having a wee. Most women find it weird that you would go to the loo in front of other people, but I happen to find it a bit of a turn on.
Anyway, so I went into the loos, thinking they were empty, but there was actually a man in there in his swimming shorts having a wee. 'Oh, sorry,' I said when I saw him there, mid-stream. And yes, of course I looked down. The guy was older than my usual -- maybe in his 30s -- quite muscular, dark haired and quite dark skinned, which made the white of his teeth really pop when he smiled at this old lady ambling in while he was mid-wee.
'That's quite alright,' he laughed, carrying on with his piss, and seemed so cheerful and unperturbed about the whole thing that I thought I'd be cheeky back. I walked over, stood beside him and looked to see his cock as it pissed. 'Well, that looks quite nice,' I said, looking down at the cock, which was huge. Circumcised, thick, quite a bit of dark pubes, his balls over the waistband of his shorts seemingly shaved, this was a very big cock indeed and I have seen a few. I looked back at his face. He beamed.
'Well, I'm glad you like it,' he laughed. 'But if you carry on looking at it, I won't be able to finish.' I took another look, feeling his bicep in an over-familiar way, shook my head in disbelief and went back to my bucket.
A couple of moments later, as I started to mop around the sinks, thinking that was just a nice little interlude and that would be it, I heard him say, 'Finished now...', looked around and he was standing there, that big cock still hanging over the top of his swimming shorts, looking at me and smiling.
'Do you need me to shake the drops off?' I asked smiling back.
'Well, that might be helpful, seeing as you're providing the full service...'
So I went over to him, he stood back at the urinal and I stood slightly behind him and reached around to touch it. It immediately thickened and, him being taller than me, he started to grind his arse into my stomach a little. We stood like that for a bit, his backside in my belly, my hand stroking his hardening cock, feeling his smooth balls, my other hand stroking his flat, slightly hairy belly. Anyone could have walked in but I wasn't really thinking about that.
After a few minutes of that, I said to him, 'Why don't we go somewhere a little more private?' I don't know whether he thought I meant an office or something but I just went over to one of the stalls -- I'd cleaned it earlier so I knew it was OK -- and went in, holding the door open for him. He looked around the room -- even though we obviously knew there was no one there -- and joined me. We closed the door and it was obviously quite close in there. And then -- and this was a surprise -- he leaned down and kissed me. This beautiful guy in his 30s was probing his muscular tongue into my mouth while his hand massaged one of my breasts.
Now that his shorts were around his ankles, his cock was hard and long and thick and standing up between us, pressed against my belly. When he pulled away, he was still smiling, clearly finding the whole experience amusing. 'So you must be Marianne,' he said. I looked down to see if I was wearing my name badge but I wasn't.
'I am, but how did you know?'
He pointed at the wall. There was a bit of grafitti that just said 'Marianne sucks good cock. All you have to do is ask...' I laughed. 'Well, it's nice to have a reputation,' I said.
'But I'm not going to take this person's word for it,' he smiled, looking back at the grafitti. 'I want to find out for myself.'
I closed the toilet seat and sat down, which meant that huge hard cock was right in my face. I could feel my heart beating at the prospect of it and took a moment just to look at it, just take it in. It was hard, so hard I could see the blood beating through it, with fairly prominent veins meandering all over it. And long. I'm not all about size but this must have been eight inches or so... and thick. But it was the head that I couldn't take my eyes off. A perfect helmet, a beautiful browny-pink colour with a perfect teardrop of precum at the pee-hole. I leant forward and gently licked the pearl from the tip and looked up into his smiling face.
I wanted to savour this moment so to start with I just licked it. Looking up at him, I spread my tongue all over the head, dipped it into the pee hole, teased him while my hand gripped the shaft, which was so thick my fingers didn't meet around it. He was throwing his head back a little, his hands on his hips, enjoying what I was doing but desperate for more. 'Please...' he said.
I opened my mouth and took the head right in and sucked it, sloshed my tongue around it as I felt him try to get more of it in there. I felt a hand take the back of my head as he started to push his cock further down my throat while the other hands tarted to undo the top buttons of my overall. I put my hand up to stop him.
'Let me see your gorgeous tits while you suck me,' he said, a bit of desperation in his voice. His cock still in my mouth, I let him continue until he opened my overall, leant down to scoop my bra under my breasts and stood back to look at them jiggling as I sucked him. We were getting lots of eye contact, his hands were on my head, either the back of it, pulling it onto him or on my face, stroking my cheek, taking my chin in his hand.
And it wasn't just the head of his cock that I was enjoying, getting it wet and sticky with my saliva. I was licking the long, veiny shaft, pressing it against my face; licking the smooth balls all while holding his heavy buttocks in my hands.
'Your tits are amazing,' he said, looking down beyond my greedy cock-sucking mouth to my fat white tits which were swinging as I worked on him. Oh, I thought, a tits man. They are quite good breasts, I must admit. They hang a bit low -- well, I am in my late 60s -- but they're big and white and fairly unwrinkled.
I touched the tip of his cock to one of my nipples. He groaned. There was a droplet of precum, which I rubbed on my nipple then rubbed his cock on it. More groaning. I did the same with the second nipple and looked up to see his face intent on what was going on. Then, dribbling some saliva onto his cock, I shuffled forward on the toilet seat and put his cock between them, moving it gently up and down in the sticky spit. This was almost too much for him. I pushed my breasts together and felt his balls against my heart as he fucked my tits, the tip emerging up towards my throat with each thrust.
Then, looking up at his face, screwed up in ecstasy at the feeling of his cock between my tits, I spotted another face. James was looking over the top of the stall, watching me working this beautiful stranger. He caught my eye and just raised his eyebrows. Then on the other side, Jamie. Watching, no doubt wanking, as I used my tits to work this guy, who was about ten or fifteen years older than them. Rather than be annoyed at this invasion of our privacy, it actually turned me on to think I had an audience.
'Do you want to cum like this?' I whispered to the guy who now had his hands over my hands and was pressing my breasts tighter together around his cock.
'Oh, yeah... I'd love to,' he panted and continued to slide the cock almost aggressively in between my tits, faster and more urgently, his teeth grinding with lust, his face screwed up and then, on an upstroke, the sperm was released. The spurt was so violent it hit me in the face as did the second spurt and the third until my whole face was dripping. The rest went on my breasts and, using his cock, he directed some of it between them so that he could carry on tit-fucking me, the strokes getting slower as little shudders ran through his body.
I looked past him to the two faces over the toilet stall, smiling, looking at my cum-splattered faced and giving me looks as if to say, 'Fuck, Marianne, you're good...' Eventually they disappeared, before this guy could catch them having spied on him cumming all over me. He withdrew his cock from between my breasts, smiled that big gorgeous smile of his and got some toilet paper and began to dab his sperm off my face.
'Don't take all of it,' I said. 'I want to taste you...' So he drove a bit of the sperm towards my mouth with his finger so I could enjoy it then leant down to give me another deep kiss.
'Mmm, salty,' he grinned then pulled up his shorts and tried to get that softening but still huge penis back inside them. Then peeping out of the door to make sure there was no one in the bathroom, he kissed his finger, put his finger to my lips and whispered, 'See you on the other side.'
I heard the door to the bathroom shut, waited a moment then came out myself. The other two doors were closed so I knocked on them simultaneously. They opened almost simultaneously and, as I had thought, James and Jamie were in there, wanking.
'Oh god, Miss, that was hot,' said Jamie, wanking his beautiful cock furiously.
'It really was, Miss,' said James, also really going for it. 'When he came in your face...' And he came himself, all over the floor. I stepped towards him to help him with the last few spurts then I heard Jamie say, 'Me too, Miss,' as he started to cum, partly up the partition, partly on the floor. I did the same with him, taking his cock in my hand to feel the last couple of spurts.
'Thanks Miss,' he said. 'Shall I clean all this up...?'
'Don't worry,' I said, as he put his cock back into the almost see-through Speedos. 'I'll do it.' And the pair of them left. I went to my bucket, got my mop and, much as I hate to waste good sperm, mopped up the blobs they had left behind.
A few minutes later, just as I was about to leave, all floors -- and both breasts -- cleaned up, I took out the pen I always carry in my overall pocket and went back into the middle stall. On the grafitti that said 'Marianne sucks good cock...' I added my phone number.