All characters are over 18.
This definitely follows Ch.01 and that should be read first.
Please note that there are several possible explanations of the "room with a view" came to be set up but I considered it preferable not to describe how.
Suffice to say that in the story it is envisaged as (a) for consensual use only (b) with the knowledge and control of all parties involved and (c) for use with over-18s only.
________________________________________________
I followed Lucy up the stairs. I heard quiet music and muted voices from the back bedroom as I passed the door; it was a potent reminder that my aunt and Caroline's partner, Jack, were there. It would have been sordid enough to have overheard them in the adjoining room. It was doubly sordid for me and my aunt to be having sex in adjoining rooms -- with each other's knowledge -- at the same time. My senses were almost reeling.
Lucy led me to the main front bedroom and closed the door. The bed was king sized. There was an en-suite shower and wash basin in one corner. A mirrored dressing table faced the bed. The wallpaper and fitted furniture looked expensive.
The wall adjoining the back bedroom was clad in wood pannelling, though it looked like hardwood rather than cheaper knotty pine. It was rather retro, having been popular several years earlier, but a little quaint by now. Like the lounge, the windows were fitted were vertical blinds. They were drawn closed. Despite the rain outside, there was still adequate daylight to illuminate the room, however.
Lucy turned on the radio at a low volume and stood with her hands on her hips. She cast her eyes up and down me. Her subtly applied mascara emphasised the pale blue of her eyes. I admired her petite frame -- her slender legs, waist and hips, and her B-cup breasts rising and falling under her red satin blouse. But I now felt unaccountably shy and after meeting her gaze briefly I looked instead at her slender body.
"Well James. This IS a surprise, and no mistake. It's a long time since I've been with a young bloke. Have you ever been with an older woman?"
I shook my head, embarrassed. She flicked her tongue over her lips. As I mentioned earlier, it was a natural mannerism but it seemed very erotic to me.
"Relax. Would you like me to change into something more sexy? Or stay as I am? Would you like me to undress for you? Or would you like to undress me?" she asked softly.
I didn't know what to say.
"I know..." she continued.
In one corner of the room there was a small desk -- not a computer desk (though a laptop was on it), but just a small traditional desk. It appeared to be made of mahogany, and so did the hard chair in front of it. Lucy took me by the hand and led me to it. She gave my hand a little squeeze. I felt her wedding ring against my finger. My stomach fluttered and my erection tautened.
I blushed as the reality hit me. A married woman had brought me to her bedroom and was leading me by the hand to a chair. Her husband was right now indulging in foreplay downstairs with one of her friends, and my aunt was doing the same in the room right next to where I now found myself.
It was so sordid -- yet so delicious -- and Lucy motioned to me to sit down on the chair.
"We have an hour -- or so -- before we change partners. I'm so thrilled your aunt brought you, and that I drew first turn with you. Why don't you relax and let me tease you to begin with? Hmmm?" she crooned.
My expression must have given me away. She laughed. Then to my delight she stood astride my thighs and leaned forward. I glanced inside her blouse at her white bra and her pale skin. She smiled encouragingly.
"Oh don't worry love, I don't mean whips and PVC clothing. I just mean taking it slow-ly "(she dragged the word out) "to begin with. You just sit there and let me do the work to begin with? How does that sound, James?"
I was tempted to say it didn't sound as exciting as getting straight into it, but of course I didn't. Instead I nodded. She stooped to kiss me. I'd kissed plenty of times before that, of course. But the next minutes were something special. The best way I can explain my experience until this fateful evening is this.
You meet a girl and begin to get serious. You respect her and don't want to go too far too soon so you build it up slowly. Each date you get a little bolder. Your kisses become more passionate but as your hands wander they are gently rebuffed. So -- for the time being at least -- you make do with snogging. It becomes a substitute for what you really want.
But it is quite something to snog like that; because of course it's a substitute for sex. You want to go further, but you can't. So the kissing takes on a real passion. No wonder the old films used to show only discreet, fleeting, mouth-closed kissing. The snogging becomes very arousing and very erotic, too, because you are hoping that one day your straying hands will be welcomed rather than removed. You hope it's a sign of still better things to come.
And -- it occurred to me that night with my aunt's swinging friend -- you can lose out. Once a sexual relationship has begun there is still kissing, but not with the same intensity. I'd started to lose sight of that -- until now.
To begin with, Lucy and I shared a few brief, tentative kisses. They became more lingering, firmer. I remained seated on the chair. Lucy hitched up her black skirt and sat astride my thighs facing me. She was only about five feet three or four in height and lightly built, but she was well proportioned, and her gentle weight felt good resting on me and rocking slowly back and forth. Her lips were not very full, but she knew how to arouse with a kiss, when to break off, when to return.
I put my arm on her narrow waist and caressed her back through the warm slippery satin of her blouse. She tugged on my lower lip with her two. I can't remember which of us parted our lips first or whose tongue explored whose teeth first before testing whether touching tongues was okay. Suffice to say that soon we were kissing like two lovers on their second or third date.
Little whimpers and grunts escaped from us. Our tongues danced and flickered, then we reverted back to lip moulding, and back again to tongues. It was good to know that we had an hour or so ahead of us, and that there was no need to rush. I reckon we probably spent ten or fifteen minutes just snogging and hardly touching. She continued to rock slowly and irregularly back and forth on my lap. Once her crotch brushed my erection.
"You're a big boy!" she giggled.
But she was careful not to do the same again, probably -- and, to be honest, rightly -- for fear of over-stimulating me.
I now felt guilty for wishing I had been drawn with Caroline instead. I was savouring Lucy's actions and body. I found myself wondering how many times she had done this, and with how many different men. To be one of many felt very tawdry yet arousing. With a twinge of shock and excitement, even as Lucy and I snogged, I found myself wondering also about the number of partners my Aunt Anne had enjoyed
Lucy tilted her head back, and I nuzzled her neck and throat, inhaling her sweet perfume. She cupped my hands over her breasts and squeezed them against her modest but firm orbs. They were a delight to touch through the satin of her blouse.
She led my fingers to her blouse buttons.
"Time to unfasten this and give my tits a good suck, love," she crooned. "And by the way -- I'm no lady in the bedroom. I'm a slut, a slag, a whore -- YOUR slut, YOUR whore. Call me names -- tell me how nasty I am. If you like, that is," she added, self-consciously. "But if you DO like, I won't be offended. I find it a turn on in fact!"
Her red silky blouse was very alluring but it was indeed time for it to be removed to reveal her breasts. I unfastened the buttons down to the waistband of her skirt. She tugged her blouse free and I unfastened the remaining buttons. I peeled it open. I saw her white, lacy bra covering her modest orbs. Her skin was pale. Her bra stood out in contrast with it. The pretty pattern was offset by the smoothness of her skin. My heart was pounding.
Lucy smiled at me. I looked briefly into her piercing blue eyes, then at her slightly dishevelled hair and at her narrow lips. As well as licking her lips she also had a way of drawing her lower lip under her upper one, as if in thought. It was very appealing. She shuffled forward on my lap. Her weight and movement aroused me further. She slipped her blouse from her slender arms. It slid sensually to the floor. She was content to leave it there.
This fleeting image imprinted on my mind for a long time to come. I had always enjoyed the look and feel of a smartly dressed female, and loved foreplay and undressing my former girlfriends when they were so clad. But more often than not they fussed about not wanting their nice clothes to get creased, and about needing to fold them neatly before resuming. It was an understandable but annoying distraction.
Lucy's blouse was smart, well tailored, and probably expensive. Her dropping it on the floor and leaving it where it lay seemed very significant. In that moment she seemed like a mature, cheating wife who wanted urgently to get down to business, and for whom a few creases or footsteps on her expensive, discarded clothes mattered nothing.
She ran her tongue over her lips again and leaned forward. She brought her shallow cleft to my face. I pressed into it, with one smallish lace-clad orb on each side. Her skin was soft and smooth, and her breastbone was hard. I cupped her breasts through her pretty, white bra and kneaded them. She stretched up and brushed her left orb against my mouth. I felt her nipple, and something hard. She chuckled softly and peeled down her bra cup. Though her mid-pink nipple she had a small gold hoop.
I'm fairly indifferent about piercings. But her age and marital status made hers seem alluring.
I took it between my lips and gently tugged it, pulling her nipple by it. I brought my teeth onto the gold ring and thrilled in the feel and the sound of it. I drew her nipple into my mouth and sucked the rubbery point, the soft surrounding tit flesh and the gold hoop. She cooed and whimpered.
I swept my hands over her back and unclipped her bra, then swept the straps from her shoulders and dropped it onto the floor on top of her blouse. I glanced down at the two carelessly discarded garments. The white of her bra made the shimmering red of her blouse stand out the more.
I kneaded her B-cup breasts and gently pinched her nipples. Her breasts were fairly firm for her age and only sagged a little. They were in perfect proportion to her slender frame. Her nipples went tauter now and jutted invitingly away from her breasts. She dug her hand down between her crotch and mine to rub my erection.
"Mmmm.... STILL a big boy I see!" she grunted in my ear. She flicked her tongue along my upper lip, under my nose, and we resumed snogging, but this time accompanied by my fondling her mature, smallish breasts and alternating with my kissing and sucking them. I grunted my approval. So did she.
She stood up and took my hand in hers. My eyes were drawn to her wedding ring. Again I thought of her husband and Caroline had reached downstairs, and pictured his head buried in her big, ripe bust. I thrilled at the prospect of doing the same with Caroline. With another twinge of guilt I thought of my dad's sister, just a yard or two away on the other side of the wall of the room where I was embroiled with Lucy.
I tried to dismiss my speculation, but with a chill shudder, related questions flooded my mind. "Aunt Anne -- are you thinking about ME having sex with your friend? Are you wondering what I'm doing, Auntie? I'm sucking her tits and chewing her nipple piercing, Auntie... but... oh Auntie -- even as I'm doing it I'm wondering what it would be like to suck and fondle YOURS...!"
I drew a deep breath and tried to focus on the sight and sensations before me instead. However tantalising the thought, having sex with my aunt was so illicit, so taboo, I needed to dismiss it.
Lucy led me round the bed.
"I want to show you something, love," she said in a conspiratorial way. "Whether you want to see it is up to you..."
She drew her lower lip under her upper one again. It seemed to heighten the mysteriousness of her words. But they were an unwelcome distraction to me.
"When we rolled the dice to see who got to fuck in which room, this one was described as the room with a view. Want to know why?" she continued.
I shrugged my shoulders non-commitally. I was more interested in getting on with screwing her.
She leaned forward over a low chest of drawers and to my surprise she put her face to the wooden-clad partition wall that separated the bedroom where my aunt was.
"Ho-ho!" she chuckled, then turned round to me -- though I had already guessed what was going on.
"You may have noticed that some of the knot holes have come away from the wood..." Lucy said.
My stomach was churning.
"Bill drilled right through the partition wall in some of those places -- to make this a 'room with a view'. Some helluva view, at times, too. A view into what is taking place in the back bedroom at our 'social evenings'."
Already I was in the grip of an intense debate. To look or not to look? As well as my lust, anger rose in me, a desire to protect my aunt. Lucy must have seen the change in my expression.
"Oh it's not what you think. Everyone who comes to our parties knows. The choice is theirs. They can cover the peep-holes. Whenever they choose to. IF they choose to! Putting on a show for each other isn't compulsory! But..." her voice dropped lower as she added, "they often do!"
At this, my stomach churned again as Lucy's words -- spoken so casually, as if it was the most normal of accessories in a bedroom -- sank into my mind. It appeared from Lucy's reaction when peeping that my aunt had chosen not to cover the spy-holes and instead to provide the opportunity for me, her nephew, to peep at her!
I felt light-headed. It was surreal. It was too good -- and too illicit -- to be true, especially after the embarrassing episode of my aunt busting me watching the porn movie, and the mounting desire for her that I had felt since.
Lucy's hand cupped my balls and squeezed them. I looked down at the rude movement of her hand.
"So, the question is, James -- do you want to see the view? Hmmm?"
Had I been in the room alone I would have felt torn both ways, though I admit I would probably have succumbed quickly. But to admit to Lucy a desire to see my aunt having sex seemed too perverted.
"It's cool," Lucy murmured. The tension almost prevented me for noticing how corny this sounded from an English woman of her age. "She MUST want you to, or she would have covered the peep-holes, James. She was hardly going to forget that her own nephew was going to be in here fucking me while she herself fucked her friend's partner, was she, now? Besides..."
Her fingers unzipped my jeans and slid inside. Her thumb brushed the damp, slightly sticky front of my boxers. I looked down and watched my jeans betraying the movements of her hands. I groaned at teh sight and sensation.
"Besides, she told me she thinks you're hot and that she knows you think she is! Yes, she told me that!" Lucy added triumphantly as she saw the disbelief on my face.
"Why don't you have a quick peek at your auntie? Hmmm?" she insisted. "The opportunity may not last, you know. She might get up any minute and cover the peep-holes, and you'll have missed your chance. Just think how annoying that would be! Think how you'll feel tomorrow, next week, knowing you missed such a chance as that! Hmmm? You KNOW you want to, James. You know that SHE wants you to, as well.
"And as for me -- it's cool," she continued. "I really think so. I don't see anything wrong in it! It's not illegal or anything. It's very naughty, of course... but it's not just me that's urging you to. Your aunt is -- by leaving the peep-holes uncovered. She's offering you a view of her you've never had before -- and soon it may be gone, James! Gone -- forever!"
Her hands were kneading my balls through my boxers. The inner conflict was intensifying, but Lucy spoke softly and persuasively, and her persuasion was accented by her hand inside my jeans. My indecision racked me. The surge of my mixed emotions was almost painful yet also a delight.
"Of course it's naughty!" she continued. "But no-one else need know. And besides, the naughtiness is half the fun, isn't it? Pushing the boundaries, I mean. It's up to you, of course; I'm not going to make you. But you KNOW you want to see her naked, or half-naked at least, having sex or at least foreplay. I know you want to. Your auntie knows you want to. And, like I say, James, your auntie WANTS you to see her... that's why she's giving you the chance..."
In the end I justified it to myself by telling myself it would be wimpish to bottle out when encouraged by my sex partner. My heart was pounding as I took Lucy's place and brought my eye to the spy hole...
I had to stifle a gasp, though the view I had was far from explicit.
Caroline's partner Jack was lying on his back. He was only wearing boxers. My Aunt Anne was wearing a white, doctor-style, button-through jacket. She actually had a stethoscope, too. I suddenly remembered that her late father, my great Uncle George, had been a doctor in general practice.
Only the middle two buttons of her jacket were fastened.
I was longing to see her naked breasts. Their smallness, though, meant that despite the jacket gaping open, it only bared part of her orbs and kept her nipples hidden. Her bare, long, strong legs looked fabulous. She was still wearing her red stilettos. Her jacket revealed a small pair of lacy panties. They were bright red. They stood out in sharp contrast to her pale skin and the white cotton of her doctor's jacket. And, being red, they seemed brash -- brazen, even.
Through the spy-hole I saw Aunt Anne step over to Jack and place the stethoscope on various parts of his chest and sides, then his abdomen. Then to my shock and delight she lifted the waistband of his underpants. She slid the stethoscope inside. My erection solidified.
My aunt motioned to Jack to pull them down. He obeyed. He was hard -- like me. His erection looked a little longer than mine, though not by much. And my dad's sister was gazing at it intently.
Perspiration broke out on my brow. Aunt Anne gingerly raised his hard shaft then placed the stethoscope on it and on his hairy balls. She took his erection near the tip between her finger and thumb. She gave it a little squeeze, removed her hand and did the same mid way, then near the hairy base. It was no medical procedure, but she did it almost in a clinical way as if examining it medically rather than sexually.
I made myself look away. I hadn't seen much of my aunt's body. But I had seen her playing with the erection of a bloke whose partner was downstairs having sex with Lucy's husband. And her role-play, whilst fairly tame, was quite a revelation. I had always considered her straight-laced.
But Lucy was standing next to me looking through another spy-hole. Her eyes were bright.
"Look at her, James... look at her examining his hard cock!"
Lucy's crude language aroused me further. I found myself drawn to the spy hole once more. Aunt Anne was slowly shafting Jack's erection with her hand while gazing at it with her head tilted, as if trying to check that it was functioning normally. She leaned forward and held it under her nose, again retaining a detached, pseudo-medical expression.
"I bet your auntie's going to suck it!" Lucy cackled softly beside me.
I made myself look away again. I felt truly perverted to be spying on my aunt like this, but it was hard to look away. And I was stirred by the fact that, as Lucy had pointed out, Aunt Anne had clearly chosen to allow us to spy on her. Most of all I was stirred -- and revolted -- at the thought of seeing my dad's sister with a penis in her mouth. But it was almost impossible to resist the urge to look again.
I admit that although my aunt and Caroline's partner, Jack, both knew I was probably watching, it felt deliciously seedy to be supposedly secretly "spying" on them.
Aunt Anne didn't take Jack's erection into her mouth, though. I was racked both by relief and disappointment. Instead she lay on the bed over him, supporting herself with one arm on the bedhead, which was made of vertical metal bars with a curved bar joining them. She straddled one of Jack's thighs and humped it with her crotch. Her white jacket still covered just her midriff and her outer thigh, but was open at the top and bottom as he ground and rubbed against him.
I watched Jack's hand slip up inside her doctor's jacket. I gazed on as her hand went back to play with his erection. I saw Jack raise his other hand to the open flap at the top of her doctor's coat. He dragged it aside.
Then I saw it. I will carry the image to my dying day.
Aunt Anne's bared breast was indeed little, but with a big, puffy nipple. Instead of having a flat areola from which the tip arose, her whole nipple was a cone-shaped point. It was pale pink. She rubbed it against Jack's lips. He sucked it into his mouth. As I "spied" on them! With my aunt's full knowledge and express intention. Shamelessly. And... and, could it even be, I wondered... with the hope of seducing me?
And then -- then she looked right across at us, though of course she could not see us. And she raised her eyebrows and smiled. I had to look away, blushing.
When I looked back, Aunt Anne was walking towards the wall -- and towards me. She slid the doctor's coat off her shoulders and arms. For a few fleeting moments I saw her gorgeous little breasts and cone-like nipples, her flattish stomach and long, well-toned legs. She was naked apart from her red shoes and her red panties. Then she draped the white coat somehow over the spy-hole. She was hidden from me. I could see her no more.
I turned around to see Lucy reclining on the bed. Her modest, B-cup breasts sagged just a little. She was tugging on her nipples alternately, tugging her right one and then tugging on the left one by the gold hoop piercing. Her breasts rippled and stretched deliciously.
Lucy's knees were parted and bent a little. Her black skirt was high up her thighs, and between them I could see her panties. They were made of black satin and were not tiny but not big either. Above the tops of her black, shiny stockings her pale skin was nicely set off by her black suspenders and black satin panties. Although she was slim, a couple of narrow creases ran across her stomach.
She licked her lips and smiled saucily.
"Come to Lucy, James. I'm a slut. I'm hot and horny and dying for it. My husband's downstairs but I don't care. I want your cock -- your HARD... YOUNG... EAGER... THROBBING... BIG, BLOODY cock..."
Each accented word fuelled my desire. So strangely, did the sound of the rain on the window. Maybe it lent a primordial feel to my fraught emotions. Lucy ran her tongue over her lips again. I was glad of the background sound of the radio to mask the voices from the room next door, and to mask ours from them.
"I want it in my mouth... but first I want you to come and suck my tits and finger my nasty, married, cheating cunt..."
Her coarseness thrilled me, and I lay on the bed beside her. Another bead of perspiration broke as I wondered whether my aunt had had sex right where I was lying. Lucy leaned to one side, proffering her each breast to me in turn to kiss and to suck on. I stared at them and took each greedily, nuzzling and sucking loudly, and biting and tugging on her piercing. She led my hand up between her parted thighs and with a thrill I met her satin-covered crotch. I could feel her pubes through the warm, dank fabric.
I looked down. Her plain black satin panties shimmered in the soft light. She dragged them aside and I gazed at the sight that welcomed me.
Beyond the area that her panties had covered she was shaved smooth. But where her panties had been and surrounding her puffy mound, her dark pubes were long and verdant. I was spellbound. She pressed down on her pouting mound and her outer lips eased open. She pressed a little harder, and the sight of her pink, shiny inner flesh next to the surrounding dark hairs greeted me.
She took my hand in hers and guided my first two fingers inside her moist opening. She gave a low stifled gasp as they entered her.
"Is it nice, James? Is it wet? Is that mature MARRIED pussy tight enough, hmmm?"
"Yes. Oh yes!" I said.
"I'm a real slut aren't I?" she urged.
I was reluctant to speak in this kind of way, as it seemed disrespectful and abusive. But she was egging me on and had already encouraged me to do so.
"Yes, you are, Lucy. You... you should know better at your age. I... I'm only half your age and yet you're wanting me to... to fuck you," I said, my voice husky with excitement and nerves. But it was liberating and arousing to speak to her like this. I squeezed her right breast roughly and tugged on her piercing with my teeth to stimulate her left one. She moaned softly.
"And... and your husband's downstairs," I continued, looking into her eager pale eyes and at her narrow lips. As I spoke this, her eyes dilated with lust. She cooed and groaned as I fingered her, stroking her swollen, lips, her hairy mound and her moist slit.
"But you don't care do you, you... you cheating... bitch!" I added. "And if that's what you want, I'll oblige..."
"Yes, yes, please do -- I DO want it!" she replied. "But first I want to suck your cock while you eat my married, cheating pussy..."
She unbuttoned my shirt and I watched as her lithe fingers swept across my chest. I gazed at her wedding ring. She leaned over me and we kissed again, deeply, passionately, our tongues exploring each other's mouths and dancing against each other. My fingers found her nipple-ring and I tugged on it again. The flesh of her orb tautened and stretched appealingly, and her nipples were hard. Four or five times I pressed each one in turn flat with my tongue and watched it rise again.
Lucy stood up and put her hands up her skirt. She dragged her black panties slowly down her slender, black-stockinged legs. I followed her lead and stood up to remove the rest of my clothes, but I was watching the journey of her hands and her panties as I did so.
To my delight I saw her eyes rest on my erection. I felt oddly awkward and embarrassed as it jutted out in greeting towards her. She stepped out of her panties and left them on the floor -- another item of discarded clothing, this time on the opposite side of the bed to where her bra and crumpled blouse lay.
She stepped to the wall and looked through the spy-hole into the room where my aunt and Jack were, but shrugged her shoulders and smiled saucily back at me.
"Worth checking -- but they're still hidden from view," she said.
My stomach fluttered at the reminder that my aunt was having sex in the room next to ours right as Lucy and I were about to engage in sixty-nine.
Lucy's breasts looked very enticing, despite being not quite as firm as I was used to. As I looked at them, modest in size and just slightly sagging with her maturity, I wondered again how many men had seen them and savoured them in this very room -- and on this, her marital bed -- while her husband took his pleasure with their partners. I gazed at her nipple piercing. It seemed a visible testimony to her vibrant, forty-something sexuality.
I lay on my back on the bed with my head on the pillow. I wondered whether it was the side of the bed where her husband Bill usually lay. Lucy came to join me. Her breasts swayed subtly but sensually. Again I looked into her blue eyes, and as she eyed me up and down she did that running-of-her-tongue thing across her lips again. I saw my erection twitch in an appreciative salute.
From the bedside chest of drawers she took a condom and unwrapped it. She also tossed a tube of lube on the bed. I told myself that she wouldn't need it, as I would get her more than wet enough before I entered her.
She knelt beside me, but facing away from me towards the foot of the bed. Then she hiked up her smart, black skirt to her waist and swung her leg over my head and chest so that she was straddling me. It only took a moment for the move to be complete but it seemed one of the most erotic sights I have seen before or since.
It wasn't the first time I had experienced sixty-nine oral sex. But it was the first time I had done so with a woman old enough to be my mother. Lucy was married, too, yet she was swinging her leg over me to tender her naked hairy, cuckolding pussy to me. Not for penetration, either, but for oral sex. And as she lowered it to my eagerly awaiting face it almost seemed to wink at me, part opening, the pink, married lips surrounded by verdant dark hair. I inhaled her musky aroma.
In the mirror on the dressing table I saw her gaze eagerly at my eagerly awaiting erection. She closed her fingers round it and I felt the hardness of her wedding ring against my skin. She eased the condom over my tip and as she rolled it down my throbbing length she lowered her mouth to my tip. I groaned.
She began to lick. And to suck. And as she did so she lowered her hairy pussy to my eager mouth. And I too began to lick. And to suck. I stared into the mirror at her head sliding up and down my length. It reminded me of the porn movies I watched -- and I suddenly remembered being busted by my Aunt Anne.
Lucy's skirt was bunched up around her waist and I gazed at her pale bum cheeks and the backs of her thighs. I gazed, too, at her dark bum hole, crinkled and puckered. And I kneaded her left bum cheek with my left hand and her right leg, slender and stockinged, with my right hand.
I cupped both her bum cheeks and kneaded and rolled them, exposing and veiling her bum hole and effectively stimulating it as I rolled her buttocks outwards. Her bunched-up skirt and black, lacy stocking tops seemed like a frame to retain my gaze, though there was little risk of it straying. My gaze rested on her dark silky pubes and the pinkness in their midst.
The rain outside began to hammer on the window and it was as if this force of nature drove my primitive instincts. I licked and tugged on her pussy lips with my mouth. I lashed her hard, sticky clit with my tongue. One of her hairs stuck to my tongue but I was too engrossed to remove it. She was sucking me harder. The erotic, up and down movements of her cuckolding head were accompanied by the lewd sounds of each of our eager mouths on tender flesh.
I groaned again. So did she. After a few delicious minutes I sensed that my orgasm would soon approach and, much as I wanted to come inside her mouth -- albeit wearing a condom -- I really wanted to come inside her even more. It seemed somehow naughtier given her married status.
She sensed my approaching point of no return and seemed to share my wishes, for she withdrew her verdant pussy from my mouth. I took the opportunity to remove the fine hair from my tongue.
She looked over her shoulder and brushed her slightly untidy, shoulder-length hair from her face. She held my gaze with her blue eyes.
"Would you like to come in my mouth or fuck me?" she asked.
Her directness and coarseness seemed at delicious odds with the affluence of our surroundings and with her earlier apparent primness.
"I... er... would it be alright to... er... to fuck you, Lucy?" I stuttered.
My sudden embarrassment annoyed me, but then she had caught me off-guard, and to be honest the intensity of the whole situation was slightly intimidating. She was at an advantage, too, having been privy to what was going to take place that evening, whereas it had been sprung on me. I was still struggling to believe it was real.
She gyrated her hips seductively. Her bum cheeks and her pussy were still close to my face. I reached up and ran my fingers through her silky pubes and stroked her soft spongy lips. She whimpered. I ran my fingers along her slit. It was slick with her arousal. I smirked to myself at the knowledge that the lube would be redundant.
"Pussy or arsehole?" she enquired.
Her question stunned me. Suddenly the significance of the lube struck home. But I was speechless.
"Ever done a woman up the arse?" she enquired gently, looking over her shoulder at my eager gaze. She licked her lips and wiggled her hips again in invitation to whichever option I should choose. I shook my head.
"Would you like to, James? Would you like to do this cheating married woman up her arsehole? Would you like me to be your anal slut as well as your oral slut, James?"
I nodded.
"Yes. Yes Lucy. I want that. I want you to be my nasty married cheating slut. I... I want to fuck your arse and come deep inside it, you... you slutty tramp. Thank you," I added lamely.
My words seemed to make her face light up. She swung off me and squeezed some lube along my condom-clad erection. Then she tossed the tube to me and told me to squeeze some just above her bum-hole and then rub it around it.
My heart was thumping in my chest. As I followed her instructions I was again terribly aware that her husband was downstairs with the busty Caroline, and wondered what they were doing right now. I wondered if Bill guessed that right now I was rubbing my lubed fingertip over his wife's most secret and private place.
I thought too of my aunt and wondered if she was giving or receiving oral sex or being -- FUCKED (the association of the word with my aunt sent a shudder of illicit delight through me) -- as I prepared to embark on a new and naughty sexual venture just yards away.
I looked at Lucy's bum crack and dark, puckered bum-hole, glistening with lube. In a wanton move Lucy lowered her shoulders and raised her bum a little higher in invitation. She patiently instructed me and, after a few tentative partial probes and withdrawals, I eased inside her. I had to withdraw quickly as the pressure was almost painful, but my married and experienced instructor had told me to expect this. I wondered whether without the viagra I would have remained hard.
My head was spinning at being coached by a married woman twice my age whose husband was downstairs. And -- I know I'm repeating myself, but the knowledge heightened the illicitness of what I was doing -- the intensity was the greater for knowing that I was doing all this just three yards or so from my aunt, with only a thin wall separating us.
But when I entered my instructress the second time, the constriction was less. I eased deeper, thrilling in the clasping but bearable tightness. At her request I rested my hand on her pussy and began to rub her hard clit. I looked into the dressing table mirror and on her face I saw a grimace of satisfaction and lust.
"Are you watching it, James? Does it look nasty going in and out? Can you see my arse stretching to take your big hard young cock?" she murmured, looking back at me and licking her lips.
I simply groaned "yes" in response. And then I started to thrust in and out, very gently, then, as the pressure eased a little more, I thrust slightly harder and deeper. I braced my other hand gently on her back as I continued to frig her. I could feel her soft, smooth skin and the hardness of her spine. In the mirror I could see her slightly pendulous breasts surging rhythmically in time with my thrusts. But my gaze was drawn to the obscene sight of my condom-coated shaft pumping slowly in and out of her most private place.
"That's it, James! OOOOH yes, I can't believe this is your first time. Fuck my slut-arse harder, you bad bastard! You know how much I love it, even though I'm married and old enough to be your mother!"
I wish I could say that this went on for ages, but I only lasted for a few minutes. And, in response to Lucy's pleas (though I felt slightly uncomfortable about doing so) I repeatedly called her a married slut as I slammed into her and frigged her (despite her earlier invitation, these were the strongest terms I could bring myself to use). The sound of my body slapping into and against hers in synch with my thrusts seemed to fill my head. We both came at the same time. She pushed herself back onto me as I spent myself in her illicit opening. I felt her pussy dance and jerk against the persistent rubbing of my finger, too. As I withdrew her bum-hole gaped rudely, then clamped closed once more.
She reached for a pack of wipes. I placed one over my erection and slid off the condom neatly wrapped in it. It sagged with a fair volume of my spent seed. I dropped it into a pedal bin that was by the bed. I was going to wipe my manhood clean with another, but she pulled the wipes away from me.
She looked at her watch and giggled. I looked at her naked body, as she half-sat up.
"Still a good fifteen minutes or so," she whispered. "Time for us to clean each other up..."
She stooped over and licked my tip, poking her tongue into my slit and running up and down its length, licking as she went. Then she guided my head down over her modest breasts and over her hairy mound to her pouting lips. I followed her example and after easing them open with my fingers I lapped and licked. I poked my tongue into the bottom of her opening and licked it, then licked up and down to her clit. The scent of her musky juice filled my nostrils. Then we kissed again, and she cooed and whimpered as we tasted ourselves and each other.