Chapter Four
Warning: this story contains male-on-male sex acts.
I spend the next day in a mixture of bliss and confusion. The afterglow of the best sex I've ever had coupled with a deep philosophical questioning about my sexuality. I had taken a cock up my ass and it made me come like a backed-up fire hydrant. It was a plastic cock, sure, with a gorgeous woman on the other end, but still. It was a cock, and I pushed back against it, rolled my hips, moaned and begged for more. Thinking about it makes my asshole clench and my dick twitch.
Once again, I spend my shift in anticipation, but this time I'm not just thinking about sodomizing Marla. Every once in a while, I can't help but fantasize about that plastic cock in my ass. I remember Marla's skin against mine, the smell of her sweat, and the feeling of my ass stretched around the dildo as she thrusts in and out, stimulating my prostate.
And that's when she walks in, right at that perfect moment. Seeing her face makes me instantly hard. I give her the key, and she strokes my hand as she takes it, staring into my eyes.
"Jack's in town, just send him up when he gets here. And feel free to join us if you have some free time, I do so enjoy our little games," she winks at me and walks towards the elevators. Once again, I stare at her ass as she walks, and she knows I do because without even looking back she lifts up her skirt and pulls her thong aside as she bends over way too much to push the elevator call button, and she winks at me again.
A few minutes later the phone rings from her room. I pick up and she pants, "guess what I'm doing right now?" I lick my lips and open my mouth to guess but she interrupts me, "I'm doing to me what I did to you last night," she says, punctuating with a moan. I picture her shoving the double-ended dildo in her asshole, and even though it doesn't matter I hope she's using the same end she used on me. "Maybe later, you can do it to me yourself... and not with the dildo."
I'm about to tell her exactly what I think of that when she hangs up on me. I guess it was a rhetorical phone call. There's not much work to do at that time of the evening, so I ponder a question that's been on my mind. Would I rather fuck Marla in the ass, or have her fuck me? Why not both? But then, in what order?
My musings are interrupted by a guest arriving in the lobby. Rude. I recognize him instantly.
"Jack." He smiles his George Clooney smile at me and offers his hand. I shake it. Good grip.
"Is my dirty little whore in?" he asks, like one would ask about the weather.
"Yes, she's waiting for you. Room 405."
"Excellent! I haven't emptied my balls since last night, I'm about ready to blow. What do you think, young man, should I paint her face or destroy her ass?"
"Um... I mean, you could always put it in her ass and then pull out to come on her face... I guess?"
He nods, and I feel like I've passed a test of some kind.
"I like the way you think. Will you be joining us tonight?"
"Oh, most definitely."
"I can't wait!" There's that Clooney smile again. "See you soon," he calls from the elevator as the doors close.
I'm not sure how I feel about this guy, I get the feeling that he wants to do more than just watch fuck his wife. I fear (or is it hope?) that he wants to stick his big beautiful cock in various holes in my body, and I'm not sure that I'm ready for that just yet.
Well, it might not matter anyway because after a boring shift I look at the clock to see it's midnight and there's still a key on the board. It's those bitches from 402, the ones I peeked in on last night. They haven't returned from whatever (whoever?) they're doing, and I can't close up to visit Marla and Jack until they do.
I've resigned myself to missing out on the fun when they finally return, long past one in the morning. They've got a couple of guys with them, but I can't tell if they're the same ones as last night. They're both tall and athletic-looking, one blonde to match the girl at his side, the other dark-haired and olive-skinned. Hispanic, or Native. The girls walk up to the counter with the guys flanking them. They're all staring at me. I give the key to the red-haired girl and she grabs my wrist and pulls me in.
"Where were you last night?" she asks.
"Excuse-me?"
"I called reception around midnight and there was no answer, so I came down and you weren't there. Where were you? Were you in another room, spying on people?"
Oh shit. What? I can feel beads of perspiration forming on my forehead.
"Yeah, we saw you. We all saw you." They all nod in agreement. "There's mirrors on the sides."
Oh, right. There are.
"You work here, you don't even know that?"
"I, erm..."
"Whatever. Let's go." They start to walk towards the elevators.
"Wait! Please don't tell my boss," I plead. The red-haired girl looks back at me with a mixture of pity and disgust.
"I'll do anything you want!"
She shares a look with the Hispanic guy and says, "Really? I'll hold you to that..."
They go up in the elevators and I'm left alone to lock up and ponder the depths of my stupidity. The fucking mirrors! I knew about the mirrors, of course! I'd let my dick do the thinking again. And now I'm on the hook with this crazy chick... well, I don't know that she's crazy, but she looks crazy. Crazy hot. I hope the favor she's planning on cashing in is of a sexual nature, but let's be realistic, she'll probably drain my bank account rather than my balls.
After I finish locking up, I hesitate about what to do next. I have an open invitation from Marla and Jack, if they're still up at this hour, but I don't know if I feel up to it. Maybe I should just go to bed and jerk myself to sleep.
The phone interrupts my dilemma with its screeching ring and I pick up, reflexively answering, "Marla?"
"Uhm, no... it's Laura." I recognize the voice. Crazy red-haired chick. Disappointing non-crazy name.
"Yes, ma'am, what can I do for you?"
"Anything I want, remember?"
Gulp.
"...yeah..."
"Well? Come on up, we ain't got all night."
***
I stare at the door with its shiny 402 plaque, my heart beating in my throat. I knock twice and croak, "Reception."
A very naked man opens the door for me. It's the blonde guy, and he's a real blonde all right. He's a bit taller than me, I'd guess around 6'2, thin and wiry, with taut, well-defined muscles. My eyes wander down for half a second and I see his cock standing at full mast, long and thin to match his body.
He sticks out his hand. "Carl," he says in a breath as I shake his hand, wondering if the dampness is sweat or pussy juice. I follow him into the bedroom proper, where the two girls are slobbering on the other guy's cock and balls.
"Rafael," Carl says, pointing to the olive-skinned guy, "Julie," the blonde conscientiously working Rafael's shaft down her throat.
"And the lovely Laura," I add, watching her ass ripple as she bobs her head in Rafael's lap. She gives me the finger without even looking at me. Carl points to a chair facing the bed where the action is happening, "Strip, and sit."
I look at him, at the chair, then back at him. "You can sit still on your own, or we can tie you down to the chair," he says, not smiling anymore. "Your choice."
I choo-choo-choose to be a good boy and take off all my clothes. I fold them neatly on the writing desk and sit in the chair. Laura sits up and turns to face me.
"You like to watch?"
I do. I nod.
"Then you can watch, but that's it. You don't get up from that chair, you don't talk unless we talk to you first, and don't even think about putting your hands anywhere near that pathetic excuse for a penis!"
Hey. That's not fair. It's pretty decent when it's hard.
I nod my assent and Laura smirks. "Be a good boy, and we might even let you come."
"Maybe," says Julie, taking the cock out of her mouth just to taunt me. Laura seizes the opportunity and wraps her lips around Rafael's helmet, coaxing a deep moan out of him. The scene looks like a dirty Renaissance painting, with Rafael as the broad-shouldered, thick-muscled king, sprawled on his bed with his legs wide open, his hands caressing the bodies of the nymphs attending to his staff. Laura is kneeling with her head down in Rafael's lap, her ass facing me, purposely moving her legs to spread her cheeks and show me a glimpse of her wet snatch. I swallow as I focus on her lips, bordered by a thin tuft of fiery hair.
And then Carl is blocking my view as he mounts the bed behind Laura and rests his long tool in the crack of her ass. She slides up and down around him as he spits in his hand and coats his shaft. He takes the tip of his cock in his hand and drags it down her crack, across her tiny puckered hole, and all along the cleft of her lips.
He turns his head and nods at me as he enters her slowly. I'm fully erect now, and I have to use all my willpower to keep my hands at my sides. I can feel tiny beads of perspiration forming on my brow, trickling down my face. I don't dare wipe it off.
Carl is methodically thrusting inside Laura now, pumping in hard and slowly pulling out on each stroke. I look over at Julie and Rafael, she's bouncing on his cock reverse-cowgirl, facing me, her eyes half-closed in ecstasy as she rolls her hips to take him all the way inside her. Laura reaches a hand up to Julie's breast and starts tweaking her nipple. Julie opens her eyes and leans forward to kiss the redhead. They suck on each other's tongue for a while, and then Rafael yanks Julie away by her hair to shove his pulsating member in Laura's mouth. She takes him eagerly, bobbing up and down on his rod while Julie sneaks up behind him and spreads his cheeks. Rafael sticks out his ass to give her access, and she dives in.
I can't see all that well, but I like to imagine she's got her tongue all the way up his ass while he's mouth-fucking the bitchy redhead. I realize I'm right when she stops and comes up to say, "He's ready for you now." Rafael turns around and drops down on all fours, arching his back and spreading his legs, giving me full view of his glistening rosebud. Laura whines as Carl pulls out of her, and it looks like she's almost offended to not have a cock inside of her.
Carl moves behind Rafael and strokes his shaft between the young man's cheeks before sliding his mushroom head in his anus, prompting a groan from Rafael as his sphincter stretches to accommodate Carl's bulbous tip. I watch with fascination as Carl slowly pushes his entire cock in Rafael's ass inch by inch. I'm even more aroused than I was previously, surprised that it's even possible. My own rosebud twitches in need as I observe the lewd scene, practically drooling with envy.
Once Carl is fully inside of him, Rafael shoves Julie down on her back, lifts up her legs and spreads them, resting her ankles on his shoulders, and drives his cock home in one stroke, all the way to her cervix judging by the look on her face. She screams as he pounds her rhythmically, timing his thrusts in her pussy with Carl's thrusts in his ass.
Just as I start to think this couldn't get dirtier, Laura crawls over to Julie and sits on her face, grinding her lips against the blonde's mouth. Carl withdraws from Rafael and spreads his cheeks wide to show me his gape. He looks back at me and my dick twitches in response. I'm dying to fuck something and honestly, any hole would do. If I could, I'd jam my cock in that gaping asshole and go to town.
Carl stands up on the bed and grabs Laura's hair, forcing her down on his tool. She sucks it eagerly, completely unfazed that it just came out of another man's ass.
"My turn," Julie says as she yanks Carl away from Laura, shoves him down on his back on the bed, and mounts his cock. "Oh God, I've been waiting all night for this, come on!"
She leans over to shove her tongue in Carl's mouth as Laura spreads her cheeks wide and spits on her asshole. Rafael isn't as gentle as Carl when it comes to sodomy, and his cock is thicker too, making Julie scream in a mixture of pain and pleasure as he shoves his member in her ass without restraint. He really goes to town on her, savaging her poor little asshole, until he's moaning and grunting and warning "I'm gonna come."
Laura pulls him out and grabs his cock. "No, not yet! We were going to do that thing, remember?"
"Oh yeah, right," he says as he wipes the sweat off his brow.
"Don't worry, you'll get yours," says Laura as she slowly strokes him to keep him hard. Meanwhile, Carl is thrusting away at Julie, pulling her in by her hips on every stroke, and suddenly she's spasming and twitching and moaning sounds that don't make sense. Carl rolls her off him and leaves her to her post-orgasmic bliss.
"You boys ready?" Julie asks. They nod. Carl gets up off the bed and comes to my chair, his dick pointing at my face. It's so close I can smell Julie's cunt. I could poke my tongue out and lick it.
"You like that?" Carl asks. "You want to give it a go?" My heart rate nearly doubles as I struggle with the implications of that offer, realizing that I kind of do want to try it, just once, just the tip, just to see how it feels.
But Laura has other plans. "No, he doesn't get to do anything but watch." She kneels in front of him and takes him into her mouth, and she's so close I can smell her perfume. Rafael comes up behind him and bends him over, spreading his cheeks. I've got a front-row seat to this show of debauchery, and if it keeps up any longer I might just come without even touching myself. I swallow hard as I watch Rafael penetrate Carl, going at it a lot more gently than with Julie.
"Oh shit, yeah! Give it to me," pleads Carl as he reaches behind him to spread his ass even more, while Laura deepthroats him. "I'm gonna come... here it comes!"
Laura takes his cock out of her mouth and starts jerking him furiously. I see it swell up and don't even have time to blink before she aims it at my face. Carl spurts out rope after rope of hot, steamy cum, splattering my face and chest. I feel it dripping from my brow and my chin. It's so hot at first but cools rapidly. I open my mouth to speak but Laura beats me to it. "You can lick all you want, but don't you dare wipe it off," she warns.
I'm not quite up to licking another man's semen from my face just yet, so I stay put. And now she's deepthroating Rafael, while Carl stimulates his prostate with his fingers. I know what's coming now, so when I see her taking the thick caramel-colored member out of her mouth, I open my own wide in anticipation, and am rewarded as Rafael blasts his first two shots straight on my tongue, before using the rest to coat my face.
I surprise myself as I savor the salty taste and swallow it greedily. I'm so close to erupting myself, if I could only be allowed to touch my cock...
"Poor baby,' says Laura as she leans into me. "What should we do with this?" She asks, nodding at my penis.
"Let's jerk him off on his face and make him eat his own cum," suggests Julie.
"No," says Laura. "He'd love that, the little pervert." I can't say that she's wrong. She licks my face as she says, "Let's just clean him up and send him back to work with the mother of all blue balls."
And so they do, these two gorgeous beauties, they lick their lovers' come from my face and chest until it's all gone and I feel like I'm about to explode. The slightest touch on my cock would make me erupt so hard I'd probably poke someone's eye out. But these devil girls don't bring their soft peach skin anywhere near my midsection, and I'm left unsatisfied.
Carl looks at my turgescent tentpole and gives me a look of pity. "Wish I could help you out, bro, but I don't want to get on her bad side," he says, with a side glance at Laura. Can't say I blame him.
After the girls are done licking me clean, I put my clothes back on, tucking my erection in my waistband. "Come again," Laura says as she shuts the room door behind me.
Out in the hallway, I look at my watch and it's almost three in the morning. I've got two hours before the morning deliveries, and Marla and Jack must be sleeping by now. Still, I walk the few short steps to 405 and stick my ear against the door. I can't make out what they are, but there are definitely sounds coming from inside the room.
So I steel myself, and I knock.