Strip-Off: Origins!
Part 4
"Welcome back to the sexiest game show on the planet- say it with me now!"
Arrow raised up their arms, prompting the audience to shout with glee: "Strip-Off!"
Arrow bowed. The audience cheered as spotlights shone on the five contestants. Amy Redhill and Shelley Bombe, now with only two pieces of their specialized suits left on their curvaceous bodies, were clearly looking a bit red. They had both been walking around town with nothing on but their suits, as per the game rules, and had drawn some stares towards their smooth curves and full bodies, due to wearing what was basically just underwear in public. However, there was one difference- Shelley was smiling despite her flushed cheeks, showing off her body gleefully, while Amy seemed a bit embarrassed, fidgeting uncomfortably as the audience stared at her.
Not all gazes were on the contestants, however. Some were focused on the five ordinary-looking parlor chairs sitting on the stage.
Arrow began explaining the game for this episode. "Our third game is simple: a Pleasure Race! Each contestant will take turns picking five people to sit in these lovely chairs here, and attempt to coax as many orgasms out of them as possible within 10 minutes. We'll attach some vital sensors onto each one of them to confirm when they orgasm. The contestants cannot touch the audience members! They can only try to convince them to masturbate, or make them cum without touching them."
Arrow turned to the contestants. "I hope you're all good at seducing people! Whoever makes the five audience members orgasm most is exempt from any punishment this round. Whoever makes them orgasm the least loses 2 pieces of their suit. Everyone else loses one piece."
Amy Redhill looked especially nervous. "I... does that mean I'll have to expose my boobs for the next few weeks if I don't get first place...?"
The entire audience cheered. Arrow smiled. "Yep! And since you're one of the people in last place, you get to go first. Good luck!"
Amy looked at the crowd. She picked out five healthy-looking young men, and they excitedly scampered down onto the stage, eager to see a show.
Arrow put up a timer on the screen hanging above the stage. "Your time starts NOW!"
The audience cheered as Amy stood still for a few seconds, unsure of what to do. She decided that she would do best by playing to her strengths. Amy Redhill started to dance dirtily in front of the five guys sitting in front of her.
The audience was shocked and delighted. Amy was actually quite the dancer- she had done some dancing as exercise before, and now she used this knowledge to her full advantage as she put all of her energy into wildly shaking her hips and moving her body seductively. Her energy and bright smile charmed all the men who were watching her, and they started to touch themselves to the sight of a beautiful, athletic girl dancing half-naked in front of them.
Amy paused for a moment and smiled at her audience. "Please cum for me?" she asked pleadingly. She proceeded to skip and spin around, all while tracing over her body slowly. Her luscious breasts bounced a bit as she moved about, and the desperation in her voice made the men much hornier.
She continued to dance energetically and seductively until her time was up- by then, each man had cum once, and her score came up to a total of 5 orgasms.
Amy sighed in relief. Surely I'll win this time, she thought to herself.
Arrow pointed at Shelley. "Your turn! Pick who you want to make cum!"
Shelley grinned, and picked the five hottest men that she could find in the audience. "I'm such a sucker for a pretty face and a big dick," she purred as the men sat down. Already, their cocks were noticeably hard. It seemed like Shelley had a good sense for which men had big cocks.
Arrow once again put up the timer. "Ready... begin!"
Shelley immediately broke the rules, sitting on the middle audience member's lap, unzipping his pants, and grinding on his cock. She gave the two besides her handjobs, and shouted and screamed profanities and dirty talk at the top of her lungs the whole time. The men loved it. As she gyrated her hips, the other two men at the far sides of the lineup were reaching over and groping her humongous boobs. They were as soft and warm as the rest of her body- her angelic charisma was at sharp odds with the wild, unhinged beast that was going to town on these men right then.
Arrow scratched his head. "See, this is exactly what I'm talking about. I said not to touch them, and then you went and touched them, and now I'm going to give you a penalty, which is EXACTLY WHAT YOU WANTED."
Shelley nodded her head. "Yes, please punish me... I've been a bad girl..."
The crowd started chanting. "STRIP-IT-OFF! STRIP-IT-OFF!"
Arrow sighed. "Welp. at least this will help our ratings." Arrow hit his remote twice, and the two remaining pieces of clothing left on Shelley's body fell away.
Shelley's bright pink nipples now caught the full attention of the audience, who could see Shelley's fully naked body on the screen. Her shaved pussy was completely wet with desire, and as soon as her suit came off, the man she was sitting on thrust his cock into her, cumming immediately. She continued to grind and scream: "Oh, yes! I'm naked in front of everyone! I feel so horny! I need more cocks! Please cum for me!"
After ten minutes, Arrow called out: "Time's up!" The men were all exhausted- each had cum twice, thanks to Shelley's display. One had even fallen asleep.
Amy paled. "Wha- that means..."
Arrow chuckled. "Yep! Since you're not first place, your breasts won't be covered much longer! Better enjoy your decency while you still can~!"
Amy blushed as the audience cheered. Not just one, but two sets of boobs exposed to the public in one fell swoop- what more could they ask for?
Once the audience members had been taken back to their seats, and once Shelley had been dragged to a shower to clean off her now-naked, cum-covered curves, Arrow pointed towards Niko. "Your turn, Niko!"
Niko cursed under her breath. She knew that the audience members who had cum already wouldn't be viable for her to use- they couldn't recover quickly enough to orgasm again in 10 minutes. She chose five fresh faces- some younger, shy looking men who seemed nervous to be in front of her.
Arrow started the timer, and Niko immediately put her hands on her hips and strutted up to the men confidently. Looking at them, she smirked. "Take off all your clothes. Let me see your pathetic little cocks."
The men were shocked for a few moments, but Niko repeated herself, more firmly than before, and they instinctively obeyed her. Soon, five cocks were standing at attention in front of her. Niko didn't even bother looking at their naked bodies.
Niko grinned even more. "Stroke. Now."
The men immediately started stroking as fast as they could, staring at Niko intensely as she abused them verbally.
"You like that, huh? Your pathetic little cocks are excited at the idea of being humiliated on live television by a dominatrix, huh? Admit it. Admit that you're all little sissies that love being humiliated."
All of the audience members moaned in pleasure, but none of them came. It seemed like they had cum to the previous performances, having masturbated in the stands beforehand.
Niko kept barking at them, louder and louder. At the 9:30 mark, all five of the audience members were sweating and bright red, still unable to get themselves to cum.
Niko made one last effort. "CUM! NOW!"
The five men groaned as they came. Only a bit of semen came out, and splattered weakly on the floor. But she had done it- five orgasms. She was now at least tied with Amy.
The audience applauded her- she had squeezed five orgasms out of some weak-looking young men who had been masturbating for the past half hour. Her competitive spirit was formidable, and even Arrow seemed to respect her for it.
"Now, after that arousing performance (pun intended), it's time for Felicia Santos to take her turn!"
Felicia chose a few male audience members at random, but she knew that, being second-to-last, she wouldn't be able to pull it off. She desperately appealed to Arrow. "Arrow... um, don't you think that this is a bit unfair? All the audience members have already, um... well..."
Arrow grinned. "They all what? Speak up."
Felicia blushed. "They all came already," she said shyly. "They keep masturbating in the stands, so that they have a hard time cumming on stage..."
Arrow scratched their chin. "Good point. I honestly didn't anticipate that. Well, how about this- I will choose one person from the audience. Every time they cum, it will count as five orgasms."
Felicia gasped. "Thank you so much!"
Arrow shrugged. "Don't thank me yet! Let's see... you there, come on up!"
Arrow pointed to an older man, probably in his late 30s, sitting in the audience. He smiled as he sat down in the middle chair.
Arrow started the timer. "Your time starts... now!"
Felicia started swaying her hips and fondling her breasts in front of him shyly. Yet, something was wrong. The man was smiling, with a rock-hard erection, but was not touching his pants.
Felicia spoke up desperately. "Um, sir... please touch yourself for me...?"
The man grinned. "I dunno... maaaaaybe I don't wanna! I might be willing to cum for you if you do a few things for me..."
Arrow spoke up. "Ooh! A complication! Reminder, though, these contestants are only on this show by consent, and can leave at any time if they are uncomfortable with the request, forfeiting the prize money."
Felicia blushed. "Um... what do you want me to do?"
The man started commanding Felicia to do humiliating things in full view of the audience. Jumping jacks, which caused her boobs to bob up and down. Spreading her legs for him in an M shape. Twerking in front of him with her hands behind her head. The audience was loving it.
Finally, the man commanded her to kneel down and beg him to masturbate for her. Felicia was reluctant, but she did as he said.
Felicia got on her knees and looked up at him. "Please, please, won't you cum for me? Please give me all your cum, I need it, I need it so bad... I've been a good submissive girl for you... Please, I want to see you masturbate to my slutty, erotic body... I have no shame, please, I just want you to cum to me in front of everyone...!"
The man smiled. "No."
Felicia's eyes widened as the buzzer sounded. Arrow laughed. "Zero points for Felicia. And last but not least, Lilith!"
Lilith stepped forward. Arrow began to speak. "So, Lilith. Since you're last, you're at an even BIGGER disadvantage than Felicia. Therefore, I'll let you-"
"I don't need any handicaps."
The audience gasped in shock. Had Lilith really just said that? It was so out of character for someone as prudish and shy as her to be confident at a game about seduction, of all things, but she seemed extremely confident.
Arrow tried to provoke her. "Oookay then! I guess you'll do the challenge as intended, and lose all your dignity whimpering and begging for men to cum! We can't wait to see you squirm-"
Lilith laughed. "I'll do the challenge as intended, but I won't need to lose any dignity. I'll use my intelligence to win this game."
Arrow scratched their head. They looked a bit surprised. "Well then. Let's see if you can back up that claim, missy! Choose your five audience members!"
Lilith pointed at five different women in the audience.
The audience gasped. This was a big risk Lilith was taking. If they were straight women, then she wouldn't be able to get them to cum. Besides, could Lilith even charm women at all?
Arrow started the timer. "Go!"
Lilith immediately walked up to the five women, who all seemed a bit confused. She didn't even try to look sexy. Instead, she adjusted her glasses, and simply said: "I know you're all lesbians."
All five women visibly jumped. Some of the women started denying it, and some of them stayed silent. Lilith shushed all of them.
"Look. For one, all of you have butch haircuts. Clearly a part of lesbian culture. Hell, some of you are wearing the colors of the lesbian pride flag. Second, you all came here alone. You're not here because of your boyfriends or whatever- you're here because you are attracted to the contestants. And YOU, especially..." Lilith smiled and pointed at the girl on the right, who was blushing and trying looking at her feet. "YOU were masturbating to me specifically, at every single game."
Lilith turned around, towards Arrow. "Ah, yes, and I ought to remind you all. Men are one and done when it comes to orgasms- maybe some can orgasm twice or thrice if they save their cum for long enough. But women can cum as many. Times. As. They. Want." All the women paled as Lilith turned around. They all suddenly seemed flush with excitement.
Arrow barely had time to remark on Lilith's extraordinarily creative mind before Lilith walked over to the girl on the right and started talking to her.
"I feel like the people on the ends haven't been getting much love," Lilith announced. "Hey, girl~ what's your name?"
The woman Lilith was in front of was clearly taller than Lilith herself, but she looked small in front of Lilith at that moment. She was wearing boyish clothes and had a pixie cut. She had dark skin and auburn hair. Despite her very masculine appearance, she was acting quite feminine, and made a point of squirming a bit and blushing like the innocent maiden she was. "I'm Isabelle... I'm a big fan of yours... sorry, I'm a bit shy..."
Lilith smiled. "Just like me, then. I know how that is. Hey, Isabelle... Do you like me? You look like a butch- I'm a femme, you know. Wanna be my girlfriend? I think you're cute~"
Arrow was extremely excited. "What a strategy, folks! Lilith spent a quarter of her time outing an entire quintet of lesbians, coming out herself, and asking a girl out! Men really love physical stimulation, but women are more turned on by genuine emotional connection! But Lilith hasn't made anyone orgasm yet! Will she be able to pull this off!?"
Isabelle was mumbling quietly as the other women in the seats next to her looked on in shock. "Yes, please be my girlfriend!" she shouted out.
Lilith giggled. "Good. Hey, hey... you know what it is girlfriends do together, right...?"
Isabelle blushed. "I'm shy... I'm not sure I can..."
Lilith smiled warmly. "I'm shy too, but if we masturbate together, it will be less embarrassing..."
She turned to the other four lesbians. "And you four... we're gonna put on a nice show for you, okay? Make sure you cum lots~"
The audience cheered as the pair started shyly masturbating together. Both of them were incredibly wet already. Lilith continuously whispered dirty things into Isabelle's ear as she fingered her pussy over her suit.
"After this show ends... we can go on a nice date... and maybe hit a hotel afterwards, you know? I'll keep you up aaaaaaall night, you naughty little thing... I know how horny you can get when you think about me..."
Just as there were two minutes remaining, Isabelle moaned, cumming hard into her pants. But she didn't stop- she kept rubbing. The other four were also rubbing their clits, amazed at the sheer sexiness that Lilith's genuine affection and care for her partner provided for their viewing pleasure. Having cum already, all the girls were even more sensitive than before, and came again, and again, and again, and again, ascending into a pleasurable heaven of moaning and gasping.
When time was up, Isabelle stood up shyly and hugged Lilith. "I never thought I would be able to come out as lesbian, let alone get a girlfriend... um, thank you..."
Lilith playfully tousled her hair. "I love cute lil' butches. After this show, I'll take you on a proper date, 'kay? Something more romantic, without all the rampant sex. In the meanwhile, cheer me on, okay? I promise I'll do my best to keep my clothes, so that you're the first person to see my naked body."
The entire audience clapped- besides the erotic display of two women masturbating together, they were all genuinely happy for the new couple.
Arrow quieted them down. "What a nice ending to this little game. Our winner is Lilith, with SWEET JESUS TWENTY-SEVEN ORGASMS!?"
Lilith sighed in relief, as the audience cheered for her. She still had three pieces of suit on- still incredibly modest, compared to the others.
Arrow moved on to the other contestants, who were now back on stage for their punishment. "Now, for our last place, Felicia, she loses two pieces of clothing!"
Everyone in the audience started chanting: "TITS! TITS! TITS!" as Arrow made a big show of pointing their remote at Felicia. She screamed in embarrassment as her midriff and breasts were exposed, leaving her topless. Everyone cheered as she tried desperately to cover up her nipples.
Arrow finally said, "Alright, now, everyone else loses one piece of clothing. The thing is, thanks to Shelley's rule breaking, she no longer has any pieces of her suit to lose... so, it's time to bring out the Special Punishments!"
Arrow clicked his remote a few times. Amy's breasts and Niko's stomach were now exposed- Amy was a shade of bright red, but she was thankful that she hadn't lost her panties like Shelley did.
Arrow then made a gesture towards the backstage- a table with five different sex toys on it was wheeled out onstage. On it were a bullet vibrator, a vibrating buttplug, a gag, some nipple clamps, and some fuzzy handcuffs.
Arrow spoke up again. "Every time you are naked and have to lose some clothes, instead, you will be forced to choose a sex toy from this table, and wear it for the rest of the show. The vibrators are controlled by the VIP members of the audience, who made large donations to our show! Half of their money will be going to funding sexual education programs for high schoolers!" The audience cheered, and Arrow winked at them. "We're all incredibly horny, degenerate scum here, but even we're good people at heart!"
He turned back to Shelley. "Anyways, choose a toy, and attach it to yourself with the whole audience watching!"
Shelley was red, but visibly excited. She wasn't even trying to cover up her naked body. With trembling hands, she picked up the bullet vibrator and pushed it into her pussy, groaning a bit as she did so. It immediately turned on, and she struggled to keep her hands away from her aching clit as the vibrations flooded her body. She thrust her hips desperately. "Oh, please, let me cum... I'm sooooo horny...! Please, please, please..."
Arrow turned to the camera. "Well folks, she's gonna be like that for the next few weeks. Look forward to our next episode of sexy shenanigans on Strip-Off!"