DAY 2 - THURSDAY
uncle, niece, teen, incest, no panties, teacher, school, pissing, cum
***
Morning came. The ropes had been untied from the bed but were still attached to her wrists and ankles. She pee'd herself again while untying them.
Holly gingerly came into the kitchen dressed for school. Her arms hurt, her legs hurt, and her pussy was sore. There was a little rope burn on her wrists and ankles from when she had thrashed around. Uncle Jack put burn salve on it. "If anyone asks tell them you burned yourself cooking me dinner."
She stuck her tongue out at him. "We all know I'm a terrible cook. You don't have to remind everyone."
"Why are you dressed?" Jack asked.
"You said we should talk. I figured talking dressed was better than undressed."
"After last night are you still sure you want to continue? It's okay if you want to change your mind. I won't say anything. I won't love you less."
Holly wasn't expecting that. She thought about last night. The pain and the pleasure. The loss of control. As best she could she tried to imagine what would be next. "I'm sure. I want to learn more. I want to dp more."
"Okay, we'll continue. But now you've broken Rule #1. You're not naked at home. Take off the skirt and panties!". Holly did as instructed and was pulled over Jack's lap. He handed her a bowl of dry cereal and began spanking her. She shoveled in mouthfuls between spanks. Finally he stopped and slid his finger up and down her ass crack. She tried to push his hand deeper and was rewarded with another spank. Before he let her go, he felt her pussy. It was wet.
With only two minutes until the bus arrived she grabbed her skirt but couldn't find her panties. Jack twirled her panties on his finger.
"No panties for school today. That's the rest of your punishment."
Holly couldn't argue without missing her bus so she hastily put on the skirt and ran for the door. "Stop. Pull up your skirt." As she did, Jack revealed a small glass egg. He had her spread her legs, fingered her briefly, and slid the egg up her pussy. It was difficult at first because her hole was so small but once inside it was secure.
Halfway to the bus stop it suddenly hit her. No panties! What if creepy Mr Graves looked up her skirt and turned her into the principal? What if the egg fell out in class? Just thinking about being exposed made her pussy get wetter. Holly realized the day was going to be a bigger challenge than she thought.
Her best friend Emma was standing with one foot on the bus step waving her to hurry up. "I'm coming" she yelled and then thought "Well, I'm not cumming yet". They got on the bus and sat together. Holly thought about whether she was wet enough to leave a puddle on the seat but decided she wasn't. As she sat by the window she tucked her skirt up and put her bare butt on the cold seat.
Emma began chatting about things but Holly was distracted by what was happening under her skirt. Every bump in the road made her ass bounce on the seat and the egg inside her jostle. Emma stopped trying to converse but began paying close attention to her friend. Something was going on.
They got to school and Holly realized her first period teacher was creepy Mr. Graves! She sat at her desk but was so worried about her lack of panties that she fidgeted constantly and barely heard anything he said. And it got worse. He'd look at her, turn away for a minute or two, and then look at her again. Just before the end of class Holly realized Mr. Graves was looking up her skirt (or at least trying to). She had been afraid he would turn her in and instead she was turning him on.
The next time he looked her way she caught his eye and nodded toward her pussy. Sure that he was looking, Holly spread her legs and slid her skirt up a couple inches. Mr. Graves stopped in mid sentence with his mouth open. Holly saw his pants move in the crotch area. She closed her legs and slid her skirt down. Then the bell rang.
Emma was in the same class. "What the hell is wrong with you in there? You were bouncing around in your desk like a speed freak."
"Do you think anyone noticed?"
"Are you kidding? Half the class noticed. Mr. Graves probably thought you were about to have a heart attack or something".
She knew flashing Mr. Graves had been a stupid idea but he was such a creep she was now sure he'd never report it.
Just before lunch, she began to fantasize about flashing her other teachers. Especially hot Mr Durbin the boys PE teacher. She imagined what his cock must look like and immediately regretted it as a little wetness dripped onto her chair. With no good options, she wiggled around a little and used her skirt to mop up the puddle.
On the way to the cafeteria with Emma, Holly could tell the wet spot on her skirt was pretty obvious. She heard a couple girls behind her whispering and giggling. She wanted to flash her bare ass at them but knew that would ruin everything.
Things went better the rest of the day. Holly went to the bathroom to sop up her wetness. While she was in the stall, she wondered how the egg would get removed. She stuck two fingers up her hole and tried to maneuver the egg out. After ten minutes of fingering herself Holly was very wet and very stretched and the egg just slid out into her hand. She was able to push it back in just as Emma pounded on the stall door.
"Hurry up or we'll be late to class." Holly stuffed some toilet paper up her hole to sop up the ongoing wetness. The next class was Miss Burton. She was a new teacher just out of college, young and sexy. Her skirts were a little too short for a teacher; her blouses were a little too low cut for a teacher; and when she bent over a student's desk she flashed a lot of cleavage and a little lacy black bra. The girls in her classes had an ongoing discussion about whether she was doing it on purpose or just didn't know better.
Holly sat in the back row, which was shifted over to make it easier to see the blackboard. It also made it easier for Miss Burton see up her skirt. When Holly sat down, Miss Burton was looking right at her. The teacher licked her lips and gave the girl a little smile. Her bare pussy had been seen.
Holly began opening and closing her legs slightly, like nervous energy. The teacher continued lecturing but looked at the class less and Holly's crotch more. With twenty minutes left, Holly waited for Miss Burton to look and spread her legs wide and pulled her skirt way back to the top of her thighs.
Miss Burton licked her lips again and kept her gaze on Holly but didn't miss a beat of her lecture. With ten minutes until class ended, she left the front and walked around explaining the night's homework. Stopping next to Holly's desk, she laid a hand innocently on the the girl's shoulder. The teacher's long fingers touched the rise of the girl's breast. She edged over and rubbed a hip slowly against Holly's arm.
Holly's desire for adventure took over and her hand stroked Miss Burton's nylon covered calf, moving up until it was under the hem of the skirt at mid thigh. The teacher took a step forward and pointed her ass at Holly, who immediately caressed it. When the bell rang, the teacher looked down at Holly's crotch, and said "If you have any trouble with the homework, come see me after school. Any time." Miss Burton lightly touched Holly's breast and sauntered out the door.
On the bus ride home, Emma kept peppering her with questions about her odd behavior. "I guess I just miss my parents" Holly explained. Emma knew better than that.
When she walked in the house, Holly began to excitedly tell her uncle about her day with no panties. He listened for a minute, grabbed her, put her over his knee, lifted her skirt, and began spanking her hard. She wailed in surprise. "You forgot the rule already? After the spanking this morning?" Still over his knee, her ass getting redder with every spank, Holly yanked her skirt off and began unbuttoning her blouse. Jack suddenly stuck three fingers in her sore pussy. She screamed in surprise and pain.
"What the hell is this?" Her uncle pulled out the sopping mass of toilet paper and stuffed it in her mouth. As his fingers thrust in and out her muffled screams turned into muffled moans. She was about to cum when her uncle suddenly stood up, dumping her on the floor.
"Time to do your homework. Don't get the rug wet."
Seriously frustrated Holly scooted onto the kitchen floor, reached down between her legs and, for the first time ever, deliberately masturbated. Not a great job but she made herself cum. She rolled over, licked up the little puddle she had made, and went to her room to do her homework. Jack grinned like a proud parent whose child had just scored the winning goal.
It was dusk when she finished her homework. "Go get the mail" Jack ordered. Without thinking, Holly headed out the door. She was halfway to the street when she remembered she was naked. Taking a couple breaths to calm herself, she forced herself to walk to the mailbox and back to the house hoping no one would notice her. The thought that someone could see her excited her. By the time she got to the door, she was rubbing her pussy imagining herself laying on the front lawn masturbating.
It was about 8 o'clock when Holly announced she was going to take a bath and go to bed. Being adventurous was exhausting! She was about to get out of the tub when the door opened and her uncle walked in. She could tell from the look in his eye something was about to happen. Jack unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out. That perked her up. The night before he had it out but she was barely conscious Now she could get a good look.
She began to lean forward and was hit in the face by a stream of urine. She moved her head to get away but the stream followed her every move. She opened her mouth to breathe and the stream moved to fill it. She gagged and swallowed. "I swallowed pee!" she thought horrified. It was salty and warm but not unpleasant. Tentatively Holly opened her mouth again for a second taste. Jack's pee hit its target. "Stand up." The pee stream wandered over to her tummy and ran down by her pussy.
"Sit down and spread your legs." She opened her mouth again expecting more pee. Instead Jack stepped into the tub and began stroking his cock. She watched in fascination. A thick stream of white cum landed from her neck to the bottom of her boobs. Jack moved closer The second stream splattered on her face. She licked some off and she swallowed. "Pretty good" she thought. Her uncle took a step back, adjusted his aim, and sprayed the last of his cum on her pubes.
"Wash your face. Let the rest dry. Wear it to school tomorrow." He stuck his cock in her mouth. "Clean it off." A minute later, Holly got out of the tub, washed her face, rubbed the cum over her nipples and pubic hair, and went to her room.
The sheets on her bed were dry but there was a yellowish stain. She had peed on them twice already. Normally Holly would have changed them. Instead she ran her hand across the yellow area. The fabric was stiff. She lay down on her back, curled her legs up toward her head. Holly had a nice view of her pussy as she forced a brief stream of urine onto her stomach. She mixed the pee with the cum already on her body.
She fell asleep on her back, legs wide apart, with no cover on top of her. Later that night Uncle Jack passed by on his way to bed. He deposited another layer of cum on her stomach.