THE PERFORMANCE - CHAPTER EIGHT
Cate and Tom stood in the hotel's opulent lobby as the staff unloaded the massive amount of baggage from the trunk of the limousine. Cate had brought so much stuff that the trunk was literally packed full and it took several minutes to get it all onto the huge luggage cart and roll it into the lobby.
Just then Jason came striding confidently towards them like he owned the place. As he approached the couple, Tom could now easily see the attraction his wife might have for the guy. There was no question that he was a ludicrously good looking man. A well put together physical specimen, he projected an air of strength, masculinity and assuredness. As you would expect, his eyes went immediately to Cate's impressive rack before scanning up to her face. Without so much as a glance towards Tom, his hands went to her hips and he leaned in to deliver a soft kiss on her cheek. He then stepped back, and with a big lecherous grin, drank in the vision of Cate's body one more time. Jason was looking at her the way a lion probably sizes up a lamb. A predator and its prey.
"Good evening Cate. Such a pleasure to see you again. You look delectable as always. The men and I are really looking forward to your performances this evening. I've decided to forego the pre show meet and greet so they can get their first glimpse of you in the flesh on stage. I thought it might be more fun for all involved. I hope you don't mind. Perhaps we can entice you to get up close and personal with them after the show instead. By the way, not many of them have been exposed to burlesque, you so will have quite a few 'virgins' to entertain and enthral tonight."
"It's a pleasure to see you as well and thank you for the compliment. You are charming as always. Yes, I think that was a good call, let's surprise them. And sure, I usually do a post-show meet and greet to take photos with the audience members, if they have an interest. It's usually lots of fun for everybody. And rest assured that the 'virgins' as you call them, will get their burlesque cherries popped with the full-on experience tonight. As I always say, 'I aim to tease. And I aim to please.'
"Jason, this is my husband Tom," she said gesturing to her husband, who was merely taking in this little back and forth with all of its not so subtle sexual subtext.
"Tom, meet Jason. Our host for the evening."
"A real pleasure to meet you Tom," Jason said, extending his hand. "You are a very lucky man to have such an attractive, sexy and talented wife. I envy you greatly."
"Don't I know it. And thank you for that. I completely understand your envy. I remind myself everyday that I was fortunate indeed to win the heart of such an amazing, sought-after woman. I will be forever thankful for her obviously poor eyesight and terrible judge of character," Tom replied smirking and shaking the man's hand. "It's nice to finally meet you. I've heard so much about you."
"Heheh. Well, I hope it was all good...but please, don't believe everything you hear," He said chuckling.
"Well...all of the information came from the credible source to my right, and she tells me everything. Well, as far as I know anyway," Tom said smiling and looking at Cate.
"Well, gentlemen, now that the introductions are over, I have to do a quick inventory of all the luggage I've brought. Some of it needs to go up to the suite and the bulk needs to go to the dressing room," Cate said, quickly scanning the array of suitcases, boxes and bags on the cart.
She surveyed all of the items and then suddenly yelped, "Oh my gawd! This is terrible! I think I left the stage makeup case in the bathroom at home. I had it up there re-stocking false eyelashes and mascara and meant to bring it down with me when we loaded everything into the car. Fuck! Now I have to go home and get it and I don't really have time for that. I have to sort through costumes and accessories and deal with music and lighting cues with the tech guy. Also, we have no vehicle here. Oh, I'm such an idiot. I was so excited getting ready for tonight that I just wasn't thinking straight."
"No worries. Don't panic. The limo is completely at your disposal. And since you have work to do pre-show, perhaps Tom might be good enough to head back to your house to retrieve your case. I would be happy to help get you checked in, get you sorted backstage, and look after you while he's gone," Jason ventured. "Problem solved."
"Oh, that would be fantastic! I really do need that case. It's absolutely essential. I can't believe I was stupid enough to forget it, I feel so unprofessional," Cate moaned, and looked to her husband. "Honey, you wouldn't mind would you? It would be a tremendous help and take a lot of pressure of me. What do you think? I'm sure I'll be in good hands here without you for a little bit."
Tom took a beat and looked at his wife. Her mention of the 'tech guy' brought back a nagging, unpleasant memory of her little ploy from before, and now he wondered how 'accidental' the leaving of the makeup case actually was. She had already lied to him once to facilitate some alone time with Jason. Was she capable of this type of subterfuge he wondered? He pushed it from his mind. He decided he was simply being paranoid and vowed to stop worrying about it.
"Absolutely. Whatever you need. You know I'm always here for you. It's only about 40 minutes each way if traffic doesn't become a problem, so I should be back in an hour and a half or so. That should give you enough time to get checked in and sort out all of your costumes and things," Tom said. "I'm sure Jason here will be happy to give you any help you require. Right Jason?"
"Certainly. It would be my pleasure to act as your surrogate and to serve in any way I can. Don't worry about a thing. I will take care of our girl here as if she was my own," Jason replied, with a wink to Cate.
"Good grief," Thought Tom. "Could he be any more obvious? 'Surrogate'? 'Our girl'? What the fuck was that? Creepy bastard. Now I see what Cate meant by him never missing an opportunity to kick it up a notch with his suggestive double entendres."
At that, Jason pulled out his cel to instruct the limo driver to come back around, so that it could spirit Tom away to complete his errand. But just as Jason finished punching in the number, a man came up to him and animatedly tried to pull him away. Jason and he exchanged some quick whispered words while Jason looked down at his phone, obviously waiting for the driver to pick up. Slightly ruffled with the news that the new guy delivered, and noticeably upset about being interrupted, he quickly handed the phone to Tom.
"Do you mind? I just have to deal with this for a moment. The price of being the boss I guess. When the driver answers, explain the situation and tell him to come back around to pick you up. He'll see that it's my phone from the call display and will be here immediately, I'm sure. Thanks. I shouldn't be a minute," he said turning to speak to the intruder.
Tom put the phone to his ear just as the driver picked up and said 'hello.' He explained the situation to the driver who said he would be happy to bring the car around immediately. He was a little concerned about traffic but hoped that they could make good time if they caught a few breaks. He told Tom to meet him outside the main doors and then hung up saying he'd just be a couple of minutes. Jason was still speaking animatedly to his companion when Tom finished the call to the driver. He was just about to hand the phone back to Jason when it dinged and a text popped up. In the manner of an automatic gesture, Tom looked down at the screen and saw a short text from Jason's wife, Sasha. It simply read, 'Is she there yet? Any progress? How goes your seduction?' Tom stared down at the phone in disbelief. He realized now that Jason was serious when he told Cate that his wife didn't care if he chased other women. This was proof. But was Sasha a part of Jason's ultimate plan? Was she complicit in the plot to seduce his wife? He quickly lowered the phone so that its owner wouldn't know that he had seen the message, and held it out for Jason to reclaim it.
Just then, the conversation between the two men broke up and the associate walked away as Jason turned back to Tom and retrieved his phone.
"Everything under control? asked Jason as he looked down. He saw that he had received a text while in conversation with his minion.
"All good. The car will be here momentarily. How about you? Everything under control on your end?" Tom asked, looking Jason dead in the eye.
"Uh...yes...all good. That was...just a minor hitch with the meeting schedules for tomorrow that needed adjustment. Umm...no big problem," Jason said looking up from his phone to see Tom's eyes boring into him.
He wondered if Tom had seen Sasha's text. He mulled it over and concluded that he hadn't, and if he did, then so what? He knew what was going on long before that message came through. If Cate did indeed tell him everything as she claimed, then Tom was well aware of all that had gone down at their previous two meetings. Tom had not said anything confrontational and he seemed pretty calm about it so far. He didn't seem like the type to cause a scene. Maybe, as his wife Sasha did for him, he let Cate do as she pleased, and wasn't too concerned if she played around a bit. Although, based on some of her earlier comments, he doubted that was the case. But still, you never know. Just move forward and see what happens.
"Oh, Tom, my love. Thank you so much for doing this. I love you. I love you. I love you, "Cate cooed, kissing Tom full on the mouth and pushing her big, unfettered knockers firmly into his chest. "You know I'll make it up to you later baby. Right now I better check in and get all my stuff sorted, I have lots to do. I'll text you the room number when I get it. See you soon. Hurry back."
"Here, let me help you get checked in," Jason said, as Tom turned to head out the lobby door and into the waiting car. Jason put an arm around Cate's back and started leading her towards the front desk, his left hand just lightly resting against the side of her left breast. He wanted to grab it so badly that just the thought made his cock stir in his pants. He took note of the zipper on the side of the dress. Good information to have. He loved easy access clothing.
"Fuck," thought Tom. "I wanted to stay close to her side and run interference against Mr. Handsome's advances if necessary. Well, now he's got her for at least an hour and a half. Maybe longer. Oh well, she's a big girl and knows how to take care of herself. She parry thrusted him pretty handily so far and I'm sure she can manage to do so again."
"But what's the deal with Sasha?" he wondered. He thought that was really an odd message to send. "Does she like the fact that Jason seduces other women?
"Does she like hearing about it after? Does he share the details with her? Is that her kink? Does she help set it up? Is that what's happening with Cate? What in the actual fuck?"
There were too many questions to answer. Too many thoughts now running through his head. He'll have to tell Cate of this discovery when he returns.
Then he mused, "Maybe she already knows."