Nigkala Tales Pt. Coda: My life ends
But my new life begins
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
Years ago, Filipe retired from action films. His body just wasn't up to the demands of such films. Instead, he did voice acting and dramas. He needed a cane, as well. Yet neither of us minded, as it was just simple age. I, too, was thinking about what age would do to me in a decade when I became his age. My hair had already faded from black and white to gray and white. My strength was also down to merely strong, rather than world-champion strong.
But a year ago, it started to unravel. Filipe was diagnosed with inoperable cancer. He decided that chemo and or radiation would reduce his quality of life beyond what he was willing to endure, and so he opted for pain-management care. As he was eighty-one, we both felt it was the right choice. Our finances were more than enough for whatever care he needed, so that was not a concern. I decided to limit my own work to work I could do from home, or work done locally for a half day or less, so that I could spend time with Filipe. Our children spent far more time with us. To encourage this, I hired a full-time babysitter. She would watch whatever children were about the place, and help the maid when no kids were about. She even lived on site, in one of the bedrooms.
I also hired a personnel manager, to handle all the requests for visits and interviews. Many came to visit and comfort Filipe, but a number also came to support me. While a number of people wanted to interview Filipe, I, and his doctor, insisted such interviews be short, and subject to his desire. I only did one interview a week, at most, unless it was about my own work. Those interviews, I insisted, be only about the work, and not about my family life.
When he died, I felt many emotions. Because my family was with me so much at this time, I did not feel lonely. And since Filipe went happy and in peace, I was at peace, even though I missed him greatly. Knowing he would not want me to pine away, I chose to get back in the game, and did three films, although two were animated. Many noticed that my attire became less risqué, even though I still often flashed others. Likewise, my sex life slowed down, to only having sex once or twice a week.
I found my enthusiasm for acting waning, so I transitioned into mostly voice acting. Likewise, I attended fewer conventions, but did more chatting online. I also spent more time visiting family. I found I liked the quieter life. Two years went by, and suddenly the Nigkala stories became popular. One of my four-breasted granddaughters, from my donated ovaries, played the role. While not as tall as me, she was tall enough. While I briefly thought about getting back into the role myself, I quickly realized it would never work. But that got me thinking about what happened early in my career. My hand had been amputated and I used my mental skills to regrow it. What if I could regrow myself? Not as a new body, but rather, renewing all my parts by regeneration of the cells. Could I regenerate into a young new body?
Over the next two months, I spent a lot of time thinking about it. I even spoke to Inanna about the possibility and desirability. She was skeptical about achievement, but felt that if I desired it, I should try. Eventually, I decided to try. I then spent several months planning what needed to happen. I noticed my birthday was two months away, so I decided to start on that day. Well, the day after, since family would be visiting. It took some time to track down the doctor that had monitored the regeneration of my hand.
Doctor Holiday answered, "Hello?"
"Hi, Doc, this is Becky Sue."
"Do I know you?"
"I know it has been quite some time. You should remember me. You spent over a year monitoring and documenting the regeneration of my amputated hand."
"Oh! That Becky Sue. It has been a long time. What has been happening since we last saw each other?"
"I have made many films, donated my ovaries to an egg bank, met some of those children, and had a lot of fun. But there is a sad part, as well. My husband Filipe passed away a few years ago."
"My condolences. If I had known, I would have sent a card, as traveling is near impossible for me these days."
"It is?"
"Yes. My eyesight has been failing for many years now, and a few years ago I was declared legally blind. Now, I can tell if it is day or night, but that is about it."
"I am so sorry. That breaks my plans."
"How so?"
"I had planned to hire you again for a similar regeneration project."
"Another? Did something happen to you again?"
"Just age."
"Then what would you be doing?"
"I wanted to see if I could regenerate everything, resulting in a new, younger body."
There was silence for nearly a minute. "You want to reverse the aging process?"
"Essentially yes. You know how much my mind is able to control my body. I want to see if I can push it farther."
"I so want to do it, but there is no way I can. Hmm... but there might be a way I could help."
"Oh? Do tell."
"My youngest son followed in my footsteps. I have told him a little about your regeneration, but never with any evidence, and nothing recorded. Only an anecdotal account, and I only described your mental power, and what I saw happen with your hand. Even so, he knows that I don't lie about medical stuff. I think he would jump at the chance, and I know he is qualified to monitor as I did."
"Can you give me his contact info?"
"Sure."
I wrote down the info, and then said, "I will call again soon, after I speak with him."
"I look forward to that." We said our goodbyes, and rather than call immediately, I looked up this son.
I was surprised. This Doctor William Holiday was a research scientist, in the area of virology. He lived not far from his father. His research was into enabling the body's own defenses to fight the ills affecting it. This included fighting cancer. While I thought immediately of Filipe, I soon realized their progress was nowhere near application. Still, it had a lot of potential. I read what I could find about his work ethic, and other aspects of his personality. Finally satisfied, I gave him a call.
"Hello, Bill Holiday here, how can I help you?"
"Such a nice greeting for a young man. Your father gave me your number. He said I might be able to hire you."
"Ma'am, I have a full-time job."
"I know, I looked you up. Your father said he mentioned me to you many years ago. You should know me as the woman who regrew her hand."
"Yeah, right. You're just pranking me."
"What if I can prove it? Would you let me hire you?"
"Unlikely. I make a pretty penny."
"I could easily match it. But if you are okay with it, you could continue with your job and only work a few hours on the weekends, and effectively double your pay."
"I still think you are pulling my leg, but I do admit, double pay sounds quite interesting."
"How about we meet?"
"No. I don't want to waste my time."
"I see. I guess I'll have to find another way to convince you. Goodbye."
I called his father and told him how the call went.
"I really thought he would go for it."
"I think he wants to, but disbelief and a healthy dose of skepticism prevent him. But I have an idea."
"Oh?"
"Yes. I could come visit you, on the same day he comes to visit you, and I can play our film for him. You would be there to confirm it really happened, and I can pull out a big check to show I can pay."
"That should work, but I don't know when he will come. With his schedule, he never knows when he will get enough time off to have a visit."
"He works for a big lab that always wants funding and equipment. I think I can get him time off. Give me a few days, and I think I will be able to swing something. I'll call you then about your schedule."
"No need to bother. I don't go anywhere, and listen to music and television a lot. This assisted-living facility is quite good about seeing to my needs, and I find it peaceful."
"Are you mobile? That is, can you go offsite?"
"Yes, but if I need to use the restroom, it could be difficult."
"I would be more than willing to help. I suspect your son would be, as well. Tell you what. I'll set something up in a nearby place where I can do the presentation in private."
"Sounds good to me. See you soon, then."
"Yes, I look forward to meeting you again."
After hanging up, I located and called the head of the program his son worked under. It took getting past several layers of assistants, but I succeeded. I opened by saying, "Mr. Jones. I need to borrow one of your employees for a day. I understand you have certain desires regarding funds for your program. I am willing to donate fifty thousand for a no-questions-asked day of this employee's time. Interested?"
"I'm not sure how legal that is. What will he be doing for you?"
"That is not your concern. I would normally do it on one of his free days, but it seems he is so needed, he cannot determine when he will have a free day, and I need to schedule this soon. I want his services, and intend to spend the day talking with him. I do not propose anything illegal or unethical. Interested?"
"I'll have to pass it by legal, before I could sign off on that."
"One hundred thousand and I want him Saturday, a week from now, all day."
"I'll have to - "
"Yes or no, going once."
"I'll -"
"Going twice."
"Okay. Who is it? And the deal is off if the check bounces."
"I will have a courier deliver it tomorrow, with the name. Goodbye." Ah, greed. It can be so useful. I better get a flight now.
I called the travel agency, and got a red-eye, first class. I packed for two weeks, and brought a copy of the evidence and boarded. The hotel dropped me off at the project's bank, and I had them make me a certified check for the amount, payable to the project. Back at the hotel, I wrote a short letter naming the individual, the day I wanted, and the statement that I expect no questions. I placed the letter and check in an envelope, and hired a courier to deliver it. I whammied him to forget who gave him the envelope, or where. Next, I scouted the area by the assisted-living facility.
One of the nearby businesses was a daycare facility. I went in and asked if they would be using the building on that Saturday. When asked, I said I wanted to rent it for a day, as I had a sales presentation I wanted privacy for, and one of the participants would likely need assistance if they needed to go. Their restroom was already set up to assist little ones, so that was good. They said they were usually closed on the weekend, and they weren't sure about letting me use it for the day. I then offered one thousand dollars cash. They said to come by Friday and pick up the key.
Plans made, I went to see the old doctor, and told him the schedule. I also stayed to visit and catch up. I suggested he start pestering his son to come visit Saturday, starting at ten, as that would be a good time. The next day, I began to search for a suitable place to set up shop. I was looking for someplace with a lot of empty space nearby, and plenty of room inside for the needed exam, exercise, and other rooms. I also made a short visit to the doctor to visit and be sure he pestered his son. I found three suitable places that week, but held off doing anything until after the meeting.
I arrived at the assisted-living place at nine, visited the doctor, and told him I had a van for us to get to the daycare and back whenever his son showed. I then went to reception to wait for his son to show. He turned up at nine-fifty-three. I exited, and got in the van. I had the driver pull up, and sure enough, father and son came out a few minutes later. I opened the big door and invited them in. The son was suspicious, but the father just said I was a friend. A few minutes later, we were in the daycare facility, and I led the way to my setup.
"Doctor Bill, my name is Becky Sue Tate, and your father once monitored me as I proceeded to make history. I am the woman who lost a hand."
"You? You're quite persistent. This is sure costing you a pretty penny."
"Shut up, Bill, what she says is true."
"Dad, really?"
"Doctor Bill, if you knew what this cost, then you'd realize money is not an issue. I have brought proof, and I will show you. Are you ready to see with your own eyes?"
"Well, you did get me a day off, so, yeah, I'll watch your dog-and-pony show."
"Then, gentlemen, please sit. I can pause the show if needed. Okay, here goes." I started the film, and we all watched and listened to the half-hour presentation. When it was over, I asked, "Doctor Bill. This laptop has a copy of all the data. Would you like to examine it?"
"Dad, is this true? You really saw this with your own eyes?"
"Yes, Billy, I did. I, too, was skeptical at first, but she told me belief was not required, only scientific accuracy. In time, belief came when I saw what she accomplished. I still don't understand how it could truly be, but you see the result before you."
"Becky Sue, I still have doubts this could really happen, but your presentation was quite informative, and my dad's role helps convince me. Still, I would like to look at the data."
"Please, take my seat and look where you will. Your father and I will just visit. If you have questions, please ask."
For the next two hours, he dived into the data, asking questions of both of us from time to time. Finally, he said, "I still think it is impossible, even with the evidence before me. Dad tells me you want my doubt, so what do you have in mind?"
"Complete body regeneration. I want to renew my body to a youthful body. I don't know if it can be done, but I want to try. You know the value to medicine this could be if I succeed. I want you to measure me in all possible ways that might be of use, throughout my attempt. I want accurate records, with exacting detail. As before with your dad, you will take a baseline measurement for a month before I start. This will likely take several years, so I want to start with a minimum two-year agreement. I believe something will show by then. Likewise, as your dad did, you will live in the same place as me. I have checked out some nearby places, so you can still maintain your regular job. I will have a maid and cook, so you won't have to spend time on that. As for pay, we can hash that out, counting room and board as part of the pay. If you want guests over, just let me know, and I'll stay out of the way. I am also willing to hire a part-time assistant to live there in a room next to your father's if you two want him there. This would allow you to visit more often. Are you interested?"
"Yes. Where are these places?"
"I bookmarked them under '$.25', which is a quarter, for quarters, or a place to live. Click on it."
"You have three places listed. Hmm, let's see...." He spent a few minutes browsing, and found all three to be close to his work, and all had a lot of room. "I like the second one the best."
"Very well, if it is still available, I will get it. And start setting up. Any other questions?"
He had plenty, but we were able to assure him, and he agreed to move in as soon as we were ready. I left him with the laptop, telling him to study what we did last time, so that he could improve upon it with better technology and methods. It would also give him an idea what he was in for.
The sale closed, and I moved in within a week. I then began ordering medical equipment, and other things, like having an Olympic-sized pool out back. Using the Everest talisman, I created the hole to fill, to save time. I converted one of the ground-floor rooms to a bedroom for the elder Holiday, complete with all the monitoring equipment needed. And an adjacent room was converted into a bedroom for the live-in attendant. I set the third floor as the medical floor, where I put out all the devices, and hooked them all up. The service reps assured me everything worked as required. I replaced the dumbwaiter with a real elevator. It was small, but could handle a wheelchair and all the equipment I bought.
Once the pool was in, and all the renovation completed, including full-house air-conditioning for the climate, I hired a cook and maid. I chose a married couple. The place was essentially as ready as the last place had been, so I called Doctor Bill and asked him to come out and see the setup, and to let me know what else he wanted. He asked to come about ten at night, and I said, okay. After the nickel tour, he expressed satisfaction with what I had, but had some additions. I declined the blood work equipment, as that would best be done by sending it to a lab. It would be less work for him, and quality results from the lab. Likewise, I declined the big computer, and said I would negotiate time on someone else's system, as it would be far too much for one person to make full use of. The thermal imager, however, I agreed to and asked him to show me what he wanted. It arrived two weeks later.
Then came moving day. I hired some folks to handle everything, and all Bill had to do was to label everything. The maid and cook went shopping to fill the cupboard, and the live-in aide picked up John. After the first big meal, I called everyone to the living room, including all the help. I explained to all what I planned, and whammied them all to keep it secret from others. I then told them that since I was going to be examined every day that I would not bother to dress, unless I went out. Likewise, that I was a horny bitch and enjoyed sex, so if anyone wanted to have sex with me, they just had to ask. Lastly, if this project went well, it would likely take several years, so if they did their job well, they would have a steady income.
I asked if everyone understood and accepted this. They did, so I said I would start now, and I took off my dress, revealing that was all I wore. To Doctor Bill, I said he would begin the exams tomorrow. I then dismissed everyone.
While I had no issue with being naked all the time, it took the others a bit to get used to it. I chose to spend Friday and Saturday evenings out in the big city at a different local bar or club each time. There, I would allow and encourage others to have sex with me. I changed bars every time, so I would not leave a lasting impression, and after sex with someone, I whammied them to forget my appearance. Tuesday afternoons, I was always out swimming, then getting a suntan, so the pool boy would find me naked by the pool. I encouraged him to have sex as his tip, and I also whammied him to forget the exact details of what I looked like, but to remember all the fun sex we had. Old Doc Holiday said that he couldn't see very well, but the rest of him worked just fine, so we routinely had sex. After he fell asleep, the aide would come, and I would do him, as he was assured the old guy wouldn't have any problems for a while.
That first month was tedious, waiting, but I often spoke to family on the phone, and chatted on the internet with my fans. To those who wanted to interview me, I declined face-to-face meetings, but accepted phone and text interviews. When I wasn't doing that, I was studying those books of magic I had acquired, and thought about how I would use magic in my new life. I also looked up the local institutions of higher learning to see which ones had unusual artifacts that might prove interesting. The young doctor noted some odd readings, and I assured them they were normal for me.
Finally, it was over. I could begin. I made my mental image youthful, using old pictures from various films I did early on. I focused on my body getting younger. I also focused Inanna's healing energy into my body, but in an unspecified way. Doing this felt like it was helping, but I soon realized it was draining. Not long after, I noticed that I had the most energy on the weekend, and I realized it was from all the sex. So I started staying out later, and instead of returning after one or two, I would stay out until four or five. I also decided to apply some of Inanna's healing energy to the elder Doc Holiday.
Two months in, my hair started getting darker. Another month and I started to feel more energy in my body. At six months in, Doctor Bill conceded that my body was growing younger. That is when I began the second part of my plan. I would change my identity by changing what I looked like. Instead of being seven-feet-three-inches tall, I would aim for five-foot-eight. Instead of short, black-and-white hair, I would go for waist-length, bright, neon-red hair. Instead of being Caucasian, I would appear Chinese, with alabaster-white skin. I would change my eye color to green, and I would have short, thick pubic hair in the shape of the Mortal Kombat dragon, without the surrounding circle. For my breasts, I wanted to go from a C-cup to a B-cup, in a pronounced cone-like shape. I also wanted tight areolas with nipples of a normal, if long, length. This would allow me to blend in more easily when I wanted to. The finishing touch was to come up with a new voice. I chose one that could belong to a man or woman. It was high for a man and low for a woman, but I practiced it daily, along with writing with my left hand.
At this point, I sent word to my youngest, and the two others also fathered by Osiris, that I was working on cheating death. I did not say how, but said not to tell the others, and to suspect any death notice without my body. They had questions, but I just said my plan may not work, so I didn't want to give false hope. I was telling them because of their father's legacy.
I would do my best to keep my strength. Of the nonphysical things, I imagined myself being stronger mentally and magically. Part of this was changing my access to Isis' talisman so that it was automatic, but the other part was to learn to do more before needing to rest. Another change I wanted, was for my eyes to see in infrared and ultraviolet. I understood normal eyes could not see in those ranges, but I also knew that the mind could make the body do the impossible. Lastly, as I felt it didn't fit in so well, I decided to shorten my tongue to four or five inches, like my four-breasted daughters.
When I began to shrink, Doctor Bill was worried, and began testing for osteoporosis. He was relieved that I didn't have it. He also told me that my medical age was declining rapidly. About a year in, old Doctor Holiday realized his eyesight was improving. A week later, I confessed to being the culprit, with my healing energy. Another year and his eyesight was back to normal, and we released the live-in aide.
Often, as I exercised, I would speak with Inanna or Isis about my plans for the future, and how I would start my new life. They, too, spoke of their future plans, and my part in it. We also spoke of the finds I had made at the local museum, and what I learned when they 'loaned' them to me. From a local university, I gained access to their rare tome collection, and combined with their inter-library loan system, I was able to study and copy several other magic books. With Inanna's guidance, I mastered all the books I had access to, even though I practiced out of sight of the others.
Another project I undertook was going through my permanent home, with all its stuff. I hired a reliable firm to document everything in it. Going through my finances was another complicated effort that took over a year to sort out. Updating my will was a bit trickier, but my whammy took care of the fact I didn't quite look like my old self. I used my ability to summon gems to build wealth in several new business accounts, and I started paying all my local expenses from them. I didn't want a personal account until my appearance settled.
It was nearing my ninetieth birthday, when I decided my transformation was complete. So we had a big celebration, on my birthday, and declared it complete. Then the doctors worked on compiling the documentation of the process, including a version that did not show any identifying characteristics that I could publish when appropriate. I located a new place to live near the capital, so I could access government facilities to get new documentation. All the medical equipment was donated to area hospitals, and when it came time to leave, I let the maid and cook go, with three months' pay, and sold the house to the younger Holiday as part of our contract. I shipped my stuff to the capital house I bought. The final bit was to whammy everyone to keep the secret, or to forget the details.
This stage of my plan involved re-entering society, with a new legal identity. Since the federal government routinely did this for criminals turning state's evidence, I felt they could do the same for me. Finding the right office to apply with took less than a day. Planning my entry would take longer. Taking my time, I finally went there about a month later. All I wore was a light summer dress and a pair of shoes. All my purse had in it were my car keys, some cash, a burn phone with an encrypted file, and a fingerprint taking kit. Each time security appeared in my way to check my ID, I whammied them into thinking they had already checked and approved it, and to allow me to pass. After I passed, I whammied them again to forget I was ever there.
Finally, I arrived at the office of the Witness Protection Program. Even though I arrived early in the morning, the man in charge was busy until four. So I waited patiently, and when his time became available, I asked his assistant to announce his four o'clock appointment was here. He came and opened the door.
"Hi, you are my four o'clock?"
"Yes, Chief James. May we go inside?"
"Gladly, Miss...?"
"Thank you." I then walked in, and he closed the door behind me.
"I didn't catch your name."
"That is because I didn't give it. Please sit and allow me to explain." We both sat.
"Tell me, how old do I look?"
"At a guess, I'd say you are in your late teens."
"I am actually ninety."
"Impossible. In your twenties, I could believe."
"Yet it is true. Have you heard of Becky Sue Tate?" he shook his head, "How about Helen Asher?" Again no recognition. "How about the Sumerian Warrior Nigkala?"
"I've heard of her, my brother loves those new movies they've been making."
"Have you heard of the older movies made over half a century ago?"
"I recall something about that."
"Go on your computer and look up Helen Asher, the actress, please."
"Hmm, says here she played the original Nigkala, and that her real name is Becky Sue Tate. She is also ninety."
"I am Becky Sue. I have undergone a five-year process that renewed and changed my body."
"Yeah, right. That is impossible."
"Can you bring up her fingerprints?"
"Yes... why?"
"Please do so." I brought out the fingerprint kit.
Meanwhile, he typed for a bit, and brought them up. "I have them up."
"Use this kit, and take my fingerprints, please." I then stood and walked over to his side and offered my hands.
"I'll humor you." He took prints of both hands.
"Now compare the two."
"What? Impossible. Fingerprints are unique."
"You took them. Is there any way I could have made this happen?"
"Let me see your hands.... No."
"Then you have proof I am Becky Sue, and that is why I need your help."
"You need my help?"
"Yes. I need new identification papers, and history. I know enough shady types, I could get fakes, but if you provide them, they will be legal and stand up to scrutiny. Basically, I want to enter the Witness Protection Plan, and have my old identity die, so I can live a new life without scientists poking and prodding me all the time to figure out how I did this."
"How did you do this?"
I smiled and said, "That would be telling."
"Usually, this is done for criminals who help by turning state's evidence. You have any evidence to turn over?"
"Perhaps, but none that I want to spill. However, I have a counter offer. I have many skills, including close combat training. I would be willing to work for the government for a time and train your people for essentially room and board. I am also a costume maker and jewelry maker. I can create unique, untraceable clothes and jewelry to spec. Additionally, I am sure you have noticed my looks. I can see your dick has. I can be a 'date' that is also a bodyguard for important people. Does any of this sound like something worth a new ID?"
"It does indeed. But I am not involved in those branches of government."
"Perhaps not. But if you give me an ID, hire me and then transfer or loan me out, the government would benefit."
"I see what you mean. I'm not sure that would be legal."
"You have the authority to grant me a new ID. I researched that before I came. Introduce me to HR, and I will take care of getting hired. Once evaluated, you can offer my services to the other agencies."
"Very well. I will do that. Let me do some checking of what would be needed, in terms of duration." I went back and sat down while he researched. Finally, he said, "Four years and eight months is about right."
"Let's call it five years, then. Why not take me down to get the paperwork started with HR, and then with getting me a new identity. Call both first to be sure they stay long enough."
He made a pair of calls, and then we went down to HR. As we went, I told him to tell the HR person to hire me as an agent, and I would handle the rest.
The gentleman who we spoke with was a bit surprised I was being brought in at such a time and in such a way. "Hello, Chief James, what can we do for you?"
"I want you to hire this lady as an agent."
As he said this, I whammied the HR person to accept this as a command. I saw his name tag read 'Jeremy Baker'.
"Okay." He turned to me and said, "Miss, what is your name?"
"Daisy Smith".
"Your address?"
I gave him the address I was currently staying at.
"Your social security number?"
"I am sorry; I do not have any of that. Chief James has just placed me in the program, and I don't yet have ID. I do have a phone number." I then gave him that. "That should be enough to start the wheels turning, okay? When I have an ID, I will be back and supply all you need."
I again whammied him into accepting this.
"Yes Miss Smith. That will be fine. I'll start the work. Please sign this form for now." I did, using my left hand. "Thank you. I'll see you in a few days then."
"Thank you, as well."
Chief James and I left. As we walked down the hall, he asked, "I didn't believe you when you said you would take care of things, but you did. How?"
"Again, that would be telling. But I will say that all my life, I have leaned towards helping others, not hurting them. Also, I promise you, I harbor no ill will toward the government and intend to do as we agreed."
When we came to the underground office, Chief James introduced me to Jay Smith, an agent assigned to creating new IDs.
"Agent Smith, here is the woman I told you about. She needs a new identity. Work with her to create a suitable ID that we can hire as an agent. Oh, here is a set of her fingerprints." He handed over the paper he took my prints with. I raised both hands to show that there was still some residual ink on my fingers. "Miss Daisy, I will see to it that that old identity will not show up inappropriately."
"Thank you, Chief."
The Chief left, and Agent Jay Smith looked at me and said, "This is rather unusual."
"So am I." I smiled. "Shall we begin?"
"Might as well. He did give the order. He called you Daisy. Is that the new name?"
"Yes, Daisy Smith. Maybe we're related? I have a lot of information to supply, with no evidence to back it up, but I assure you, it will be the truth, generally."
"We'll see about that. Let me pull up the program." Soon, he was asking me many questions, and I was supplying many answers.
When he asked my age, I said, "Put down twenty. I am older, but for my new ID, I want that number." I later gave the same month and day for my birthday as my true one, but the year needed to be twenty. He was rather surprised at how complete I was able to answer his medical questions.
When he asked about distinguishing marks, I said, "Basically two. I have four breasts." I pulled my dress tight to show I really did have four. "And I have some unique pubic hair."
"Unique? How so?"
I stood up and went to his side and lifted my dress. "See? Dragon shaped."
"Um, Miss Daisy, I'm not sure you should be doing that."
"We're the only ones in the office, and it is late enough no one will be by, right?"
"True."
"Tell you what; let me show you the other as well." I then pulled off my dress. "See? Four."
"Wow. They are real?"
"Yes. Go ahead and touch them. Standing here naked is making me horny, and I wouldn't mind a bit of sex now."
He reached up and tested them with both hands. When I moved a hand down to my pubic hair, he felt that as well. Soon, though, that hand moved south, and he started to finger me. I just moaned and told him, 'harder'. Then he started to finger me and pinch my nipples. Ten minutes later I came.
"Oh, that felt good. Shall we continue?" I then sat down, leaving my dress on the desk.
When we finished, he said, "All done. Your ID packet is being produced now. It will take about half an hour to finish, and to also have your new ID in all the major databases."
"So all we do now, is wait?"
"Yes, for half an hour."
"Then drop your pants and do me. I can feel your need from here." I then leaned over the desk and spread my legs. "Go on, get behind me."
Bang, his pants dropped to the floor behind me. A few moments later, he was pounding me, and he held onto my hips. We came, and he pulled out, so I turned over and sat on the desk at the edge. I then pulled my legs behind my head. "Time for round two."
I braced myself with my hands on the desk behind me, while my legs were locked up behind my head. He began pounding away, and played with my tits the whole time. Again we came.
When he pulled out this time, he said, "Wow. You are amazing. But I better sit down." So he pulled up his pants and got decent.
I just pulled my dress back on. "Is the packet ready?"
He checked the status, and said, "Yes. I need to rest. Five minutes." It was more like ten, but he went in back and returned with the packet. It had everything I needed to travel the world, and also to be hired as an agent, which meant a fake security check on my past that allowed me to be cleared for anything should the need arise. He offered to see me out, but I declined. I just went out the door, after giving him a whammy to not recall that it was me he had sex with, nor that it was here, and also to think someone had come for me. I then made my way out as I came in, without a trace.
The next day, I arrived, and instead of evading security, I said at the front desk that the Jeremy Baker from HR was expecting me. I gave my name, and soon he arrived.
"Hello, I am ready to finish the process. I have the needed documentation."
"Great. Please show your driver's license to security, then we'll go to my office." A few minutes later, Jeremy and I began working on the forms. It took far longer to do this than to get the new ID. There's bureaucracy for you. He made a call to the Chief to let him know I was now hired as an agent. "Okay. You need to be certified by us. This should be just a formality, but regulations require it of all new hires."
"Fine. Can you have someone show me where to go or take me yourself?"
"I'll make a call." Two minutes later, I was at the gun range. They marked me as an expert in pistol, and rifle. My next stop was the gym. I borrowed a set of sweats, and they tested me in combat. The tester called over an older guy, and told him I was really good, and could he give it a go? I got a suspicious look, but soon we were on the mat. After I took him down using three different styles, he admitted I was lethal and likely an expert also. At the translation desk, I amazed them at the number of languages I knew.
Finally, I was back at HR. Jeremy said, "Wow. You aced your scores. Go home now. Stop by security in the morning to pick up your badge. I'll list you as available. Given your skill set, I think several will be trying to get you. Come by tomorrow morning. I would not normally say that, but I think someone will win the battle for your services by then." He was right.
While officially I was a floater, I spent most of my time either as a combat teacher or bodyguard. Given the number of diplomats in the area, and my skill at language, I was in high demand. Especially as few knew I spoke so many languages. To aid that, I added a few I didn't have that were commonly spoken. There was still plenty, but I used my mental skills to pick up the meaning of what I heard even when I didn't know the language. While I protected my charge by taking them out of the way a number of times, only twice did I face attackers. I left them severely injured, but alive for questioning.
Despite my apparent age, I soon became the bane of the advanced combat class. I saw all their faults, and insisted on perfection. I worked them hard, but they usually appreciated it. Those depending on their skill sure did. But what really made my reputation, was the skills I was teaching the other teachers. They did not understand how I achieved that level of skill, but they called me Master. I also learned that my bones were very dense, and my muscles were stronger, allowing me to lift about fourteen hundred pounds. Inanna admitted to doing that.
Eventually, my five years were up. I handed in my resignation to Chief James, and said I was available for part-time work, but I had other plans for my life. I wanted to retire to the countryside in the south, and just be Daisy Smith in a small town in North Carolina. At that point, he implemented the plans we had worked out for Becky Sue's death in traffic, and remains cremated since the body was already badly burned. On the anniversary of her death, the doctors released the story and data about the regeneration of my hand. That sparked a huge buzz in the medical community. There was supporting evidence in the elder's eyesight being restored.
I had maintained my old mansion, and visited a few times on holidays, to remove certain things I did not want to leave to the children, or to make copies, so I could keep the original. I made a new room in my secret library, and relocated the garden's gate there. Next, I made a magical ventilation system. Lastly, I also removed the access tunnel, and also all other links, so it could not be spotted from outside. I also removed the shed that used to hide the access.
But with the news of my death, my will went into effect, distributing my known wealth to my kids, and turning the mansion into a museum. The theater would routinely play all the films I was in, and my costumes would be on display in the various bedrooms, which were made to be appropriate for the movie the costumes were worn for. The ones not for movies were displayed about the ballroom, where cosplayers could enjoy them.
The small town I chose would soon be a bedroom community due to the recent spike in industrial growth of the neighboring city. I had been eyeing it ever since I spotted the spike, and had done a little secret politicking. The town now hosted the headquarters of Kala Financial, an investment company. I was the main client, but I set that up years ago, and it had found a niche. It had lobbied for several things. First was incorporating the township out to about a twelve-mile radius, which included the local lake in its entirety. Next, was officially permitting women to be topless, and allowing nudity, provided it was not sexual in nature and provided it was near or at the lake. Last, it opened the lakeside for development and purchase.
My house was built custom, at the end of a turn-around. I owned the lots to either side, and kept them empty rather than have houses. While my development was not adjacent to the lake, it was within easy walking distance. Most of my stuff had already been delivered, and the remainder I brought in the back of my pickup. The agent met me at the house. I invited them in for a cool drink, given how hot it was outside. After entering, I casually took off my dress and tossed it on the couch as I led the young man to the kitchen. He was not expecting me to get nude.
"Let's see what is in the fridge. Ah, here's lemonade, beer, orange juice. There may be more, but is there something you would like?"
He was staring at my breasts, and I noted the cold air made my nipples stand out. "Yo! What would you like?"
"I'll take a beer." I pulled two and handed him one.
"Let's go sit out back." I led him there. "Oh, good. The pool is in." I placed my beer on a table, and dove in and swam the length and back underwater. I then climbed out and got my beer. "That sure felt nice." I sat down next to him. A few minutes later, I leaned over him to open the drawer on the table next to him. I pulled out some sunscreen and closed the drawer. "Would you be a dear and put this on me?"
He looked like a deer in headlights, so I said, "Why not start with my feet and work your way up." He did, hesitatingly at first, but as I lay calmly, he gained confidence. However, he skipped over my vagina to do my stomach. Then he skipped my chest entirely and did my arms.
"I guess I'm done." He offered me the sunscreen.
"Mister, if there is anything a woman hates, it is sunburned privates. Go back and be sure you cover every inch of my breasts and vagina." I then closed my eyes, apparently relaxed. When he didn't start, I said, "Please, I don't want to get sunburned." That got him going, and I felt him again be hesitant, so I said, "Good, be sure to rub it into the nipples, as they are sensitive. Don't worry if I make noises, that's just my body's way of saying I like being touched."
Halfway through the second breast, I started moaning softly. He stopped, but when I did nothing, he resumed. So did my moans. When he was on the third one, I was clearly wet. After finishing them, he stopped and said, "Um, it looks like you are kind of wet down there."
"That's nothing to be worried about. My body is just saying it wants a dick. You can either get a washcloth from the drawer to wipe me down, or you can go between my legs and lick it off. Personally, I think licking is more fun."
He took the hint. I felt him open my legs, so he could kneel between them, then he started to lick me. My moans got louder, and soon I was holding his head down, saying. "Eat me out, it feels so good." More moans, and soon I came. "Oh, that was wonderful. You can put the sunscreen on now." So he did. Half an hour later, I asked if he could do my back. I turned over and he did.
Rather than lay a while, I got up and said, "I need to unload the truck, and get another drink. Thank you for the sunscreen, and I'll lay down here as soon as the truck is unloaded." I then walked him out, and started unloading the truck. Fifteen minutes later, I was by the pool. For the next two hours, I put more sunscreen on, but rather than using my hands, I used telekinesis. I did a final underwater lap at the pool, before going in to change. That consisted of getting my ID, my belt and my running shoes. The belt held my ID, keys, phone, and some cash. It also held a copy of the laws allowing public nudity near the lake, with the official clarification that meant within one mile. I then left my house and ran the half mile to the lake, and three miles around the edge before heading home. I was stopped several times at the lake for being nude, but I showed them the law, and they let me get back to my run. I used the outdoor shower when I came home, and then made myself dinner.
I spent an hour each morning swimming, and did a run each afternoon just before dinner, and didn't wear a thing all week. I met quite a few people, and told them I would be starting a Pilates class at my place as soon as my license came through. Likewise, I would have couples sex therapy by appointment in the evening. I handed out business cards that told people I was a priestess of Inanna. I also opened a dojo in town and hired someone to run classes. I was available for private lessons in the evening. I usually wore just a miniskirt and heels when I went into town. When I noticed official interest, I whammied them, and they let me alone. Within a month, people got used to seeing me turn up topless everywhere, and official interest dropped.
I called up our children of Osiris, and told them I had cheated death. I invited them to visit, and gave them the address, and reminded them to not tell others. Each came at a different time, and I explained what I had done. With their divine nature, they recognized me even though I now was very different. They, in turn, had not aged beyond adulthood, so they understood about not looking your age. To the guardian at Desert Valley, I made a special trip, but said only I had inherited Becky Sue's link.
While I wore the standard gi at the dojo, that was about the only times my breasts were covered. When the dojo closed at nine, I changed back to my miniskirt and heels and would go to one of the local bars to hang out. Word quickly got out that if you invited me to the men's room, I would have sex with you. Since I stuck around a few hours, I usually got laid three or four times. I almost never paid for my drinks, and never more than one.
The first thing to change was the arrival of a neighbor. Since I had alerted the local realtor about my public naked lifestyle, no kids turned up. When I saw a moving van pull up, I began making an assortment of sandwiches, and also a heat-and-serve dinner. I included a six-pack of lemonade, another of beer, and a bottle of local wine. When all was ready, about ten-thirty in the morning, I put the food in bags, and naked, went to their front door to deliver the food as a welcome to the neighborhood. They were surprised at my nakedness, but one whammy later, they took it in stride. In addition to the food, I mentioned my three jobs, and invited them to use my services if they desired.
A week after they moved in, I invited them over for a cookout and swim in my pool. The mention of thick steaks assured they would attend. Again, they were surprised at my casual nudity, and sometime during the visit, I told them about the laws, and how I only wore clothing when I went into town. I also mentioned being a priestess, and that sex with me often had temporary enhancement effects. When they asked, I said men usually got longer, thicker, and more stamina, while women had their breasts enlarge or shrink a little as they wanted, and more stamina as well.
Six months later, all the neighbors had moved in, and I got to be friends with most. Half of the women were attending my Pilates class, most topless and two nude. There were also women from outside the neighborhood, and two men. One was a neighbor, and he chose to be nude. The other was the husband of one of the outside women. I had three students at the dojo, one of whom was the sheriff. It turns out I first met him at the bar. He took me to the men's room to have sex, but while doing me, he asked me if I was worried about the law. I told him I knew the laws. This was a private establishment, so being naked, and even having sex was okay, as long as it was freely given and no money was involved. He later told me he was surprised I was up on the law. I just told him I enjoyed sex, so anytime he's off duty at the bar, to ask me to the men's room if he's horny.
Two months later, I got my first couples-sex-therapy client. This involved treating a couple whose problem was sexual in nature. When they came to my home, they were surprised at my nakedness, but I just told them it helped set the tone. I then took them to the counseling office, where I got them to talk about their problem, using a whammy to get them talking. I would then do my best to address the mental aspects through talk, but the physical aspects involved taking them to the sex room. This was just a bedroom with a king-size bed, and plenty of sex toys in the drawers. I would explain the place, and get them to loosen up, first by getting naked. Then I would usually guide them in touching each other, and teaching them how to read each other's body. Often, I would have to demonstrate such touching.
While the couples sex therapy was slow to pick up, by the time I had been here a year, I was getting referrals and had two to four clients a month. Additionally, the neighbors had learned of the benefits of sex with me. Perhaps half the time I saw neighbors at a local party, I openly had sex with them. They had come to realize that I was not after anyone's mate, and only wanted them to have great sex. That was soon accepted as normal for me.
At fifteen months, I realized something was off with my body. So I went to a doctor, and got the surprise of my life. I was pregnant. I thanked him, and went home in a fog. That night, I spoke to Inanna. "Queen Inanna, I was surprised to learn I was pregnant, today. Do you know how this is possible?"
"Yes, daughter. While you had your ovaries removed long ago, you more recently regenerated your body. This new young body has new young ovaries, so, of course, you are pregnant."
"Oh! I hadn't planned on this. Have you any suggestions?"
"Yes. Back in Sumer, when my priestess bore a child, they nursed it, and when it was weaned, they gave it to a family without a child. Surely, you can do that here."
"I can. Do you have any requirements for the adoptive parents?"
"Only that they care for and love the child. You are well-equipped to tell that when you meet them."
"Very well, I shall do as you say."
The next day, while lying out by the pool, I worked online to find out how to find good adoptive parents. Within two weeks, I had found a couple wanting a child. The next four weeks, I was in town a lot, dealing with all the paperwork. When I was six months pregnant, I told the people at the bar, they could feel me up, and look at me, but no sex while I was this pregnant. I found quite a few men were curious. After the eighth month, I stopped running, and only walked to the end of the development and back. I felt good enough to run, but felt I should not take the risk. I also hired a midwife. When my water broke, I made two calls. One to the midwife, and the other to the couple. I gave birth on the patio. The next two weeks, I taught them all about caring for a baby, and invited them to share in tasting my milk, as I had plenty with four breasts.
When I felt they had mastered the basics, I told them I would like them to take over care of the child here for a few days. I would pump my milk into containers and store them in the fridge, and they would take them out, heat them, and bottle-feed the child. They did that here at my place. On week five, I sent them home with two weeks' worth of bottled milk, and told them to come back each week for more. They asked, and I told them the extra was for mistakes, sudden bouts of thirst, or other unforeseen events. I told them to ask for more if they needed it. Lastly, I told them they should use my milk only, for the first six months, and to continue using it as a portion through the child's first birthday. After that, I would provide up to three more months, but beyond that the child should be weaned. When I sent them home, I resumed my running, and bar sex.
In the third year, three of the neighbor ladies could routinely be seen walking nude in the neighborhood. Also, one of the guys at the agency came to visit with a request I handle a delicate bodyguard task. He was rather surprised when he drove into my development and saw me returning from my run, naked. I invited him in.
"Hey Dan, want a beer?"
"Sure, Daisy. Um, what's with the nudity?"
"Oh, within a mile of the lake, clothing is optional, so the only time I wear clothes these days is when I go into town or out of the township. As you can see, I have a nice tan, and keep in shape."
"What about the neighbors?"
"By now, they are used to it. If I visit them, they expect me to be nude; likewise, if they visit me, they expect me to be nude. Everyone also knows I go into town late to get a few beers, and to get laid. Since it is legal to be topless in and around town, I usually just wear a miniskirt and heels. The only time anyone sees me with my breasts covered is the dojo, when I wear a gi."
"You work out at a dojo?"
"Actually, I teach there, but only for private lessons in the evening. Mornings I have Pilates in the backyard, and some evenings I have couples sex therapy."
"Wow, you've changed."
"Not really. One thing I did not advertise was that I am a priestess of Inanna. Some think of her as a goddess of sex. She is much more, but that tends to grab the attention. At the agency, it was not wise to be so brazenly sexual. Here, however, people accept it. I even see some of the neighbors privately to have sex. Also, while the Pilates is about a quarter men, over half the students attend in the nude, and some of the neighborhood women even walk over in the nude to attend. So, what brings you here?"
"We have an ambassador's son who is attending a friend's costume party, but we fear the ambassador's enemies will strike since nobody will know who is who."
"I see. And as his 'date' I can guard him, right?"
"Yes. We offered several other ladies to be his date, but he said they were too old."
"How soon is the party?"
"A week and a half."
"And the pay? Equipment?"
"Pay per the standing contract you have, and the equipment is anything within reason."
I thought about it for a few minutes, and covertly read his mind about the situation. "Okay. I'll have to cancel or suspend stuff tonight, but we can leave in the morning. Do you have a place to stay yet?"
"No, I was just going to find the nearest motel."
"Don't bother. You're staying here tonight."
"You sure?"
"Yes. Let me show you where everything is, then you can grab your bags and settle in." I deliberately said which room was mine in the list of places I mentioned. I then got on the phone and had one of the neighbor ladies who walk to Pilates nude, to take over the class for two weeks. I got the dojo to alert my clients I was unavailable for two weeks, but would continue then. I set my public couples sex therapy status as busy for the next two weeks. I then cooked dinner for us.
After dinner, we watched a movie, and when Dan put his arm around my shoulder, I pulled his hand down to my breast. He gave me a look, so I said, "I can clearly see I arouse you, and I enjoy sex, especially with friends. Go ahead and enjoy my breast. Later, if you want to have sex, and to sleep with me, just come into my room. I'll happily welcome you."
"You really are different."
"Yeah. While a nympho must have sex all the time, I don't need it, yet often allow it. Likewise, a nudist won't wear clothes, but I just choose to wear as little as I can. The whole neighborhood knows this, and is okay with it. I think some would not recognize me in clothes. He-he."
"What does the Sheriff think about this?"
"He is one of my students at the dojo. His position means he needs to be discreet, but sometimes he will stay late, and have sex with me."
"This is a strange town you have here."
"True, but the sex crime rate is nonexistent, and the Sheriff likes that. I think my own bar sex also keeps the trade away, because why pay when you can get it for free."
When the movie was over, I said goodnight and went to bed. I left the door open, and when he went past, he saw me lying nude on my bed.
Twenty minutes later, he knocked on my door.
"Yes?"
"Um, is that offer still open?"
"Sure, just throw your robe on the chair."
We spoke a few words softly deciding how to have sex, and said nothing more. The only sounds were of sexual joy and orgasms. In the morning, I woke him by deepthroating him. We decided to get breakfast on the road, and instead both packed.
It was a long drive, but we got to his place late. He offered to put me up in a motel, but I said I wouldn't mind a night in his bed. I gave him another wake-up call like before, and then we dressed and had breakfast. I wore a tank top that barely covered the upper breasts, while mostly hiding the fact I had four breasts, and a miniskirt that showed too much unless I kept my legs closed. I told Dan that it would ensure his attention. He agreed. We stopped by the agency to sign the paperwork, and then he took me to meet the ambassador's son.
"Hello, Lucas, this is Agent Daisy Smith. Daisy, this is Monsieur Lucas Dubois, son of the French Ambassador."
I said, "Bonjour, je suis heureux de vous rencontrer." Which is, "Hello, I am pleased to meet you."
He was clearly surprised at my French. I quickly realized Dan did not speak any French, so I told Locus in French, "Lucas, I understand you have found the other agents to be too old. Or perhaps you thought they might not be to your taste. I feel you should know that when I go on a date, I expect to get laid. As I am to be your date, I would be more than willing to enjoy your intimate company."
His reply, also in French, was, "You would do that?"
I nodded. Back in English, for Dan's sake, I said, "Will you allow me the pleasure of being your date?"
"Yes Miss Daisy."
Dan was clearly shocked. I just said, "I understand we have a costume party to attend. Can you tell me about it and your current plans?"
"It is a themed party about famous people in history. I want to go as Louis the Sixteenth."
"So that would make me Marie Antoinette."
"Yes."
"Do you have a good costume?"
"No, that has been a problem."
"Let me think on it." Turning to Dan, I asked, "Do you have Lucas' phone number? I'll want to send some pics to him."
"I do."
"Good." Turning to Lucas, I said, "Give me an hour, and I will select some images from history. And we can talk then."
"You think you can do something? I have been desperate to get a good costume."
"Don't worry yet." I turned to Dan and said, "Let's go back to the office. I need to do some research."
Dan and I said our goodbyes, and returned to the office. A few minutes later, I found a picture by Bartholomeus and had Dan send it as a suggestion of a costume to wear. Lucas loved it, but doubted where to get it. I just told him to let me worry about that. To Dan, I said a shopping trip is in order to the nearest sewing store. Dan complained I was buying the whole store. I just said I was buying the essentials to make the costumes at short notice. Next was a leather store for his shoes. Then we went to the hat store. While they did not have the needed hat in stock, they promised they could get it in three days. I had Dan pay for it also, and told him to pick it up. Last was a theater supply store. There I got the wigs and powder needed and also a fake sword. I took over a conference room, and went to work. I told Dan I needed Lucas for a fitting in the morning, and to have him wear a swimsuit, as that would be the simplest way. Dan brought me dinner, and when I quit for the night, took me to his place again. I took a shower, and then crawled into his bed.
When Dan brought Lucas, he was surprised at what I was doing. I just told him to go behind the screen and put the pants on. He did, and was surprised how close it came to fitting. I told him to hold still while I marked it. Then I sent him back to put on the vest. Again, close, but it needed adjustment. Finally, I told him to get in bare feet, so I could measure them. He sat down, and took off his shoes and socks. I traced both feet, and also did side views. I thanked him, and asked him to remove the clothes, so I could work on them.
"But what of your outfit?"
"It will take longer, but I know my measurements well. With you, I had to guess. Tomorrow, I should have the base items. The decoration can be added later. The wig and powder we can try tomorrow as well."
"You are amazing."
"Thank you; now get changed, so I can get back to work."
He went and changed. Before he left, he said goodbye. That night, I finished the pants and vest; I had a ruffle to wear over a white shirt, and the coat done, except for the sleeves.
In the morning, I examined the fit and determined the pants and vest were good. The coat needed adjustment, and I measured him for sleeves. The shoe soles were done, and the leather sides unfinished. I put them in place and marked them. Then I tried his wig on. I compared it to the picture and gave his wig a haircut. Now it matched. Using my phone, I took a photo and let him see. He was impressed, although concerned it seemed a little loose. He then changed and left.
That night, I finished his outfit, and began mine. I took his back to Dan's where I ran it through the wash. I had already allowed for shrinkage. In the morning, I was able to dress him up completely, and even did the powder. I had Dan take him to the bathroom to use the mirror to see and compare with the picture. He came back in awe. I warned him, that the costume is still just a costume and will not handle wear and tear like real clothes. It should last a dozen uses, but beyond that, it will likely fail. He changed, cleaned up, and left. He would pick me up for the party.
I worked on my own outfit. I used wood rather than steel extensions to make the dress wide. This meant it would not set off metal detectors. The corset was designed to push up my upper breasts, flatten my lower ones, and draw in my waist. It did the first, but the other two were done more with visual cues than actual constriction. Getting the dress to look right and hang correctly took three days. The hat took another day. Adding in the needed equipment for keeping in touch, and hiding weapons took another day. It had hidden pockets for my phone, and for half a dozen obsidian daggers.
I put everything on, and Dan watched as I went through the metal detector without my phone and nothing was detected. I was worried about the comm. gear, but apparently it was stealthy. I had Dan send a pic to Lucas. Back at the conference room, Dan told me he was concerned about the outfit interfering with my combat ability. I turned around, and told him to randomly snap his fingers and watch how fast I got into action. He waited nearly thirty seconds, but when he did, I grabbed the mannequin I was next to, and dropped to the floor. Then I pulled the wings of the dress up and hooked them under my arms. I then sprang sideways and up, in a fighting pose, and proceeded to do a few kicks and chops with my hands.
"What do you think?"
"Wow. I didn't even see those hooks or know that the dress folded up."
"That's because you weren't supposed to. Now watch this." I unhooked the dress, and it went back to normal as though nothing happened.
"Nice. You can continue the party after the fuss dies down. What if they are at a distance?"
"See the notepad on the tripod behind me?" He nodded. "Watch." Suddenly, I reached into one of the hidden pockets, and pulled out a dagger. I then spun around and threw it. Having expected this question, I had drawn a small bulls-eye on the notepad earlier. When the dagger hit, the whole thing toppled. "Go and see where it hit."
Dan went over, and exclaimed, "Shit. Dead center. What's it made of?"
"Obsidian. Do not touch the edge. It is sharper than a scalpel." I am just glad it didn't shatter. I had planned the best place for it to not shatter, but without testing I was not sure. "While a gun has a longer range, indoors, a dagger is as good as a gun, and also silent, at least on the sending end."
"Yeah. Still, I would rather not have anyone die."
"I don't plan to kill unless they are killing, and I cannot incapacitate. This could result in a hand or arm chopped off, but you can survive that."
"How the hell did you learn all this? The costumes, the combat, everything."
"I have many secrets. Don't worry about it."
"Right."
I changed back into normal clothes, and we cleaned up everything. I had Dan book me into a fancy hotel for the day of the party and the day after. Lucas came to the hotel, and we changed into our costumes. The hotel van then brought us to the party, where we made a grand entrance, and were announced as Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette.
About ten-thirty, I felt something was off with the party. I started scanning the nearby minds, and soon realized there was an assassination squad of five heading for us. I contacted the support van, telling them, "Gentlemen, action stations. I see several that don't appear to be partygoers heading our way. Be ready to scramble."
I then told Lucas, "Enemies inbound. Move towards the window, and prepare to jump through it. We are on the ground-floor, so your outfit might get a bit dirty, but you will be fine. I'll cover your opening of the window." We slowly headed that way, and they let us. With my wide dress, they could not see his hands opening the window, but the breeze might give it away, so I stilled it with a thought.
I held the comm. line open, and used a reflection off a silver punch bowl to watch them. I put down my drink, and held my hands on the dress pickup points. I read their thoughts to see when the leader signaled. This gave me a very small lead on his people, and I used it to shout "Leave", and pull my dress into battle mode. I spun as I did this and faced them. I then invoked the Everest power to make my body denser and hard like rock, without losing the flexibility of skin. They came fast, but I held them off. That added density also meant I was far more massive, and they were unable to push me. I quickly took the first two down by breaking an arm and then a leg. The next two came slower, but went down just as fast. By this time, Lucas was dropping out the window.
The leader, seeing the first pair go down, pulled a gun. When the second pair fell, he took aim at me, but I continued to move quickly, so he wound up aiming for my center of mass. I pulled out an obsidian dagger, and as he fired, I had a clear shot, and threw it hard. It sliced deep into his gun arm, and he screamed in pain. I then advanced on him and gave him a knockout blow. He went down, still bleeding. I called for an ambulance, and tore his outfit up to make a tourniquet. I stopped the bleeding, and saw my backup had arrived. I stepped back to let them handle things, and undid the loops to reset my dress. I released the density and hardness and then went to the restroom to see what damage the bullet did.
While there, I found the bullet hole in the dress, and the bullet had been caught by my waistband. I carefully extracted it and saw that the nose was flattened. There was no mark on my skin as far as I could tell, and I later found none. I put the bullet in a pocket, and used my healing skill to 'heal' the dress. That took three minutes, and afterwards, there was no sign of a hole. Then I checked my makeup. That took nearly fifteen minutes to fix. The whole time, I kept the team apprised of my position, and when my makeup was fixed, I said I was ready to continue the party with Lucas.
He didn't want to come back, so I asked to speak with him directly. They put him on.
"Lucas, it is imperative you return. We can leave early, but on our terms. If you don't, they will have won some political points by showing your apparent fear. You must appear confident. Do not fear, they have utterly failed, and I can protect you. Now, will you meet me at the front door?"
"You are right. I hate this. But I will come."
They told me they were heading to the front door. I went there to meet him. When the door opened, I could see the fear, so I whammied him. "Remember, show no fear. Now come, let us return." I took his hand in mine, and we returned to a round of applause. I whispered, "Nod your head." He did, and I nodded mine in time to his. I called out, "Let us dance; maestro, a waltz!" somebody was on the ball, as the music stopped briefly, then a waltz played. Lucas and I then proceeded to waltz. I had to help him a few times, but we got through it. When the piece was over, we headed for the food, and nibbled and chatted. I made sure Lucas spoke to most everyone.
At that point, I asked the team for a discreet exit, and they talked us through going out the back, where we met them, and headed for the hotel. That is when I gave him the half a cup of alcoholic punch I had grabbed. "Sorry, it is not a full cup, but I could not count on keeping more in an open cup."
"Don't apologize. I am grateful for this."
"You can let loose now. No one watching will tell."
"I am not sure how."
"Lean over, and I will hold you. That should help." He did, and we were quiet until we got to my room. I dismissed the team, telling them Lucas would stay here overnight, and that I was going off the air.
Lucas sat on the couch. I turned off the headset. "Lucas, remember what I said about my dates?"
"Huh?"
"We have a bed, and all night." I then proceeded to take my clothes off. He was mesmerized, and didn't say or do a thing until my four breasts were revealed.
"You have four? But how? You looked like you only had two!"
"Clothes hide many secrets. Do not worry, just take your clothes off and join me on the bed."
He seemed hesitant, yet I could sense his desire. Suddenly, I realized he was a virgin. "Do not be concerned if you lack experience. I can teach you all you need to know. Turn the light out, if you need to."
He chose to turn the light out. He managed to get to the bed without too much difficulty. I used quiet words to encourage him to undress. When he seemed reluctant to take off his underwear, I said, "You do not need to have sex if you don't want to. Sleep knowing you're safe is also worthwhile."
"I... I want to have sex, but I have never..."
"Then join me. Touch me, and I will guide you." It took time, and patience, but I made it into a lesson, so that it would seem like an ordinary class. I also spoke French, so that he would instinctively understand, rather than have to go to the effort of translating and the fear of mistakes. For the next hour, I instructed him on the way to please a woman, and had him practice on me. At that point, I sensed he was comfortable being intimate with me. I asked if I might return the touch, and instruct him on his body. He agreed.
When he came in his underwear and on my hand, I just told him it was merely a lack of experience and nothing of note. I continued on as though it was common. Half an hour later, I was able to get him naked and showed him how a dick interacts with a vagina. I kept instructing, as though it were a class. Eventually, he came while inside me. I congratulated him on transitioning from a boy to a man. I then told him to sleep in peace.
When he started snoring, I got up and washed his underwear, and dried it. I then got back in bed with him and went to sleep. In the morning, I deepthroated him and woke him up as he came.
"Last night, I taught you about sex. Would you like more lessons, or would you like me to act like a normal girl that is horny?"
"I think the latter."
"Then show me. Make your move and make me happy." I still had to guide him, but I used subtler methods, so he didn't realize it. A few minutes later, we came. We were relaxing in the afterglow, when the room's phone rang. I answered, had a short conversation, and then hung up.
"What was that about?"
"Your father worries about you. We need to get you back."
"He's gonna kill me. He warned me not to go. So you said we would be there in an hour?"
"Yes. Do you think if we arrived in costume, he might get distracted?"
"It is worth a try."
"Then head for the shower. We'll get clean together."
We took a shower together, but I kept him focused on getting clean. We finished and dried off before getting into our costumes. When he hesitated with his underwear, I told him I had rinsed it out as he slept. Not great, but clean enough. I then inspected his costume for dirt and damage and didn't find much.
"Good. Let's go down." I turned on the comm. gear, and did a radio check. Getting confirmation, I indicated we were heading down, and needed to head to the embassy.
Pulling up to the embassy, Lucas got out, and gave me a hand out. "Thank you, my king."
"It is my pleasure, Marie."
Lucas then walked me hand in hand into the embassy, where we saw his father waiting impatiently. Just before he was about to speak, I said in French, "Oh, Louie, who is this charming man."
Lucas played into it as I had suggested. "Marie, this is my beloved sire."
"Sir, you have such a charming son. Last night at the revelry, he paid so much attention to me, I was just embarrassed to know he was ignoring the other ladies. You have taught him well. I must also say he dances well, and I really enjoyed our last dance." I then curtsied to him.
"Lucas, go see your mother. She is worried." Lucas bowed, and then left.
"As for you, young lady, you got lucky. Others could have made another attempt, even just outside."
Changing my demeanor, I said, "Mr. Ambassador, I am Agent Daisy Smith, and I take my job seriously, and was prepared for trouble, even on the way here."
"In that outfit? I doubt it."
"I was in this very outfit when the five attacked. I took all five down. I am very good at my job."
"And what if they had someone with a gun?"
"They did have someone with a gun." I dug into the pocket and pulled out the bullet. "They shot at me, so I threw a knife at him."
"That is good, but what if there was another."
I moved slowly, and pulled out a dagger. "I started with six." I then carefully reversed it and offered it to him. "Please take the knife, and examine it. It is sharp enough to kill."
"How the hell did you get that past security?"
"It is not metal, but glass. While fragile, it would last long enough."
"I have underestimated you. I am sorry."
"Why not introduce me to your wife and reassure her that your son was in good hands?"
"That is a good idea. Follow me."
Back in the family quarters, we heard them, before we saw them. "Honey, he is safe, and the agent they sent with him is surprisingly competent."
At this, I curtsied. Back as 'Marie' I said, "Madam, your son has been a gentleman. It is clear his dame has raised him to respect others. I also see where he gets some of his beauty and charm."
Lucas picked up on this, and introduced me as Marie Antoinette. I noticed the ambassador holding back a smile.
"Oh, my! You are indeed, Marie. Looking at you two, I even can tell the picture your outfits are from. Tell me, what is your name when you are not Marie?"
Shifting back to 'agent', I said, "Ma'am, I am Agent Daisy Smith. At your service." I again curtsied. "I have returned your son safe and sound, even if there was a bit of a fuss."
"I am glad you found the costume that matches his, although I don't know where you bought them on such short notice. Lucas had been looking for over a month for his."
"Ma'am, I did not buy our outfits. I made them. There was barely enough time, but as you can see, I succeeded."
"You made these?"
"Yes. While not authentic, they do appear so, and thus succeeded at the costume party. I am sure the gossip rags will mention us, as they were there. I would like to ask a favor."
"Oh, and what would that be?"
"We are dressed as the King of France and his Mistress. This is the French Embassy. Could you use my phone to take a few pictures of us with a suitable backdrop? It would be a nice keepsake."
"We will do more than that. The Embassy photographer will take them, and we can put out a press release. We will give you copies of the photos."
"Thank you."
Lucas got a bit embarrassed, so I told him to buck up, and think happy thoughts. He got the hint, and smiled. That smile stayed throughout the photo shoot. Just before I left, I was given a memory stick with the photos.
Returning to the van, I got in, and we went back to the hotel, so I could change into my agent clothes. Then back to the office to fill out all the paperwork. The next day, Dan drove me home, taking two days as we had the time. We stopped to pick up a few papers. After getting undressed, Dan and I set up the Marie Antoinette outfit on a stand. He chose not to stay. As it was early enough, I did my usual afternoon run, and said hello to many who noticed my absence. Rather than go to the dojo, I called and left a message saying I would resume lessons tomorrow. Then I went to a bar, and didn't leave until near closing time. Even with making them quickies, there was only enough time to have sex with about thirty guys.
In the morning, I led my Pilates class. That afternoon, the sheriff came and spoke to me.
"I saw you on the scandal sheets. Clearly, you are okay. So what happened?"
"I was on a date with the French Ambassador's son. We went to a costume party, and five bad guys decided to make trouble. They are now in custody after I disabled them. That's the official story. What is not public is that I was actually his bodyguard and the date was a cover. The bad guys have issues with the Ambassador."
"You, a bodyguard? You're that good?"
"Yes. I have trained professionals. I have a lot of history that is secret, and thus a lot of skills. If you or your officers need combat training, I can do what you need. However, I don't want to be known as lethal, as that will severely impact my sex life. So I would want the training to be in secret. I don't mind the cops knowing I am lethal with my bare hands."
"Secret agent, huh?"
"Almost. Government agent with secrets. At best, a handful know a lot of my secrets. They helped with my identity. Only the divine know all my secrets. You, on the other hand, are a friend. I am willing to help you out if I can, but I shall keep secrets even from my friends. It is in part for their protection, but more for my peace of mind. Sorry, but that is how I want it."
"New ID, huh. I won't ask, but now I'll be watching you to see what I can figure out about you. A new hobby."
"Best of luck. I might even tell you if you are right or wrong. But if you truly need help, I am willing, and you may learn more."
"That's all I really wanted to talk to you about, but one thing you said interested me."
"Oh, what is that?"
"You don't want your sex life impacted."
"How does that interest you?"
"You know I like having sex with you. I have time, and now that I know you really like it, I want it."
"He-he. In that case, strip and give me twenty. You can do it over my naked body."
I then lay down in front of him as he stripped and assumed the position. I guided him in, and he proceeded to give me twenty. He even did it fast. As he was doing the last one, I told him to come, and hit him with a whammy to make it happen. We both came, but he took a little time to lift from his last rep.
"That was nice. If you want more, I am ready. However you like."
He wanted more, and we continued for nearly an hour.
Later, I swam for an hour, then went in and got my belt. I walked, still naked, to the local supermarket, as the route was within the one-mile limit all the way to the store. There, I bought two copies of today's scandal sheets and newspapers. When the clerk asked why, I pointed to the picture, and said that was me.
When I got home, I used one set to start my scrapbook and put in the banner, headline, and story.
When I entered the dojo, they welcomed me back. I only had one student that evening, but the sheriff came and watched me.
Afterwards, he asked me, "Will you spar with me and show me what you can do?"
"Sure, but not for another hour. Then the dojo will be empty. I'll be happy to wait for you."
"Okay. I'll take a break for dinner and be back after."
"I'll see you then."
I worked out on some of the machines the dojo kept to attract potential customers. The sheriff returned forty-five minutes later. He changed into a gi, and we chatted until the last class left. Then we headed to a free mat in the back.
"I am a master in several forms, so don't worry about me. Shall we begin?"
"Yes." He backed away a bit and then bowed. I did the same. I also used Inanna's gift to make others less interested in us.
I said, "Begin," and we closed. It was clear he was a black belt, and knew a number of dirty tricks. I showed him that not only did I know those moves, I also knew others. When he started repeating moves, I said, "Now for my next form." I then switched to another style. He was quite surprised, but managed to keep up. I showed him five forms, and the only one he had difficulty with was the one with all the legwork.
When we stopped, he said, "Man, you are good. Glad you are one of the good guys."
"Thank you. If you need anyone trained, I have done that before."
"I'll keep that in mind. Well, time for me to go home."
"Goodbye."
We both went to the locker rooms, and then he left. One of the trainers came up to me and asked where I learned all those moves. I said my past has many secrets. And it is a time I don't wish to talk about, if you understand. He was dissatisfied, but left. I then left the dojo and went to a bar in my usual miniskirt and heels.
Over the next few days, life settled back down to normal, although I got a number of questions about my date. I just said it was arranged, but we had fun and a bit of excitement. The ladies loved my costume.
As to what happens next? Maybe I will tell someday.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
This completes the tales of Nigkala. Daisy, however, may have her own new stories...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!