Standard disclosure: Everyone in this story is over 18. Everything you'll read below is true... I'd love to hear back from people with similar experiences!
*
So, I've been reading stories on this site for years now, and the stories I've found myself most turned on by are the ones that are true. I've had some pretty exciting real life experiences with my wife, and I look forward to sharing some of the most interesting of those experiences with the readers of the website I've grown to love so much.
A little bit about myself - I'm 36 years old, 6 feet tall, and I weigh 190lbs. I'm of middle eastern descent, and I have very fair skin with dark eyes and hair. The experience that I'm going to share today centers around my wife, Tanya (also 36), to whom I've been married to for about six years now. While she's very cute, what I first noticed about her was definitely her body. Tanya has 36DD breasts, which are especially prominent on her 5'4" 125lb frame, a small waist, and hips that flare out. In addition to having my ideal body type for a woman, Tanya has a lot of other qualities which are incredibly attractive to me - she's really into pleasing her guy, she enjoys being an exhibitionist on occasion (she's very discreet 99% of the time), and she's always had a thing for younger men, which I found to be particularly hot not only because of a MILF fascination I had growing up, but also because she teaches high school on top of that. In general, Tanya is really easy to talk to and just a lot of fun to be around, and I couldn't have been luckier in finding a partner to spend my life with.
While the two of us have had some very "Literotica worthy" experiences in our marriage, the first of those will always stand out to me as being among the most special. Tanya and I had been married for a couple of years when my eldest sister called me from her home in California to say that her two teenage sons would be coming to Maryland for a few days for a lacrosse camp that they were attending. Because we live close by in Virginia, they were wondering if they could spend a few days with us afterwards and do a bit of sightseeing in Washington, DC (which is about 20 minutes from where we live).
I'm from a pretty big family and my eldest sister and I aren't particularly close, so I'd only met my nephews a few times, the last of which was years ago. However, Tanya and I always enjoy having people over, so naturally I said that we'd be happy to accommodate them.
Because the boys would be staying with us for a few days in July and Tanya has the summers off as a teacher, we'd figured that she'd be able to play the role of tour guide during the week. As their visit became closer and closer, Tanya was getting excited to have something to look forward to. About a week before they came, we talked about how we could keep them busy and entertained. Tanya was curious to see what the two looked like, and when I pulled up a recent picture of them, she flashed a smile and said "oh wow, they're pretty cute."
Her look instantly gave me a raging hard-on. Although we'd always talked about different fantasies that we have (the "older woman younger man" being a pretty regular one), we had never really acted on any of them up until this point. While we'd had a really good sex life up until this point, we both figured this might be a good opportunity to spice it up a bit.
Tanya and I proceeded to talk about having a bit of innocent fun with the boys. Given her large lingerie collection and her exhibitionist inclinations, we figured that she could parade around in some of her nighties during their visit. Because we don't know either of the two particularly well, we thought it would be best for her to start off in a fairly modest outfit on the first night and escalate the level of boldness of each outfit every night during their three night stay with us. Tanya wanted to make sure that the two wouldn't be put off by anything she was doing, so having the ability to dial things up or down provided her with the comfort that she wouldn't be making a fool of herself.
We spent the next several days discussing what she'd wear each evening. The conversations coupled with the anticipation of their arrival helped us to have some of the hottest sex we'd had in some time. It felt as if we'd spent the days counting down to their arrival in a constant state of arousal, which was a really great feeling.
After their three day lacrosse camp ended in Maryland on a Thursday evening, I left work to swing by and pick them up. When they met me at my car, I became fairly that Tanya would be attracted to both of them. The elder of the two, Mark, was about 6'1" and 175lbs, and his younger brother Jason was about 5'10" and 160lbs. It was clear that the two of them stayed extremely fit playing sports year-round.
I found Mark and Jason to be very polite and engaging in conversation on the car ride home. We spent the trip home talking about family, sports, and the DC area, and the boys talked about being excited to be away from home for a little while and seeing the east coast for the first time. I told them that their aunt would be showing them around DC on Friday since I'd be working, and that on Saturday we'd all spend the day relaxing on my boat. They were scheduled to fly back to California early Sunday morning.
When we got home, Tanya greeted us at the door dressed in a tight t-shirt and jeans, which is an outfit that's pretty typical for her to wear, but one that still shows off her incredible curves. She gave each of the boys a warm hug and we all prepared to sit around the table for dinner. When the two of us were in the kitchen alone for a moment I asked her about her first impressions of our nephews. Tanya just blushed and smiled and made her way back to the dining table.
Conversation over dinner flowed pleasantly from topic to topic. Tanya and I were drinking a little wine with dinner, but when I offered the boys a glass, they looked at each other briefly before Mark politely declined on their behalf.
We spent a good amount of time talking about high school, and it was obvious that Tanya's time teaching helped her to relate to teenagers very easily. As Tanya and I helped ourselves to some more wine, I could see that she was getting a bit buzzed, which causes her to be even more flirtatious than she usually is. She said to the two of them that were both pretty cute and that they must have girls beating down their doors back home. Mark smiled and modestly said that they do just fine in that department.
My eldest sister (their mom) has always been a bit of a prude, and our interaction over dinner gave me the impression that the boys were afraid that anything they said or did would get back to her. This was actually welcomed news for me, because it made me confident that anything we'd do at our house wouldn't make it back to her.
As we finished up dinner, Tanya excused herself to go get ready for bed. After Mark, Jason, and I had cleaned things up in the kitchen and settled down to watch some television, Tanya came back dressed in her pre-arranged nightwear for the evening. The nightgown Tanya was wearing was probably one of the more conservative of the fifty or so that she has - a simple thin blue cotton nightie. Although the nightie came down to her feet, what made her look amazing in it was how deeply it plunged, revealing an ample amount of her amazing cleavage. She was wearing the small robe that came with it, but it did nothing to hide her nipples that were at full attention.
When she walked into the room there was a second of awkward silence, but she quickly started chatting away to communicate that everything was normal. She would later tell me that both boys looked away when they first saw her which made her think that our whole plan may have been a mistake, but we both noticed the boys sneaking a peak whenever they thought that we weren't looking. We spent another half hour or so continuing our earlier conversation before Tanya and I showed them their rooms and retired to our rooms for the evening.
I shut the door and practically attacked her, ripping off her nightie and shoving her to the bed. She was as wet as she's ever been, and started moaning as soon as I slipped my hard cock inside of her. Tanya is usually a pretty loud moaner, but we tried to keep things down so Mark and Jason wouldn't be able to hear us. At the end of our session, she told me that she thought both boys were even better looking in person, and that she had a feeling that this would be a really fun few days. Seeing how turned on all of this "taboo" behavior made my wife was probably the biggest thrill for me, and things would likely play out how we'd hoped they would was incredibly exciting. We were both so turned on that we fucked again before falling asleep.
As planned, we all woke up at about 7:00 the next morning and Tanya made us breakfast while still dressed in her nightie from the previous night. I told Tanya that I wanted her to be very "touchy/feely" (in an innocent way) with the boys to make sure they felt comfortable being around her. She kissed them both good morning on the cheek and made sure that her tits were pressed up against their lean bodies just long enough for them to notice. She'd touch them on the arm, back, shoulders, etc. at every available opportunity, which comes natural to her as she's a very affectionate person.
We didn't discuss much at breakfast other than how the three of them were planning to spend the day. Tanya planned on taking the boys to some of the Smithsonian museums in the city. I told her not to wear anything too over-the-top while they'd be out, but I did tell her that I wanted for her to continue to touch them throughout the day so they felt comfortable with it. She wore a tight t-shirt and tight jeans that she always looks great in, and the three of them left to start their day soon after I'd left for work.
I had a hard time focusing at work because I was wondering what they were all up to, but I forced myself to wait until lunch to give Tanya a call to see how things were going. My lovely wife said that the three of them were having a great time, and she'd noticed that Mark was starting to find excuses to touch her as well, and while Jason continued to be the shier of the two, he was still very engaging in conversation.
Tanya mentioned that while they were all grabbing a bite to eat, she tried picking Mark's brain a little bit and asked him what kind of girls he's attracted to at school. He looked at her confidently and said "girls who look a lot like you, actually" with a look in his eye that she told me made her tingle. She blushed but still managed to tell him "well maybe I can give you some tips on how to make that happen before you leave" at which point he blushed back and looked away.
I left work as soon as I could to make sure I was home in time to meet them back for dinner. We decided to order a few pizzas and relax and watch some tv. This time, when I offered Mark and Jason a beer, they were happy to oblige. I felt a little guilty giving them beer at first, but the way they gulped it down ensured that it wasn't their first time having had it. As we talked about their day, it was easy to see that both Mark and Jason were starting to feel very comfortable around us. Although our interactions had gone well the night before, I sensed that the young men realized that they could be themselves around us, and that we weren't looking to rat them out to their mother.
When we decided to watch a baseball game on tv, Tanya excused herself to go hop in the shower and freshen up for the night. She came back an hour or so later dressed for bed. By this time, I was on my fifth or sixth beer and the boys were more or less keeping pace. When she entered the living room she was wearing my favorite nightie, a white gown that's lacy on the top and silky at the bottom. Tanya wasn't wearing the robe that comes with it tonight, and it didn't take much effort to see that the lace revealed her nipples.
I was shocked (but incredibly turned on) when I saw what she was wearing because it was actually the outfit that we'd planned for the next (and last) night. The fact that she had skipped her nightie for the evening let me know that she was even more attracted to Mark and Jason than she'd suspected, and that she meant business over the next day and a half.
I looked at her, smiled, and whistled my approval. Mark and Jason, who were clearly both pretty buzzed by now, stood up and applauded. She blushed and said shyly "hey, I've only got two and a half days to become your favorite aunt, so I have to pull out all of the stops!" At this point, I had to readjust my pants to hide my erection, and I noticed that Mark and Jason were doing a bit of readjusting themselves. We did some more drinking and talking that night before we all decided to go to bed.
I suspect that Mark and Jason were in a hurry to get to their separate rooms so that they could each jerk off, and I was in a hurry to get my gorgeous wife behind closed doors so I could fuck the hell out of her.
As was the case the night before, as soon as I shut our bedroom door I was devouring Tanya, who made a little less effort to muffle her groans. She was even wetter than the night before, and she told me that she'd stayed aroused for the better part of the day. She said that while Jason was very sweet, Mark had a cockiness about him that she found incredibly attractive. I asked her what had compelled her to wear the sexier nightie tonight, and she said that we only had a day and a half left together, and she knew that we'd all be turned on by it. My little minx looked at me innocently and said "so what's the harm?" I was so wired at that point that I had to fuck her again really long and hard before I could calm down enough to fall asleep.
When we woke up the next day, Tanya and I immediately picked up our conversation trying to answer the question we'd had the night before - "now what?" When we'd decided on what to do, we headed downstairs to start getting breakfast together. The boys slept in a bit, and by the time they came downstairs Tanya had showered and changed into shorts and a t-shirt. Mark joked that if he'd known Aunt Tanya wouldn't be wearing her nightie from last night all morning, he'd have woken up earlier to stare at her. We both laughed and I was impressed with his boldness. I told him that I had a feeling that his aunt would be wearing something to his liking before the day was done.
While Tanya wasn't wearing a lacy nightie when they saw her, I have to say she still looked pretty great in shorts that were almost Daisy Duke short and a tight t-shirt she'd deftly cut at the neck to reveal a hint of cleavage. While the boys got ready, she packed her bag, put on some high heels, and we were all off to our boat before noon.
We weren't on the boat for long before Tanya peeled off her shorts and t-shirt to reveal the string bikini I'd instructed her to wear. I'm sure I'm biased, but I don't think many men would argue that she's a walking wet dream when wearing a bikini. This one was struggling to cover her 36DDs and her heart shaped ass. She didn't feel as comfortable in a bikini because she doesn't have a six pack stomach but believe me, her stomach is still flat and she looked absolutely incredible.
Unlike the night before, Tanya decided to join us as the three of us drank beer. When we were all pretty buzzed and in a secluded part of the Potomac River, I encouraged the three of them to go for a swim to cool off while I relaxed on the boat. I would have joined them, but I was curious to see what Mark and Tanya would do if they were a bit buzzed and I wasn't within sight. I suspected that Mark would be pretty bold given that he was starting to flirt with my wife pretty openly around me.
The boys and their aunt had been in the water for some time when I started to nod off. I woke up to the sound of them carrying on and Tanya laughing hysterically. I walked over to take a quick peek and saw that the three of them were wrestling around in the water. Again, I got an instant hard on knowing that these two handsome teenagers were wrestling around with my gorgeous wife with nothing more than a couple of pieces of cloth separating them. After wrestling around with them for a bit, Tanya told them that she felt guilty that their uncle was missing out on all of the fun and that she wanted to go and see what I was doing. She made her way back on to the boat while the boys continued their swim in the river.
Had the boys returned to the boat with their aunt, they'd be able to see that their aunt's bikini was the kind that becomes completely see-through when wet. I wanted to fuck her as soon as I saw her come aboard, but I wanted to fuck her even harder when she told me what had happened in the water.
Tanya breathlessly began to tell me that both boys had decided to playfully "attack" her, and it didn't take much wrestling around before she could feel that their erections through their shorts. She said that while Jason was more or less appropriate in where he was touching her, that Mark's hands from the outset were all over her tits, and it wasn't very long before they made their way inside of her bikini bottom as well. She said that her lack of resistance to any of it probably encouraged him to see where she'd draw the line, but that she was so turned on that she had to get out of the water before she started fucking him right there.
In all of our years of being together, I'm not sure that I've ever been more turned on. While we'd discussed a lot of different fantasies, I never really gave serious thought to another guy touching, let alone fucking, my wife. Like most guys, I figured I'd be too insecure and/or jealous to ever let that happen. However, here I was looking at my gorgeous wife, who I know is incredibly attracted to me, turned on to a level I'd rarely seen her. I'm sure that it helped that I never seriously considered Mark to be a threat to my manhood or someone she'd run off with, so I kissed her deeply, and told her that she should have all the guilt-free fun she could handle with Mark the rest of the day. She let out a moan and told me that she wanted to tease him a bit more before figuring out what exactly she wanted to do.
I checked to see what Mark and Jason were up to, and when I saw that they were still swimming a bit away from us, I grabbed her by the hand, led her to the bathroom aboard the boat, and fucked her as hard as I ever have.
We both came within a couple of minutes, which is probably a good thing because I think we were both about to pass out from all of the excitement. By the time we came out of the bathroom the boys were climbing aboard the boat, and had a look at their aunt in her incredible see-through bikini. She smiled as they openly gawked at her saying "I didn't realize this becomes so transparent when it's wet... I hope you boys don't mind." Both Mark and Jason looked like they were going to pass out.
I would guess that Mark had stayed out in the water long after his aunt had come aboard because he'd been a little weary of what Tanya may have been telling me when he saw us huddled up together, but I think he was feeling pretty comfortable once he saw what his aunt was wearing and she nestled up aside of him to hand him another beer. When she thought I wasn't looking, I saw her lightly touch his crotch and whisper something in his ear. As the boys were eating the sandwiches we'd brought, I pulled her to the side to ask her what she'd said. She coyly told me that she'd said to him "don't worry - I'll take care of THAT before the day's all done." I could do nothing but give her a big smile.
We had our lunch, spent some more time on the boat, and decided that we'd spent enough time in the hot sun and that it was time to head back to our house. The three of them passed out on the drive home, which made the trip back pretty uneventful, but I was dying to see what Tanya would do when we got back.
It was about 5 in the evening when we all got back, and we all figured that we should take a bit of a nap. Jason said that he'd rather just watch tv, Mark headed to his room, and Tanya and I crashed in our bed. Tanya and I slept for a few hours before I got up, hopped in the shower, and headed to the living room to find Jason and Mark relaxing and having some beer. We figured we'd order in dinner from a delivery place again, and not long after it had arrived my lovely, and now tanner, wife came downstairs wearing a new nightie for the evening. This one was a baby blue mesh nightie that was virtually see-through above the top and silk below the waist, and something that I would have never guessed she'd have been bold enough to wear in front of the boys before the trip had started. We all commented on how great she looked and she said that she'd miss getting so much attention from three hot guys, so that she was going to enjoy it while she could.
After having had dinner and doing some more drinking, it was getting close to 11. Jason said that he was exhausted and headed off to bed, leaving me, Mark, and Tanya alone together. It was funny to see things get kind of quiet and awkward after he'd left the room, but I suspect that at that point, both Tanya and Mark were thinking of what the best way to get rid of me would be so that they could continue on with their game. I smiled to myself when I figured out what was going on, and after leaving them squirming for a little bit, I said that I'd be heading off to bed as well. I gave Tanya a kiss, gave Mark a wink and told him to be a good boy and do whatever his aunt said.
I could get into the details of what happened the rest of the night, but I don't want to take away from some of the other experiences that Tanya and I have had that I look forward to sharing with you. It's really hard to overestimate the impact that this experience had on our sex lives. It certainly my lust for my wife a jump start, and was a real turning point in our relationship.