I am Who I am.

The journey of a man who finds happiness late in his life.
I have always found women's fashion appealing. In mostly the under garments, bras and panties were my attention getters. The way the bra covered a large portion of skin on the curvy girls intrigued me and raised my sexual desires.
As a child, I would put on my sister's bras when they were not home. I would admire myself in the mirror for as long as I could. I would be clothed below the waist, but my penis would be hard as a stone. I would walk throughout the house wearing my sister's bra, pretending to be a girl. I stuffed the bra with socks and put on a shirt and looked at how my body changed.
Later in life I would buy my own bras. Felling the cups with ballons filled with warm water. D cup or larger was the only bras I would buy. I would purchase the full cup bras to conceal the ballon completely. After I would put on a shirt, the water would move with in the cup revealing a natural breasted woman.
After I realized how easy it was to buy women's clothing online, I had a very nice wardrobe of dresses and sleepwear. I would walk around the house cleaning and lounging by myself. Never going out into public dress as a woman. I was content to just be alone and wear my women's clothing for my own pleasure. I did not wear wigs or put on makeup. Eventually I stopped wearing bras with ballons, I found out that a B or C cup bra fit my muscular frame well. Even causing me to display a little cleavage. I also could wear my bra all day under my men's clothing. I could go to the office and work, then go out to dinner or shopping. No one could tell I was wearing a bra.
Everything changed for me when a neighbor became my peeping tom. George would sneak down to my house and peek into my windows at night. There I would be dressed in my dress or sleepwear, walking throughout the house proudly. After a few weeks, George said, "I like your blue dress." This is when I knew who my peeping tom was. I had never been outside the house in my blue dress. So, I called the police. The officer who came was a real piece of shit and said I could not shoot a peeping tom, and it is not a crime. He also said to buy thicker curtains.
I then decided, if George is so happy watching me dressed as a woman, I will invite him over to view me up close and in person. I texted him and asked if he could come down and join me for a glass of wine. George is not a sporting person, more of a man bitch. Out of shape, old and ugly. Ratty beard and balding spots in his hair.
He came down and I opened the door naked. Yes, I was completely naked for George. He found my state of undress appealing and smiled like a child at Christmas. He walked in as I stood out of view from any passers-by. George licked his lips, I could see his man package was starting to grow in his baggy jeans.
After I closed and locked the door, I walked in front of George to the kitchen twisting my ass the best I could to attract his attention. I asked him to have a seat on the sofa and went to gather the glasses and wine bottle. George kept me in view the entire time. I bent at the waist with my legs slightly parted to show off my man pussy. I had already taken an enema just in case George wanted to stick a finger in my asshole during his first visit.
When I returned with the wine and glasses, I asked George to pour us a glass full while I go try on my newest purchase for him. He looked up like a little puppy smiling with big eyes. I put on a red thong, red B-cup bra that fit snug and gave me more cleavage. I then put on my new red and black sleeveless dress that had a V-neckline. When I entered the living room George stood up. His cock on high alert, he was enjoying my show. I stood in the center of the room in front of him and turned around to show off my back side. George loved my look and offered me my wine glass. After George sat back down, I bent forward to show off my red bra and give him a peek. George told me he liked my look with his smile and the hardness in his jeans.
I was still standing in front of George when I downed my glass of wine and handed my glass back to him. I asked him to refill my glass for me and handed the empty glass back to him with a smile. I returned to the kitchen to get the snack trap I purchased for his visit. I returned to the living room carrying the snack tray on a folding table. I put the table and tray to the left of George and squatted with my knees slightly parted to give George a little peek of my red thong. He asked me what I had on under my dress. I stood up and raised the hem to my waist with both hands to show my red thong. George leaned back to get a better view before I allowed the dress to fall back into place.
I picked up my wine glass and emptied it. I asked George to refill my empty glass. I told him that I was going to change into another outfit. He quickly grabbed my empty glass and filled it full. I went into the bedroom and closed the door, changed into a pink and blue night gown. No bra this time and a light blue thong. The night gown was just above my knees in length and had spaghetti straps. The top covered my nipples but allowed me to bend forward without showing them.
When I entered the living room this time, George was seated and rubbing his cock through his pants. I walked in front of him again and turned completely around several times to allow my hem to rise showing off my light blue thong. George enjoyed the view and lowered his head attempting to see more. I sat in George's lap on his left thigh, so I could have access to his hard cock on his right thigh. I reached down and moved his hand and started caressing his cock through his pant leg. He moaned and he moved both arms to his sides allowing me the freedom to do as I pleased.
George was not wearing a belt, so all I had to do was unbutton the jeans and pull down the zipper to release his cock. George was not wearing underpants either. His uncut cock poked out of the foreskin ready to play. I reposition his cock between his legs standing tall. Then I stood up with my back to him and lifted my nightgown to my waist. I sat down on George's lap again trapping his cock in between my butt cheeks. The material of my thong was all that was between George and me. I then gave him a lap dance he will never forget. Having applied ample lube inside and around my butt hole, George had plenty of lube to mix with the pre-cum on his cock head. I rolled and rocked my hips as best I could. Feeling the warmth of his cock was causing me to want more. But I held off until after I make him almost cum. I did not want George to waste his cum but empty his load in my hot hungry slutty mouth.
Within a few short minutes, George was ready to blow his load. He had start to sweat and told me he was going to cum. I quickly leaped up and kneeled in front of him between his legs and opened my mouth and swallowed his 6" cock. He blasted off like a rocket. Shooting 5 squirts of warm cum down my throat. I waited for him to stop coming before I pulled him out of my throat to finish swallowing his load. I pilled my mouth off his spent dick and licked him clean of his cum. I then leaned back on my heels and opened my mouth wide to display I had eaten all his cum. George looked like a man who had just been beaten down by an anal slut, me.
I stood up and straight my outfit and wiped my mouth. I then surprised George, "Get you funky punk ass out of my house! Now you piece of shit! Get the fuck up!" I screamed at George loudly, he could not move fast enough. His eyes were wide open. His dick had shrunk to nothing.
Then I said, "Don't come back until I call for you too, do you understand?"
Without saying a word, George nodded his head and headed for the door holding his pants together. I stood with the door open to allow him to leave.
Then I said in a very sweet and sexy voice, "Thank you for the snack lover." As soon as George had both feet outside my door, I slammed the door shut and locked it. Then turned off the porch light.