'O-oh-oh..me-my god!' Mara screamed as her third orgasm hit her.
She was squeezing her own tits while she was riding Megans strap-on dildo. Her fiery red painted nails still matched her toenails and the red lipstick accentuating her lips. Her legs were feeling weak in this squatting position as she felt the big dildo slide in and out of her. Megan was lying on the floor watching her bounce her big round ass on her fat plastic cock.
Mara had never been one for orgasms before Megan had caught her masturbating that first night. It was sad to say, but sex with James usually did not do the trick for her. She could have never imagined having three of them in such short time!
As her orgasm passed she could still feel the hot sensation on her ass cheeks where Megans hand had come down. Megan loved to watch and slap her big round ass. She slowly started moving up and down again.
She was still horny?! What had has happened to her? She looked at the window. The curtains were closed this time. The fact their neighbors on the opposite side of the street had caught a glimpse of her getting fucked from behind had taken her sexual state to a whole new level.
Megan pulled her back by her long brown hair. Hair that would almost reached her butt cheeks. The sudden pull made Mara lose her footing and she fell back. A big moan escaped her lips as the dildo got slammed all the way inside her soaked pussy.
The size of it was really stretching her. Ever since this thing between her and Megan had started, Megan had replaced her strap on dildo by a larger one several times. She loved to see how easily Maras pussy kept adjusting to the new sizes.
'Look at you! Still haven't had enough now, have you? You big slut. If only I could show the whole world what a slut you really are.'
Her fingers were playing with the little stretch of pubic hair that rested above Maras pussy. Fuck! It always aroused Mara when she did that. It reminded her of the power and control Megan had over her. She made sure every day to keep her skin down the waist completely hair free for her except for that little landing strip. Just how Megan wanted it. She could feel her pussy clenching on the dildo thinking about it.
She pushed Mara of and took off the strap on dildo. She pushed Maras head down as her fingers slid inside her pussy.
'Fuck! I think i have ruined your pussy! Look how easily my fingers can slide in!'
She wasn't wrong. Mara felt how more and more fingers were able to push their way inside. Stretching her pussy in the same way the dildo had done. Megan started to slide her fingers in and out.
'I think i can fit my whole fist in there!'
Every time Mara felt her pussy taking more and more in. Mara was literally grunting now.
'But, no time. The boys will be home from their tennis soon enough. You better make me cum fast this time. We don't want them to see what we are up to every Monday. Actually maybe you do!'
She got up and walked out of the room completely naked. Leaving Mara heavily breathing in the floor, a total mess. What was she up to?
Mara could feel the knot in her stomach again. The same feeling she had felt when she was about to be exposed in front of the window. That feeling had quickly been replaced with sexual pleasure and desire when she was actually discovered. Being caught by strangers however, is something completely else than the roommates you see every day.
She started panicking, but followed Megan to the shared hallway. She found Megan laying on the floor, her feet towards the front door of their house! Her knees where pushed up her chest.
'Better get your ass over here and start licking. The boys can be home any minute now!' She had that evil smirk on her face again.
Mara quickly dropped on her knees to taste her pussy. She was very aware of the fact that anyone that would enter the house at this time would be staring straight to her naked body.
She started imagining what a sight it would be for then. Her thick ass high up in the air. Her pussy was a swollen mess because of the intense fucking she had just received.
The thought of the embarrassment of it all made the blood flush to her face. She had to finish off Megan quickly. At the same time she felt the lump in her stomach flow away like it had before and her pussy was screaming again for attention.
'If only they could see what a big slut you have become. I'm sure they would be happy to make good use of that mouth of yours.' Megan said.
Mara increased the pace of her tongue as to show Megan she would like that. She could feel the words had the same effect on Megan as they had on herself, her pussy was flowing with juices now. She was right though, she was a big slut. Although it had been a couple of minutes since her last orgasm, the desire to get her pussy stretched out again by that dildo grew with the second.
'Maybe I could even borrow them your pussy.' Megan was thinking out loud. 'Wouldn't it be nice if they would find us? I'm sure it wouldn't take long for John to slide his cock inside your pussy. That horny bastard.'
Mara was imagining it with her. Imagining how Megan would watch while her mouth and pussy would be used by their roommates John and Paul. How she would be the free to use house slut for the three of them. Fuck she was turned on by this.
'Imagine them using that pussy of yours whenever they want!'
She felt the tension in Megans body building up until it exploded into an leg shaking orgasm that held on for quite a while.
'That was... amazing. Did I detect some part in you wished it would come true?'
Mara nodded slowly. Her face turned red again. Why couldn't she lie to her?
'Holy shit! You are a little freak aren't you?'
'Not more than you!'
They looked in each-other's eyes in silence. There was a sense of understanding, a connection. At that moment they heard a key being forced in the lock of the front door and they quickly sped to their own rooms. Just in time before the door swung open.
-3 weeks later-
Not much had changed after that night and the incident with the window. Mara was still aroused throughout her days and frustrated that her pussy wouldn't get any release until Mondays. Only the fantasies that clouded her thought, included now more and more moments where she would be exposed as the slut that she is.
It stayed in her fantasies. Although Megan liked to tease her with her words, or sometimes left the curtains open with Mara being naked. There was never any real danger of being exposed. The thrill and thought of it, however, did not fail to shoot Maras state of arousal over the moon every time something like that happened.
That changed this Saturday morning as Mara had gotten a text from Megan.
-Wear a thong with a T-shirt and make me pancakes for breakfast-
It was 9oclock in the morning and Mara had actually planned to sleep in today since her boyfriend is away this weekend for work so she didn't have to travel.
She read the text multiple times before the meaning of the words written got through to her. Shit! Was she serious?
She got out of bed. Did she just got excited? What is wrong with her. She walked to her door and opened to see who was up. She could hear John and Paul play videogames together in the living room. She had to go past them to reach the kitchen. They would definitively get a good look of her ass cheeks. Fuck!
She took a couple of deep breaths. There it was again, the feeling of her stomach being in a big knot. Was she really going to do this?
She went to her dresser to take out the only thong she owned together with a simple black T-shirt and a bra. She could feel her heart racing while she got dressed. She checked herself in the mirror.
She was greeted with the thong disappearing between her round ass cheeks. The tan lines were clearly standing out on either side. It did not cover much more than her pussy and ass-crack. Was she really going to do this?
-Hurry up slut.-
Another text from Megan. With a last deep breath she opened the door and stormed out her room. Before entering the living room she slowed down her pace. If she was going to pull this off she had to act as casual about it as possible. To not draw all the attention to her.
She walked into the living room with a good morning. John and Paul were too much into the game to pay her any attention. Megan however was looking at her with that evil smirk.
She was relieved and continued her walk. She had to pass the television on which John and Paul were playing. They must have seen her ass as she swayed past.
She could feel her face getting hot while she tried to see their faces from the corner of her eyes. They were definitely not looking to her face. It was clear their eyes followed her on waist level. Suddenly the game was not so important anymore.
She kept her act up, but from the inside the feeling in her stomach had reached a new level. She almost had goosebumps on her skin.
Her face was completely flustered when she reached their open kitchen.
'Goooood morning.' Megan said forcefully cheerful. 'Are you going to make pancakes?' She asked.
'Y-yes... I thought it would be nice.'
She kept her back turned to Megan and also the couch. She was not ready to meet their faces just yet. Her heart was almost pounding out her chest.
It took some time before she did hear the sounds of the game changing again. They must have paused to have a good eye-full of her bare ass.
She was still breathing heavily while she started to prepare their breakfast.
'John, Paul.. Mara is making pancakes. Do you guys want some as well?' Megan shouted.
'Ehh...sure' John replied and eagerly got up. Normally they wouldn't have come to the dining table a minute to soon before the meal was done Mara thought.
John immediately took a seat facing Mara. She was still making the mix as Paul opened the fridge next to her to get some juice from the lower shelf. For a moment his face was literally a few inches away from her bare ass cheek. Goosebumps again. Her face felt like it was on fire.
She acted like she was really busy making them their breakfast. Thankfully the three of them got into a conversation while she worked. The times that she looked their way she could catch them still staring at her ass from time to time.
Slowly the feeling in her stomach flooded away and she felt her heartrate going down. She started to get turned on! The times she wasn't looking at them she imagined how they were staring at her. How they struggle to hide the boners in their sweatpants.
She could feel the hotness between her legs. she was getting wet. Omg, this was hot!
It took a while for her to prepare the pancakes in the pan. As she was baking pancake for pancake, her arousal got huge and bigger. She started to get more comfortable them seeing her like this. She started to get confident.
She switched the weight of her body between her legs at times, swaying her ass from side to side. God if only they could fuck her right there and then.
For the last pancake she bent forward pushing her ass out a little for as long as it needed to cook. Act casual she told herself when she turned to serve them.
Their eyes quickly shout up to meet hers as she walked towards the table.
'Looks yummy! Thanks Mara!' Megan said when Mara reached next to her chair. Mara bent over the table to put down the plate with pancakes.
'Enjoy!' she announced and took a seat herself.
She joined their conversation where they had left it off and they started eating. For a moment, everything went back to normal. The discussed about how annoying their landlord was. They kept talking a while after they had finished their breakfast. With all of them being so busy lately there weren't many times all four of them were together. Therefore they decided they should plan a beach trip together since the weather had been incredible the last week.
While they were picking a date, Mara could feel Megans hand reaching for her pussy under the table. She just left it there and continued the conversation, ignoring the stares she got from Mara.
Mara closed her legs and pressed herself against her hand. Her whole body screaming again for another release. In her head she wished Megan would start rubbing her pussy. She did not care anymore who was there with them. Unfortunately Megan did not have the same idea and kept ignoring her. Which made Mara even want it more.
It was time they all went one with the day on their own. John and Paul decided to play some more videogames. When they had left the table Megan leaned towards Mara and whispered in her ear.
'Oh my fucking god. That was so hot! I had no idea you would actually go through with it. And with a thong like that. You looked amazing out there.'
The fingers finally started rubbing her pussy.
'And the guys... it was obvious they were enjoying the view if you know what i mean.'
She pointed one of her fingers up in an erect state.
Mara closed her eyes. She could feel her orgasm building up. Was she going to cum just there with all of them in the same room?
'Ok, time to get going. We have some bikini shopping to do for our beach trip.
And with that Mara felt the fingers slide of her pussy. Her whole body went through a wave of disappointment. She had been so close to cumming. a couple of seconds and she would have exploded there.
'Let's keep you on the edge for now.'
With one last smirk she got up and left Mara there with her sexual frustration. Mara thoughts went back to James and Paul using her as their house slut. She saw herself taking turns on their laps, riding their hard fat cocks while they were playing their videogames. Fucking hell, Megan had really planted a new seed in her brain.
She was going to walk by their couch very slowly.