One night a couple of months ago my dog woke me up barking outside. I rolled over, looked at the clock and it was 1:30am on a Tuesday. What the hell was my dog doing outside at that time of night? I got out of bed and wandered downstairs and opened up the door to tell him to shut the hell up when he sidled up beside me from inside the house. So, if my dog was inside, whose dog was barking in the backyard?
I looked out my window and I could see movement in the neighbor's hot tub next door. Although there wasn't a light on, there was a patio light on at the house next to them and they were perfectly backlit. I rubbed my eyes to see if they were deceiving me but if I didn't know better, it looked like one of the neighbor girls with someone in their hot tub and from the looks of it, they weren't just enjoying the jets.
The neighbors next door frequently traveled and left their young adult kids at home. The oldest, Meghan, is a hot 20-year-old brunette with a great looking body. Her breasts are probably 34B size but they pair nicely with her nice firm ass. Meghan is a sophomore in college and has been sporadically dating Jeff, a blond stud with the looks and ripped physique of a surfer. Then there is her younger sister Allie. She is a 18-year-old high school version of her older sister. I had fantasized about all of them.
I knew their parents were out of the country this night so I decided to get a closer peak to see who was partying in their tub. I stayed in the shadows and snuck closer and could see clearly it was Meghan and Jeff. She was bent over grabbing the edge of the hot tub while Jeff slid his cock in and out of her from behind. In fact, he was like a battering ram slamming her repeatedly as she moaned in ecstasy every time he thrust into her. As he pulled out, I could see several inches of his dick emerge before he buried it again inside of her so I knew that lad must be well hung.
"Oh yeah, fuck me harder Jeff," Meghan gasped as he repeatedly drilled his swollen cock in and out of her pussy. Jeff picked up his pace and I could hear both of their breathing get faster and heavier.
I was wearing sleep shorts and in no time was sporting a hard-on of my own. I squeezed and rubbed my own swollen dick as I watched, mesmerized by the erotic scene unfolding right in front of me. I could feel my own cum boil in my balls as he slammed into her, her breasts rocking back in forth with each thrust.
I was now stroking the full length of my penis in unison, sure my own fast breathing would alert them to the voyeur watching them from behind a nearby bush. Suddenly Jeff blurted out, "I think I'm about to cum!" and he pulled his cock out of her. Meghan immediately turned around and sunk down into the water until his prick was right in front of her face. She grasped it with her fist and fed half of his tool into her mouth and began to furiously suck on him. Soon he had his hands on either side of her head and was fucking her mouth. This girl had skills as she expertly took the length of his manhood deep in her throat. As he neared orgasm, he pulled out of her mouth and took aim at her face as he pumped his cock.
"Fuck yeah babe, make me take it!" gasped Meghan as she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue in anticipation of his onslaught. This was too much as I jacked my own hard cock.
"Here you go Meghan!" Jeff growled as pumped his big dick in front of her face. Suddenly he arched is back and let go and fired a rope of cum onto her face. At the same time, I began spilling my own load into my neighbor's garden. He fired shot after shot into her hair, onto her face and even over her head. She tried to catch some of his cum on her tongue but for the most part, it splashed onto her face and slid down toward the water.
As he finished jerking his cum all over her, she scooped some of the drool off her face and stuck her fingers in her mouth. Suddenly her body began convulsing with her own violent orgasm so I knew she must have had her other hand buried in her pussy beneath the water. As all our orgasms subsided, I tucked my softening dick back into my shorts and slunk further into the shadows and back to my own house.