This story continues my sexy blonde spouse's sibling and interracial sexual saga. As it opens, we are returning to Mobile after spending a very libidinous Christmas week in Baton Rouge where she had sex with her handicapped brother in my presence for the first of many times to come. Woven into it is another episode in her continuing (and ultimately preferred) sexual adventures with black men.
As we headed east toward Mobile on the day following Christmas, Blondie was curled up against the passenger door dozing, exhausted from the cumulative effects of almost a week of incredibly excessive sexual activity on her middle-aged body. Undeniably, she'd had sex with her older, oversexed, brother multiple times daily since the previous Friday evening when we'd arrived in Baton Rouge.
Their last time had ended just three hours earlier, after he'd come to our hotel, randy as ever, eager to give his beautiful sexpot sister a memorable going-away present, one that had lasted almost an hour. As usual, he'd remained hard after coming in her the first time, so despite my desire to get started home, she'd let him continue until she brought him to a second but much weaker climax following another half hour of intense incestual intercourse.
She'd sent him away Christmas night after a single but lengthy bout of copulation, telling him he'd have to sleep in his own apartment. She was too worn down to accommodate him again for another overnight stay, knowing he would almost certainly want more sex during the night and again early in the morning, his usual oversexed agenda. She'd not had a good night's sleep since we'd arrived, so after giving him a nice long ride, she'd sent him home with the promise of more sex in the morning before we left town.
He'd arrived while we were still in bed, causing Blondie to groan as she rose and padded into the bathroom to pee. As I let him in the room, she called out for him to get undressed and into bed, she'd join him momentarily. When she emerged, she'd brushed her hair and teeth, applied a generous coat of high-gloss, red lipstick and slipped on a pair of high-heels which she knew he liked her to wear when they fucked. She slid back into bed and without a single word of greeting they began kissing heatedly, their passion of the previous night immediately reignited. Within minutes he was between her legs, inside her body and pounding away in his inimitable fashion.
I'd ordered a pot of coffee from room service then sat back and watched their smoking-hot sibling sex show a final time. I'd watched them fuck so many times the past week that it had lost some of its edge for me—but not for them—they fuckedeverytime like it was their first. Perhaps it was true that incest is best—their frenzied lovemaking would certainly make it appear so.
Watching them go at it so passionately, I had considered what Blondie had previously told me that she believed her brother's hypersexuality was due to the drugs he takes for the brain damage growing out of his almost fatal encounter with childhood meningitis. Unquestionably, Bert had a supercharged libido and could sexually outperform any man I'd ever watched her with, but I also wondered if some of his sexual drive might not be genetic, Cajun, hot-bloodedness, since his sister had similarly long possessed it.
Now as we passed through St. Tammany Parish, north of Lake Ponchartrain, my exhausted mate sat up, stretching languidly and sighed, "Wow, I just zoned out—how long was I asleep?" When I informed her about an hour, she chuckled, "God, I'm gonna sleepallweekend, not even get outta bed."
Taking a sip of bottled water she threw me a sidelong glance, asking nonchalantly,
"Know what Bertie asked me while we were fuckin'?" When I shook my head she continued, "When he could come see me—notif,butwhen—cocky bastard."
Gazing south toward the huge lake, she mused, "He thinks just 'cause I like fuckin' him so much that he's got me back under his control again like he used to, an' I'll do anything he wants."
"And does he? What did you tell him about coming to visit?" I replied.
"No, he doesnot!Look,sureI like fuckin' him—that's obvious—but it's not like it used to be. I can get all the good sex I want nowadays. He's not the only big cock available to me like he used to be."
With a leering wink she purred, "As you well know, cher, I have several others available with a phone call."
"Even so, after seein' the way we fucked this week, you haftaknowI'm gonna invite Bertie to come see me occasionally,okay?"
"You're notgoin'to have a problemareyou, cher?" she hesitantly asked.
She sat there eyeing me inscrutably several seconds before leaning across the console and placing her hand in my crotch. She began squeezing gently, inquiring coquettishly,
"What I'mrealinterested in knowin' is that if weareplannin' to let this littleaffaire defamillecontinue, if you'd be okay with him comin' over to stay with me sometimes when you're outta town on business, sugar?"
She murmured mischievously, "Letfrère et soeur(brother and sister) playmari et femme(husband and wife) while hubby's away, hmm?"
Feeling the stiffening in my slacks, she leaned further over, crooning breathily in my ear,
"Feels likesomebodykinda likes the idea of doin' somethin' kinky like that."
"Look, I know you like listenin' on the phone when you're outta town an' I've got some guy in bed, so think how excitin' it'd be to listen in while I fuck my brother...hearin' everything we're doin', sweetie...talkin' to you while we're fuckin?"
"Je parie que tu aimerais ça, n'est-ce pas?(I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you) cher?"
She gave my dick a playful squeeze, "I know for sure your brother-in-law would absolutelylovethat—talkin' to you on the phone while he's fuckin'yourwife inyourbed."
"He'd totally get off on somethin' like that,je te promets chérie(Ipromiseyou, honey) 'cause he's fiercely jealous of you. You married me an' took me away from him, an' you've been successful, makin' good money an' travelin', havin' a much better life than he does."
"The only way he outdoes you, cher, is in bed—has a bigger cock an' is amuchhotter fuck as even you will probably concede." I nodded affirmation of that and she continued,
"It's the only way he can compete with you, makin'yourwife wanthiscock more than yours an' makin' sure youknowit. He wants to rub your nose in it—he kept askin' me all this past week if his cock felt better an' if I wanted him more than you—an'of courseI told him yes."
Kneading my now fully-hard cock, she teased, "It sure was excitin' when Bertie an' I played house out in Texas an' kept it a secret from you, so imagine how sexy would it be for all three of us if youknowwe're doin' it...listenin' in an' talkin' to uswhilewe're doin' it."
The practiced little prickteaser, couldn't help taunting, "Think about me layin' there in our bed talkin' to you while Bertie's got that big ol' fat cock pumpin' in an' outta me, layin' that pipe, as he calls it, an' he's makin' me tell you over an' over how good his dick feels an' how much I want it."
She giggled, "It's a cuckold's wet-dream, honey."
Now she taunted, "Admets-le, tu l'aimerais(Admit it, you'll love it), thecocu(cuck) in you will absolutely love it, sweetie pie an' youknowfuckin'-a-well you will."
I replied, " You're right, of course, especially about your brother. He bragged to me this week about how you'd come home from our dates and fuck him. Said it wasyouwho invited him to your room as soon as I dropped you off. Told me you'd give him a quickie even if you were tired, butmostof the time you'd keep fucking him until he'd come twice, to give yourself more time to come."
Turning to look into her eyes, I said, "Which, he said, you frequentlydid. That's a bit different scenario than whatyoupreviously confessed to me."
She stopped the cock massage and sat there staring ahead a long silent moment, finally sighing,
"Okay, guess Ididmake it sound like it wasallhis doin' didn't I?" She paused, then, "An' itwasn't."
When I stayed silent, she continued, "I told you I was under his control an' it'strue, Iwas, but like I've already admitted, I enjoyed fuckin'him, too."
With a chagrined expression, "An' I'd be lyin' if I said I didn't want it. Iwashis little whore, givin' him pussy any time he asked, every day usually, an' sometimes even more 'n that. An' yeah, when you brought me home, I was usually still horny so I'd go to his room an' invite him to mine."
Sliding back to her side of the seat, she leaned back against the door, looked at me a long moment, then confessed, "Remember I told you I fucked him the week before our wedding..."
I nodded and she continued, "What I didn't tell you was that I fucked him thenightbefore our wedding—in fact, thedayofour wedding 'cause you brought me home after midnight and he was waitin' as usual, with a big ol' sexy grin and a huge hardon which he kept buried in your sweet little bride for more than a coupla very,veryexcitin' hours."
"He fucked me with more passion than he'd never shown before, tellin' me the whole time that I would always behis, not yours."
She was quiet for a moment, then sighed, "It was the first time he told me he loves me...loves me romantically, not as his sister."
Keeping my eyes fixed on the highway ahead, I asked, "And how did you respond to that?"
After another lengthy silence, she whispered, "Told him I loved him, too, the same way, and even though I loved you an' was marryin' you, I'd always love him...but we were gonna have to stop havin' sex."
"And did you?" I asked and when she looked puzzled, I said, "Stop...?"
With a look of guilty resignation, she sighed, "No...we didn't, cher. I wasn't totally honest with you in my recent confessions...I still fucked him occasionally after we got married."
I had to ask, "So have you been fucking him thewhole timewe've been married?"
She responded, "No, we pretty much stopped after he married Edith," which earned my query,
"Pretty much?What'sthatmean? How many times did you screw himafterhe married Edith?"
She heaved a sigh and muttered, "Hell, I don't know...a few...I didn't keep count...when we'd go back home for family get-togethers. 'Bout the only time we got a real chance for anything more than a quickie was when you'd go off with daddy for the day, you know, like huntin' or fishin' an' give us enough time to sneak off somewhere for someseriouslovin'."
Blondie's dad and I hadn't gone hunting or fishing together in three years so I asked,
"So you're telling me it had been three years until this week," and she nodded her affirmation.
"You still love him... romantically, as your lover,don'tyou?" I asked. It was obvious from their passionate lovemaking this past week, when I was sure I'd heard both of them whispering words of endearment in French while overwhelmed with lust.
Yet another long silence, then softly, "Yes, cher, I still love him...suppose Ialwayswill."
I closed the conversation with, "Okay, I can live with that—it's to be expected, as good as you are together in bed—let's move on."
And so we did, into the next chapter of this sibling incest saga, spiced up with a bit of interracial zest, a tale which renewed when I flew into Mobile on a Thursday afternoon after spending four days in the Orlando area. My lovely wife met me at our favorite downtown bar not far from the office from which she managed a portfolio of coastal condominium properties. The bar, in the entertainment district, was near a restaurant we liked for its Louisiana-style cooking. Blondie was noticeably upbeat as she surveyed the happy-hour crowd from her barstool, noting the presence of a couple of lawyers whom she'd screwed on multiple occasions.
Following her eyes, I said, "Been a while since either of those guys has been down to the house. You thinking about a party this weekend?"
Blondie's favorite parties consisted of her, her husband and one or more additional males.
"Iam, but not with them." Taking a long pull from her vodka tonic, she asked, "You have any problem with Bertie comin' over Saturday?"
I asked, "He call you?" and she smiled impishly, replying,
"Nope...matter of fact, your wife got so horny thinkin' about our Christmas trip, I calledhimlast night...it's been near two months now, you know, cher."
I chuckled, "I suppose he needed some time to consider your invitation,right?" to which she grinned,
"Yeah,right...like about two seconds...he was breathin' real heavy by the time we hung up."
She hesitated, as if deciding whether to say more, then whispered, "AfterI gave him almost an hour of hot phone sex an' helped him get his nuts off..."
Then after a brief lull, "An' got mine off, too—a coupla times."
Knowing better before I even asked the question, I inquired, "Phonesex? That's new, huh?"
With a guilty snicker, she confessed, "Not really, cher. We've done it a few times when you've been out of town."
My obvious next question was, "And how does he know when I'm not home?"
Her lovely, gold-flecked hazel eyes twinkled over the rim of her glass as she chortled,
"Wellhedoesn't, so on those days I get horny thinkin' about fuckin' him durin' the day, when I come home in the evenin' I strip down to my panties, open a bottle of wine, plug in one of my little friends (her vibrators) an give big brother a call so we can have ourselves a sexy little long-distance party, cher."
After another brief silence, she continued, "Phone sex with Bertie is much more excitin' than with other men because with that incredible memory he can remember virtually every time weeverfucked withallthe juicy details,tu sais ce que je veux dire(you know what I mean)?"
That was likely true—Bert had the unnerving ability to accurately quote, nearly verbatim, years-ago conversations he'd had with you. It probably was a positive side-effect from the neurological damage he'd suffered as a child. I could imagine how hearing long-ago dirty talk from their incestual activities whispered into her ear on the phone, nearly word for word, could have a very sexually stimulating effect on a woman with a vibrator between her legs.
She tittered, "Some of his hottest stuff is remindin' me what we used to do after you'd bring me home from a date when he was tryin' to prove he could fuck me better."
"An' he knows forsurehe can get me goin' describin' all that hot stuff we did behind your back out in Texas that summer."
She offered, "Maybe I'll call him some time when youarehome an' let you listen in to see just how good your sweet-talkin brother-in-law is at makin' your wife climax over the phone,hmm?"
Blondie lewdly whispered, "We should do it while you're fuckin me—ohhellyeah, let him talk to me about that time he fucked me on the couch while you were out in the garage, relive it while you've got your dick in me—monDieu, that'll make me come on your cock forsure, honey."
We were both quiet for a moment taking pulls from our drinks when she asked innocently,
"Are you leavin' town again Monday?" and when I nodded affirmatively, she hit me with it,
"So if he comes over Saturday, you have any problem with him stickin' around a few days while you're gone?"
Of course she wanted to fuck him without me around—after all, it wastheirspecial sibling-sex relationship that had begun before she ever met me, and while they didn't mind my watching their lovemaking, it wasmostintense when it was just the two of them. I leveled a look and said,
"What difference would it make if Ididhave a problem with it? You'd just do it anyway andnotshare with me."
That brought a smirked, "You're prolly right—I'm really horny for him an' I definitely want to keep him around a while."
Smiling, she winked, "You've seen how good we are together an' I hate to tell you this, cher, but, except for that one night that we invited Charles over a coupla weeks ago, I haven't been screwed that good since we were in Baton Rouge at Christmas."
"So I'm gonna keep my sexy brother around a few days an' you're just gonna have to live with it, sugar. But I promise I'll send his ass packin' to Louisiana before you get home,okay?"
She asked, "When are you comin' home next week: Thursday?" And when I replied it would be Friday, she broke into a merry smile, purring with satisfaction, "Oh parfait—c'est encore mieux(Oh perfect—that's even better)."
Which meant my gorgeous blonde thirty-something wife and her handicapped older brother would have an additional night to fuck like rabbits—almost an entire week. There was no good response to that other than groveling and while I was a willing cuckold I wasn'ttotallypussy-whipped. In fact, in almost all aspects of our lives other than sex, Blondie tended to defer to my judgment and follow my decisions.
But it had in fact been my discovery of Bert's journal chronicling their youthful sibling affair that had brought about the renewal of their sexual relationship seven weeks earlier, so I could blame no one but myself if things got a bit out of hand. In stirring those long-dormant coals of incestual lust, I'd underestimated the intensity of their sexual feelings. From the outset Blondie had made it abundantly clear that she preferred her brother's bigger cock and more vigorous lovemaking to mine, her older, cuckold/voyeur husband. Now she'd just made it crystal clear she wanted him taking my place in our bed whenever the opportunity arose.
She broke the silence with an unexpected question, "You remember me charterin' that cabin cruiser down at that Dog River marina last October to take that couple from Chicago across the bay on a tour of some of my properties over on the Eastern Shore?"
Blondie managed a portfolio of waterfront condominium properties along the bay as well as down on the gulf. I suddenly remembered why Ishouldremember that charter. When I had called home that evening from wherever I'd been, she'd been all hot and bothered about the charter captain, a good-looking young black guy who had eyeballed her all day, and although she was entertaining clients, she'd still managed to let him know she, too, was interested, with her own surreptitious looks.
Debarking at the end of the cruise, she'd given him a large tip, making sure to get his business card, telling him that she definitely wanted to charter his boat again. Yet somehow, even though Blondie has a well-honed fondness for fucking black men, here several months later, we'd not yet gotten around to following up with this fellow.
As I replied to her question, "Yeah, the nice-looking young black guy who got you all turned on," she handed me the business card and said,
"Give him a call tomorrow—see if he's available Saturday. Cruisin' charters oughtta be awful slow this time a' year, don't you think? "
Looking at her questioningly, I inquired, "And what is this all about?"
She smiled, "The weather's been so warm I was thinkin' it might be a kick to take Bertie out on the bay an' screw him on that sexy boat an' if I could get a piece of black strange at the same time it would be well worth the expense,n'est-ce pas(would it not) sugar?"
"Boy, you reallyarehorny,aren'tyou, hotpants?" I said as I looked at the card for theNautiBuoy, a thirty-three foot cabin cruiser:Delmar Ducote, Captain, Bay, Gulf and Inland Waterway Pleasure Cruises. It was berthed at a marina on the Dog River, a short distance down Dauphin Island highway from our home.
I ordered more drinks as Blondie finished hers, murmuring, "An' I do believe heisa naughty boy the way he was flirtin' with me all afternoon behind that couple's back. If you get him on the phone, you remind him of the blonde business lady an' the couple he took across the bay back in October." She winked,
"Way that boy was checkin' out your wife all day, I betcha he's gonna remember me just fine."
When I just grinned, she said, "Tell him I was very,veryimpressed with bothhiman' his boat an wanted to go out with him again for a purelypleasurecruise, but haven't had a chance 'til now."
"My clients were impressed, too, an' when they complimented him on his boat he told us he bought it with the proceeds from an' insurance settlement—he was a cook on an offshore drillin' platform an' was one of the survivors of that helicopter crash out in the gulf a coupla years back. He still cooks offshore but runs charters when he's off shift.
"That boat has a gorgeous cabin, all done in teak, with beige vinyl an' deep brown suede, very rich lookin' an' very sexy—a nice place for foolin' around, not like your usual fishin' boats. He won't do fishin' charters—said he hates the smell an' the mess—so just pleasure cruises."
She smiled wickedly, "If he's not offshore workin' an' you get ahold of 'im, tell him your wife thinks theNauti Boylooks like a very sexyplaypen, okay?"
I called early Friday morning and Captain Del sounded a bit hungover but perked up smartly when I told him I was calling on behalf of my wife, the beautiful blonde realtor who'd chartered his boat three or four months ago, and he perked up even more when I dropped her"very sexy playpen"line on him. Del assured me he remembered my wife quite well, both that she had been a veryfine lookingladyand that she had been a very generous tipper.
I told him she was looking for a relaxed, sexy cruise around the bay and anchoring up for a while in some private spot for a little party. I asked him if drinking, smoking a little weed, nudity and maybe even some sexual activity in hisplaypenwere a problem. He cheerily assured me they wereabsolutelynot, that he was averylaid back captain, running apleasureboat.
The mention of sexual activity further intrigued him when I said there would be another man accompanying my wife and me. It was suddenly all,"You bet"this and"Sure nuf"that, with effusive assurances that he was entirely at our disposal and at a discounted off-season rate.
When I called Blondie with the news, she chuckled, "Iknewhe'd remember me..." then paused before saying, "I called Bertie an' he'll be here by ten tomorrow mornin'. He wanted to come on over tonight,,," she paused, then whispered,
"An' I really am horny for him, but we wouldn't getanysleep tonight an' I just think it would be so cool to fuck him first out on the water in thatoh-so-sexyboat, don't you?"
While that conjured up some very interesting images in my mind, all I could think of to say was, "Hey, babe, this isyourshow and you're running it so we're going to play ityourway."
That evening when she got home, I greeted her with a Crown and water and the good news that the warm weather was going to hold for the weekend—the marine forecast was for mild seas and temperatures in the low eighties, not quite a record but almost. Her reaction was a pleased,
"Yeah, I checked the weather, too, to see if I could wear a bikini an' catch a few rays."
She grinned as she stripped off her business attire, "An' give that bad-boy boat captain even more to look at than the last time."
We ate early so we could get to bed timely and while we were eating I casually asked Blondie if she weren't at least somewhat concerned about how her brother might react to her screwing a black guy, boat captain or no, if indeed thatverylikely event came to pass. I'd never seen a man turn Blondie down when she offered it and there was no question she was going to offer it: that was the whole purpose of charteringhisboat. Bert, however, was...after all...a full-fledged member in good standing of a fairly racist Cajun clan, and just might take offense at his sister putting out for a black man. She just scoffed,
"If big brother wants any pussy himself, an' we both know the answer to that, he better damn well keep his big mouth shut. Besides, I've been thinkin' about it an' I believe Bertie's such a pervert he'll be turned on watchin' his little sister fuck a black guy, you know, cher?"
She grinned, "He used to love watchin' me fuck his buddies..."
Noting that plural...buddies...I remembered that she'd previously admitted to only one. Clearly she still hadn't told me the entire truth yet about their early adventures.
Before retiring, I got out our tonsuring tools and while Blondie reclined on the bed, gave her hairy bush a neatening trim, although at her instruction I didn't removetoomuch of her prolific pubic hair. She said she'd read that the French style of allowing a fringe of pubic hair to show around the edges of a bikini was a huge turn-on for most men. When I reminded her that Bertie stayed in a perpetual state of "turn-on" she informed me with a crafty smile,
"Bertie's not who I'm thinkin' about, sugar—it's that hunky black captain. You know, he may be a little bashful with you an' Bertie there, so mama's gonna give him some visual persuasion."
"An' I've been thinkin' about Bertie an' the race thing an' I just don't think it's gonna be a problem. You gotta remember that with Bertie, it's gonna be all about fuckin' me as often he can until I finally tell 'im to get in his car an' get the hell outta here,n'est-ce pas(right)?"
Shewasright of course; when he was around his beautiful blonde sister, Bert let his little head doallof his thinking. I put the issue out of mind.
Saturday morning, I rose early, made up a big basket of club sandwiches with lots of chips and assorted snacks, iced down a cooler of beer and along with a half case of Blondie's favorite Beaujolais, loaded the day's provisions in the trunk of the convertible. By the time Bert arrived, surprisingly on time, my wife had made herself ravishing in her favorite pink and purple flowered white mini-sundress, one that barely came to mid-thigh, showcasing those great legs, with matching pink and straw wedge sandals.
With her blonde mane pinned up off her neck, highlighting a white puka shell necklace and matching dangly earrings, and a generous application of frosted pink lipstick, she was a head-turning knockout. Bert was almost salivating as soon as he entered the house, unable to keep himself from pulling her to him for a long tongue-swapping kiss while pulling up the short dress and cupping her creamy ass, her cheeks essentially bare in the itsy-bitsy bikini underneath.
My little Cajun wife was just as horny as her bayou-bred brother and their lustful kissing continued for several minutes with her massaging the outline of his swollen cock through his khaki cargo shorts. She finally broke off the kiss with a loud gasp,
"Mon Dieu,grand frère,je veux tellement ta grosse bite(My God, big brother, I want your big cock so bad) but we have a boat to catch so you're just gonna have to keep it in your pants for a while,d'accordchérie(okay sweetheart)?"
I could have watched them make out for another hour. As stated many times previously in these tales of my sexy wife's adventures, I loved watching her give that succulent mouth to other men. This being her brother with whom she was hungrily swapping tongues made the kissing even hotter, evenmoreso by hearing her openly telling him how badly she wanted to fuck him.
A short time later, our captain for the day had a similar reaction to Bert's when we approached theNautiBuoy'sslip...me pushing the marina's utility cart down the dock with Blondie out front, leading in that short dress with those gorgeous legs on display in those sexy high-heeled sandals, and Bertie shuffling along behind. Poor Delmar's head seemed to be on a swivel as he loaded our provisions and prepared for our departure while seemingly unable to keep his eyes off my bewitching wife.
As he assisted her aboard, she gave him a warm hug and effusive greeting like they were old friends. When they pulled apart, I was not at all surprised to see a slight swelling in his khaki cargo shorts. This little sexual excursion was beginning precisely according to plan, I reflected.
With the boat idling from the marina, heading toward the bay, Blondie followed me down the broad steps of the teak ladder to the cabin. She hadn't exaggerated in her description: it was spanking clean and lushly appointed in oiled teak, overstuffed creamy vinyl seating, dark brown suede fabric and gleaming stainless steel. In the open bow section was a large, very comfortable looking V-berth with a thick mattress covered by a striking African-motif, black, brown, beige and orange cover and several chartreuse decorative pillows.
Blondie smirked, "See what I mean about a playpen?" She gloated, "Specially for one very horny girl an' three horny men, hmm?"
Flicking her eyes upward, she said, "I was right abouthim, too,wasn'tI, cher?"
Indeed she was: Del was a lean, muscular, six-foot-plus, medium light-skinned black man of a pigment shade seen frequently around New Orleans, with its myriad racial variations, which we would soon learn, was where he was raised. Under a long-billed, khaki fisherman's cap, he sported wavy black, processed hair and a thin mustache which lent him a bit of a roguish,youngChuck Berry resemblance that just added to his bad-boy sexual allure for my naughty little Southern belle.
Blondie glanced out a porthole and seeing that we were nearing the entrance to the bay turned her back to me saying, "Unzip me, sweetie—time to give my crew a little peek."
"Sooner the better," I replied, looking up to the cabin door, "But I think it might be sexier to drop the dress out there with your crew watching."
She grinned, "A little striptease,hmm?Idobelieve you're right—help me back up the steps. I know these heels are impractical but I wanna keep 'em on for thatbeach bimboeffect, okay?"
Emerging from belowdecks onto the bridge, Blondie flashed her"crew"a dazzling smile and looking back over her shoulder instructed me, "Unzip me now, sweetie."
I did and she proceeded to make the removal of her sundress a slow, provocative striptease, a feat at which she had become rather adept through her many years of seducing strangers. Her hot pink, almost-micro bikini was devilishly small and the shiny synthetic material scandalously thin, concealing very little when dry and virtually nothing when wet. As I squeezed past her, I could see her nipples clearly through the taut pink triangles covering the aureoles of her conical, slightly pendulous breasts, leaving the sides and bottoms enticingly exposed. Her nipples were hard and prominent, carnal evidence of her arousal at disrobing in front of this attractive black man and her brother.
I also noted, just as she'd planned, the quarter-inch of dark, furry fringe outlining the small triangle of material covering her vulva, with a good half-inch of dark brown curly hair escaping from the top, starkly evident against her creamy-pale lower belly.
She was right—itwasa huge turn-on—Captain Del's dark eyes demonstrably widened behind his shades. When he glanced toward me, I winked and smiled, causing him to give me a double thumbs-up. Apparently he found a dark bush on a bleached blonde as decadently alluring as I always have.
In the port side of the cockpit, left of the captain's chair, was a wide, six-foot long, padded, sunbathing bench where a passenger could recline facing the stern and Blondie chose to repose there, much to Del's delight. Because it was February, he had the marine blue canvas top over the cockpit and the clear plastic side-curtains up so that she was sheltered from the wind. He threw me a delighted glance over his shoulder and when I responded with a palms-uphelp yourselfgesture at my little bayou babe's reclining figure, he grinned toothily, flashing me another thumbs-up, acknowledging my gift of my beautiful wife to him.
Blondie sealed that offer by pushing her over-sized sunglasses up into her blonde tresses and with a heavy-lidded, seductive wink, puckered those full, lush, frosted pink lips into a sexy pout and blew him an air kiss, a couldn't-be-clearer promise of the depraved delights awaiting him. By this time in our hot wife/cuckold relationship, I'd seen Blondie do this countless times to men in bars, nightclubs and parties, that she'd decided to bed, andneverhad it failed to make them putty in her hands. Nor would it here on Mobile Bay on this beautiful Saturday afternoon either.
Clearing the channel, our gleefully grinning driver goosed the boat up onto a plane, heading out into the open water at full throttle, quickly getting us well away from shore before backing it down to a more leisurely cruising speed. The bay waters were almost flat so it was a smooth ride and Del had his eyes on my nearly naked wife far more than the boat's course. I opened a bottle of Beaujolais for Blondie and poured her a healthy portion in a stemmed, plastic wine glass. Bert, cold beer in hand, had moved up from the fantail bench to stand looking down at his sister's nearly-naked body, a wolfish leer on his face, an obvious erection in his cargo shorts.
I grabbed two beers from the cooler and handed one to Del, leaning in to speak into his ear.
"My wife says that you and that African bed cover down there are causing her jungle fever to spike, giving her that itch that a white woman can only get scratched a certain way,diggievous(you dig)mon capitaine?"
He grinned, "I sorta figured that's what was goin' on here. You gimme a little time to get us to a private spot I know to anchor up and I'll scratch it for her—scratch it nice an' deep for as long as she likes,diggie vous, monsieur?"
Laughing, I said, "She sort of figured you'd like to scratch it after the way you checked her out on that first charter." Slapping him on the shoulder, I confided, "She's had the hots for you since then, but we just haven't had an opportunity to do anything about it until now."
He chuckled, "Well I'm glad she didn't forget me." Throwing a quick glance at Bert, he asked, "So who'sthatdude and what the fuck's wrong with him?"
"That's her big brother from Baton Rouge—herhandicappedbrother as you can see—the guy you're going to be sharing her with this afternoon."
That earned me the startled response I'd anticipated, punctuated by an astonished, "Huh?"
Leaning closer to his ear, I said, "Yeah, he suffered some neurological damage from a childhood disease and because of his problems, he couldn't get laid in high school so his sympathetic little sister started taking care of his problem for him and got to where she really liked it because he's hung pretty well and has a unique talent for using it."
I paused, looking at him, "So, being the good, sympathetic sister that she still is, but mainly because she just likes fucking him and I don't mind her doing it, she's still taking care of his problem for him. You have any problem with a little brother-sister action, Del?"
He shook his head, "Man, that's some weird shit, but, hey, I'm down with whatever floats that gorgeous lady's boat, dude."
Patting him on the shoulder again, I said, "Good to hear—now, do you have any problem with me firing up a joint so we can all get mellow before we get to this private spot—which is where, by the way?"
Del answered, "Naw, no problem—light up an' gimme a coupla hits if you don't mind—an' my gunkholing spot's out towards the west end of the north side of Dauphin Island, okay?"
Digging into Blondie's large straw beach bag, I extracted two joints—I'd packed several—and lit one for Blondie and Bert and another for Del and me. Five minutes later it felt as if we were skimming across these glassy smooth waters on this unseasonably warm day in some blissful dream. Del looked over his shoulder with a lazy grin on his face and gave me another thumbs up.
I bent to his ear, "That's some special weed we save for when we're fooling around—it makes most folks horny as hell,mon capitaine,and makes the fucking fantastic."
He didn't answer, staring past me at my wife, who had retrieved something of her own from her bag: a battery-operated vibrator that was a lifelike representation of a large, black penis. She smiled knowingly at Del as she turned it on and began sliding the head of it up and down the flimsy material of her bikini. Her eyes gradually closed while her brother's were wide open, appreciatively observing, as were our boat driver's.
After several minutes of self-pleasuring, Blondie's eyes flickered open and she said something to Bert that brought a huge grin to his face. Laying the vibrator aside, she stood, facing Del and me as her brother unfastened the backstrap of her bikini top. With her eyes locked on the smiling black captain's, she slid the spaghetti straps from her shoulders and the tossed the filmy top in his lap. With her erect pink nipples pointing slightly upward and outward, she hooked her long, hot pink thumbnails into the flimsy straps riding her hips and pushed the gossamer bikini bottom down to her knees fully exposing her neatly trimmed, dark bush. Sitting back on the cushioned settee, she peeled the thin material off over her high-heeled sandals then tossed it to Del as well.
Picking up the vibrator she held it out to Bert, saying something that brought a broad nodding grin to his face, before resuming her reclining posture against the cabin bulkhead but now with her left sandal on the deck and her right leg cocked on the settee leaving her brother room to sit between those lovely limbs. With a huge grin at Del and me, he took his place and laid the buzzing dildo on his sister's vulva, causing her to jerk in response then settle back against the cushioned backrest, her eyes closed, her full lips smiling.
Del took the roach and grinned, "Mutha-damn-fucka, man, your ol' lady's smokin-fuckin-hot!"
Laughing, I replied, "Just wait'll you find out how tight that pussy is, cap'n."
By the time we passed beneath the Dauphin Island Bridge, Bert was probing his sister's vagina with the lifelike black dildo and she was bucking her hips and turning her head from side to side in response. Slowing to pass beneath the eighty-foot bridge, Del's head was swiveling between my naked wife and the narrowed channel. Once clear of the bridge he goosed the diesel inboard again and devoted more time to Blondie for several minutes until he spied our destination and dropped his engines back to idle speed.
Shortly we were anchored in a small cove of white beach sand and clear, greenish-cast water. While Del and I set the anchors, my naked wife and her brother went down into the cabin. When I descended, moments later, they were in that plush forward V-berth, on that exotic African motif spread, a folded brown beach towel beneath them. They were both naked now and kissing hotly. As Del descended the steps and saw the action, he looked at me and mouthed,"Wow!"before turning to close the hatch.
I could hear the diesel idling and realized why when our captain stepped over to a control panel on the bulkhead and flipped an air conditioning system on, saying, "It's really warming up out there—we're gonna need this."
I'd earlier brought some of Blondie's wine and several beers down and stashed them in the fridge. I asked her if she wanted more wine before the action really got started. When she paused from kissing her brother long enough to say she did, I poured a glass and took it to her. She took a long sip, handed it back and said,
"Here, hold onto this—I'm not gonna need it again for a while, sweetie—I plan on bein' pretty busy mosta the afternoon,tu sais?"
"So, you're going to do Bert first?" I asked. She kissed him affectionately and answered,
"Yeah, cher, he's really horny an' needs to get off." She giggled, "I wouldn't want him wastin' that good stuff by accidentally goin' off all by himself watchin' Del an' me, youknow?"
She purred huskily, "Besides, I wanna put on a sexy show for Del—get him all nice 'n hard."
Putting her hand on my cheek, she kissed me with a bit of teasing tongue, murmuring,
"An'you, we're gonna be puttin' on a very, very sexy show foryou, of course."
As I stepped down into the main salon from the elevated forward berth I realized that sitting in the dinette booth and on the salon sofa would put the action at eye-level, as if the performers were on a stage.Excellent!Del was still perched on the ladder steps, a beer in hand, his dark brown eyes fixed like lasers on the forward berth. As I sat down in the galley booth and looked forward again, I saw why.
Blondie was kneeling on the mattress beside her naked and fully erect brother, facing a mirrored accent strip in the interior hull, applying a very thick, lustrous coat of frosted pink lipstick to those voluptuous lips, taking care to let the sensuous coating overflow an already generous lip line. She was putting on what she whimsically called her"blowjob mouth", preparing for the show. Laying the lipstick aside, she turned facing Del and blew him another of those pouty, puckered, air kisses as she began stroking her brother's hard cock. She looked at Del questioningly,
"Did my husband explain to you who this fella is?"
Del nodded, "Your brother."
Smiling a killer smile, she cooed, "Mybigbrother an' he's been fuckin' me since I turned eighteen an' he's been doin' a very good job of it—better than my husband an' all of the other white guys I've been to bed with—does it bother you that my husband lets my brother fuck me, handsome?"
When Del just shook his head and gave her a crafty smile, she continued, "Only black guys fuck me as good as he does, baby,onlyblack guys."
Bert let out a moan in response to the more vigorous handjob his little sister was administering as she explained their situation. She looked down and smiled, "Okay, baby, I'll get to it in a sec."
Then to all of us she explained, "But I've never had the chance to fuck a black guy just before or after I fucked my brother...never had an opportunity to directly compare 'em...so I've been curious 'bout that for a while an' this'll be a good time to find out,n'est-ce pas(won't it)?"
"Très certainement jolie dame(Most certainly pretty lady)," our captain responded in good Louisiana French, bringing a warm smile to Blondie's face, and relief to me that for once I needed only to be her cuckold husband, not her translator as well.
With that out of the way, Blondie bent and encased Bert's big thick dick within those luscious lips and commenced an energetic, head-bobbing blowjob, her conical breasts swaying ever so enticingly with the movement of her torso. The extra lipstick made an already incredible sight even more so—much more so—my little Southern sexpot knew what she was doing when it came to putting on a live porn show. By this point in her hotwifing life, she'd had many years of experience with countless happy partners...and audiences.
It occurred to me that Bert certainly hadn't seemed to have any problem with his sister's revelations about having sex with black men, even multiple black men as she'd clearly inferred. Once again, my spouse had read her brother and the entire situation much more intuitively than I had. I couldn't wait to see Bert's reaction to seeing a big black dick going in and out of the little sister he'd been fucking for so long. Just witnessing that would be well worth the charter fee.
Delmar moved closer to the action, whispering from behind my shoulder, "That'sreallyher brother, huh? An' they been doing this since she was a teenager?"
I murmured, "Yep, they are in fact brother and sister and you haven't seen anything yet."
Clapping me on the shoulder, he said quietly, "You know, I kinda admire her for lookin' out for him like that—who gives a rat's ass if she gets some pleasure out of it, too. That'sjustice, man."
While I fully agreed with Del, I also knew that what these two were engaged in had long ago ceased to be about Bert's handicaps and more about pure old-fashioned lust and the heightened taboo thrill of incest between a sexy slut and her bad-boy big brother.
At the moment, the sexy slut had the bad-boy's hips rising up from the bed as he pumped his thick pink penis up into that luscious pink mouth with its gleaming white teeth and very busy pink tongue. Just as I was about to warn her that if she wanted him to come in her pussy, her usual preference, she'd best back off, she sensed it, too, and broke away from her oral efforts. Scooting back, she instructed him to stay on his back but to turn his feet toward us so that Del would get that dramatic rear view when she mounted her brother.
She grinned and winked at our rapt captain as she swung a leg over Bert, teasing Del with another pouty air kiss and a sultry, "Be patient, baby, you're next. Just enjoy the show."
Reaching down between their bodies, Blondie grasped her brother's granite-hard erection and held it in position as she settled slowly onto it. Del said, "Wow!" as the inner rose petal lips of her vaginal canal parted and slowly absorbed Bert's thick, meaty phallus. Both siblings groaned with the unparalleled pleasure of their first incestual mating in several weeks. She sighed,
"Oui!Oui! Oui! Tu te sens si bien en moi, mon amour(Yes! Yes! Yes! You feel so good in me, my love), so very, very good.Ta bite m'a tellement manqué, grand frère(I missed your cock so much, big brother)."
As my wife began insistently riding her brother's cock, grinding her pelvis into his, Delmar was wide-eyed. Leaning toward me, he plucked my sleeve and muttered in a disbelieving whisper,
"They're notreallybrother and sisterarethey? You folks're puttin' me on,right?"
Chuckling, I said to my wife, "Honey, Del doesn't believe that's your brother you're fucking."
Twisting her upper torso around and causing her breasts to sway delectably, she smiled wickedly at Del, mocking, "Oh, mais c'est définitivement mon grand frère(Oh but he's definitely my big brother) and I ammostdefinitelyfuckinghim, as you can well see."
Unsure just how good Del's French was I translated. He said, "Yeah, Igotit," before telling Blondie, "Well, it's some weird shit but it's also hot as hell—never seen a woman fuck her brother and it's fuckin' hot, lady—specially with you bein' such a fuckin' hottie yourself."
Still looking back at us, she continued grinding away on Bert and winked at me, reveling in Del's comment as she asked, "Why do you boys still have your clothes on? Aren't we supposed to be havin' a party?"
As she turned her attention back to Bert, the young captain and I shucked out of our cargo shorts and tees keeping only our deck shoes. Blondie certainly wasn't going to be disappointed with Del. Like every black guy she'd been with so far, this one was very well endowed: longer than her brother by an inch or so and every bit as thick. Unlike the medium pigmentation of the rest of him, Del's cock was dark brown. This was going to be averyfun cruise for my little hotwife.
We resumed watching as she leaned forward, kissing Bert, her modest but well-formed breasts pressing into his chest, her shapely bottom rising and falling as that big thick cock, now slickly coated with her creamy, natural lubricants disappeared then reappeared in the steady rhythm of their forbidden mating. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Del begin stroking his cock and when I told him Blondie was going to be very pleased with his equipment, he retorted,
"Jeezus, what a gorgeous ass! Man, I amsooogonna fuck your sexy ol' lady!"
I laughed, "Preciselywhy we're here today, Del, because that'sexactlywhat she wants you to do: fuck her gorgeous little white butt off."
Blondie and Bert rolled over and he took control, jerkily slamming that fat cock into her from every conceivable direction, extracting intermittent grunts and cries of pleasure when a particularly robust thrust hit a sensitive spot in her womb, reminding me of how she had previously praised his ability to do that better thananyof the many dozens of other lovers she'd had. By this point in our hotwife/cuckold marriage, I estimated she'd had sex with between a hundred and two-hundred partners, and still, after all these years, herfirstfuck was still herbestfuck.
When they weren't feverishly kissing, Blondie was moaning and crying out over and over,
"Oh, j'adore ta grosse bite Cajun, mon amour(Oh I love your big Cajun cock, my love) and he was telling her how much he loved her tight little Cajun pussy. Del gave me a funny look,
"They in love?" he asked softly. "They really love each other? Not like brother and sister but like husband and wife?"
I nodded, having long ago accepted the reality that my wife was perfectly capable of simultaneously loving multiple men, reinforced most recently by my wife's revelation that she wanted her big brother sharing her marital bed for several days while I was traveling so they could playmari et femme(husband and wife). That certainly sounded to me like a loving relationship, a marriage in all but the most legalistic sense of the word, albeit withmefurnishing the woman, the bed, the booze and even the dope, plus footing all the other bills. Talk about being cuckolded—it didn't get much more flagrant than that—and by my own brother-in-law, no less, I thought silently.
I was pulled from my ponderings by the sounds of Blondie urging her brother to go ahead and fill her pussy with his come,"Oui, oui, oui! Oh, mon Dieu, oui, donne-le moi, bébé, remplis-moi(Yes, yes, yes! Oh my God, yes, give it to me, baby,fill me up)!"Remplis ma petite chatte serrée avec ton sperme Cajun(Fill my tight little pussy with your Cajun come)!"
"Oui! Oui! Oui! Oh putain oui, donne-le moi, bébé, remplis-moi de tout ce chaud Le Monde sperme toi mauvais grand frère toi(Yes! Yes! Yes! Oh fuck yes, give it to me, baby,fill me with all that hot Le Monde seed you big bad brother you)!"
In Baton Rouge at Christmas, I'd heard my wife make similar excited pleas when her brother was ejaculating in her, referring to the very real fact that he was inseminating her with her own family seed, a reality that I found titillating as well. After all, I reasoned, the primary rationale for sibling incest being so taboo was that such close inbreeding all too frequently led to defective genetic consequences for offspring. That these sibling lovers had been tempting and testing that fate by fucking bareback for nearly two decades was perversely provocative in the extreme.
And it was driving my little slutwife into an absolute orgasmic frenzy at the moment. Those full lush lips were glued to her brother's and her hands gripped the back of his head tightly as her locked ankles pulled his hips into her, her own bottom thrusting upward, twisting and squirming to capture every drop of his erupting seminal fluids. Young Del was in awe, exclaiming,
"Man, your ol' lady is something else—she is one fuckin' hot piece of ass. Look how she puttin' it up there for him, gettin' that jizz. Holy shee-it, dude, that is mother-fuckin'hot!"
He broke into a huge grin when I responded, "Like I told you earlier, just wait until you see how tight she is."
"No shit?" and when I nodded he burst out gleefully, "Man-o-man-o-man, I'm flat gonna tear meupsome a' that fine pussy—counton it, boss—an' I love hearin' her talk dirty like that, 'specially in French.
Thatfine pussyhad formed a halo of creamy semen around the thick instrument that had just deposited it there, and true to form, Bert once again remained fully tumescent despite the huge load he'd just expended in his baby sister. She was moaning, her hands grasping his buttocks, still slowly pulling him into her, unwilling to miss out on a single drop of the family seed.
Finally breaking off their long kiss, a happily smiling Blondie panted, "My God, Bertie, after all these years, you're still such a good fuck." Kissing him again, more tenderly now, she purred,
"You still make that pussy feel as good as you always did. Iloveyour cock, baby."
I cleared my throat and caught her eye, nodding toward Del. She grinned, telling Bert,
"But you gotta get off me now and let me take care of our horny captain, who's been waitin' for some a' this pussy even longer than you have—since last October, in fact."
Sated for now, Bert rolled off and Blondie just lay there with her legs spread wide, her hairy snatch a creamy mess. Propping herself up on her elbows my wife smiled invitingly at Del, standing beside me stroking his semi-erect penis, and asked him in a coquettish, baby-girl voice,
"You lookin' for some place to put that big ol' beautiful dick, handsome?"
Growling, "You bet, gorgeous," Del mounted the two steps and climbed onto the raised V-berth.
Blondie patted the pillow at the head of the mattress against the hull and said, "Well lay back a moment or two and let me get that thing a little harder so it'll go in nice an' easy,d'accord(okay), baby?"
As he leaned back against the hull, she kneeled beside him and made another overly-generous application of frosted pink lipstick, refurbishing her"blowjob mouth"then took that thick black cock in hand, engulfing its head in her glistening, succulent mouth. What happened then utterly astonished me, a jaded voyeur who thought he'd seen just about everything.
After but a couple of head bobs, she paused, looked over at her brother who was sitting cross-legged on the far side of the berth and murmured tantalizingly,
"You wanna help me get him hard, Bertie?" and to my utter amazement, he wordlessly scooted in next to them, leaning his head in as Blondie pushed Del's cock toward her brother's mouth, whispering, "Go on an' suck it, sugar—get it all nice an' hard for me—just like you used to."
There was no hesitation. With his sister holding that stiffening black member, Bert took a few inches in his mouth and began a practiced head-bobbing motion that actually elicited a groan of pleasure from our somewhat bewildered captain. Del's expression was one of surprise but he made no move to halt the action as Bert's hand cupped his scrotum and he stepped up the tempo of his sucking motion. Blondie headed off any chance of vocal objection by covering Del's mouth with the frosted pink confection of her own, her tongue penetrating immediately. The guy had been totally ambushed but made no effort to protest. His lean, muscular arms embraced my naked wife, pulling her to him, succumbing completely to her torrid kisses and her brother's experienced oral skills.
As I sat mesmerized by this totally unexpected tableau, the three busily engaged participants slowly inching down the mattress until Del was lying flat with my wife bent over him, heatedly kissing him while her brother continued his eager fellatio. The young black man was responding to the double assault on his body with pleasurable moans and thrusts of his hips. When Blondie took her hand from Del's shaft, Bert's hand moved up from Del's balls and replaced it. She used her now free left hand to lift Del's right hand and place it atop Bert's head, effectively bestowing the young captain's acceptance of the bisexual threesome. She then began teasing her brother's ear, raking it gently with those long pink nails.
Those gestures served to inspire Bert to even greater effort—each time his mouth descended it was taking in more of that black shaft, almost to the point of deep-throating. With his hand pressing down on Bert's head while his own hips were now rhythmically pushing up off the bed, Del was now fully and openly participating, clearly fucking my brother-in-law in the mouth.
That realization made me smile. It also made me wonder when, where and how often these sibling sex-mates had done this—it quite obviously wasn't their first time—they were simply too practiced at it. I couldn't wait to hear Blondie's explanation of yet another aspect of their sex lives she'd failed to disclose when she was "clearing the air" with her supposed full confessions.
Moments later, she broke off the kiss and murmured to her brother, "Ça suffit pour l'instant(That's enough for now), Bertie—I want to fuck him, cher."
Bert ceased his oral ministrations, scooting to the far side of the bed as Blondie flopped on her back pulling Del between her welcoming legs. Thanks to Bert's saliva on Del's cock and his own copious semen in his sister's cunt, that big black dick penetrated my wife like a knife in butter, causing her to groan loudly. With the full vigor of his youth, the young captain began hammering it into her as she locked her heels behind his thighs, lifting her ass up from the bed to meet his thrusts. Their mouths were locked together with a repetitive grunting,"Unh! Unh!Unh!"coming from Blondie.
They maintained that furious pace for a few more minutes until she tore her mouth from his, gasping, "Ralentis, chérie, ralentis, d'accord(Slow down, darling, slow down, okay)?"
As Del slowed his pace, my wife held him close, winking at me, saying to him, "I've been waitin' a long time for this, handsome, an' it feels just as good as I knew it would so let's make it last a while,okay, baby?"
They did, fucking at a more tempered pace for another ten minutes before their tempo began to increase and suddenly Blondie cried out, "Ne t'arrête pas, ne t'arrête pas, ne t'arrête pas, bébé, jeviens, je viens, je viens(Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, baby I'm coming...I'm coming...I'm coming)!"
As my wife's first spasm of orgasm struck, Del let out a loud groan and began ejaculating into her, their first intercourse culminating in a crescendo of climactic fury that continued through several fevered moments. When the young black captain finally collapsed on her, she took his face in both hands, covering it with wet kisses accompanied by,"Mmm, mmm, mmm..."over and over. When he eventually rolled off her, Blondie turned on her side, continuing her tender kisses and murmurs of consummate pleasure. The thought came to me that my wife might have just found a new black boyfriend and smiled inwardly at the thought that better a local boat captain than a street thug like Victor over in New Orleans.
It turned out to be quite a Saturday afternoon for my little Cajun hottie who spent most of it on her back up in that sexy forward berth fucking her brother and the black boat captain. She was stoned and half drunk on wine but still putting out that sweet, tight pussy that the two guys couldn't get enough of. I'd not bothered to keep count of how many time she'd been fucked. She'd taken a few short breaks to eat a sandwich and to pee but the rest of the time they'd kept her busy and she was loving it. I'd seen her go long weekends at this pace and she never seemed to get tired of taking on one guy after another.
Looking out the porthole, I saw the sun was beginning to drop off the end of Dauphin Island and realized nightfall came early on the Gulf Coast this time of year. I asked Del, who was lying naked on the bunk next to my naked wife, carrying on a low-volume post-coital conversation,
"Are we going to be able to make it back to the marina before dark?"
He gave me a lazy, unconcerned smile that I found a bit troublesome. We'd just smoked more weed less than an hour earlier, just before he and Blondie fucked again. He said,
"Your wife an' I were just talkin' about stayin' out here all night. Whaddaya think about that?"
I replied, "Well, that would be fine except we're almost out of food, dude."
He was massaging Blondie's breast...thumbing her erect nipple. "I'd be fine just suckin' on these sweet puppies, you know?"
"C'mon, Del, let's get serious. If you guys want to stay out all night, we need to find some food somewhere. And...do you a have a space heater that can run off your diesel alternator?"
He lay there looking thoughtful before replying, "I have an idea. We're a lot closer to Bayou la Batre than we are Dog River and I've got an uncle there who has a little sea/soul-food/juke-joint that's actually pretty nice for a juke. He's got an old rickety dock out behind it where we could tie up. It's got shore power so we wouldn't have to run the engines."
"And the seafood's great—he's an offshore cook like me—he's the one got me hired in the first place. He runs a great kitchen though he mainly just supervises now an' pays others to cook."
So that is how we ended up tying up at the decrepit dock on a narrow bayou tributary little more than an hour later just as the sun dropped behind the pines. After extensive repair work on her hair and makeup, Blondie put her mini/sun-dress and high-heeled sandals back on and we walked up the none-too-sturdy dock toPapa Gateau's(Sugar Daddy's in Creole).
Papa Gee as he was known by family, friends and customers turned out to be an older, thicker, heavier version of his nephew, possessing the same, pencil-thin mustache and wavy processed hair as his nephew, but both flecked with gray, giving him a more urbane look, enhancing his mature good looks, matching his easy, rascally charm. While his nephew was mid to late twenties, I guessed Papa Gee to be in his mid-fifties, which didn't seem to slow him down.
Del had gone ahead into the little juke joint while Blondie, still stoned, took forever completing her hair and makeup repairs, which meant Del had plenty of time to tell his uncleeverything.That was undoubtably the reason why the old rake turned his full wattage on my wife the minute we walked into his small, but neat, and spotlessly clean, establishment. He effusively complimented her dress, her hair, her eyes, every aspect of her appearance as his dark, liquid eyes roamed over her face and body. Freshly fucked, high as a kite and, I recognized, still in a fully fuckable mood, Blondie ate it all up and flirted right back.
I thought, "What the hell, if she wants to screw the old guy, that's entirely her call."
The ramshackle bar against the back wall possessed only a beer and wine license but Papa brought out his private stock Bordeaux which he shared with Blondie. The rest of us drank ice-cold beer. It was still early so the place was quiet with only two of the perhaps ten or so mismatched table/chair arrangements of assorted sizes occupied. As he prepared to uncork the second bottle of wine, the wily old devil said slyly to my wife,
"My nephew tells me y'all are some real hard-partyin' white folks."
Looking deeply into her eyes, he said, "He also tol' me lil' Miz Blondie looks très sexy in her teeny weeny, pink bikini, an' seein' just how lovely you are fully-dressed,chérie, makes dis old man's heart flutter an' his 'magination run wild wit' speculation."
Her eyes never leaving his, my wife smiled provocatively and replied in a throaty, sensual purr,
"Pourquoi merci(Why, thank you), Papa. It's all I have on under this dress, which I'm plannin' on takin' off just as soon as we get back on the boat. Why don't we take that bottle out to theNauti Buoyan' Miz Blondie will let you check out her bikini all you want, cher."
With a crafty, emboldened smile, he suggested, "Why don't I grab a couple more bottles—get you in the mood to take that bikini off,too—let ol' Papa Gee check out those sweet little white titties an' that hairy little cooze my nephew's been ravin' about,hmm,jolie femme(pretty woman)?"
"Why don't you do that, Papa?" she teased. "But I don'tneedthe wine—yourbeau neveu(handsome nephew) has already got me in the mood to get naked on that sexy bed again an' the way I'm feelin' right now, I won't mind a bit if you wanna get up there for a while an' let Miz Blondie give youun joli petit échantillon(a nice little sample) of what she's been givin' yourbeau neveu."
She winked, "C'est ce que tu as en tête,chérie(Is that what you had in mind, honey)?"
His face splitting in a huge grin he replied, "Parfait(Perfect)! Then after we have our little party we'll come back in here and have a wonderful dinner,compliments du propriétaire(compliments of the owner),d'accord?"
Blondie paid a quick visit to the ladies' room while Papa fetched his wine. Then Bert and I each carried a bottle of the Bordeaux down the shaky dock behind my tipsy wife, who strolled arm-in-arm between Papa and his nephew, giggling merrily. Having seen her in similar circumstances many times before, I could read the signs: my little Dixie Pixie was ripe for pulling a train tonight—ablacktrain.
Once back aboard, Del plugged us into the dubiously-wired dockside power source and turned on some low, golden-glowing cabin lighting, creating a very sensual atmosphere. Blondie mounted the two steps to the open, forward V-berth where she'd spent most of the afternoon on her back and took a seat on the edge of the thick mattress. Smiling seductively at the four men facing her from around the salon, she crooked a finger, beckoning me. Standing and turning her back, she cooed,
"Soyez un bon mari et décompressez-moi pour ces messieurs, cher(Be a goodcocuand unzip me for these gentlemen, cher."
Retaking my seat in the dinette, I watched as she stood there smiling naughtily, surveying her appreciative audience. She was completely and comfortably in her exhibitionist element now, preparing to strip naked for four pairs of hungry male eyes: her husband, her brother and two black men. I chuckled inwardly thinking, that for a Southern belle, you couldn't get much more perfectly decadent than that. Pulling the top of the dress to her waist, she shimmied the bunched material down her hips and stepped out of it, tossing it to Papa Gee who exclaimed
"Hooee, pretty baby! Look at all that soft white skin! You fuckin' fine, baby, super-fine!"
She was right about the dark pubic hair peeking out around the three sides of the tiny, shiny, pink triangle giving the impression that it was trying to restrain some furry creature and failing. Her hard nipples betrayed her own arousal at provoking four men. Smiling at Papa she teased.
"Aimez-vous ce que vous voyez, papa doux?(Do you like what you see, sweet daddy)?Veux tu en voirplus(Do you want to see more)?"
Papa sat there grinning, nodding and muttering, "Oui...oui...oui," as my wife reached behind her and unsnapping the flimsy top, shucked out of it, tossing it to the older man. Stripping out of the tiny, shiny pink triangular bottom, she flipped that to him, too, before sitting back on the edge of the bed and sluttily spreading her legs, asking sweetly,
"Tu veux un peu de ma petite chatte blanche serrée, papa(Want some of my tight little white pussy, daddy)?"
Blondie had picked up on white women calling black men "daddy" from porn videos and had quickly learned that black men, particularly older black men, indeed found it a turn on. When Papa roared out, "HellyeahI want some of that tight little white pussy," she winked and cooed,
"Well then get yourself up here an' get some of it, daddy, 'cause my little white pussy's ready for some more black dick...alotmore."
She glanced at me and raised her eyebrows suggestively and I recognized that look—she was letting me know that Papa Gee didn't necessarily need to be herlaststrange black cock of the evening. I could read her devious mind. After all, wasn't that ablackjuke joint right up that dock and was thisnotin fact Saturday night, when a lot of black men might be there drinking, dancing raising hell...and looking for pussy?
When Papa dropped his boxer shorts he revealed a cock almost identical to his nephew's, causing my little slut to squeal with delight as she scooted back on the bed with her legs spread, waiting. She took him in without preliminaries and he was fully inside her and pumping before they had even kissed the first time. But when they did kiss, he must have been good at it because Blondie went a little crazy and began fucking him back enthusiastically telling him repeatedly,
"Baise moi,papa,baise moibaise moi baise moi! Donne moi cette grosse bite noire papadoux.Donne-le moi bien et dur(Fuck me, daddy, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! Gimme that big black cock, sweet daddy. Give it to me good and hard)."
He did—for about ten hot and heavy minutes before she got his nuts off. He lay there panting and wheezing for a few more before Bert asserted his right of succession, pointing out that Del had been the last one to fuck her before we left Dauphin Island. As Papa stepped past me, he patted my arm and said, "You a lucky dude—dat's some fine pussy your lil' wife got dere."
Glancing over his shoulder, he whispered, "Dat dudereallyher brutha?" and when I assured him he was, he retook his seat, muttering, "Man, this somethin' I gotta see—pretty little thing like that fuckin' her ownbrutha."
But before he was able to see that occur, there was something of even greater depravity he got to view when Blondie snapped her fingers at her brother and indicated her freshly-fucked pussy needed a cleanup. A willing Bert set dutifully about the task, seemingly unmindful or uncaring that he had a three-man audience, eagerly kissing, licking and sucking a sticky snatch that had taken come loads several times today from four different men, the last just moments ago.
Again, my wife had been right about her brother being so perverted he'd be willing to accept her fucking blacks, even willing, eagerly so, in fact, to suck a black dick himself, preparing it to fuck his little sister. How she had known that he would do that was a story I would have to get from her later when we were alone. And now this.
Much to everyone's delight, Bert's cleaning endeavors led to his sister having a near-screaming orgasm that led to another almost as soon as he got his cock in her and eventually a third several minutes later when he came in her. While they were still going strong, with Bert hitting that hot, hairy, little target from every possible direction and his sister trying to meet every thrust, Papa leaned over to me, correctly observing,
"Man, they arereallyfuckin' good together,ne sont-ils pas(aren't they)? Move like a dance team or somethin' youknow?"
I grinned, "Lotta practice—they've been fucking since she was eighteen," causing him to return my grin, shaking his head at the wonder of it all. He plucked my sleeve again, saying.
"Look, man, any time Miz Blondie get to feelin' that jungle fever comin' on, y'all are welcome to come down for one a' Papa Gee's personally cooked, private, candlelit, gourmet dinners withbeaucoup(plenty of) Bordeaux an' a handsome young black stud waitin'' on her hand an' foot. I'll treat your wife like a real lady or a real whore, whatever she in the mood for,diggie vous?"
"An' there's a motel over on the Interstate with big, sexy hot tubs, big round beds and lotsa mirrors in the rooms. Everything would be Papa's treat,bien sûr(of course)."
Several minutes later Bert got his nuts off again and his semen production appeared considerably reduced from just a few hours ago—but it was,at least, his third time today. He still continued to amaze me with his ability to give it to my wife as hard and as often as someone half his age, with those big, remarkable balls producing such copious quantities of semen. For a man in his late thirties, his recuperative powers were astounding.
But what counted most washowhe gave it to her and how she responded. He seemed to be able to make her come during intercourse more frequently than any other lover I could recall seeing her with and I knewthatwas a sure way to keep her calling him up and inviting him to drive over and share her bed, whether I was home or not. Well she was about to get it good and hard for the next six nights, until I flew back into Mobile next Friday. That should hold her for a while, I hoped.
I awoke early Sunday morning in the unfamiliar and chilly confines of theNauti Boy'scabin, hungover and head hurting. I was alone on the berth made by folding down the dinette table, an action I did not remember taking. Bert was across the cabin on the salon sofa. Looking up to the V-berth where I vaguely remembered watching alotof fucking taking place, I saw my diminutive wife sprawled on her side with a much larger, darker and more muscular form spooned up behind her.
Much darker...almost coal black...too dark, in fact,toobig andtooblack to be our captain. I looked back to the aft berth beyond the galley and saw a lighter-skinned black male's form, presumably Del. I lay back, staring up at the roof of the cabin, allowing remembrances of the previous night to gradually take form.
After Blondie had fucked Papa Gee and Bert, we'd smoked another joint before going back in for a long, drunken dinner inPapa Gateau's. A stoned and constantly laughing Blondie had sat across from Bert and me at a longer table facing the small dance floor. Seated against the wall, she was sandwiched between Del and Papa Gee, and in spite of the place being packed with a largely black crowd, she'd not been shy about ardently kissing both men from time to time.
Then the memory flooded back of my stoned wife dancing with Papa Gee, rubbing her tits and her belly all over him, deep-kissing him on the small dance floor while many disapproving black eyes, mostly female, cast furtive, contemptuous glances at Bert and me as if trying to determine which of those honky fools was responsible for this white bitch and her whorish behavior.
Those looks of racial animus and contempt became even more intense when, after an extended deep kiss while intensely belly-rubbing to a sensual rhythm and blues number, Papa had led my wasted mate through the door to the kitchen and they'd not returned for twenty minutes. When I queried Del, he winkingly informed us that his uncle had a narrow bed in his back office. When they returned, Blondie was laughing gaily, her arm around his waist, glowing again with that freshly-fucked look.
Back in the present, I sat up from my dinette bed looking closer at the ebony hulk beside my wife, my memory haze clearing further, remembering Papa suddenly pushing his chair back and standing, arms wide-opened in welcome with a huge grin on his face. I had turned in my chair to find myself facing a virtual mountain of black muscle gone somewhat slack. Nevertheless, it was both impressive as well as intimidating until Papa introduced this fellow, Leon, or Big L, as another of his nephews and Del's cousin.
At Papa's suggestion, Del surrendered his seat next to my wife to his cousin and joined Bert and me, facing them. She was wide-eyed and almost giddy with delight as she boozily appraised all that mass of black virility: the wide shoulders, the huge, ham-like arms, those long, thick fingers hinting of other lengthy things, all topped with a shiny, ink-black face that, while not handsome, managed to be pleasantly attractive. Blondie loved getting fucked by really big men and her immediately delighted response indicated she was clearly intending to get fucked by this one.
It wouldn't be until we got home that she told me just how it had happened that Leon had suddenly materialized at his uncle's juke joint. During dinner Papa had asked her if she'd be willing to fuck another of his nephews, a former football player at Southern Mississippi who'd been kicked off the team several years ago for constantly violating player curfew. The kid was a pussy hound who liked to stay out all night, especially with white coeds, but his easy access to white women had dried up when he left college. Papa Gee knew that hisénorme neveu(enormous nephew) would love to fuck a little white beauty like Blondie. She had told Papa to call him, which he had done first thing when he took her back to his office for their between-dances quickie.
Shortly after Papa introduced us, I noticed him explaining something to Leon, with Blondie between them nodding, speaking earnestly to Big L with repeated glances across the table at Bert. With a look of disbelief on that ebony visage, Leon was shaking his head doubtfully and I saw his lips form the wordsno way. Suddenly Blondie stood, came around the table and plopped in Bert's lap. Hiking up them of her skirt and revealing her incompletely-covered bush, my soused little spouse took her brother's hand and placed it between her spread legs. Tilting his face up, she bent and gave him a long, warm, wet kiss, her hips beginning to move against the finger he had apparently inserted.
When she finally ended the long kiss, she leveled a lewd leer at Leon, and said, "See, baby?" causing the big man to shake his head in amazement at the weird sexual antics of white folks.
Standing and smoothing down her sun dress, she smiled naughtily, explaining to me,
"Papa told him about Bertie an' me fuckin' an' Leon doesn't believe I'd fuck my own brother, so I decided to just give him a little preview."
Now here on the boat in the early morning, I was recalling images of Blondie cuddling comfortably in big Leon's massive arms between dances. She was on the floor frequently, showing off her most suggestive moves on the fast numbers and rubbing her body all over her black dance companions on the slow ones, shamelessly engaging in hot, open-mouthed kissing with all three of her black companions. Leon hadn't been there even an hour when my wife ledhimfrom the dance floor to the bed in back, looking tiny and helpless next to his massive bulk.
But I knew she could and would accommodate him quite well—I'd watched her fuck big men before—and she managed them all passionately and skillfully, which I was sure she had done with Leon when they finally emerged after a half-hour, with her looking somewhat worse for the wear but grinning merrily. As they approached the table, I heard a deep rumbling voice call out,
"Hey, Big L, you tear up some a' that fine white pussy, dawg?"
A smirking Leon silently raised a straight-armed, clenched fist, black power salute as he assisted my wife into her chair. She looked steadily into my eyes...hers reflecting a smug glee.
Glancing over my shoulder I saw several black women glaring our way. Not seeing any other white patrons, I suggested to Papa Gee that it might be prudent to take our mixed-race party back to the boat. He reluctantly agreed that trouble might be brewing that would not end well for us white folks and he sure didn't need any visits from sheriff's deputies. Admitting that he was done for the night anyway, Papa remained behind to pacify patrons in his little joint, sending us younger folks back to the boat for further fun.
Sitting here in the dawn, I remembered this massive black man now snuggled against my wife, effortlessly carrying the sozzled Southern belle like his beautiful blonde bride down the quaking dock to his cousin's boat, led by that cousin and followed by her brother and husband. Once aboard Blondie had stripped and climbed naked into Desmond's lap. Running her small white hands over his massive arms, she giggled to me,
"Mon Dieu, sugar, will you just look at these muscles?" She kissed him tenderly and gushed,
"This little ol' Cajun girl just dearly loves fuckin' big ol' black men with big ol' muscles like these..." She winked at me and taunted "An big ol' other things, too."
With a wicked grin, she teased, "Wait'll you see the dick on thisgoujon(stud)—you're gonna wanta see me take that thing,très certainement(most assuredly), cher."
Leering at Bert, she taunted, "You're the one who made me like cock so much. Does it bother you that now it'sblackcock that Ireallylike, big brother?"
Bert just smiled and countered, "Nope, not me, but our daddy? Nowhe'dprobably kill you."
Kissing Leon softly again, she raked her long pink nails along his massive jaw, tittering,
"Yep, he prolly would;C'est ce qui le rend si délicieux(That's what makes it so delicious)."
Big Leon surprised me by replying, "Pour moi aussi(for me, too)," and then I realized that he'd probably been raised in Louisiana like his cousin, Del, although there was considerable French spoken around Bayou la Batre as well.
"But my big black bull no doubt needsun peu de temps pour récupérer(a little time to recoup)."
She rose from his lap and climbed back up into the forward berth, hersexylittle playpenas she'd initially described it to me. Giving Leon a crafty smile she mocked,
"So you still don't believe my brother fucks me,hmm?" She crooked a finger at Bert and purred,
"Get outta those duds, big brother an' let's show the man howgoodyou fuck your baby sister."
As a drunk and now naked Bert climbed up onto the forward berth sporting yet another huge erection, she cooed,
"But before you fuck me, whyn't you clean up what's left of this creampie Big L an' your little sister made back there in Papa Gee's office,d'accord(okay)?"
She leaned back against the cushioned hull and as Bert maneuvered between her legs, sighed,
"Mange ma chatte chérie(Eat my pussy, honey)Lèche-le bébé, lèche-le(Lick it, baby, lick it)!"
Taking his head in her hands, she moaned and urged him more forcefully,
"Nettoie-moi, chérie(Clean me up, honey).Léche sperme de mon grand amant noir hors de làLick my big black lover's come out of there,oui, oui, oui!"
"Mon Dieu, oui, oui, oui(My God, yes, yes yes)!Nettoie-moi puis baise-moi avec ta grosse bite Cajun(Clean me up then fuck me with your big Cajun cock)mon grand frère(my big brother)!"
Leon was following every word and I hoped he could follow Blondie's French, which was an amalgam of Cajun, Creole and classroom textbook. I wasn't sure he was buying into the incest story and when he glanced at me questioningly, I nodded and muttered,
"They reallyaresister and brother—they've been doing this since she turned eighteen..."
He shook his head, mumbling, "Man that shit ain't fuckin' natural..."
Just then, Bert entered his sister accompanied by mutual groans. I grinned, "No, it may not be but it's sexy as hell and they sure seem to enjoy doing it."
As the siblings continued their usual impassioned intercourse, Big L must have decided that it was, indeed, sexy as hell because he unzipped his chinos and unlimbered a truly impressive penis, probably bigger than either his cousin's or uncle's. I could see why Blondie had liked it. Watching the Blondie/Bertie show, he lazily stroked it until Bert finally admitted he wasn't going to be able to come again yet, so someone else might as well take his place. There wasn't any question who that was going to be as Big Leon stood, stripped and wedged himself into the V-berth beside a welcoming Blondie.
Mumbling instructions to the black behemoth, she turned sideways in the bunk lying on her side facing out into the cabin and Big L spooned up behind her. She threw her left leg up over his huge hip opening herself up for him to insert that black club into her, an endeavor made easier by the fact that her vagina was now fully dilated by several hours of nearly constant repetitious, penetration. She engulfed that huge cock with amazing ease and as Leon's hips began their rhythmic pumping, she turned her face back over her shoulder seeking his kisses. When their mouths connected, he really began to pound her from behind causing her to emit little yelps of pleasure in both French and English.
And that was the last thing I remembered. Tired from a long day, much of it on a boat, tiring in and of itself, and full of alcohol and weed, I simply drifted off, leaving my wife in the arms of a veritable King Kong, happily impaled on his huge black organ. Now she lay there sleeping in his massive arms, both of them naked, prompting mental images of what would transpire when they woke. I didn't have to wait long to see. Big L's left hand eased up from the bedspread, cupping a breast, causing Blondie to stir then grumpily push his hand away.
But when a persistent Leon cupped her breast again, my little wife's eyes flickered into slivers as awareness slowly returned and she realized that wasn't her horny husband's hand annoyingly awakening her in their bed at home but that of a huge black stranger who had a huge black erection poking between her butt cheeks. With her eyes still closed, those lush full lips formed into a naughty smile as she pushed her naked bottom back against him, wriggling it invitingly.
I closed my own eyes to slits, wanting to watch this show without Blondie being aware that I was observing, wanting to see how she handled this wakeup situation on her own. Leon's massive head appeared at her shoulder and he began nuzzling and kissing her neck while his sausage-like fingers manipulated her now-erect nipple. Her left hand went to his face, caressing it as her smile broadened and she murmured so quietly I barely heard,"Mmmmmm..."
Then, just as she'd done last night, she lifted her left leg over his and shifted her hips so as to open herself for entry. But this time she reached down and grasped his erect cock, guiding it to that welcoming pink portal, which, to my amazement, was glistening with her internal lubricants. She was ready for him—no question.
Holding his cock in place, she whispered, "Push, baby," then grunted involuntarily as that huge purplish head spread her inner lips and began disappearing into her. As they began to fuck slowly, she opened her eyes, looking first at me, then around the cabin to see if they were being watched. Seeing that they weren't, she smiled happily and turned her face to him for what became a very long, passionate, tongue-swapping kiss that increased the tempo of their fucking.
That continued for a couple of minutes with my wife's response to that huge black dick growing more intense until she whispered something to him and shifted out of his grasp to lie on her back, her legs spread and her arms held out to him. As he mounted her missionary style, I marveled at how helplessly tiny she looked beneath that mass of African virility that was now mating with her and would soon be inseminating her with African seed.
Leon bent down and they kissed as she took the full measure of that huge cock inside her small body. They held the kiss as the intensity of their lovemaking increased but I could barely hear my wife's quiet moans, their passion being remarkable for its muted consummation. My normally vocal spouse was deliberately suppressing her responses, not wanting to alert anyone else to their early-morning tryst. It concerned me that my beautiful wife seemed to be developing a fondness for fucking black men on her own, without sharing the intimacy with her husband.
It took only minutes for her to make him come and the utter silence of it in the unusual nautical setting made it incredibly erotic. Blondie had muffled any sounds Big L might make by keeping her lips pressed against his as he bucked and slammed into her, expending his seed in her womb. They continued kissing even after he'd finished until she must have sensed me watching and glanced my way. She gave me a tired but happy smile, winked, waggled her fingers and mouthed a silent "Good morning," still not wanting to wake the others.
Dreading the hangover I was facing, I dozed off again, sleeping until awakened by Blondie's cries of passion. Sitting up, I saw that it was now her brother up in the V-berth pounding that fat Cajun cock into her and she was again in fullCowboy*mode, absolutely wild with lust. Smelling coffee, I looked aft to see Captain Del seated on the ladder steps holding a mug. Noticing I was awake, he pointed to the galley stove and when I stepped over and poured myself a cup, he said,
"We need to be gettin' back, man, I gotta get ready to head back out in the Gulf this evening," meaning that he was going back out to a drilling platform to perform his cooking duties.
Looking to the forward berth I said, "Then you ought to be the one up there fucking her—he's staying here this week while I'm out of town so she'll be giving him all the pussy he can handle until I get back."
Del grinned, "Your brother-in-law'sun homme très chanceux(a very lucky man) and you'reun mari très généreux(a very generous husband), but your gorgeous wife an' I just finished—you slept through it."
And thus our sexy cruise ended that Sunday after a quick run back to the marina at Dog River, my bikini-clad wife sitting in the captain's lap, making out, for almost the entire trip. Once ashore, we agreed to future outings with Del consenting to forego his charter fee.
Back at the house, I ordered pizza, made a batch of Bloody Mary's and the three of us spent Sunday afternoon in the hot tub, naked of course, but surprisingly, with no requests for sex from Bert. That respite lasted only until I suggested an early bedtime as I was flying out tomorrow. My wife eagerly agreed, making her own suggestion that I sleep in the guest bedroom if I wanted to get an undisturbed night's rest. She then led her smirking brother down the hallway and it wasn't five minutes before the sounds of impassioned lovemaking began coming from our master bedroom and continued for a long,longtime into the night. And itwaslovemaking, I realized: two lovers, adult sister and brother though they assuredly were, in there in our marital bed, making passionate romanticlove.Not just fucking...
*Cowboy mode is first explained inBlondie Bags a Black Cherryparts one and two.Her sibling sex saga begins withBlondie Beds Her Needy Brotherparts one and two, continuing withBlondieConfesses Sibling SexandBlondie's Taboo Christmas Trip,then this story.