Continued from part 02................
Chapter one: Nazi rocket Zombies
The hall was packed with students. Stella was an upcoming star in the history department. WW2 history was her forte. She always managed to find some obscure story to liven up the classroom.
"The Nazi scientists were an evil and ingenious lot. Having no ethical boundaries, they were free to experiment at will. Among their dreadful perversions, the latest de classified documents from Russia revealed plans which are utterly preposterous", the screen showed some heavily redacted old documents.
"According to these documents, which the Russians released most probably as they didn't believe a single word of it, the Nazi space program sought to solve the issue of sustaining life in outer space and even in the cold depths of the sea in a a way so out of this world, not even a science fiction writer has thought about it quite in the same way," continued the thirty five year old professor.
"So, if its so unbelievable, why are you explaining it to us?" asked a cheeky under grad.
"Well, its so detailed with over 2000 pages, that I believe they genuinely tried it," said Stella.
" Sustaining life in the harsh environments of space was beyond the material capabilities of the time. The documents show that they tried with terrible consequences. They simply couldn't keep a human alive for any useful time in outer space."
"To add to their dilemma, their U boats were becoming easy targets, as they needed to come to the surface to replenish their air supplies and re charge their batteries. This was before Nuclear power plants became compact or useable, maintaining a warm, oxygen rich environment for long was a challenge,"
"So the Nazis, decided on an alternative route; stop trying to sustain life. Re-animate the dead instead!"
.....................................................................................................................................
Chapter two : Helga begins her journey.
"The Zombie virus was discovered by our scientists in the Himalayas. While traveling in Tibet, in search of our Aryan ancestors, they discovered perfectly preserved bodies, hundreds, perhaps thousands of years old, buried in the deep snow," the scientist explained as Helga watched a black and white reel of a discovered body being examined by doctors back in Germany.
The camera was mounted looking down on the examination table.
The doctors were slowly warming the frozen body with lamps and hot air guns.
The body was that of a man. Mostly skin and bones, with remnants of his clothes in rags.
She almost fainted with horror as all of a sudden the thawed body began twitching and trying to sit up. The doctors ran out of the room.
"This is a joke! You trick me, doctor. This is not funny," she exclaimed standing up.
"I assure you it is not! Frauline von Heidleberg! You shall meet one in person soon. But there isn't anything to fear from this creature. We discovered that a particular virus was the cause of the re animated flesh. The consciousness is gone. The host is dead. The body has decayed, but still the primal brain stem is alive and sending signals to the dead flesh. This is what we have used to create the ultimate soldier!"
And so the process began,
..............................................................................................................................................
Chapter 03 : The Zombie conversion step one
Helga lay reclined on the operating chair. It was similar to a dentists chair but with more elaborate attachments. She was in the nude with some rudimentary heart monitors attached to her prominent chest. The surgeons were shaving off her lusciously blonde hair in preparation for the first of many elaborate and dangerous procedures.
The first step was to shield her brain and spinal cord from the ravages of the "Zombivirus". This was the biggest challenge scientists faced. All their efforts and almost two hundred lives later, they had the solution. The virus was able to reanimate dead flesh, but could easily be killed with Iodine or Iodine salts. The solution was simple, Helga's skull and spinal fluids were to be saturated with iodine. This was achieved in two ways:
1. Direct injection of Iodine into the spinal fluid and skull as well as brain stem.
2. Iodine infused modified bacterium of meningitis. This was to attack the central nervous system and settle in the tiniest of corners throughout the brain, while the inert nature of the bacterium would mean the host wouldn't get sick.
After the shave, Helga was asked to stand up. Her vitals were taken and several dozen photographs with all manner of measurements.
She was embarrassed deeply but soldiered through the shoot.
She stood in the nude, arms and legs spread wide, exposing all her assets to the team of male doctors. They took photos of her head breasts, belly, buttocks and thighs with measuring calipers and rulers touching her body, showing off their dimensions to the camera. Short films were shot of her walking in the nude around the operating theatre as well as doing squats and splits.
It was an extremely erotic sight to see this German goddess in all her glory. The men couldn't help themselves being exited.
"Helga, please climb onto the chair again. This time, the other way around, on your belly, exposing your spine to us," instructed the surgeon.
"Will this hurt doctor?", she asked.
"Yes, it might at times. But we'll try our best to prevent it. Be strong and don't panic my child. Let whatever, happens happen. Don't worry. You're in good hands," he said.
Helga climbed onto the chair and the team moved in to restrain her. It was a bizarrely erotic position.
The shaved beauty lay with her chest and belly on the chair. Her legs were spread out and knees bent underneath the chair. A nurse crouched underneath and fastened two soft padded leather cuffs to her ankles. The cuffs were then hooked securely to each other, trapping the girl's legs under the seat. Then the nurse strapped two more leather cuffs around Helga's thick thighs. These thigh straps were then secured to the sides of the table.
Helga kept quiet and let it all happen. "Frauline, please hug the back of the seat," instructed another nurse. Helga did the same and soft padded cuffs were placed around her wrists which were in tern clamped together.
Spread and bound with her rear and spine exposed, Helga wriggled a little, testing her bonds. Her breasts were uncomfortable crushed against the seat.
Her head was over the backrest of the chair. Her throat pressed against it painfully.
"Now secure her head and torso," said a doctor. Blocks of sculpted rubber were brought in. Two blocks were placed either side of her waist and screwed and strapped down. Two more blocks were clamped either side of the chair's headrest. Helga couldn't believe how snug it was. Two more blocks secured her armpits. Now the girl was totally exposed and immobile. A nurse strapped a thick, black Oxygen mask onto her face.
The girl now lay spread out, straddling the chair, completely exposed. Her butt was out and her wet pussy and rosy anus there for all to see. The bald head and pale body shone with droplets of sweat. The head surgeon came to the back of the chair where his patient's head was secured.
"Helga, we are only using local anesthetics in this procedure. You need to talk to us and tell us of any discomfort. Understand?"
"Yes doctor", She said, looking at him with wide eyes.
With X ray photographs as references, the doctors began marking their points of entry into the girl's brain and spinal column. Helga flinched a bit as it was ticklish.
For the first time, doctors used live X ray footage to see if their probes were going into the right place. The machine hovered above the girl's head and a screen projected the visuals onto a wall in the theatre.
They next began by applying a topical anesthetic to her scalp and along her spine, followed by some disinfectant.
Two teams began work: One on her head and one on her spine. Another team monitored her vitals.
As the doctors began drilling into her skull, Helga closed her eyes. "Ohh, doctor"
She didn't see the theatre door open and shut.
"Helga, my beautiful daughter," was she dreaming. "Papa" here eyes flung open.
"Oh this is a dream!" she struggled.
"Shh........no my dear. I'm hear now. You're such a brave girl," he said.
"Aaah", she cried as the probes tapped her spinal cord.
"Oh GOD! Oh it hurts so much!" She wailed as more needles drilled into her spinal cord.
It was too much to bare. Golden urine flowed along the seat and onto the floor. Admiral von Heidelberg saw the piss splatter on the floor. He massaged his daughter's shoulders and looked into her eyes.
"My beloved Helga. Stay strong. its all right......." Tears ran down her cheeks. He couldn't see her face as it was covered by the black oxygen mask. He could only see her eyes.
After the spine had been tapped, the next step was to extract the fluid, dope it with iodine and re inject it. This was achieved by a machine specifically designed for this purpose. Two were needed, one for her brain and one for the spinal column.
Tubes were attached to the needles now embedded in her spine and brain. These were attached to the machines and the doctors took a step back before beginning pumping.
Helga's head was spinning. She suddenly lost feelings in her limbs and below her waist.
"Doctor, she's passing stool!" said one of the nurses.
"Don't worry my child, let it happen. Its perfectly normal," said the head surgeon.
"Ohh, I can't help it, Father, Ohh..." she moaned as she lost consciousness. Ice cold fluid now began to pump into her brain.
To be continued...