All characters are above the age of 18.
*
"I changed my mind. I can't do this. Find someone else."
I was naked and supposed to be trying different poses to find a comfortable position I could hold for at least 30 minutes.
Sal dipped his hand in blue paint and slapped my ass cheek!
"Sal! Really?"
"It's for effect!"
I looked at one of the mirrors lining the walls of the room. It did actually look cool, especially since my butt is one of my best assets, if I do say so myself.
"Relax, I promise it's going to be super professional. You're going to be one of the first ones up, so you'll be in a modest pose, and people won't even be rowdy yet."
He told me to stand still until the handprint dried, so it wouldn't smudge.
Sal had taken over as the house events coordinator and took his responsibilities seriously. He could be a micromanaging perfectionist who drove us crazy, but his events were always the best, so we did as we were told.
The main event, where I would be a model, was in the largest living room. He made it quite tasteful. The floor was layered with waterproof matts- comfortable for the models and paint friendly. 15 or so easels were set up in a circle, and mirrors were set up around the walls.
Sal was an actual art major, so he did a colab with one of his classes for paint and materials in exchange for free entry and first dibs on the models by the art students.
The attached smaller side rooms, however, were for later in the evening, when the alcohol started to flow and the party began.
Those rooms were to be interactive and provided body paint for more intimate experiences. Each one even had a theme. There was a room that started out all white, a neon room, and... actually I hadn't checked all of them out yet! I should do that before the night was over.
People started trickling in at opening time.
I joined the other models in a room with the heat up. Sal forbid anyone from dressing so as not to ruin the effects he had branded us with - provocative blue paint. One girl had blue bite marks on her neck, another had a ring of blue around his cock, one had blue lips, oh! Gale! I covered myself, leaning against a wall.
He strode over. "Hey, cutie."
"Hi Gale! I didn't know you'd be here." Don't look. Don't look. Oh, I bet he had a big swinging cock, heavy and meaty. Oohhh! I kept rigid eye contact with him. The guys better appreciate the sacrifices I make. I was partially joking with myself, but the struggle not to look was real.
"Sal convinced me. He's like a dog with a bone, you know?"
I chuckled, "He really is."
"Looks like we're matching." He lifted his hand, covered in blue paint, and pointed to my handprint.
"Oh!" Damn Sal.
"Also, no hard feelings. I got your text the other day."
I had messaged him saying thank you so much for asking me out and how he was totally someone I'd love to get to know better but that I kind of started seeing someone. I didn't say someones!
"I'm sorry again. Thanks for understanding. You're a really great guy! And um..."
"I wished we had met earlier, but I get it. Let me know if it doesn't work out with the other dude." He winked and walked away. Ugh, he's so hot. I did let my eyes roam down his muscular back, but just a little! Phew, I did it. Good job me.
Thankfully, a few other guys from the house were around too, and the conversation was light while I waited.
When it was my turn, I kept modestly covering my dick with my hands but otherwise felt pretty relaxed. Until I felt the group's eyes on me. My heartbeat pulsed loud in my ears. I couldn't hear anything around me. I didn't get creepy vibes from any of them. They roamed my body, like they were taking my measurements. I felt a few appreciative looks, and my body warmed. I didn't think I had a kink or anything, but this was sort of a turn on.
The few other models who went before me, including Gale, now done with their commitments, enjoyed the event. He had put on spandex that left little to the imagination. His eyes roamed my body too. Ah! I hastened my pace.
Sal had chosen a pose that focused on my bubble butt, so I laid on the mats on the floor, slightly shifting my currently half hard dick to lay against my stomach. In case I got hard, I didn't want it poking out behind me. Plus, the matts cushioned it. I crossed my ankles and laid my cheek against my arms. I was overdue for a haircut, so my hair brushed my neck and arms. In the mirror I saw between easels, I looked good! Like a naughty angel, Sal had called me. I bet Patt would like that. I shifted and curved my spine to enunciate my ass but still in comfortable enough of a position to hold it without straining.
I calmed down some and was able to hear the comments from the artists and onlookers.
"Hot damn!"
"He's so handsome!"
"What a cutie."
"I wish I had that ass."
"I could bounce a quarter off of that."
"He's going to be a fun one to paint!"
The compliments went on, making me warmer and warmer.
The music was turned up, a pulsing beat, adding energy to our surroundings, and wine and cocktails were being passed around. I should have had some of that first.
I had purposefully chosen to lie down at this angle, so I could see the entryway. My pulse beat faster every time the front door opened. All phones and devices with photo abilities were taken and put in a lockbox at entry. That way, everyone was free to prance around naked as the day they were born without repercussions on future careers. Sal really thought of everything.
Finally, Elijah and Patt entered. I felt my cheeks heat. Maybe this was a bad idea! The room suddenly felt a million times warmer.
They didn't see me immediately. Elijah talked with everyone. He was great at networking. Patt silently followed, smiling to those who greeted him, searching the room.
When he spotted me, he froze for a second, then grabbed Elijah to join the circle of observers. Elijah's gritted his jaw, his eyes glued to me. Patt, however, looked around the whole room, taking in everything.
He was too observant for his own good. I saw the moment he saw Gale's blue hand. His eyes whipped back to my ass. I could see his body vibrating. Elijah's spell was broken with Patt's sudden reaction. He tracked what Patt saw and stiffened even more.
The horrible timing it was, someone yelled over the music, "Can we get someone to pose with him?"
"Oh, hell no." Elijah immediately stripped. He downed a glass of wine, found a bucket of green paint nearby, dipped his hand in it, strode to me, and smacked my cheek with the handprint on it. I yelped!
The crowd gave audible gasps and moans and laughs.
I looked behind me to find green covering any blue that was on me before. Elijah sat leaning back on his hands and threw his legs over me, partially covering me.
My heart pulsed in my ears. I felt like my vision blurred for a moment, and a hot searing emotion coursed through me. Omg, I was jealous others could see Elijah's delicious, huge cock right now! It was such a strong, ugly feeling. Is this how Elijah and Patt felt when they walked in and saw me?
Despite that, Elijah's naked proximity caused my dick to perk up. Elijah, the horndog, was relaxed, plump at baseline as always and completely uncaring of who saw. Oh no, my dick grew harder. And Harder. Elijah lightly brushed my side, sending shivers over my skin. I was rock hard now. I shifted my hips, hmmm! I moved against the mat again. Oh, I hope this didn't take much longer.
I hoped other people thought I was just trying to get more comfortable, but Elijah was familiar with my body. He knew how turned on he was making me. He settled his hand against my lower back, a reassuring presence, and pressed down when I tried to wiggle. He was right. I shouldn't rub my dick against anything as everyone watched!
I took big even breaths and tried to relax. I decided watching the painters might help. They were so focused on their work. Their concentration was calming. Until Elijah shifted and all my attention was back on him. My internal battle continued. It didn't help being able to feel so many strangers' eyes roaming my body.
Finally, our session was over. Once it was and people started moving around, I came back to reality, partially. I was careful to cover my front as I got up after Elijah. I returned his smile.
"Want to see what you looked like to us?" A girl at an easel called out.
"Sure," I replied.
My smiled slipped when I saw what she had drawn, though. She accentuated all my best features. She was able to show real feeling on my face, a mix between slight desperation, lazy confidence, and a naughty innocence. She had even added large black wings. I was a fallen angel.
She giggled. "So, what do you think?"
"Wow, thanks for showing me. I don't think I've ever seen myself like this. Would you mind sending me a picture of it later?"
"Of course!" We exchanged school emails, because I wanted a high-quality version of it.
"I want this, too, please," Patt stated in a strained voice. He gave his email too.
Elijah and Patt followed me around as I looked over people's shoulders at what they'd interpreted of me and Elijah. Some were more abstract, and some were more beautiful versions of us. Some focused on only one of my body parts, but my favorites were of me and Elijah together.
There was one where Elijah's cock was drawn to perfection. I roamed over it again and again.
Elijah laughed and whispered in my ear, "The real one is right here and all yours."
He's right! "Let's go to one of the rooms!" They technically wouldn't be open for guest use for another hour or so, but I thought Sal wouldn't mind too much. I chose the farthest one away and locked it behind us.
I jumped on Elijah, our naked bodies sliding against each other as our tongues tangled. Patt pulled me off Elijah and shoved his tongue down my throat roughly. Then he kissed all over my face and jaw and neck.
Through my half-lidded eyes, I asked, "Why is the room so dark? How are we supposed to see the paint?"
Patt laughed and pulled back. He did a lap around the room, finding the paint cans. With some effort, he took of the lid, and the paint glowed!
We huddled next to the cans on a wall with our reflection. Where did Sal get all these mirrors? It was a great touch. Compared the living room with mirrors interspersed for different angles, the mirrors here covered the entire wall.
I dipped my fingertip in paint and glided it over Elijah's chest. He was already shivering under my innocent touch. I remembered when we went hot tubing, he had said being naked made him horny. And now maybe also my naked proximity.
Patt smiled when he saw what I wrote. I did him next. As I did, he palmed my dick and thumbed my slit. I was rock hard. I gasped and struggled to finish, but I did.
Elijah growled.
I wrote my name on the chests of both men in capital bold letters.
"Damn, are you claiming us, babe?" Elijah looked feral. I nodded. I'd say he kissed me, but it was more like he consumed me.
When he pulled back, I dipped in the paint again. I painted a heart on Patt. Patt painted a pretty rose on my pec, part of it over my nipple, so he rubbed over my peaked nipple over and over again. His eyes lidded at my little gasps of pleasure. Elijah drew three stick figures holding hands on my thigh. I gave him another kiss for that. I loved their tantalizing hands on me, causing goosebumps to erupt on my skin, even though the room was warm. I painted between Elijah's ab grooves. He had glowing abs!
We all laughed. "You know what's up, babe," he said as he did muscle poses. His cock was sticking straight up and twitching for attention.
I ran my hand down Elijah's chest and abs, smearing all the paint, going for his hard thickness, but he stopped me by grabbing my wrist. I looked up questioning. I don't think Elijah has ever stopped or even slowed down anything sexual in his life.
"We've had a busy week and haven't gotten a chance to be alone since... Tuesday. Let's talk first."
"You want to talk? Now??" I reached for him again, and he stopped me again!
"Yes. Seriously. I saw red when I walked in and you were laid out naked for anyone, everyone to see. You looked so hot. So hot! But I hated it. I don't want that to happen again."
"I didn't like people seeing you either," I mumbled.
Patt interrupted, "And fucking Gary touched you!" The guys were so immature, always purposefully messing up his name. "He palmed your perfect ass!" He flipped me over and massaged my butt as if he could get rid of some phantom touch. Mhmmm it'd only been a few days, but I'd missed their touches so much!
"No, that was Sal! He did it for effect! I didn't even know Gale had the matching paint or whatever."
Patt slipped a finger between my cheeks. "You're not just saying that?"
"No! When have I ever lied to you guys?"
He begrudgingly accepted my explanation. I spread my legs, asking for his touch. He rubbed my hole. "Hmmm! Yeah!" Patt gripped one cheek spread firmly and spit on my hole. He was pushing against my fluttering hole, about to enter when Elijah interrupted!
"Patt, not now. I'm not done."
"Sorry, man. I got carried away." He pulled me back to a sitting position. My body was humming with tension.
What? They just got to decide how to position my body? When to touch me? Hmmm when to rub against me and enter me...
"Earth to Brycen!" Patt teased.
"Ughh! You're the ones who keep distracting me."
"I want to know you won't be with anyone else. That means no one touches you. No one looks at you." Elijah was still being stern.
I peaked at Patt.
He clarified, "I mean besides Patt. You, me, and Patt."
"Like friends with benefits?"
"No, not quite..."
"Look, I really enjoy what we've been doing. And, um, what we should be doing now, if you hadn't stopped us." I pouted mockingly. "But... I'm not going to put my life on hold for you guys." They were so killing the erotic mood. I knew there was a time clock on their gay explorations. I didn't want to think about this right now and shatter the good feeling fantasy I'd basically been experiencing with them.
"What does that mean?" Patt asked.
"I want to be wooed and have a real relationship. Just sex, no matter how amazing it is, after a while won't enough for me, so I can't make any promises." And it would eventually break my heart. I felt my lip tremble but hoped they didn't notice it in the dim lighting.
"We can do that."
"You... can?"
"Yeah."
"Yup."
"I don't want some pity flowers or dates. I want real ones."
"You like flowers?"
I blushed. That wasn't the point.
"Why wouldn't ours be real?" Patt sounded offended.
"Because you're straight!! I don't want fake friend dates!"
"Who said we're straight?" Elijah replied.
My mouth gaped open. "What?"
"I've been googling, and-"
"Again?" Patt groaned, unable to keep his reaction hidden.
Elijah punched him. "Shut up. I've been googling, and I think I'm gay for you."
"Duuude!" Patt laughed.
I couldn't hold my laughter either. "That's not a real sexuality! Well, at least I don't think so. That's a porn category! Elijaahhh, you're so ridiculous!" I couldn't stop. My eyes teared up from laughing at him. I think it was the ridiculousness of it tipping my emotions over the edge after trying to keep them in check for so long. Our laughter was contagious, and Elijah couldn't help joining in. We rolled around, trying to catch our breaths.
"Seriously," Elijah started again. "I can't find other guys attractive, but I like you on the inside and out. We're best friends, but I also think all the time about your little pink nipples and smooth dick and bouncy butt and tight hole, uh, you get the point. It doesn't freak me out at all. And it's like I don't think about girls or anyone else anymore. I'm gay for you, babe."
"Stop saying it like that!"
"If you believed me, I wouldn't have to say it."
Patt, ever the translator, added, "Whatever, I don't find other guys attractive, but I haven't decided on what to call it. I always want to be with you, and when I'm not, I'm thinking about you. Brycen, I'd love to take you out on a formal date." He gripped my waist, leaving a glowing smudge where he touched.
"Yeah, what he said," Elijah he grabbed my hand.
I looked between them. "Oh."
They both kissed me on my cheeks at the same time! "Oh!" I giggled uncontrollably. I hadn't had any alcohol yet, but I felt drunk on their affection. I had tried not to think about this as a possibility, because I really didn't believe they could feel that way. I was so happy. "I didn't know you guys were so sweet. And, for the record, you aren't allowed to touch or look at anyone else either!"
"We don't want to."
"Okay. Good. So can I suck your cocks now?"
They groaned. This time Patt stopped us, "Wait. What if one of us isn't there?"
"That's okay," Elijah answered as he started to jerk his cock. "It won't be more than a few days max between all of us getting together, like we regularly do, or maybe more frequently now. Plus, I don't get jealous when you touch him. I think it's hot. If I'm not around for it, you guys can tell me about it as I fuck Brycen later. Damn, that'll be such a turn on." He squeezed his fully erect cock tightly. "And I don't think I'd be able to keep my hands off Brycen."
"Angel, wipe the drool off your face." My hand went to my mouth, and Patt laughed. "I'm kidding," he kissed me briefly but forcefully. His hand slid down, fondling my dick as he did. "Okay, so we're officially exclusive. Fuck, yeah."
"Wow, I can't wrap my head around it." I said.
"There's something else you can wrap around..." Patt's hand jerked my dick a few more times then gripped the back of my neck, pulling me to his cock.
I engulfed him immediately. He was already leaking precome! I hummed in appreciation.
"Ahh!!" I choked on Patt's cock, because Elijah just thrust his fat tongue in my hole. Patt pulled me against him deeper by my hair until I was deep throating him, taking all of him.
"Fuck yeah! Fuck! Your mouth is the hottest thing ever! Ugghhh, look at you, my naughty angel, fuck! You were so hot out there. Made me crazy. Everyone out there wanted you like this, but- you're- ours!" He enunciated with hard thrusts down my throat.
In the excitement, Elijah pumped in and out of me faster. He paused to lick around my hole and bit my ass cheek then continued tongue fucking me, wetting and stretching me. Unintelligible, animalistic sounds filled the room.
I felt tremors wrack Patt's body. I doubled my efforts, but he suddenly pulled out and away from me, tugging his balls down. "We're just beginning."
I fell on my elbows, trying to catch my breath, but instead shouting at the intense pleasure Elijah's magical tongue invoked in me. When my body started shaking, a sign I was approaching the edge, he gave my hole and crack on last lick, and pulled my ass against his steel. He grinded against me.
He suddenly stopped. When I looked back, he was looking at our reflection. He pulled us to a standing position.
Patt got a new neon yellow paint, covered both his hands, and ran them down the entirety of my back, over my globes, and down my legs.
"Watch us in the mirror," Elijah directed me. Elijah pulled me tighter against him, shifting us, my front against his front. He palmed my bubble butt deliciously. I was putty in his hands. I followed his gaze looking over my shoulder. We looked so hot in the mirror! Our bodies were covered in glowing streaks of color. My lithe body pressed against Elijah as he ran his hands all over my back, mixing the paints. He jiggled and caressed my ass cheeks. I took my eyes off of his large, strong hands playing with me just long enough to see a sexy guy with his arms wrapped around Elijah's neck. His hair was slightly curled at the ends, streaked with color from Patt's grip during the blowjob, giving just enough of a part to see his face. His pupils were blown, face flushed, lips parted. He peaked over his shoulder like some sort of sex nymph. I was seeing myself in a new light this evening. My desire was so palpable, it would have been embarrassing if I didn't look so good in my desperation or if the guys weren't completely eating me up.
Patt joined and rotated us. Our bodies were pressed against each other, I could see my slightly thinner and shorter body sandwiched between them, our cocks and asses slid together. Elijah kissed my neck and Patt sucked my shoulder, the few areas left free of paint. I wish I could take a picture or record this or something!
Elijah found my lips and kissed me thoroughly. I reluctantly pulled away to keep watching our live porn show in the mirror. Wow! The room was slightly dimmed, but I could still make out their hungry facial expressions. Their hands were covered in paint, which left bright blacklight lit streaks of color across my skin everywhere they touched. And they touched everywhere. The view was soooo erotic. It just added to their sensual touches over my sides, my neck, my thighs. They moved me back and forth, turning me towards the mirror, so we could all watch as they marked me. Elijah stepped away briefly to a can of a new colored paint, a bright red that glowed, and tightly squeezed my stiff dick once. My breath left me. Patt held my weight up. I wanted to pump into his hand, but he released me just as quickly. Now, an obscene handprint like a ring covered my dick. It was an obvious mark, like the one on my ass. The guys groaned. Patt briefly cupped and rubbed my dickhead.
"Ahhh!!" My knees buckled, but they continued holding me firm. I was panting.
Elijah's face was mischievous as he used the same paint to tickle my nipples. My body muscles twitched with each brief caress. My dick jerked. The guys' eyes ate me up. My nipples were peaked and looked obscene highlighted in the bright color.
Patt's hand lightly gripped and squeezed my neck. When he lowered his hand back to my nipples, it left like a choker necklace or... a collar! My dick jerked.
They both paused, enjoying the view. Then, they were all over me. They crushed me from both sides, blocking my view and stealing my attention. They were a blur of body parts. Fingers were thrust in my mouth and ass. My nipples hurt almost too much from the roughness of them tweaking them, but I didn't want them to stop.
"Fuck me, please!!!" I got out somehow.
Elijah pulled away first and moved us on the ground again. "Patt, mouth or ass?"
"Mouth," he answered no hesitation. I didn't care as long as they filled me up!
"I have an idea. Lay on your back." Elijah directed.
Patt did. I crawled between his legs. Elijah brought my head onto Patt's cock, which I started suckling.
Patt moaned. He brushed my cheek and held my face.
"Ready, babe?" all the warning Elijah gave in advance of thrusting his large cock into me, jolting my body forward. He pulled my hips back. He brushed over my prostate erratically. I loved when they used my body how they wanted.
Patt straightened his legs down and turned me sideways, so we could see all of us fucking. Wow, what a hot scene!
Patt held the back of my head and pumped his hips up into me. I looked soooo hot gagging on him. I was a glowing, debauched rainbow on thick, muscled stones of men with matching glowing streaks. Like an abstract sculpture depicting modern Roman gods in a night club overtaken by a mortal's beauty and punishing him for it with their bodies. Since when did sex make me so imaginative.
I pushed and pulled to get them deeper, wanting to feel and see more. Patt's athletic legs flexed with each pump. His biceps strained moving my head for his pleasure. Elijah's balls hit the back of my thighs on every thrust. The sound echoed in the room, mixing with our sounds of pleasure.
It was messy. The paint, our sweat, my precome dripping everywhere.
My body started shaking again, and in synch they both paused. I whined. Why do they do this?! Sure, it heightened the pleasure and made it last longer, but I wanted to come! I glared at Patt.
He was breathless, muscles straining. Sweat dripped down his face and chest. At least he looked like he was struggling to stay still. "Fuck, Elijah, Brycen's glare is so hot! Ugh!" He slipped up and thrust into my mouth once, twice, then was able to pause again. He pulled my hair. I hummed around him, earning me gasps of his pleasure.
I squeezed my canal around Elijah's throbbing, hot cock in me. He grunted and spanked me. "Hmmh!" I squeezed again, and he spanked again. Elijah leaned over me to rub my nipples. Ooohh. My dick twitched and jerked in the air, and my ass fluttered. Elijah finally couldn't take it any longer and restarted his thrusts into me. Short thrusts, grinding against my prostate. My pleasure was building and building so high.
He pulled up again for purchase, digging his fingers into the slippery skin of my hips. He slid all the way out, his cockhead just teasing my entrance. I would've complained, if Patt wasn't stuffing me full. My mouth was sloppy and dripping now.
Elijah slammed in! He lifted one of my legs and thrust hard the full length of his cock on every stroke. I mewled. In the mirror, I was contorted into position by their holds. My dick bounced with their thrusts.
"Come for us." Elijah's hips stuttered. He shifted to rub against my prostate more fully. I tried to reach for my dick with one hand but couldn't hold balance. I needed both hands on the ground. I whined.
Patt shivered and pulled me down on himself a few more times, before holding me in place and jackhammering into my sloppy, wet mouth.
Elijah lifted my hips, my knees now off the ground! Omg! Hitting me inside amazingly!! The wet sounds of his thrusts echoed around us.
"Come for us, babe!!!"
My entire body constricted, I felt the pleasure like a damn breaking and rushing out. Omg! I was coming hands free! Spurt after spurt, my dick jerked.
I screamed on Patt's cock, triggering his release, and choked on his loads of salty sweet come. I swallowed almost all of it, some dripping out of the corners of my mouth. Adding to my pleasure, Elijah's hot come shot deep inside my canal. My body jerked again in response.
We collapsed on the floor, still shivering in the pleasure of aftershocks, dogpiled, much like our first time together. But this time, Patt was on the bottom, taking most of our weight.
Some of the paint dried. We were stuck together where our skin touched.
When our position became too uncomfortable, we moved, so I laid against Patt's chest, and Elijah's head was in my lap. We lazed around a bit. I painted swirls on the guys' bodies where I could reach.
I peaked at us in the mirror and started giggling, which set off the guys too. We were covered in paint everywhere. Like, really everywhere. I again had the urge to take a picture to capture the moment. I wanted to remember this moment forever.
Our peace was disturbed when someone knocked on the door.
"Maybe no one's in there."
"I know who it is." Sal's voice cut through, "Brycen, you and your hunky monkeys better get your asses out here right now! You've had plenty of time. The party is starting for the rest of us. Chop chop!"
"Damn," Elijah got up first.
"Is he always like this?" Patt tried to clean up some of the mess we made.
"Pretty much! But he was the one who gave me the idea to invite you guys, soooooo..."
"Alright, let's find some pants, see if we can help Sal with anything, then go home and cuddle," Elijah stated.
"Are you using cuddling as a euphemism?"
"No, I want to hold you skin to skin all night. If some more sex happens, that's great. But then we keep cuddling. Damn, do I sound cheesy?"
"No, you're whipped man," Patt.
"As if you're any better. 'Do you think Brycen is out of class yet? Elijah text him. I've texted him too much today. Brycen has the softest skin. Don't you just melt when he looks at you?'" We all turned a little pink as Elijah quoted Patt. Did they really talk about me with each other like that? They're so cute!
I ran up and gave Patt a big hug! "Get, in here," I opened an arm towards Elijah.
We had a group hug. A group naked hug. Which lead to more kissing, and-
"Brycen! I swear if you don't open this door right-" I begrudgingly slipped from between my men and unlocked it.
"We're done. Thank you! You're the best! The party is soooo cool. You thought of everything," I flattered him, hoping it'd turn his mood, though it was all true.
"I did, didn't I? Looks like you guys had fun in here." Sal quirked an eyebrow.
"Yeah..." I blushed.
"So, what can we help with?" Elijah asked.
"Well..." Sal's eyes lit up.
"But our pants stay on! As soon as we find them." Patt laughed out.
Sal had us walk around bare chested and socialize. He said having half naked attractive men added to the "atmosphere." We got to check out the rest of the fun rooms and ate hors d'oeuvres before going home and spending the night together.
It wasn't unlike the dozens of other times we had, but it felt different this time. Better. Warmer. Happier.