This is the tale of the sequence of events that occurred over time and changed the direction of my married life. To this day, I am still amazed at how things developed, and what my wife and I learned about each other along the way.
Ellen and I met in college and married three years ago as soon as we completed graduate school. She earned an MBA in finance and took a job with a multinational corporation in their treasury department, while I received a JD and began long hours as an associate with a large firm. Since both of us wanted to spend time together and establish our careers, we decided to put off starting a family. Like most young educated couples without children, we were making more money than we were worth, and were soon able to afford a nice home with a pool in a trendy neighborhood. We settled into a life of hard work and play with lots of dining out and entertainment centered around a close circle of friends.
Ellen is a 5'7" slender woman with shoulder-length brunette hair, long legs, and a killer behind. She has wonderful full lips, a flawless complexion and sweet C-cup breasts that sit high on her chest. She is quite stylish as well but tends towards the conservative in her choice of clothes, and I would often tease her that she looked like she stepped right out of the women's section of the Brooks Brothers catalog.
Like her choice in fashion, Ellen was a bit conservative towards sex. Although she enjoyed making love and was open to new positions and some play, I typically had to do the initiating. Similarly, when I tried to get her to open up about her fantasies, she would always tell me that she had none and quickly change the subject.
With her conservative attitude, you wouldn't have expected her to be highly competitive, but she could be over the top crazy at times. Whether it involved playing a hand of cards, a board game or softball, she very much wanted to win, almost needed to win. Our friends were well aware of this trait and several refused to play with her because she could make things so tense. Not surprisingly, she was very interested in following sports with professional baseball being her favorite. It was not uncommon to see her standing and screaming at the TV for her team to "get after it" when we were watching a game. In fact, it was a baseball game that started us down the strange path.
Ellen is a big Cubs fan even though she is not from Chicago nor to my knowledge had she ever visited. I accused her of being the typical preppy, following the trendy team of the moment. Of course, she denied this, and often we would end up in an animated exchange. Conversely, I am an Astros fan, having followed them my whole life, and coming up was a rare interleague three-game home-stand with the Cubs. We had purchased tickets for the Saturday and Sunday games, and even though the series was still several weeks away, the verbal jousting had already started. The Cubs were doing much better than the Astros, so Ellen was feeling confident, predicting a sweep, and demanding a wager. Truthfully, I didn't think my team had much of a chance to take the series, so I was deflecting her demands to bet.
The weekend before the series we were relaxing around the house recovering from a long work week. Ellen had decided to get some sun by the pool before it got too hot, and was reclining in a chaise lounge in her one-piece suit. I was inside channel surfing on the TV when, out of the corner of my eye, I noticed some movement near the back gate. It took several moments before it registered, that it was our lawn man, Hector. Because of our long work hours, one of our indulgences was yard help. We had signed Hector up about a month ago and he had been coming on Thursdays, however earlier in the week, he had called and asked if he could start coming on Saturday instead because he wanted to have his son help and he had a conflict with school. I had told him that it was fine and then promptly forgot about it. I knew Ellen would not be pleased as she was very self-conscious about being seen in swimsuits, despite her attractive body. Even with friends, she usually wore a t-shirt over her tame suits, so my thoughts immediately went to the apology I needed to have ready.
Hector and his son, who appeared to be about twenty, were several steps into the backyard when they first noticed my wife. They stopped and stared at her, and I suddenly felt my pulse quicken. Strangely, my dick began to stiffen as I watched them enjoy something of a voyeur moment. Even more surprising, I soon found myself hoping she would do something like touch her breasts or adjust her suit that would provide a little show. Unfortunately, before anything happened, Hector turned and pulled the mower through the gate which alerted her to their presence. Immediately, Ellen gathered her things and came into the house.
"Why is Hector here today," she demanded as soon as the door closed.
"He asked if he could change days. I said it was okay, but forgot to tell you. It's my fault. I'm sorry honey," I said, acting cowed.
Ellen accepted my explanation and then left to shower and change. We went about our day, but my reaction to what had occurred stayed with me and left me confused about what, to that point, had been a completely unknown interest. I felt strange, like I was some kind of weirdo, since after all, what husband wants other men looking at his wife with desire? I tried rationalizing it in numerous ways, but I knew I was just lying to myself.
That evening we were at dinner with half a bottle of wine consumed when we got on the subject of the upcoming ballgame. Ellen was in full competition mode, telling me that a sweep was inevitable and that she was going to have bragging rights soon.
"You know talk is cheap. Let's see if you will put your money where your mouth is," I blurted out in frustration.
I was tired of her superior attitude, and even though I didn't have much faith in the outcome, enough was enough.
"You got it, sweetheart. How much you want to go for?" she responded instantly, as I think she was a bit incredulous that I had acted so rashly.
"I don't know," I replied softly, now mentally kicking myself for losing my self-control.
After several seconds of silence, she smiled at me and said, "I don't want money. When I win, I want you to hand wash and wax my car every week for a month. Now, you propose your side."
"I can't think of anything," I said, hoping to worm out of it.
"Well, you better think of something quick. Remember, it was your idea, so don't try to weasel out now," she replied arrogantly.
Suddenly, it dawned on me what I wanted, but I was deathly afraid of saying it and bringing her wrath down upon me. However, as I sat there, she kept pushing for an answer certain that she had outfoxed me. Over and over she pushed, and when she reminded me with a laugh that I was the attorney and supposed to be a trained negotiator, I reached my limit.
"When I win, I want you to put on a sexy bikini and let Hector and his son catch you in the back yard," I said as deliberately as I could while forcing my eyes to stare straight into hers.
For one of the few times since I'd known her, she was speechless with a stunned and confused look on her face. She sat there staring at me while sipping her wine for what seemed like an eternity.
"Where did that come from?" she finally asked.
"That's my proposal," I said, not wanting to discuss it right then.
"You're a freak. You want men looking at your wife naked," she replied.
"I said in a bikini," I countered, seeking some defense.
"You said in a "sexy" bikini I believe," she clarified.
"Yes, that's my offer," I responded.
"No way, pick something else," she finally replied after a short pause.
"So, let me get this straight. A few minutes ago, you were laughing at me for proposing a wager and now it seems you are afraid of losing. What happened sweetheart? Not quite as sure of your Cubbies as you thought?" I said, forcing myself to laugh, and hoping to get her to react with emotion.
She stared quietly at me again and the seconds became a minute before she finally spoke, "You know what? I'm going to take your damn bet, and when you are out in the heat washing and waxing my car, I'm going to be laughing."
"We shall see," I replied meekly.
"Who picks the bikini out? How long do I have to stay?" she asked, now realizing there were details to consider.
"I pick out the bikini, and you stay until they leave the backyard," I shot back quickly.
She began to argue before I cut her off and said, "That's the deal. Take it or leave it."
Her reply was to kick me in the shin under the table.
It had been an interesting, but awkward exchange. However, one great aspect of Ellen is her inability to hold a grudge. We enjoyed the rest of the evening together and made love that night. She tried to get me to open up about what was going on in my head, but I wouldn't engage as my desires were not completely clear to me.
The series start finally arrived and we watched it on TV from the comfort of our living room. Unfortunately, the Cubs destroyed the Astros 6-1 which made my wife almost giddy, and very annoying. We were in the stands for the second game where the Astros had their best pitcher facing off against one of the Cubs' poorer starters. The Astros held on to win a 3-2 contest that set the stage for Sunday. In that game, it was the Cubs ace against weak Astros pitching. The Cubs were up 4-1 and cruising when the starter went cold and had to be pulled. The reliever for the Cubs gave up two runs quickly making them go deeper into the bullpen. Starting the 9th, it was still 4-3 Cubs, although things had become shaky. Ellen had gone from extreme confidence in the 3rd to nervous optimism. With one out in the bottom of the 9th, it was still 4-3 when the Astros cranked a two-run homer to win.
On the ride home, my wife was in shock. She went on a tirade about the Cub's manager blowing the game and the pitching ace being a jerk. I sat there listening with a tiny smile and a hard cock anticipating what was going to occur.
On Monday evening, I went shopping to search for the perfect bikini, but it took until Wednesday before I made a selection. It was a pale red color, and I thought it would be a great contrast to her hair and complexion. The bottom was connected with strings, and I thought it would leave about half her butt exposed. Also, I intentionally bought the top one size too small to make it a bit risqué. I didn't let Ellen see it before Saturday, and when she did, she tried to protest, but I cut her off. She is usually a good sport about her bets, and even though I knew she was pained inside to go through with it, she eventually resigned herself to her fate.
When I first saw her in the suit, I was a bit shocked and wondered if maybe I had gone too far, as it looked too racy, and was way outside her comfort zone. For a moment, I considered relenting, but my lust won out and I smiled at her and told her how incredible she looked. One thing I hadn't counted on was that the snug top forced her small nipples through the thin material and gave the appearance that she was aroused. Fifteen minutes before the scheduled arrival of the lawn men, I had her go out and set up. The pool had a stone apron around it, so she wouldn't have to move as Hector and his son worked. When she had reclined, I pulled a bottle of tanning oil from my pocket and covered her from head to toe. She gave me a strange look but said nothing, and I retreated inside to wait for father and son to arrive.
I watched them pull up through the window and start on the front yard. It was different than their normal process, which had always been backyard first, and now I was worried that the long wait might give Ellen time to get cold feet. Twenty minutes later, they finished and moved towards the back gate while I stepped quickly to a window to see their reaction when they spotted my wife her.
Hector's son was first through the entrance and he took only three steps inside before he froze. Ellen was about thirty feet away from his position, and the angle of her chair provided him a good view. Hector came up behind him and for what seemed like a full minute they stood and stared, while occasionally whispering back and forth. Finally, they moved into the backyard and started working, but their eyes would always return to Ellen. I'm sure they had expected her to get up and leave as she had before and were surprised but grateful when she stayed.
The mixture of oil and sweat on my wife's body made her glisten and gave her an exotic look. The small top forced some of her breasts to push out from underneath, and even from my distance, I could see the small bumps of her nipples. Typically, it took the men about twenty minutes to finish the backyard, but this time, after forty, they were still working. Every hedge was trimmed and the grass was clipped neatly around all the flower beds. Up to that point, nothing had been said, but now I saw Hector's son stop the clipping he was doing, and approach Ellen.
He appeared to be a little over six-foot-tall, and I watched as he boldly took off his shirt exposing his lean, muscled frame that let my wife know that he worked out often. Hector and his family had emigrated from Honduras, and they had the darker coloring typical of people that live along the Caribbean coast. His hair was cut very short and there looked to be a two-inch scar on his right bicep. Even though I had never met him, I sensed he had a serious demeanor as I never saw him smile. The young man was openly staring at my wife's body as they spoke, but Ellen was wearing big sunglasses so it was impossible to tell where her eyes were focused. However, as the conversation continued, I did notice that Ellen was moving her right leg slightly, indicating some nervousness. Soon, Hector moved next to the chaise lounge and joined the discussion. I guessed he was pushing fifty, but with the rough skin of people who make their living outside it was difficult to be certain. He was several inches shorter than his son, and probably forty pounds heavier, with a noticeable belly over his jeans.
As the conversation continued, I saw the men gesturing towards the rear of the yard where there was a lot of landscaping. Then, Hector's son extended his hand, helped Ellen to her feet, and the three of them moved to the spot while they continued to talk. It was clear to me they wanted to see her out of the lounge chair and used some gardening pretext to do so. She stood between them looking so damn hot with her oiled body that I half expected them to throw her onto the ground and take her. Instead, after a couple of minutes of discussion, Ellen started back to the chair and the men fell in behind with their eyes glued to her half-naked ass. They left soon after that, and as the gate closed behind them, Ellen jumped from the chair and came inside. She passed me without speaking and went straight to the shower where she stayed for almost an hour. After hearing the water shut off, it was another twenty minutes before she finally appeared in the living room in her robe.
"I hope you enjoyed that. It was humiliating," she announced while staring straight through me.
"Why Ellen? It was all in fun," I replied.
"Because they looked at me like meat. They were hard. They wanted to fuck me," she said loudly, using language that was extremely rare for her.
"Ellen, all men want you. Don't you realize that? You're sexy and beautiful. Every man you meet has those thoughts," I said trying to play to her ego.
She sat down next to me, snuggled close, and asked, "Do you love me?"
"Are you crazy? I adore you," I replied instantly.
"Why did you want me to do that then? I thought you were trying to give me away," she answered acting very vulnerable.
"I don't know Ellen. Something about it was very interesting," I replied.
"You're a weirdo," she declared.
"Maybe I am, but I'm your weirdo," I answered with a grin.
After the encounter, we quickly returned to our normal life in most ways. Ellen went back to one-piece suits and conservative dress. Her competitiveness stayed intact, and for the next few months, we enjoyed the summer doing things together while making the odd wager, although I stayed away from the voyeurism. In one area though, things did change, as our lovemaking became more frequent and passionate. I don't know whether it was the backyard scene that had awakened something in us, and in truth, I didn't care.
It was in late July when the next episode came to pass. I had been losing all our little wagers for some time and had spent the last month essentially being my wife's slave. I cleaned the house, cars, toilets, you name it, while also buying her clothes and letting her pick out our dining spots. It was starting to annoy me, but Ellen was on a roll, and on top of that, she was beginning to rub it in even more than normal.
One night, we got into a big argument over an arcane accounting rule and how it should be applied. Ellen kept reminding me she was the finance MBA, and it was her area of expertise, but I was certain she was wrong.
"Well, then what are you willing to bet? But be careful you haven't had a win in a long time!" she said condescendingly.
She really knew how to push my buttons and could be ruthless in doing so.
I sat for a long time staring at her and thinking before I finally said curtly, "Thong in the backyard with the lawn men."
"Well I wondered when you'd come back to it," she said shaking her head, and then added, "I guess I will have to think of something appropriate when I win."
Ellen sipped on her glass of wine without talking until she had finished it and then got a refill and finished that one too. I remained silent, wanting to make her respond, although I was becoming quite nervous.
"Okay, if I win, I want a new BMW," she finally said.
"Well, that seems a bit disproportionate!" I declared.
"That's the price for showing your wife naked to other men. Take it or leave it," she said, with her smile indicating the answer she expected.
"Okay," I said, sighing and making a mental note to let her go first in the future.
I rationalized that she was due for a new car as hers was well out of warranty, so I wasn't giving up as much as it seemed. The next day we did the research. Thank God, I won.
The thong was leopard print, and this time I picked it out one size too small, top and bottom. In it, she provided a lovely view of her nipples and a perfectly formed camel toe. Ellen was not pleased when she looked at herself in the mirror and accused me of not playing fair. I reminded her that this was versus a new car, so it seemed very fair to me. She didn't see the humor or logic in my statement and just fixed me with a cold stare. As before, I rubbed her down with oil before she settled in the lounge chair, and I told her that this time I wanted her to be on her stomach when they arrived and then turn over after fifteen minutes.
When I saw their truck arrive, I went out front and chatted with the men and learned that Hector's son was named Ruben. I told them that I was going to run errands and that Ellen was inside resting if they needed anything. Then, I made sure I kept them occupied for fifteen minutes so they would think Ellen had gone outside after I left. I got in my car and drove around the corner and watched until they finished the front then raced back on foot and quietly let myself in.
Ruben was already talking to my wife when I arrived at the window. He was standing over her staring at her ass while he spoke, and her tiny suit was wedged into her butt crack which left almost all of her nicely exposed. She had her arms crossed and her head turned in the young man's direction as they chatted, and I wished I could hear what they were talking about. All the while, Hector worked mowing the grass while periodically giving concerned glances towards his son.
This time, Ruben was in loose shorts instead of jeans, but like before, while they talked, he took off his shirt. He seemed emboldened, which I assumed was driven by a combination of the thong, my leaving, and his belief based on my comments that she was supposed to be inside. I'm sure in his head this meant Ellen was a willing woman wanting attention.
As he continued talking to her, a bulge began to form in his shorts and I knew he was getting an erection. If Ellen was paying any attention at all, then she had to see it too, and while exciting to witness, I knew I would catch hell later. Still standing next to her, the young man picked up the bottle of oil and start playing with, tossing it back and forth between his hands. Then he stopped, looked at the bottle for several seconds, opened it and squirted a stream over Ellen's shoulders and back. She instantly rose on her elbows, turned her head and said something that made him quickly back away. I expected her to jump up and come inside, but instead, she stared at the back of the house for several seconds before laying back down.
Ruben had been scolded, and he set the bottle of oil on the ground and went back to work. My wife remained on display to the men, fulfilling her bet despite the aggressive move by the young man. Soon, she turned over onto her back as we had agreed which showed her breasts and protruding mound.
Despite the rebuke, Ruben didn't stray far and continued to enjoy the view she was offering. Hector was doing most of the work, but even he made sure that his movements occasionally brought him close. The small suit highlighted Ellen's sexuality and acted as a continuous beacon for their attention. Finally, the men finished and reluctantly left Ellen alone in the back yard. Immediately, she got up from her chair, grabbed her things and strode to the door.
I was standing right inside when she walked in which made her stop.
"Are you happy?" she asked flatly.
"I thought it was awesome," I told her, not wanting to be put on the defensive.
"Well good. A stranger almost had his hands on me!" she said, and the tone in her voice indicated she was both exasperated and nervous.
"Well, you shot him down pretty fast. I think he got the message," I said, trying to add some humor, which didn't work at all.
Unfortunately, no further wagers were made that provided me the opportunity to exhibit Ellen again before fall arrived. It was disappointing, as I had truly enjoyed the encounters, but with our busy schedules, there wasn't much time to reflect. On occasion, late at night with Ellen purring softly next to me, I would stare up at the ceiling and replay the events. At first, I was reluctant to be completely honest and told myself that it was just my wife's exhibition that I found exciting. It was certainly true that I loved showing her off, but there was more involved and it frightened me. The reality was that I held an outrageous vision of one or both of the men pushing my wife's scant garment aside and pawing her hot body. In my scenario, she was writhing from their touch with her excitement driven ever higher. Of course, I had to question my sanity as well as my sexual health, and it was certainly something I would struggle to share with Ellen.
"I just want you to remember what we talked about. I intend to have a good time, so no judgment!" Ellen stated.
I took her words to be a sign of excitement, as she had been relentless in delivering the same message since we started planning the vacation. In truth, I couldn't fault her for wanting to twist off some since she had been dealing with numerous issues at work for the past few months.
"I know honey...I know. I promise I will let you get as drunk as you want," I replied playfully.
"Yes, and baby me when I have a hangover," she giggled.
We had decided to make Antigua our destination after doing some research. It was late January, and we planned to depart on a Tuesday and return Sunday which would give us four full days. It wasn't the easiest place to get to, but in a certain way, that was part of the draw. Since we're not the resort types, we had located a home to rent on a hillside, overlooking the water, that had its own small pool. Also, there was an outstanding beach that was within walking distance, and enough restaurants close by to keep us entertained.
The morning of our departure we were up early to catch our flight, and one-stop and eight hours later we were pulling up to the terminal. From there, we made an easy pass through customs, rented a small SUV and set off for the house. We stopped off at the real estate office and Hayley, our agent, followed us over. After getting a tour, and providing us with instructions and tips on the area, she left just as sundown approached.
"I'm fading fast," Ellen announced.
"Me too. Want to run to the restaurant down the road she recommended then go to bed?" I asked.
It was a quick trip down and back, and an hour later we were curled up in the king-size bed drifting quickly to sleep. We were up early the next morning, eager to experience the water and sun, and by nine we had hiked the quarter-mile to the beach that we found almost deserted. Quickly, the towels were out and Ellen was pulling her cover off which unfortunately revealed a stylish, but rather tame bikini.
"I thought you were going to go crazy?" I teased.
"Really? You don't like?" she countered sarcastically.
"It just seems...I don't know...maybe a bit plain," I said.
"Plain?" she replied, drawing the word out.
The look she gave me indicated that she was somewhat offended by my words, so I retreated and fell back onto my towel in silence. Ellen did the same but was soon chatting away having forgotten about what I said. We spent the next few hours cavorting on the beach, swimming and just relaxing, then decided to grab lunch.
"There was a bistro down the road and I think a grocery store too," she said as we headed back.
"Yeah, that makes sense. Let's get something to eat then stock up," I responded.
When we got back to the house, we merely tossed our things on the washing machine then jumped into the SUV. Five minutes later, we were pulling up to the cafe where we grabbed a light snack then headed over to the store. We filled our cart with mostly drinks, snacks and breakfast stuff, as we didn't want to do much cooking.
"Stop at that beach store up ahead," my wife requested as we pulled away from the grocer.
"What are we missing?" I asked, wondering what she needed.
"Just pull in," she said, ignoring my question.
"Should I wait here?" I asked, intending to stay in the car if she was just going to grab something.
"Sure," she answered without elaborating, then left me.
Fifteen minutes later, when she hadn't returned, I turned off the engine and headed inside to see what she was up to. I spotted her in the back of the small store, talking with a salesgirl with a bikini in her hand, and instantly a smile came to my face.
"I was wondering what was keeping you," I said when she saw me approaching.
"Well, you said my suit was plain," she answered with a little grin.
The idea that she might get something sexier had my mind spinning with hope, and when I saw a teal green bikini that looked very small in the clerk's hand, I had to fight back a smile.
"Do you want to try it on?" the young black girl asked.
"I think so," she answered, and shot a glance my way.
The girl handed her the suit and she disappeared into the changing area. For the next few minutes, I chatted with the clerk trying to keep my anticipation hidden. However, it was apparent she sensed my condition because a knowing smile appeared on her face. Finally, Ellen appeared through the curtain and it took willpower to hold back the excited reaction that swept through my body.
The suit was indeed quite small, and while not a thong, it was still daring, and reminded me of the one she had secretly worn for Hector and Ruben. The bottom had strings that left her hips exposed and the front rode low on her taut tummy, while the top only covered the outer half of her breasts with the edge of the material tantalizingly close to her nipples. The salesgirl directed her to turn and when she did, we could see that a good part of her rear was showing.
"Very sexy," the black girl said which I appreciated since my mouth was bone dry.
"Not too much?" she asked.
"No, it shows how sexy you are," she responded, and I nodded my agreement.
"Honey? This one or this one?" Ellen asked picking up a red suit from a table.
I couldn't imagine that it would be any better than what I was seeing, and certainly didn't want to risk her changing her mind, so I pointed towards her.
"I like what you're wearing," I said.
The salesgirl took the tag from the suit and rang it up while my wife changed. Soon, we were out the door and headed towards the rental house.
"I'm not going to wear it to the beach, just the pool," she declared, which instantly disappointed me.
"Ok, honey," I replied, deciding to play it slow.
I was at the pool ten minutes after we arrived, although it took Ellen another thirty before she finally appeared. When she did, she took the lounge chair next to me and lay face down giving me an incredible view of her firm ass. Looking at it protrude from the material, I felt almost like a voyeur, seeing it for the first time, and couldn't help but wonder if our yardmen had the same reaction. It wasn't long before tiny beads of sweat formed, which only made her appear more alluring.
"What are you looking at?" my wife asked, seeing my gaze.
"The most amazing butt in the world. From now on, only suits like this one," I declared.
"Oh, you think so? Not likely! This is my wild vacation indulgence," she announced.
"Well, it will be good to have at home for the next time you lose a bet," I said with a laugh.
"You're not funny. Besides, I don't plan to lose again," she replied, trying but failing to pretend she was annoyed.
For the next few hours, we enjoyed the sun and occasionally jumped into the pool. It was during one of our swims that I backed her against the wall and began kissing her lips and neck until she started to purr. Then, my hand snaked into her small top, and surprisingly she let me fondle her breast and tease her nipple, in broad daylight. In reality, it was unlikely anyone would be around to witness my groping, but it was still a nice departure from the norm. The brief encounter left me energized, but for some reason, rather than running to the bedroom, another thought rushed into my head.
"Let's go to the beach," I suggested, trying not to sound too eager.
"Not like this," she replied quickly.
"Where did all the craziness go? I thought you put me on notice to be ready?" I pushed.
Since she had purchased the new suit based upon my remark, I decided to try and use her own words to manipulate her. Of course, she easily saw through my weak attempt.
"That was about getting drunk, not cavorting around naked," she responded with a roll of her eyes.
"I'll make you a drink to take," I replied while trying not to smirk.
She looked at me for a long time with a serious expression, and just when I was about to breakdown and beg for forgiveness she said, "Make it a double."
One of the hardest things I ever did was walk slowly and attempt to appear nonchalant as I made my way into the house. The liquor spilled from my shaking hands more than once, but a few minutes later I was back with a strong rum drink in a plastic cup and some more in a water bottle I had emptied then filled with the mixture. Ellen slipped on her sandals and the t-shirt she had worn as a cover, and holding hands we set off for the beach.
We got there uneventfully, save for the car horn that blared as we walked a short distance along the main road, and found upon arriving that it was now much more crowded. I directed her towards the water to force her out of the cover and to hide my rapidly growing erection and was pleased when she didn't protest. When we were chest deep, she let me pull her close and kiss her in clear sight of the beach. I could taste the alcohol in her mouth, and when we broke, I looked at her and saw she had a mischievous grin.
"What?" I asked.
"Are you having fun?" she replied.
"Of course, are you?" I countered.
"I'm getting there, but I need more to drink," she said, although I knew she was playing.
"We have plenty, so don't hold back," I told her.
"Let's go back and make love," she answered.
Now, I knew that she was just as excited as me, but I wasn't done with the beach yet, so I said, "Let's walk down to the point and back first."
"Uncovered?" she asked with a knowing smile.
"Yes," I managed to croak out.
Ellen let me lead her out of the water, and after gathering our things, we ambled along the waterline. I caught numerous stares from both men and women and by the time we were through I was practically shaking from the adventure and the anticipation of my wife in bed. I sensed that she was in a similar state, and as we made our way back, each step seemed to heighten the tension.
"Finally!" Ellen let out when we were in the door.
Instantly, I backed her against the wall and my mouth found hers while my hand went to her breasts. We locked in a deep, passionate kiss that went on for minutes before we broke, both of us with fire in our eyes.
"Take me to bed," she demanded.
I did as I was instructed, guiding her before me while enjoying the movement of her ass along the way. She quickly went to work on her bikini, while I did the same with my suit, and seconds later we were naked in bed, back in an embrace.
"Uhhhh...ohhhhh..." she gasped when my fingers split her delicate folds.
She was nicely wet, and the implied message that she had once again become aroused with her exhibitionism fueled my lust. My mouth went to one of her tiny nipples and sucked eagerly as she squirmed.
"You are so hot," I said, breaking to look at her and seeing that she appeared almost out of control.
"Come on, I'm ready," she declared and used her hands to try to pull me onto her.
I followed her lead and easily pushed my dick inside until our bodies met. For just an instant, our eyes locked and then we started to move. Ellen was completely engaged, more so than I could ever recall, and I knew her arousal would make the lovemaking special. As soon as we started moving, she wrapped her arms around me, pulling me close, as she serenaded me with her mews of pleasure. I took her slow to start, delighted to feel her hips roll into me which forced my dick to drive in deeply. My sounds of pleasure quickly joined hers, and as we built towards a crescendo it felt like our bodies had merged into one.
It would have been heavenly to go on for hours, to stay in this special place of sharing and unspoken understanding, but my body was sending signals that I would last long. Fortunately, I sensed that she was in a similar condition and it was only minutes later that she released, with me holding off through gritted teeth just long enough to see her through.
The intense lovemaking left us completely exhausted and in the aftermath, I only had the strength to pull a blanket over us. We cuddled for a bit but it wasn't long before we drifted off. However, when I awoke an hour, my mind quickly began churning with thoughts about causes and effects which left me antsy.
"Let's go exploring," I suggested when I saw Ellen's eyes open.
"I was so relaxed," she replied, pretending to be irritated.
"Well, you can stay and rest," I teased, knowing she would never do that.
"Yeah, right. Let me jump in the shower first," she answered.
Slowly, she rose and her sexy body moved towards the bathroom. I waited until the shower had been running for a few minutes, then joined her. She had her back to me and was washing her hair, but hearing me enter, she started to giggle. I used my hands on her body to help wash her which soon had her butt pushing against my rapidly expanding dick. We were almost at the point of starting another round of lovemaking when I left her and received a squeal of distress as I exited.
"That was mean," she said when she emerged.
"Sweetie, we can't do it all day," I replied fighting back a smile.
"Really? I thought that's what you always wanted," she countered.
"Not on vacation," I responded sarcastically, which made her roll her eyes.
Soon, we were ready to leave and we climbed into the SUV with no real plan. Ellen was dressed in mid-thigh khaki shorts and a short-sleeved button shirt, with her hair still damp. Maybe it was the aftermath of our lovemaking, but I thought that even now she looked amazingly sexy.
"Where to?" she asked as we left the property.
"Left," I replied.
Other than knowing the direction led to a less developed area, I had no details or ideas about what to do. Rather, the intent was just to drive and explore. The road stayed on the coast, and for the next twenty minutes, we were treated to great views of the sea and beaches, along with some spectacular homes. Then, the road left the shore, and soon only the homes and businesses of the local population were evident. We were just about to turn around when we drove over a small rise and suddenly before us was a small town built around a quiet harbor.
"Quaint," my wife offered, responding to the view.
We drove slowly through the village and saw that it was somewhat poor and rundown. There was a small port in the center, with a very well-constructed pier, which suggested that at one time there must have been a more established purpose to the town. Now, rather than the large, expensive yachts that filled the water in other parts of the island, here only small beat-up fishing boats bobbed. We were headed back when I spotted a structure on a small point overlooking the water with a long dirt road leading to it. A weathered sign had the name Ike's Bar, although it wasn't completely clear whether it referred to the building we were looking at.
"How about a drink?" I asked, smiling at Ellen.
"Here?" she replied, showing some trepidation.
It certainly wasn't the type of place we normally frequented, and if it held to expectations, I knew I would be a dive. Still, we were on vacation and up for adventures, so I pressed.
"Let's check it out. One drink," I said, and received her nod.
Driving slowly, we made our way down the potholed road and pulled up next to several older model cars. On closer inspection, we could see it was a concrete structure that looked like at one time it had been a large restaurant overlooking the water, although now the outdoor patio was devoid of furniture and the large windows were quite dirty. Ellen gave me another unsure look, but opened her door and met me in front of the SUV, where together we climbed the steps and entered through a weathered door.
Fortunately, inside was a bit better. The dining area had been blocked off and only the original lounge area was being used. A long, wooden bar with the standard nautical theme ran along the back wall, and several large windows faced the harbor, so the view was interesting. There were twelve stools at the bar, and a dozen or so small tables scattered in an area that I guessed was a thousand square feet. Two patrons were sitting on the stools and four others were at tables. A large, fortyish looking black man was bartending and standing at the drink station was an attractive young local girl with an infectious smile. It was clear that Ike's was not a spot typically frequented by tourists and we felt all eyes upon us. My wife and I made brief eye contact then moved to the end of the bar opposite the others.
"What will you have?" the bartender said in the standard lilting island voice.
"What are the specials?" my wife asked, referring to a chalkboard where it said they were available at a good price.
"Today, it's rum and coconut water or rum punch," the man responded.
Ellen went with the rum punch, while I chose a local beer, and soon we had the drinks in front of us. It seemed a bit surreal that he treated us like just another customer, and looking around, it now seemed everyone had lost interest.
"Wow! Strong," my wife gasped.
"Just what you wanted," I teased, which made her giggle.
We were about halfway through the drinks when the bartender turned on a small TV that was on a shelf behind the bar. Fiddling with the remote, he flicked through channels until he stopped on a soccer match that was just getting started. It involved two teams that had no apparent ties to the Caribbean, so I asked about it when he wandered by.
"Is one of them your team?" I asked.
"No, it's just all that's on," he replied and started to chuckle.
"REAL will win easily," my wife stated with an air of confidence.
Ellen played soccer throughout her school years and had a scholarship to a lower level college, but decided to move on with her life. Even so, she viewed herself as an expert, which could be annoying at times.
"Lady, I must say you are wrong...quite wrong," the black man replied, showing equal confidence.
That started a good-natured give and take, and I think the local man was impressed with my wife's knowledge. Still, he held his ground while receiving some shots from her along the way.
"Maybe we should make a bet," my wife stated, unwilling to back down or merely let it go.
"You are interested in wagering? What wager would you suggest?" the bartender replied, showing interest.
"How about a free drink for every goal," she suggested.
I had to admit I was enjoying seeing my wife so animated as it seemed to be in keeping with the spirit of our vacation. Plus, I thought if she got liquored up, I might enjoy a repeat performance of our afternoon of sex.
"And if I win? I have a bar, but I don't drink," the man laughed.
"I don't know, pick something," my wife responded, clearly feeling she was in control.
The man became silent as he thought and I watched as he looked at me several times before he spoke, "In my case, for every goal, you will undo a button on your shirt."
The stunned look on my wife's face made the man laugh openly, and even I had to admit her reaction was comical. Still, even with everything that had occurred in our backyard, I knew this was way outside her comfort zone, so I expected her to decline, which she did.
"They're going to win," she declared again, as the man moved away.
"No," he replied with his back to her.
"They are," she said, looking at me.
"Okay, honey," I said, and even though I didn't mean to, I knew it came across as dismissive.
She gave me a withering look and for the next few minutes, I watched her stew. It seemed the bartender's challenge of her view and my words, made her unsettled. Hoping that another drink might calm her, I ordered one from the man when he passed. A few minutes later, he delivered another glass to my wife, but this time it was garnished with fruit and a tiny umbrella. The message to her was clear and it did not sit well.
"Okay, you're on," she said, then immediately a worried look hit her face.
"Good, I'm looking forward to it," he declared.
I quickly turned to look at my wife's blouse, wondering what the risk might be, and saw that it had six buttons, although the top one was already undone. Now, I view soccer to be about exciting as watching grass grow, and with scores often ending in 0-0 ties, the risk seemed quite small. In fact, I thought it might work to my advantage by getting her keyed up.
It was only a few minutes later that her team scored a goal, and the bartender dutifully delivered a fresh drink to go with the half-finished one in front of her. This one lacked any of the tourist garnishment and I knew it was meant as a show of respect towards Ellen for taking the bet. She gloated, a bit too much I thought, because just a few minutes after that, the opposing team scored and the black man walked over to watch her undo the button. This brought a bit of her sheer bra into view, and it also drew the attention of the other customers, as well as the waitress.
I could see that Ellen had become much more fidgety and the second drink was soon gone. She was now totally focused on the TV as if her attention could somehow will her team along. Just before the break, the other team scored again making it 2-1 and Ellen undid another button which brought the center of her bra into view as well as some of each cup. Her exposure was helped by the snug fit of the blouse that pulled away slightly as each clasp was freed.
The bartender took a long, unashamed look and it was then that he introduced himself, explaining that he was indeed Ike. Also, three of the men rose from where they were seated and moved so they could get a look which made my wife blush deeply. Things certainly weren't going as she had planned, and I started to think of ways we could get out of the bet. Likely, it would take some cash, and when I noticed she was well into her third drink I broached the subject.
"You want to leave?" I whispered, thinking I was being gallant.
"No, it's a bet. Plus, I'm feeling confident things will change," she replied.
The second half started slowly, and a good thirty minutes had been played before the opposing team scored again making it 3-1. This time, I noticed Ellen's hand shaking as she reached for the button, and when it was released, the garment ballooned open even more. I knew her nipples would be visible through the thin material of her bra, but so far, they had not come into view. Like before, the bartender took a good look, this time smiling broadly, and all the male patrons, which had grown to nine, came by for a view, with one older man taking a seat at the bar one stool away.
I tried to converse with her but her words were stilted, so I nodded to the bartender to bring her a drink as it seemed her team wasn't going to keep her supplied. She immediately sipped on it and was almost finished when, with four minutes left, another goal was scored making it 4-1. Ellen looked at me and I could tell she was extremely nervous, but her hand lowered, found the button and it was released. Instantly, her left nipple sprung into view and I could see that it was erect. When she saw it, her hands moved to adjust the material, but the black man's command stopped her.
"No," Ike demanded, and surprisingly after a brief hesitation, she let her hands fall,
The men once again came over to look and I could see her neck and chest was blushing a deep red that was noticeable even through the beginnings of her tan. Several even made appreciative comments that only added to the bizarre scene. The man on the stool next to her had his eyes locked on the opening, and Ike, anticipating his move stepped over just in time to slap his hand away when he tried to reach over.
"No, Henry, you be still," he instructed the wrinkled man.
I realized my cock was completely hard as I witnessed the events. In truth, it wasn't that much more than what she would show at the beach, and in that situation, she would be wearing the small bottoms rather than her shorts. However, this scene was different, as the control of the bartender provided an erotic, taboo element.
"Baby?" I whispered, not wanting to be called out for lack of support later.
"It's almost over," she replied without looking at me.
It ended 4-1 with the opposing team missing a late goal by inches that would have forced the last button to be freed. The announcers were describing it as a rout, and the timing seemed very bizarre indeed.
With a last look at Ike and a mutual nod, my wife buttoned up just as he brought her another drink. She only took a few sips before we headed for the door, enduring the big grins on the faces of the locals as we left. Once in the car, I pulled her across the console and kissed her hard.
"You okay?" I asked.
"You better never call me a prude...ever!" she said and gave out a nervous laugh.
I had never called her a prude, although I had alluded to it, and I was quick to reply, "Nope...never."
I think I was more on edge driving back than Ellen. Whether it was the drinks she had consumed or the loss of adrenaline, she sunk into the seat, which made me wonder if she would be in the mood for sex when we arrived at the house.
"Are you upset with me," she asked as soon as we were in the door.
"Upset? No, not at all, sweetie," I replied in a reassuring voice.
"Okay, I thought you might get mad...think I went too far," she spoke softly.
I took her in my arms and hugged her then whispered into her ear, "I'm not upset at all. I'm proud of you. That was sexy as hell."
"Really?" she asked.
"Really! I loved it. Now, let's get in bed," I demanded.
For the second time that day, I was treated to the flood of juices pouring from my wife's pussy, and just like the walk on the beach, I knew she had been made aroused through her exhibition. This time, I brought my mouth to her opening and lapped eagerly, knowing that I wouldn't last long inside her. It only took seconds for her to begin to respond, and it wasn't long before she was whining loudly with her legs lewdly spread and her hands on my head directing my efforts.
Her orgasm was powerful and I had to work to maintain contact with my tongue as her body thrashed. Then, she was pulling on my shoulders and I was quickly inside, prolonging her release, and staring into her excited, yet vulnerable, face. My climax came fast and in a series of strong, deep thrusts my semen jetted into her leaving me completely spent. Sprawled over her body, I took deep breaths as her hand slowly played with my hair.
"I love you," she whispered.
"Mmmm...I love you more," I replied, and her arms squeezed me tightly.
Later that night, I awoke to find her playing with my dick and we connected again, this time with slow, sensual lovemaking. She didn't orgasm but held me close as I did for the second time. As I was drifting off with her in my arms, I knew that there were now enough dots, enough data points, to indicate that my wife could be sexually adventurous under the right circumstances. The question I couldn't answer was how to bring it to the surface so we could discuss it. If I couldn't find a way, then we would likely just occasionally find ourselves in an interesting situation that might turn fruitful. It was a path, but not one that could be relied upon, and after the encounter with Ike, I knew I wanted more.
The rest of the vacation was uneventful, save for Ellen removing her top in the privacy of our pool the following day. It didn't take much cajoling to get her to agree which I took as another positive sign, and after several strong drinks, I almost gathered the courage to initiate a discussion about my thoughts and her reactions. However, I just couldn't force myself to take the final step.
Waiting at the airport for our connection on the flight back, a sudden thought hit me and I grabbed my phone. After a brief search, I confirmed that the soccer match Ellen had bet on had already been played and Ike was no doubt aware of the outcome. I should have guessed it giving the time difference, but missed it with the liquor flowing. I had a brief giggle as I thought about the situation and whether I would have said anything to my wife. I decided to keep it to myself for the time being as it would only upset a good memory.
"I wish you had sunbathed topless more. You could have lost the rest of the white," I teased Ellen as we cuddled on the couch.
We had returned from our vacation the week before and quickly settled into our normal routine. That evening, we had met friends for dinner and described the trip, skirting around the racier details. Neither of us was feeling any pain, and I had removed her top and was slowly fondling her breasts.
"Mmmm...I should have," she sighed, as she looked at me with an impish grin.
"Yeah..." I answered and took a nipple between my lips.
It wasn't long before I led her to our bed where I took off the rest of her things and then my own. With her spread across the comforter, I moved my head between her legs and started to slowly lap at her juicy opening. I had barely started when Ellen began to pull on my shoulders indicating that she was ready for more, but I was enjoying her taste and wanted to continue. She often experienced monster orgasms from oral sex, and although I wasn't sure she could be still long enough, I knew if nothing else she would get wildly aroused.
"Come on, I'm ready..." she pleaded.
"Be patient...think of your guy..." I replied.
I wondered if she would realize what I meant, but she answered that question when she swatted me on the head and said, "Which one?"
Her response piqued my interest, and suddenly I wanted to be able to communicate, so I moved over her body and pushed inside her dripping slit.
"Damn..." I gasped from the incredible feeling.
"You like that?" she whispered into my ear.
"Yeah..." I moaned, and then feeling excited, I added, "You've been showing yourself."
"Yeah..." she replied simply, and since it wasn't the answer I anticipated, I wondered whether she was even aware of my words.
"The yardmen...and Ike," I offered, seeking to gauge our connection.
"It wasn't that bad," she answered, letting me know she was with me on the conversation.
I realized we were now stepping slowly into the realm of my strange desires and I felt a sudden sense of trepidation, wondering when she might react negatively. Seconds went by as I thought through how to proceed and several times I decided to back off, but something kept drawing me back.
"They all got you horny," I probed.
"No, they didn't...stop it," she replied with some playfulness.
"Yeah, especially Ike," I said, now getting specific.
The interaction with him had been somewhat personal while the others were essentially detached voyeurs. Plus, it was quite true that the sex after our visit to the local bar had been incredible with Ellen waking me for more in the middle of the night.
"Stop..." she said again, but at the same time, I felt her legs close on my waist.
It was a key moment, and one that should have taken some thought, but I was so worked up that I only paused for a moment before I pushed even more.
"I wanted you to lose," I whispered.
A little gasp came from her and I prepared for the worst, but a few seconds later she replied, "Why?"
"So, he would see you," I said.
"He did see me," she answered, this time without a pause.
"Not much...not enough," I responded, as I pushed inside, forcing more groans, and then suddenly more was coming from my mouth, "I wanted him to get your shirt off...and see you...see your breasts."
"You're crazy," she answered in a way that made me think she felt I was kidding. However, after just a short pause, she added, "Why?"
It was my turn to pause for several seconds before I responded, "It would have been so hot."
We continued in silence for several seconds, and then Ellen's body became stiff and she took my head in her hands as our movements stopped. She stared up at me, causing me to feel intensely guilty before she spoke.
"What's in your head?" she demanded, and when I didn't immediately answer, she added, "Something is and it's been going on for a while. Back to last summer and Hector and Ruben."
"You won't like it," I forced out.
"Try me," she challenged.
"I...I don't know how to explain it. It's so awkward...I guess I just like...seeing you...seeing the reaction you get..." I stammered.
Again, there was some silence before she asked, "But, you want more..."
"Maybe..." I croaked.
"Tell me," she said in a purposeful voice that lacked anger.
"Maybe some more...maybe seeing your breasts...you know..." I replied.
"And? Tell me it all," she pushed.
"The rest...it's not real...just...some visions that pop into my head," I said, now very nervous.
"Tell me about them...what's happening?" she replied.
"I guess...you know...the yardmen have your suit off and they're touching you...and you're...uhhh...enjoying it," I answered preparing for her angry response.
"And Ike?" she asked.
"Uhhh...he's holding your breasts...and...then the others..." I stumbled.
"The other men in the bar, too?" she clarified, and when I nodded my head, she asked, "That's it?"
"Yes..." I lied.
After several seconds, she put one hand on the back of my head and pulled it into the crook of her neck while the other landed on my ass and helped me to start moving. We made love in silence but the passion was now completely gone, and since neither of us was progressing, I wondered how it would conclude.
"I knew something was going on...I knew there was more. More so with the yardmen, but even with Ike there was a wild look in your eyes," Ellen stated without warning.
"You had a wild look, too," I responded defensively.
"Mine was fear! Now, I know yours was excitement!" she replied.
Even though I knew she had every right to judge, I still felt rebuked and before I knew it, I was firing back.
"As I recall, you were horny as hell after each time," I answered.
"No...I was thinking about us and getting into bed. Be careful, you're kind of calling your wife a tramp," she said, this time showing clear irritation.
"Mmmmm...definitely not a tramp," I replied while slowing my movements.
When we had stopped, I took her head in my hands, kissed her hard, rolled to her side, and then pulled her firm body snuggly against me.
"I guess I was right all along. You are a pervert," she giggled with her back to me.
My response was to pinch her nipple lightly which made her thrash for a moment, and when she calmed, we both drifted to sleep.
The following day, I reflected on everything that had occurred and had to shake my head at the seeming randomness of it all. The situation with the yardmen and Ike were only connected through my wife's over-developed spirit of competition and yet both scenarios resulted in Ellen exhibiting herself under duress. Adding to the weirdness was the discovery of my heretofore unknown interest in exposing her along with her reactions, as in all the events, I knew that she had been made aroused. The pillow talk of the previous night had been quite open and we had fortunately made it through without any apparent damage. Now, I was left to ponder where to go next. There was no question I would eagerly support another opportunity to exhibit her, but how was I to do it? And, since I had shared my inner thoughts, would she be too self-conscious to participate?
"I thought you could take me out to dinner later," Ellen said when I came in from running errands.
"Casual or fancy?" I asked.
"Fancy!" she shot back.
Ellen loves to get dressed up and go to nice places, so I was certain she would make the selection if given the chance. It had been almost a month since our candid conversation, and although it was still very much on my mind, I wasn't sure how she had internalized it. So, I knew I was running a risk with the idea now formulating in my head.
"Only if you dress sexy for me," I said softly into her ear as I pulled her close.
"How sexy?" she replied and tried to look up at me, but I held her firm.
"My favorite cocktail dress," I answered.
My wife had purchased a lovely mid-thigh black dress that had a v-top that she wore just one time. In public, she had become quite nervous about her exposure, and despite my constant reassurances that she looked fabulous, she couldn't relax. Numerous times since, I had tried to get her to wear it, but was rejected on each attempt.
"Not that one. I don't like it. Plus, you need to calm down," she replied, hinting at my recent revelations.
"Yes, that one," I demanded, unshaken.
"No, honey. I'll dress nice, but I'm not wearing that one," she responded.
This was the point I usually backed down, but living through my admissions had made me bold, and I replied, "Okay, we'll go to Olive Garden."
"Oh, I see. So, you either get your way or forget it," she answered.
"Yes, since you want me to spend a lot of money on a fancy place, I expect to get my way," I said.
"Nope, not happening. Now, make reservations at the French restaurant we've been wanting to try," she demanded, ignoring my words.
"I will when you change your mind," I answered, leaving her standing in the living room as I walked to the bedroom.
"Why are you being a jerk? Are you drunk?" she asked seconds later when she appeared in the room.
"I have a very beautiful and sexy wife and I want her to dress in a manner worthy of her looks," I replied, quite pleased with my choice of words.
"Honey...be nice..." Ellen whined, and then quickly added, "Plus...you know...I'm worried about you."
"You'll be fine," I said, and feeling singed by her comment, I continued with, "And don't make me feel stupid for sharing things with you."
"Uhhh...don't try...umm sorry..." she replied.
At six-thirty, I was waiting in the living room for her to appear wondering what she would have on. After more prodding, she had reluctantly agreed to dress as I requested, but it was with little conviction, and I felt it likely she would renege. The clicking of her heels on the hardwood floors signaled her approach and seconds later she appeared in the sexy dress. My eyes began a slow lingering inspection intended to raise the tension as I took in the sight. The hem was higher on her thighs than I recalled, but what captured my attention was the exposure of the sides of her breasts. It was an amazing look, and a more sexually confident woman would leave a trail of besotted men in her wake.
"Incredible," I declared.
"I feel naked," she responded and used her hands to tug on the bottom.
"Stop it," I said, and motioned her to me.
"The things I do for you. I must really love you," she said as I embraced her.
"There's one more thing you need to do for me," I whispered.
"What?" she asked with clear trepidation.
"Take your panties off," I replied.
"What! Absolutely not!" she cried out while looking at me with a stunned expression.
It was another moment where I would typically back down, but now I was determined.
"Ellen, I'm going to take them off," I said sternly.
"Why..." she started, but my hands were already snaking underneath the dress.
To get to them, I ended up on my knees and surprisingly she allowed me to remove them with little push back. Once over her heels, I inspected the red lacy garment and then stuffed it into my pocket which brought a strange look from her.
"I'm ordering Champagne," she stated, which made me laugh.
"Honey, anytime you are sexy for me I'll get you all the Champagne you want," I replied.
Like I knew would happen, she attracted a lot of stares at the restaurant from the valet and the male patrons. At first, she was quite fidgety, but after two flutes she began to relax, and after a glass of Cabernet she was totally at ease. I made sure to continue to compliment her and enjoyed the numerous furtive glances thrown her way.
"How are you doing?" I asked while we ate our appetizers.
"You owe me big time," she replied, giving me a faux scowl.
"You look so incredible. I want to throw you on this table and do it right now," I whispered.
"Stop it," she gasped while looking around quickly, but her smile let me know she liked the message.
By the time the check came, her anxiety had vanished and we were laughing and joking like teenagers. As soon as we were in the car, I pulled her across the console and brought her lips to mine. While we engaged in a deep, passionate kiss, I slipped my hand into her dress, and with the valet attendants nearby, I gently massaged her breasts and tweaked her small nipple.
"My God! What's gotten into you," she said when we separated.
"I can't help it," I answered as I pulled away, and when we were on the street, I added, "You better get ready."
"Oh, you think so? After being so bossy?" she replied, but the sparkle in her eyes let me know that she was excited, too.
Twice, between the car and the bedroom, we stopped and began kissing passionately, and each time, I lifted her dress and massaged her firm ass. The absence of panties drove me to an even higher state of excitement and by the time we reached the bedroom, I was practically shaking.
"Hurry," she panted after I helped her pull the dress over her head.
I took in her lovely form as I fumbled with my clothes, but when she reached for the strap on her heels, I stopped her, "No, leave them on."
"You've gone crazy," she declared, but rather than argue, she climbed onto the bed and scooted to the center.
My dick was as hard as I could ever remember, and once I was completely naked, I joined her and immediately dove my head between her legs. She was soaked, completely and utterly gushing, and without her panties, her juices had been spread all over her groin. As soon as my tongue landed on her pussy, all kinds of sensual mews and whimpers sprang forth. Twice, she tried to stop my efforts and pull me into her, but I stayed in place until I was rewarded with an outpouring of more liquid as she experienced a nice orgasm.
Please...please put it in," she begged, and this time I lifted over her and easily pushed my dick inside.
It only took a few full strokes until I could feel her wetness coating my balls. I became even more excited, which drove me to take her even faster, and I soon realized I was pounding into her harder than I ever had. For just a brief moment, my mind raced through past events. So much had occurred and everything related to the exposure of my wife to others.
"You are so sexy...so damn hot..." I whispered into her ear.
"Mmmm...I love you," she purred, and then after emitting a little squeal, she added, "Don't stop...please..."
Although we had never made love so aggressively, she showed no sign of distress. It was quite the opposite as the movement of her body and her sounds indicated that she was completely engaged.
"Are you going to cum for me again?" I asked.
"I want to...I'm close..." she whined.
Ellen rarely climaxes more than once, so her state was further proof as to her level of excitement. I began to shower her face and neck with swift, gentle kisses while I moaned seductively, and it seemed to help her build.
"Cum for me sweetie...I want to feel you," I told her softly.
It was the final push she needed, and seconds later, her release arrived, "Ohhh...ohhh...oh yes...ohhhhhhh...ohhh baby...mmmm...uhhhh..."
Then, she went completely silent and pushed hard against me as her body stiffened. It lasted for several seconds and when she relaxed, she instantly started to sob. Three full strokes later, with a deep grunt, I erupted and then fell onto her while I tried to regain my breath. It took us several minutes to recover, and then we were kissing and mewing to each other.
"See what happens when you dress sexy?" I teased.
"No talking," she answered and found my lips with hers.
Sometime later, I awoke to the feeling of Ellen's hand pulling on my dick. I stayed still, feigning sleep, and let her continue for several minutes before my hand went to her breasts.
"What a nice surprise," I whispered.
"Mmmm..." she moaned and immediately pulled me on top of her.
I was in her in seconds and we quickly established a nice easy rhythm as we serenaded each other with moans and sighs. Several times, she pulled me down for a passionate kiss before dropping back onto the bed.
"You feel so good," I whispered.
"You showed me off again," she responded, giving me a hint about what was in her head.
"Yes, it was incredible," I replied shamelessly.
"We're you serious about the men...Ike and Ruben?" she asked, referring to the fantasies I had shared.
"Yeah..." I answered, and then added, "They made you hot."
"No..." she started to protest, but I cut her off.
"Yes, they did. Admit it to me, Ellen. I admitted things to you," I demanded.
She was silent for a few seconds, before replying, "Some...I guess some..."
"Yeah, they got you horny as hell and then I got you," I said, being intentionally provocative.
"Mmmm...yeah...you did," she sighed.
When I looked into her face, I saw that her eyes were squeezed shut and I wondered at that moment what she was thinking. I suspected that she was merely reveling in the feelings generated by our coupling, although strangely, a little piece of me hoped that some of her thoughts were on Hector, Ruben, and Ike. The idea caused my balls to begin to tingle and I began to fight back my release hoping Ellen could catch up. Unfortunately, I failed and soon I was firing my remaining semen deep into my wife's depths. If she was disappointed, she didn't show it, and before long we were back asleep.
The rest of the winter and most of the spring was uneventful. Occasionally, one of us would bring up my strange interests and we would dance around the subject. In truth, it was a difficult thing to explain because it existed as a vague, ever-morphing concept. Ellen was no longer shocked about it and other than calling me a pervert now and then she was non-judgmental. I continually tried to think about scenarios to exhibit her but they always felt forced and staged. I was still trying to determine a course when something occurred that changed everything.
"I'll take the Rangers," Ellen said as we waited for the game between Dallas and Houston.
It was early spring and we had enjoyed a nice run of fine weather. The bright sunshine and the warm weather had put us, like most in the city, in a good mood. We had just finished a glass of wine in the backyard and moved into the house to watch the game.
"Okay...for what?" I asked.
"A nice dinner...a really nice one," she answered with a cute smile.
"In my favorite dress?" I asked.
"That can be your choice if you win...if it's what you want," she replied as her smile morphed into an impish grin.
Suddenly, it dawned on me what was happening. Ellen didn't care about the Rangers. In reality, she was giving me the chance to pick a naughty wager. I smiled back at her for several seconds before taking the glass from her hand, setting it on the table and pulling her into my arms. Several times, I brushed my lips against hers before I got the courage to speak.
"I want you topless in the backyard," I whispered.
"Topless?" she asked, and her body snuggled closer to me before she added, "Really?"
"Yes, really," I answered.
She was quiet for a few seconds before she responded, "Only Hector's been coming."
The way she spoke gave me the impression that she was disappointed that Ruben wouldn't be present. It was an interesting message and it encouraged me to push harder.
"It's okay...Hector's fine. I want you in just your leopard print bottoms all oiled up when he walks through the gate," I declared.
"Shit!" she cried out, and then quickly added, "Then we're going to the best place in town if I win!"
The ease with which she gave in was another indicator that she was playing into my fantasy. However, I knew it would be unwise to probe, so I allowed the façade to stand. Perhaps afterward, if I was lucky enough to win, I could try to get her to open up but for now, I just wanted to use all my psychic energy to try and will the Astros to victory.
As soon as the game began, Ellen's competitive spirit rose to the forefront and we had a lively time drinking and watching the game. Fortunately for me, the Astros proved much too strong and cruised to an easy 7-3 win. I could see the reality hit her several minutes after it was over and she shot me several distressed looks but never tried to get out of the bet.
"Are you sure?" Ellen asked later when we were cuddled in bed.
I was quiet for a while as I contemplated whether the tone in her voice indicated distress or interest, and I hadn't reached a conclusion when my lust finally won out.
"Yeah..." I whispered.
"You better never get judgmental," she warned.
"Never!" I acknowledged instantly.
Hector was still coming on Saturday's and the days leading up to his visit went by with minimal angst. After moving my car around the block to give the appearance I was out, I returned to the house, and when we heard the mower fire up in the front yard, I noticed Ellen's body stiffen. Now, each minute seemed to drag by, and I made several trips to the front window to gauge his progress. When It looked like he was finishing, I had my wife remove her robe and I oiled her entire pale body while paying special attention to her lovely breasts and the soft areas near her small bottoms.
"It's time," I said in a soft voice.
She made no reply but gave me an awkward smile as she turned and made her way towards the door. Just a minute later, she was on her back on the recliner, covered only by the leopard print bottoms, wearing her big sunglasses while pretending to read a magazine.
Hector got a full-frontal view of her topless body when he stepped through the gate and it stopped him cold. I suspected he thought she would flee, so when she remained in place, seemingly ignoring his presence, it made him confused. It took him a good thirty seconds to regain his wits, and the whole time his eyes were locked on my wife's wonderful breasts. I could only imagine what was running through my wife's head during this period, but finally, he turned back to the mower and wrestled it through the gate. The roaring sound of the engine seemed to calm him and for the next few minutes, he went about his task. Slowly though, despite his efforts to ignore her, his eyes began to make glances her way.
It was an amazing thing to witness and my thoughts were focused on what was going through Ellen's mind. Hector, I thought I understood, but what was my wife thinking? I suspected that it was probably an emotional stew of worry, embarrassment, nervousness, and shame, but were there other elements, too? I hoped traces of excitement and arousal, however small, were part of the mix and took encouragement from her prior vague admission.
Adding to the erotic scenario was my role as the manipulator, or ringmaster, for the performance. However, as the minutes ticked by I chastised myself for not thinking through more of a plan. Should I have told her to approach him or call him over to create an interaction? Suddenly, I was concerned what I was seeing was all that would occur. Fortunately, Hector acted to fill the void when he suddenly stopped his mower, and after staring at my wife for several seconds, he stepped her way.
In the previous backyard setups, Ruben had been the bold one while his father had stayed mostly in the background. Thus, I was unsure how to take his advance, and prepared myself to come to my wife's rescue. When he arrived at her side, he stopped and stared down at her body and began to speak, and just for a moment, Ellen's head turned towards the door before she engaged the older man in a conversation. I relaxed some when she showed no signs of distress and for the next few minutes, I watched them interact while dying to know the nature of their discussion.
In a vain attempt to understand what they were saying, my eyes had been entirely focused on their lips, so when I casually looked at my wife's breasts and saw her nipples had become erect, I was totally stunned. Instantly, I wondered whether her reaction was merely a result of the erotic situation or if Hector's words were the cause. And if it was the yardman, what was the nature of his effort? Was he trying to seduce her? Was he being provocative? In the course of just a few minutes, he said more to my wife than in all the conversations I had with him. Of course, he had a higher motivation than he did with me, but I still was shocked to see him able to keep things going.
Then, without warning, he lowered his body until he was squatting next to the recliner which caused Ellen to begin to rise. I thought for sure that she would race into the house, so when I saw her stop and then slowly relax, I was once more surprised. They began to talk again, but I could see Hector was getting anxious, and seconds later when his hand reached out and softly felt her left breast, my surprise turned to outright shock. I was stunned to see Ellen accept the touch with her eyes locked onto his hand, and for what seemed an eternity, he traced over her firm flesh while occasionally contacting her nipple. However, when he made for her other orb, she suddenly lifted herself and made for the door. Just before turning to meet Ellen, I took a last look towards Hector and wasn't at all surprised to see the corners of his mouth curled into a smile.
"Wow!" I declared with a huge grin when my wife appeared.
"Yeah..." she answered and made to get by me but I pulled her tightly into my arms and kissed her hard.
"That was damn hot," I said to her when we finally broke.
"Don't ever call me a prude," she answered, reminding me of the message she had delivered on our vacation.
"Never!" I told her and began prodding her towards the bedroom.
"Hurry," she declared when I had her on her back and began working on my clothes.
I had been concerned about her state of mind so her demand let me know that she was thinking sex. As soon as my shorts cleared my hips, my dick sprang forth and pointed towards the sky reminding me of when I was sixteen. Ellen's eyes were locked onto it and it was only when I pulled loose the strings to her bottoms that her attention was broken. She grabbed my arm and began trying to pull me on to her, which I fought at first.
"I want to go down on you," I said.
"No...I don't need it. Come on," she replied with urgency.
With that, I started to climb over her and she quickly grasped my shaft and pulled it towards her slit. As soon as my head split her folds, I could tell she was completely ready, and her hands moved to my hips and urged me downward. Together, we moaned and sighed as I made my way inside and when we were fully connected, I paused for a moment, withdrew and then pushed into her hard.
"Unnnhhhh...ohhhh...oh yes..." she groaned.
Ellen's pussy felt magical as if it was caressing every tiny segment of my dick. I tried to go slow and maintain control, but within seconds I was accelerating and soon I was pounding into her hard. It was all about excitement and lust, but my wife wasn't holding back. In fact, her whines and the movement of her body indicated that she was equally needy.
"Damn, Ellen...it was so...so hot," I gasped, suddenly feeling the need to speak.
"Yeah..." she grunted and one hand went to my ass and pulled.
"You let him touch you," I spewed out.
"For you, baby...you said you that's what you wanted..." she moaned referring to what I had said when I explained my fantasy.
"You were excited. He got your nipples hard," I pressed.
"Sssshhhh...shut up and fuck me," Ellen demanded.
I did as I was told and for the next few minutes, I pounded into my wife relentlessly while using all my will power to keep my balls from exploding. Along the way, I listened to her constant mews and whimpers which drove me to ever-higher states of arousal. I knew I was rapidly reaching the point of no return when I felt my wife's body stiffen.
"He's here...he's watching..." she whispered in a frightened voice.
It took a moment for her message to sink in, and then with a rapid turn of my head, I spotted the yardman standing in the doorway with his hand rubbing his cock through his filthy jeans.
"Hector, get out of here!" I demanded as we came to a complete stop.
The Hispanic man showed no signs of leaving and the determined looked on his face made me think it might take physical force. Ellen's fingernails were now biting into my bicep, although her other hand remained on my ass. Initially, she had hidden her face beneath my body, but I sensed movement and when I shot a glance at her, I could see that she was peeking around me.
"Honey?" my wife whispered nervously.
"Hector..." I started in another attempt to make him leave, but he interrupted before I could finish.
"Fuck her, man...fuck her good," he stated while continuing to stroke his cock.
For just a moment, my anger flared, but then I recalled all the teasing games we had played and a wave of guilt hit me. No doubt, Hector felt by her actions that she was looking for more and I could only imagine his thoughts when he found us in bed.
"Come on, Hector. Go outside and I'll come talk to you," I tried.
"I want to watch you fuck her," he replied.
I didn't know enough about the man to understand whether he was normally so bold or if the event in the backyard had excited him to a point that he couldn't maintain control. As I contemplated what to do, I felt Ellen move and my attention was suddenly pulled back to my wife's pussy. It felt so damn good, and I knew I would have to leave her to make him leave which wasn't appealing. Plus, I felt sorry for Hector.
"Just for a bit, okay?" I called out.
He didn't respond, but my wife's nervous whisper quickly hit my ear, "Honey?"
I knew that explanations would be pointless at that moment, so rather than try, I kissed her hard and began to move slowly. I kept our lips connected until I felt some tension leave her body and when they parted, I braced myself for a strong rebuke. So, imagine my surprise when all I heard was muted whimpers. Looking down, I could see her eyes tightly shut, and I could only surmise that she was deferring to my decision. The thought emboldened me, and I started to move with more purpose which brought forth an unexpected reaction from my wife.
"Mmmmm..." she moaned openly.
Thoughts of making Hector leave evaporated as I considered Ellen's reaction to his presence and suddenly, it was like the erotic floodgates had been opened. When I began to move faster, and she emitted more sensual sounds, I knew we were going to experience something very different.
"Harder like before," I heard Hector say from over my shoulder.
I don't know why, but I did as he instructed and started to hammer into my wife. Almost immediately, Ellen wrapped her arms around my neck and she began releasing a litany of sexual sounds. Less than a minute elapsed when suddenly, my wife's whines, coupled with the squeaking bedsprings, the smell of sex in the air, the wet smacking sound of our connection and the man watching us from just feet away, overloaded my senses and my semen started the final countdown towards release.
"I...I can't..." I groaned.
"Wait..." Ellen tried, but it was much too late.
In a series of heavy grunts, I fired into my wife until all rhythm was lost and I collapsed onto her sweaty body. Together, we struggled for air, and as I panted I realized that all my strength had left me. With my climax, I had lost focus on Hector, so I wasn't ready when I felt his hand pushing on my shoulder.
"Get off," he demanded.
"Fuck Hector..." I started but before I could finish, he shoved me again.
This time, it was with enough force to knock me off my wife and as I looked up from the side of the bed, I could see he was now naked and an impressive uncut cock extended from beneath his thick midsection. Ellen tried to turn to hide her body, but one of his calloused hands landed on her shoulder and pinned her in place, and at that moment, I realized he intended to mount my wife.
"No! Stop! Honey, stop him," she cried out.
I was in the process of climbing off the far side of the bed when I spotted his free hand land on her breasts. For some reason, it slowed my movement as I recalled his recent fondling of her outside. His fingers quickly found her nipples and as he rolled them, I watched my wife's leg slide across the bedspread in response. Suddenly, I knew what I wanted and realized it was what I really desired all along. For the first time, I let my true sordid feelings come forth.
"You let him before," I said, unable to think of anything else.
"Are you crazy?" she shot back when she saw me stop at the foot of the bed.
However, as her accusation hit me, I noticed her leg was still slowly moving. She was responding to his touch, even though she might not be conscious of it, which made me wonder how much sexual energy was still surging through her from our recent coupling. I had left her hanging, so I surmised her body must still be at a high level of arousal even in the bizarre circumstances.
"Let him," I told her, and instantly I saw a shocked look fill her face while the Hispanic man turned to me and smiled.
"No fucking way!" she replied loudly.
She was about to add something else when Hector pinched a nipple which stopped her and brought forth a squeal. Our yardman continued to hold her firmly in place with one hand while he worked her breasts with the other, and several times, he had to stop her attempt to twist free.
"You tease too much...no more teasing," Hector said to her.
Sensing the meaning of his words, she tried to break away again, but he stopped her and then started to climb onto the bed. He was halfway up when he stopped and bent his head down to suck in a nipple and I could see his cock and heavy balls were now resting on her thigh.
"No...don't...it hurts...don't bite..." she cried out as her shoulder squirmed.
"Be still then," he commanded.
She continued to move for several seconds but finally stopped as I surmised she realized she had no alternative. Hector remained hovered over her and I could tell his mouth was moving from one nipple to the other. Like with his fingers, the only response I could see was Ellen's leg that was still moving slowly. She would bring her foot in, causing her knee to rise, and then drop her leg flat before starting the cycle again.
Despite my excitement, I knew I couldn't let my wife be forcefully taken, and I needed to try and convince her to accept the man. When I saw his head rise from her breasts, I knew it was time.
"Ellen, let him...it's okay," I said.
"It's not okay...it's really not okay," she responded.
"Let him," I said again.
This time, there followed a period of silence before she asked, "Why?"
"I just want you to...it's okay," I replied.
The room became quiet and seconds later, when Hector resumed his climb, I could see that the head of his cock had completely emerged from its foreskin and was wet and shiny. Then, he was over her, blocking her almost entirely from my view. I could only see her forearms and her legs from the knee down so I knew that much of the story would be told through sound. One of the Hispanic man's hands left her shoulder and snaked between them and I guessed he was lining up his cock. More fumbling ensued and I braced myself for the fateful moment when my wife suddenly spoke.
"Is this what you want?" she asked in a desperate voice.
"Yes, Ellen...let him..." I replied.
"My God," she responded, and then there was more fumbling before she said, "Wait...Hector wait. Uhhhh...wait..."
"You're ready," the man declared.
"Ohhh...oh my God...unnnhhhh..." she suddenly cried out as Hector's hips fell forward.
I knew that with her already well-fucked pussy he had managed to plunge into her in one swift movement and now was completely embedded in my wife. As I stood there looking down at the bizarre scene, I realized my dick was completely hard, painfully so, and was pulsing in a way that let me know that any touch would quickly lead to another ejaculation.
Hector stayed still for a moment and then I watched as his sweaty body lifted and pushed back into Ellen. This time, there were no sounds from her, and I suspected she was trying hard to not respond. She lasted for a time, but as he picked up the pace, small grunts began to emerge that were soon joined by gasps and sighs.
"Your pussy is good for fucking," the yardman stated which caused her to cease her erotic sounds.
"Are you there?" she called out just seconds later.
"Yes, baby," I answered and then thinking she needed encouragement, I added, "Enjoy it, Ellen."
"I...I can't..." she whimpered.
"Let go...just let go..." I replied.
Hector was relentless in taking her with deep thrusts and soon her sounds returned. It wasn't long after that when I noticed her hands had moved from his arms to his back and her feet, which had been resting on the bed, were slowly lifting. Whether it was my words or the feeling of the man's cock, she now appeared to be responding. Not long after, I realized she had completely given up her defenses when she pulled her knees back until her feet were touching the back of his thighs. For better or worse, she was now into the mating which caused a strange sensation to course through my body. It was like an erotic cocktail mixed with equal parts excitement and concern, but at that moment, all I wanted to do was focus on the former.
"Uhhhh...mmmm..." Ellen suddenly moaned in a louder than normal voice.
"Yeah...you feel it. Better than your fucking teasing," Hector announced which left me wondering what had occurred.
The Hispanic man began whispering something to my wife I couldn't make out, and even though I wasn't completely sure, I swear she answered, "Close."
"Yeah...fucking good," Hector said in his normal voice.
It wasn't long after that I sensed my wife was moving towards an orgasm. It began with her feet rising in the air which was soon followed by her hands moving across the man's back. Also, her groans and sighs became more pronounced, so I wasn't at all surprised when it hit.
"Ohhh...oh God...ohhhhh... Don't...don't stop... I'm there...please..." she cried out.
"I won't stop," Hector grunted, and then added, "Squeeze it...squeeze me."
Our yardman rode my wife through her release, never slowing, and continued to push into her after her body went limp. Suddenly, I felt incredibly claustrophobic and in need of air. I quietly turned and left the couple, went outside and calmed myself by taking deep breaths. I guessed I had only left my wife for a few minutes, but when I returned the scene had dramatically changed.
Hector had placed Ellen on her hands and knees and was now taking her from behind while he stood next to the bed. Her body, which had been shielded previously, was now on complete display. It was covered in sweat and on the sides of her breasts, which danced in circles in time with his thrusts, I could see several hairs from the man's body stuck to her skin. Her head was lolled downward, her mouth was open, and she grunted openly as she was fucked. On top of it all, the wet slurping sounds emanating from her pussy were now more pronounced and I wondered if she might have climaxed again. It was a truly wanton scene and certainly one that I never thought I would see Ellen in. She seemed oblivious to everything around her which made me wonder if she was even aware that I had stepped out. Despite the dominant nature of the position, she was clearly enjoying it, and when I glanced at Hector a thin smile appeared on his face.
"She loves my cock...loves to fuck. Don't you?" he declared and with his hand, he grasped her hair and lifted her head.
Now, my wife's pretty face was aimed towards the far wall, and while her eyes were squeezed shut, her mouth hung obscenely open emitting loud grunts in time with his thrusts. She sounded like an old fashion locomotive chugging along and despite Hector's words and actions, she remained cocooned in her own world.
"When are you going to finish?" I asked, suddenly wanting a conclusion.
"Soon. Going to fill her up," he grunted, and then he launched into a dirty tirade, "Ruben wants to fuck her, too. Next time I'll bring Ruben so he can fuck you...we'll both fuck you good. You want to fuck Ruben?"
This time, his voice brought her back to the moment and she made eye contact with me as the yardman maintained a grip on her hair. I could tell she was completely consumed by the sex and wondered how far he could take her.
"You want to fuck Ruben?" I asked.
She didn't reply, nor did her expression change which made me wonder if she was capable of processing the question. However, it really didn't matter because, at that moment, our yardman reached his peak and began to cum into my wife.
"Ughhh...fuck yeah...fuck yeah..." he grunted and then suddenly he lifted his hand and brought it down hard on her naked ass while calling out, "Squeeze it...squeeze it again!"
The satisfied look that appeared on his face indicated that she might have fulfilled his demand. While he was slowing, I watched as Ellen dropped her head to the bed while her nails dug into the fabric. It wasn't clear what she experienced, but something had happened and as soon as the Hispanic man's cock left her hole, she fell to her side with a whimper.
Fortunately, Hector didn't dawdle in departing, and as soon as he left the room, I climbed next to my wife. I pulled her next to me with her back against my chest and saw that she was staring down at the bed.
"Ellen?" I whispered.
"Why?" she asked in a tiny voice.
Strangely, at that moment, the mower came to life which meant Hector intended to finish the yard. It caused us to stare into each other's eyes for a long time before I summoned the courage to speak.
"I'll be honest...I think I've wanted it for a while. I know I pushed, but let's don't be negative," I offered.
"You made me a slut," she responded.
"You're not..." I started but was cut-off.
"What married woman has sex with the yardman? That's the definition of slutty!' she
declared.
"Let's make love," I suggested hoping it would calm her.
"No...no I want to shower and get this...get him off me," she replied.
Ellen practically jumped from the bed and went to the bathroom where I heard the shower start immediately. I gave her a few minutes and then followed, joining her beneath the hot water. Taking the soap from her hands, I started to wash her body and was pleased that she let me without protest. There was a clear handprint on her butt where she was struck, but other than that she appeared unscathed. However, when I moved to her vagina, I could see that it was red from the pounding it had received from Hector's cock.
"I'm sorry...you're upset," I whispered.
"You're not sorry you let it...made it happen? Just that I'm upset?" she replied.
I let several seconds go by before I answered, "Yes."
"So, you've decided you want a trampy wife! Hell, I'll just fuck him every week. Maybe we can get a discount on the yard!" she responded, angrily.
"Quit it. We did it together," I said, hoping to defuse.
"Why? Don't you love me?" she asked suddenly showing keen vulnerability.
"Are you kidding? I worship you," I responded and pulled her into my arms.
"What do you want?" she asked in a whisper, and quickly added, "What?"
"Right now? I want to make love to my beautiful wife," I said.
Just a hint of a smile appeared on her face, but it was all I needed and I directed her out of the shower, quickly dried us both and made for the bed.
"He...his stuff is still in me," she said, and at that exact moment, the mower stopped. It seemed almost staged and put an exclamation point on all that had occurred. Ellen looked up at me and said sarcastically, "Last chance before he leaves."
I was thankful when she let me ease over her body, separate her legs and find her opening. I moved carefully to start, remembering her raw vagina, but if she was sore, it didn't show. Soon, she had lubricated nicely, and we engaged in a slow coupling while I showered her with kisses.
"I guess things did...go too far," I offered after several minutes.
"You think?" she fired back.
I let more silence ensue before I said, "But, you did look so hot. Outside and ..."
"Be careful," she interjected.
"You did. I can't help saying it...you did," I responded.
"I don't understand you...what you want...why you want it..." she answered showing clear frustration.
"It's hard to explain...really hard. I like when you are the center of attention. In a bikini in the backyard or on the beach and what happened with Ike, too. I guess I knew there was more to it...in my head...and I guess we discovered it...today. Seeing you...the orgasm...it was unbelievable," I attempted to explain.
We had stopped moving, and as I looked down at her a tiny smile appeared, and she said, "I couldn't help it."
"I didn't want you to help it. I wished you would have had more!" I replied.
"There was more than one," she admitted with a guilty look.
"I thought so...how many?" I asked eagerly, happy to have her engaged in the discussion.
"More than one," she responded, and then asked, "Why did you ask about Ruben?"
"I...I didn't think you heard me," I stammered.
"I heard," she replied.
"I don't know...maybe I was just overwhelmed at the moment," I said, trying to deflect.
Suddenly, Ellen directed me onto my back and then straddling my waist, she fed my dick back into her pussy. She moved her hips several times, as if seeking a good spot, and then placed her hands on my shoulders and looked down into my face.
"I have a yes or no question. You can only answer yes or no," she said, and when I nodded, acknowledging her conditions, she continued, "Do you want Ruben to fuck me, too?"
"Yes," I answered quickly.
"My God! You didn't even have to think about it," she gasped, and then added, "Father and son with their semen in your wife?"
"Yes," I said.
"What about Ike?" she asked after a short pause.
"Next vacation," I fired back, and feeling things were progressing down a good path, I added, "And only hot bikinis and sexy clothes from now on."
Her initial response was to start moving on my dick and after a dozen strokes, she said, "You think so?"
"I do. Now, tell me about Hector," I pushed.
"What about him?" she asked, trying to be coy.
"You responded...you liked it. He made you cum," I said, knowing I was running a risk.
"He wore me down...he just wouldn't stop. I tried but I couldn't help it," she explained.
"I'm glad you couldn't," I told her, and then quickly followed with, "You think Ruben will be the same?"
"I have no idea," she said while giving me an annoying stare that I thought was fake. Seconds later, my suspicions were confirmed when she added, "What am I supposed to do? Just say come on inside and fuck me?"
"I'm thinking you are sunning completely naked when they arrive," I replied, fighting back a smile.
"My God...I won't make it out of the yard," she gasped.
"Probably not," I agreed.