LETTER IV
You might well be pleased with my last letter but you have merited your own reprimand. You confess to having read it with too much action of the hand, not expecting any such very racy termination, and that when it came to such delicious mouth-fucking you were obliged to spend all over your dressing-gown. All I can say is don't do so anymore, but come over to see me, and I will do it for you as you did it for me when we crept into each other's beds at school.
But I have more adventures to relate and must hurry on. Several times Tom came to see me and, though for three or four weeks he continued to rave about Louisa, still I thought he became less interested, and that he was getting dissatisfied with not having had her yet. At last, he no longer asked me to feel him or frig him, which was all the pleasure I indulged him in, for you may well imagine that almost daily interviews with my sweet friend fully drew upon all my powers, and left me no inclination to stray to other sports.
Our constant meetings led to renewals of every possible variety of enjoyment short of actual cunt-fucking, and I hardly yet thought her ripe enough for enculage (means buggery - hardcore action). So I fucked between her breasts, and spent in her mouth, and fucked her in another way at which we became very expert, and which was in itself very exciting and luxurious. It was this: she knelt on the sofa, with her head down on the cushion and her knees apart. I knelt behind and, pushing my prick along the length of her cunt, without entering, she placed the wetted palm of one hand below its knob and the upper part of my prick, pressing it firmly against her clitoris and the partially-divided lips. Thus, you see, it formed a sheath for my standing weapon, in which I began my thrusts to and fro, giving her the most delightful friction on both her clitoris and the lips of her cunt, which speedily moistened my shaft almost as much as if actually ensheathed therein, especially as her extended hand pressed its whole length. I can assure you, the deception is almost complete; a novice might readily fancy he was doing the real thing, so nearly true is the sensation produced when once the prick gets thoroughly moistened by the rapid spending of a hot, passionate woman like my darling Louisa. She declared that the mere idea of its being an actual man's prick that was frigging her clitoris and, at the same time, deliciously rubbing between the pouting lips of her cunt, enhanced enormously the pleasure, and made it more ecstatic than any other way; in fact, she said it made her spend continuously. To me it was also exciting from the commanding view it gave over her magnificent arse which, only in this way, could be fully seen in all its glory of form and size and in its lascivious movements, just as if I had been really within her lovely cunt. I seized her hips, and drew her arse backward and forwards against my belly, and held it pressed tight upon it when spending. This became our favorite method, and Louisa became so expert that I sometimes almost imagined that I had slipped into her cunt.
Nor had I quite neglected the opportunity of enriching my collection of photographs, this time without making Tom a participator in their possession. The lovely girl lent herself to every fancy I could conceive. I took her in every attitude, not forgetting the exquisite one, the excitement of which in the first instance had disabled me from completing. I took her standing, reposing, front, back, sideways, foreshortened and, to complete my collection, I took enlarged views of her breasts, her backside with its magnificent buttocks, and a full view of her lovely cunt. Then, reversing the picture, I took her on her back with her legs held aloft, showing all her cunt, with hair up to the navel, down to her thighs, and round her arsehole, all of which were seen in full enlarged proportion. You may suppose these were not shown to Tom, but kept for my own private enjoyment. But never an artist in this world had such a lovely and willing model to work from; she lent herself not only readily, but did so with a just conception of what I wanted that was quite extraordinary. Still, she always looked forward to her eventual marriage with Tom although, had circumstances permitted, I fancied I could easily have cut him out.
About this time Louisa was taken for two or three weeks to the seaside, and I was left alone. The thought of the beauties of Tom's person sometimes recurred to me, and I contemplated taking advantage of the state of widowhood in which Louisa's absence had left me but, to my surprise, Tom never made his appearance.
Louisa returned, and you can easily picture to yourself with what eagerness we renewed our ecstatic pleasures. At the same time, she became very unhappy at Tom's estrangement, which neither of us could account for. About a fortnight after her return, she came to me one day in a state of lamentable distress. She seemed indifferent to amorous caresses, and on my pressing her to confide her evident cares to me, she, at last, confessed that, while visiting a poor person one night, she had seen Tom with a tall girl entering a house of ill-fame. Here she threw her arms around my neck and sobbed and wept as if her heart would break. I embraced and consoled her as best I could, promising to ferret out the whole truth for her, and telling her that I was sure there was some mystery about the affair which, when cleared up, would not be so painful to her. I swore by her beauteous self that I would never rest until I could satisfy her it was so and promised that she might fully trust in me. She smiled through her tears and tenderly kissed me, saying that I was a dear good fellow, that she really loved me.
I threw my arms around her waist, drew her onto my knee, and while embracing and lovingly kissing her petticoats, I sought the well-known spot, causing revulsion in her feelings. She threw her arms around me and said,
'My darling Harry, I have long deprived you of the last favor a woman can give, reserving it for that ingrate Tom, but now I am determined he shan't have it, so you must fuck me directly.'
Knowing that a woman, when piqued, will do anything to be revenged against the man who piques her, I endeavored to reason her out of the idea, but, obstinate like all her sex, she persisted in her design. In fact, as she held my throbbing and fiercely standing prick in her hand, she had an ally that pleaded strongly in her favor. Still my prudence — and shall I say my desire- urged a middle course.
'What is that?' she said.
'My darling, you have two gates within which love can enter to offer up this sacrifice: your exquisite cunt, and your no less delicious arsehole. Now, I can commence in the former and, after moistened, I can then slide into the other without giving you too much pain, and there spend in perfect security of leaving no fruit behind.'
'But how is it possible this great thick stiff thing can get in where your finger seems to fill all up?' 'Oh!' I said. 'Rest easy on that score. It will, perhaps, hurt a little at the first entrance but, by going slowly, and halting occasionally, the pain goes off, and it will enter completely, and then the pleasure begins and increases, and as I shall frig you in the cunt at the same time, you will eventually experience an excessive delight that will be almost unbearable.'
'But how do you know all that?'
'Because, my dear, I have myself experienced it.'
'Oh! You naughty man! But you shall do whatever you like, only I will have this dear prick to be the first to enter my cunt. I can tell you it has been a severe trial not to have done so long ago, but I reserved that enjoyment for that ungrateful creature, and now I am as equally determined that he shall not be the first to have me. So, come along, I am longing to engulf this charming fellow within the folds of a cunt that has long thirsted for him.'
You may easily credit me when I say I was nothing loath. So, placing a pillow for her head, and a cushion for her arse, I laid her down on the hearth-rug and, after first gamahuching her until she spent, which was in a very few minutes in her excited state, and leaving all her spunk on the lips and inside, I mounted her. Then, rubbing the point of my prick two or three times up and down, so as to open the pouting lips, I directed it to the charming entrance, and slowly and deliciously pushed it quite up to the hilt. It was very tight, but there was no hymen to break, and the gentleness with which I urged its progress gave nothing but a pleasure to the dear girl who, in fact, could not restrain expressions of delight as I progressed in the introduction of its entire length.
'Oh! My God! How delightful, my dear fellow. Go on... go on. It is better and better. Oh! How delicious! There, I feel you up to my heart.'
I had just got up to the hilt. I waited a minute or two and then commenced with slow movements, drawing my prick nearly out and then thrusting it forward again. I had not made three or four of these moves when, with a scream of delight, I felt the dear girl pour down a perfect flood of hot boiling spunk, which rushed out all over my balls, drawing them up close to the root of my prick from the exciting warmth of the luscious liquid. I was obliged to keep perfectly still; the excitement was so great that I must have spent at once if I had made the least movement. The convulsive throbbings of her delicious cunt were almost sufficient to make me do so for I found she had that rare and natural gift of throbbing compressions, which we call the 'nippers' and the "French la casse noisette" (French- the nutcracker), a gift as rare to women as it is an exquisite delight to men. I have known elderly men who have never met with it, although it has been my luck to meet with it pretty frequently. I remember fucking two sisters, both blessed with this capability, and it was their ambition to excel each other in this delightful power.
It was not only in the power of 'nipping' that my beloved Louisa excelled, but there was a peculiar running and varied pressure or suction which seemed to embrace continuously the whole weapon as if it were in a velvet sheath with a mechanical action quite indescribable. She lay entranced for some time and then, oh, how she kissed and thanked me for the delight I had given her. She hugged me close to her bosom and, throwing both her legs over my loins, she began a most exciting and active movement. I remained almost passive, wishing to give her one more spend before I quitted the luxurious and lascivious recess in which I reveled with such delight. It did not require many seconds for, excited by having a prick really in her cunt, her passions ran riot and again she went off in the delicious crisis with cries of delight, even more, passionate than the first time.
Again I remained soaking in the delicious lubricity of her cunt, which throbbed even more lasciviously than before. I had, fortunately, mastered the movements of my prick, or I must have spent where I was, but knowing the danger it might be for my sweet friend, I had retained sufficient power over myself. We again began the soft dalliance that precedes the action of love and when I found her passions once more awakened and fully active, I withdrew my steaming prick from its delightful abode and directed its point to the rosy and beautiful aperture behind. I had previously introduced first one finger, and then two, well-wetted during our previous encounters, and had still two in when I withdrew my prick from her sweet cunt so that the way, to a certain extent, was prepared; and as my dick was well-covered to the very roots with the spunk she had so plentifully bedewed me with, I found less difficulty than might have been expected. Besides, the very fucking produces natural moisture in both entrances, and it always adds to the facility of entering a woman's arsehole to fuck her in the cunt previously.
Well, I glided in without much difficulty and, although she begged me to stop once or twice for a minute or so, the complete insertion was effected, it might almost be said, without pain. I then rested a minute or two. After that, passing my arm around her belly, I frigged her clitoris and, with the other hand gently pinching one of the rosy buttons of her breasts, a thing that gave her great additional excitement, I proceeded to move gently to and fro. Once her passion was excited, she became furious to have the utmost I could give her, and urged me to be as vigorous in my thrusts as I could make them. Her libidinous cries were the most exciting.
'Push it in, my dear fellow... faster... frig me well. Oh! It is overpowering. Oh! Oh! Shove harder. Ah! That is right, push your finger up my cunt. Oh! My God! I can't bear it, it is too much. I die! I die! Oh! Oh!'
And off she went at the very moment that I poured a full volley of spunk right up her guts. My finger at the last moment thrust up her cunt had added to the pressure on my prick through the thin lining that separated me from the interior of her cunt. Never, never, did I experience such exquisite pleasure. I had now the additional compression of the muscles of her arsehole to the 'nippers' of her cunt. I lay entranced and so excited that my prick hardly did more than slightly soften. That continued compression quickly brought it to a stand once more and as I had not withdrawn, I began to move very slowly backward and forwards, moving my finger from the inside of her cunt to her stiff clitoris. She, nothing loath, wanted little to re-excite her, and once more we plunged into the wild delirium of the completest and most intoxicating pleasures of coition and lascivious delight. When the grand crisis came, which it did simultaneously, she sank forward in a state of bliss. I fell with her, my prick still in, and lay almost senseless; we actually fell into a short slumber and awoke with my prick still a prisoner in her exquisite, delight-giving arsehole, in which it was held tightly engulfed up to the very root by the superb constrictive power possessed by my lovely and loving gaoler. (Jailor). It required a good pull to draw it out of the delightful bonds by which it was so firmly held and it emerged with a 'plop,' as a cork comes from a well-corked bottle.
We laughed heartily at the idea and, turning face to face, we lay clasped in each other's arms; our lips met in long and loving kisses and mutual suckings of our tongues; in fact, billing and cooing like two fond doves for some time before we could find words to express the mutual ecstasies which had enraptured all our senses in the wildest transports of love and lust.
Louisa, the dear sweet girl, fondly pressing me to her still pounding heart, declared she knew no words equal to describing the rapturous and voluptuous joys with which I had filled her until her very soul thrilled with delight.
'And do you know, you dear sweet fellow, that the exquisite sensations produced by your spunking in me behind, were of such overpowering, nay, maddening rapture, that it seemed as if it must annihilate me! I wonder if your spending in my cunt would be equal to the excessive and perfect delirium of pleasure you gave me in spunking into the other entrance. Before Tom marries me, you, my dear Harry, shall spunk into my cunt, for I am determined he shall now not be the first in any way, the ungrateful fellow.'
But she had now taken her revenge and could talk over more reasonably his apparent infidelity and the seeming mystery of the tall girl she had seen him with under such suspicious circumstances. She had really loved Tom, although, doubtless, our delightful and salacious intercourse had considerably weakened her earlier affections. But the world knew they were intended for each other and, woman-like, she could not bear the idea of being 'planted'-the bitterest pill a woman can swallow. Thus she was not inclined to make the breach irreparable.
'Besides, my dear Harry, I shall have the satisfaction and the pleasure of revenging myself as often as we can meet, and not alone for that, but because I have learned to love you dearly, you charming fellow. You will, won't you, fuck me as often as we can possibly meet, for you have become inexpressibly dear to me.'
And so we did and do; and you may be sure I swore to love her always and ever gratify her every wish.
She remained a few days after this, which we employed in renewing the exquisite scenes I have already described, and when she returned home with her aunt, who had only come up for a few days on family matters. Our last meeting was distinguished by an excess of efforts, each one more lascivious than the last. I spent five times, and I really believe she made up a dozen. We reluctantly withdrew from our close embraces, and I aided her to dress. When quite ready to go, she threw herself once more into my arms and, putting her hand on my shrunken and still damp prick, for I was perfectly naked, said,
'Harry, my love, you must indulge me once more in letting me suck this dear fellow, and receive a sweet mouthful of his delicious spunk. You know it is some time since I had that delight.'
'But, my love, you must let me purify myself first; remember where it has just come from.'
'No! No! No!' she said, 'I must have it as it is; is it not from my own body that it is so bedewed? There, stand, but turn your bottom; now stoop.'
She opened the cheeks of my arse, kissed my arsehole, and pushed her tongue in as far as it would go, which was so keen an excitement that I felt my almost exhausted prick begin to show some signs of renewed life. After toying thus for a short time, she wetted the entrance with her saliva and wetting also her finger, thrust it in as far as she could. Then, turning me around, she took the whole of my still soft prick into her mouth up to the very root, and while she worked her finger rapidly in my arsehole, she rolled about my prick in her mouth and sucked it with a salacious lubricity as exciting as it is rare to find. It could not fail to respond quickly to such lustful wantonness and stood as stiff as ever. Then, grasping its root with her free hand, she continued her exquisite manipulations and soon brought down the delicious discharge with such excess of pleasure that I thought I should have fainted, and could hardly keep my legs.
The dear creature greedily swallowed all and continued to suck until not a drop was left. She arose, smacking her lips, and declared it was sweeter than ever.
We then parted and I promised to look after Tom until her return.
Harry
-------------
Notes;
1. During my visit to London for studies where we had an Old Ancestral Home, I stumbled on a family treasure. Apart from other things I also found a hump of books, diaries, and notes in the treasure which contained classic, Age-old, Erotic books, Novels, and Magazines probably collected by my Ancestors. They are all timeless and precious. They are a must-read for all erotica lovers.
2. The Original Authors of these Stories/Letters or Articles are long dead or Anonymous.
3. Out of the aforesaid collection, presenting an amazing account which was first published 1874, of a sexually omnivorous photographer on the prowl in Paris (probably the first such book).
4. The letters were written by a friend, Mr. Harry from Paris. Harry Hargrove, photographer. Young, beautiful women come to Harry's studio to have their portrait taken, but while there, one thing leads to another, and randy Harry's life becomes one big Parisian orgy. Before internet porn, before porn videos, before porn movies, people lusting for raunchy, X-rated entertainment read pornographic books and magazines. Victorian and Edwardian England had its own adult entertainment industry - countless erotic novels were put out by shady publishers, some books were printed by the authors themselves, and most of the writers were anonymous. Many of these 19th-century books are surprisingly kinky, and some of them may be quite offensive to modern-day readers - in more ways than one. The anonymously written "Letters from a Friend in Paris" was first published in 1874. This novel in the form of letters is a great example of classic Victorian erotica.
--------------