Author's Note: The characters in this story, "Joy" and "I", were previously introduced in "Finally, My First Time", in which "I" gave his virginity to "Joy" in the first of a series of stories about the evolution of their relationship as they explore their sexuality together. They also were featured in "Happy Birthday to Me." While it isn't necessary to read the previous tales the background information will provide the reader with additional context that may add to their reading pleasure.
All characters are fictional; any resemblance to real persons is coincidental; the events depicted are the product of my very fertile imagination and/or personal bucket list. All characters are 18 years of age or older at the time of any sexual activity.
*****
Game Night... A group of friends decides to get together and play their favorite board or card games. Who among us hasn't spent at least one evening with good friends playing games? Wouldn't you consider having a Game Night a pretty tame way to spend time with friends?
I did until one Friday night in 1976. I was a relatively naïve 26 year old junior executive, head over hills in love with Joy, a 21 year old blue eyed, ash blonde beauty. Joy and I had become a couple a few months earlier, after attending our company's annual employee Christmas party together.
Shortly after our relationship began she accepted an opportunity to advance her career with a new employer, where she met Melanie. The two young women quickly became office buddies, then began to socialize outside the office.
When my 26th birthday approached, Joy decided to celebrate it by having a surprise birthday party for me, which Melanie and her husband, Peter agreed to host at their apartment. That night Joy and I stayed in Melanie and Pete's guest room overnight, where we had engaged in lovemaking so intense that our host and hostess ended up cheering us on through the wall between their bedroom and the guest room, much to our initial embarrassment.
Later Joy and I reflected on that night's activities. I had to admit that when I realized that our lovemaking had become an erotic performance for our audience of our two friends just on the other side of the wall it had simultaneously turned me on and embarrassed me. The discovery of that exhibitionistic tendency that I hadn't previously known to exist within me planted a seed that soon would grow.
Melanie and Pete's apartment quickly became our weekend love nest. We would arrive on Friday afternoon after work, spend the weekend together with our friends enjoying various activities and leave for home Sunday evening to prepare for the upcoming work week.
Joy and I took full advantage of those weekends to enjoy the opportunities to satisfy our passion, but only in private, behind the closed doors of our guest room love nest. We also took the precaution of pulling the bed away from the wall, preventing further incidents when our lovemaking became overenthusiastic.
After several weekends of partying with Melanie and Peter Joy told me that Melanie had suggested that we make the upcoming Friday night "Game Night". That sounded like a fun way to spend the evening so I immediately agreed to the idea. I volunteered to bring my favorite game, "Trivial Pursuit" and Joy brought "Yahtzee" and "Uno" from her collection. Mellie and Pete had a number of other games to choose from, so we expected a busy, fun night.
Friday night, after we all finished dinner and cleaned up the dishes we sat down at the dining table, ready to compete. We started the activities with Yahtzee, which was easily won by Joy. We moved on to my favorite game, Trivial Pursuit, where I easily defeated all comers, impressing everyone with my knowledge of the seemingly worthless facts that answered the obscure questions which appeared on the cards. We then started a game of Uno, but soon quit, finding it too boring. Playing Monopoly was discussed, but we all agreed that it was getting too late to start a game; it was likely to take hours to complete it.
Since it was still too early to turn in we each tossed out ideas for another game we could play. Pete pulled out a stack of board games, but each was considered and quickly rejected for one reason or another. Finally Pete suggested playing cards. We quickly found that we were all novices when it came to card games, and as a last resort Pete asked "How about Poker? Joy objected "I don't even know the rules." Melanie chimed in "I played poker one time. I sort of know how to play." At that point we all agreed to give the game a try.
We began to outline the rules we would play by, agreeing to deal five cards, with each player being permitted to discard as many cards as they wanted from the hand they were dealt and draw replacements. In order to keep the game simple, we would be limited to one round of draws, with the best hand winning at the end of the round.
Just when we thought we were ready to play Pete asked "What will we play for?" We all looked at each other questioningly, no one seeming to have a suggestion. Out of the blue Melanie blurted out "Our clothes... Let's play Strip Poker!" Pete looked at her like she had two heads and asked "Are you crazy?" I immediately perked up, titillated by the exciting possibility of getting naked for the girls and getting peeks of the unadorned charms of the two sexy ladies in the room.
Melanie answered "No I'm not crazy. Why not? We're all adults. Nobody has anything special to hide." She continued, "Let's make it really simple. The person with the worst hand at the end of each game has to take off an article of clothing. When a person loses all their clothes they are out of the game. The last one with any clothes on wins."
Pete turned to Joy and me and incredulously asked "Are you willing to play?"
My voyeuristic instinct reacted instantly 'C'mon, you know that you want these babes naked... Think about those hot tits and juicy pussies waving in your face... It'll be like the live shows at the adult theaters downtown, only better!' My manhood jumped enthusiastically beneath my pants.
My newly discovered exhibitionist side chimed in, daring me 'Go for it, man... Show off what you've got... You've been wanting to go to a nude beach or nudist resort... Here's your chance to see what it feels like... You'll love it!' My shaft began to swell with anticipation.
Simultaneously, the conservative, traditional side of me that usually ruled my behavior was resisting. 'Hold on... Let's just think about this for a minute... Are you sure that you really want to do this?... You may end up somewhere that you don't want to be!... You better not... What if somebody finds out you did this?... Your body isn't anything to write home about... Nobody wants to see what's in your pants... Do you want everyone to know that you're a pervert?'
Trying to appease all of the warring factions in my mind I answered as matter of factly as I could, "I will if Joy wants to."
Joy passed the buck to Melanie, "I will if Mellie will."
Melanie turned to Pete and challenged him, "Well, everyone is willing to play... Are you going to be a party pooper?"
Pete shook his head and reluctantly answered "Oh, I guess if everyone else is sure that they're OK doing it. I'll play".
Just when we thought we were ready to start Joy interrupted "Wait a minute. We all need to start out with the same number of clothes or the game's not fair." We all realized that she was right and compared what we were wearing. We decided that the girls would start out with slacks, shirts, bras, panties and a pair of socks, a total of six items. The guys would start out with slacks, shirts, undershirt, underpants and a pair of socks, also a total of six items. Belts, Jewelry, eyeglasses and other accessories would not count and couldn't be substituted for any clothing items. As I realized that this was really going to happen I could feel the blood begin to pool in my groin area.
We all looked around nervously at each other as we sat around the table, waiting for the first hand to be dealt. As she shuffled the deck Melanie paused for a moment, then suggested "Wait a minute. I have a better idea... These chairs are uncomfortable. Let's go in and sit on our bed. It's king size, so we'll have plenty of room, and it will be a lot more comfortable."
Up popped the yellow caution sign and a flood of thoughts came with it, 'Wait a minute... What's she up to?... Strip poker is one thing... This might turn into an uncontrollable orgy... Are you ready for that?' I recognized that we were approaching a fork in the road.
The pathway to the left might be an exciting trip into the world of nudity, flaunting my body, and ogling forbidden parts of a pair of beautiful, sexy, naked women... or it might be the road to depravity, perversity and destruction of my budding relationship with Joy.
To the right was the pathway to the world of traditional society. All my instincts encouraged me to follow the pathway to safety and normalcy.
Meanwhile, my more adventurous side was waving green flags and pointing to the pathway to the left, challenging me to take the risks along that road and promising that it would lead to an exciting and rewarding new life for my partner and me.
I paused, looking to Joy's body language for the right choice as I considered the two options. Finding no answers in her eyes I stood up, took Joy's hand in mine, and followed Melanie and Peter into their bedroom. Melanie sat down near the headboard. I sat at the foot of the bed, facing her. Joy sat to my right, facing Pete, who sat to my left. As we positioned ourselves I felt the stirrings of excitement between my legs as I anticipated what we had all agreed to do.
Mellie reached over to the nightstand next to the bed and switched on the radio, tuning to an oldies station. She turned down the volume, commenting "This music in the background will be relaxing while we play" We all murmured our agreement with her sentiments.
With tingles of excited anticipation combined with nervous butterflies fluttering in my stomach I looked across at Mellie, studying her features for the first time. Mellie was twenty two years old, fairly tall, about 5'9" and very slim. She had a full head of very kinky long yellow blonde hair and wore eyeglasses with very large round lenses surrounded by clear plastic frames. As she removed them, commenting "I won't be needing these" I saw her sparkling light blue eyes, perky little upturned nose, and inviting lips. I decided that she was girl next door cute, not beautiful, like Joy was.
As I continued to check out Mel I noticed her boyish chest, her breasts barely evident beneath her loose T-shirt. Her narrow waist flared to pleasantly curvy hips. Very long, slim legs, encased in tight jeans completed the picture. I looked forward to the opportunity to see her in the nude as the little voyeur in my mind imagined what her titties and lady bits would look like when they were uncovered.
I shifted my gaze to Pete. He was younger than Mellie, only twenty, and shorter than she and I, about 5'7" tall. He had thinning short dark hair and brown eyes. He was chunkier than I was, and had developed a small spare tire around his middle even at his young age. I wondered how his hidden package would compare to my own.
Turning to Joy I again realized how lucky I was to have found such a beautiful partner, admiring her silky ash blond hair, her sparkling blue eyes, her inviting lips and the incredible 5'6", 34B-24-34 figure that I knew was hidden by her loose fitting dress slacks. I realized that she was turned on by the idea as I noticed her erect nipples poking up beneath her shirt.
I paused for a moment to consider my own appearance. At barely 5'10" tall, weighing about 160 pounds I was on the smaller side of average. I was no Charles Atlas, but my body was firm, not flabby. At 26 years of age my full head of medium brown hair was beginning to develop flecks of grey around the edges. The tent that had arisen in my pants provided ample evidence of my excited anticipation as I struggled to maintain my tenuous control over my excitement level.
Scenes of writhing piles of naked bodies from the adult movies I had seen flickered through my mind, both exciting and terrifying me as I wondered if I was about to actually become a participant in such a scene.
Mellie took charge, taking the deck of cards and the sheet ranking the values for the hands from her husband and smiling brightly, she announced "Let's get this game on the road." She shuffled the deck of cards and dealt our first hand to each of us. We each looked carefully at the cards we had been dealt, deciding which we should keep and which to discard.
Joy decided to discard three cards and received three new cards from the deck, frowning at the result. I saw that I had a pair of sixes and three single cards and decided to discard my lowest single, a three, hoping to match one of the other cards. When I received my new card I saw that I hadn't improved my hand any and sighed to myself. Pete asked for two new cards, then smiled at the result. Mel completed the round by drawing four new cards, then called for Joy to show her hand. Joy smiled and revealed her hand, which included three tens. I showed my pair of sixes. Pete waved a pair of fours, and then Mel dropped her cards on the bed showing that she had no matches of any kind, exclaiming cheerfully "I guess I lose" and yanked the sock off her left foot, tossing it in the middle of the bed. We were off and running!
It was Joy's turn to deal the cards, so she shuffled the deck and distributed the cards without comment. I found a pair of twos in my hand, but decided to throw them away, along with a three, hoping to find a match with the two higher cards remaining as I drew new cards. I quickly realized that I had made a bad decision, as none of the cards matched. Pete kept all the cards he was dealt. Mel asked for two new cards, and Joy took one new card. I revealed my hand believing that I had lost the round. Pete showed us his pair of fives and pair of sevens. Mel revealed that she also had a hand with no matches. Joy showed her pair of jacks. Mellie and I compared our cards and my high card of nine beat her high card of eight. I quickly breathed a sigh of relief. Mel casually stripped the sock off her right foot, exclaiming "Here's the other one" and tossed it next to its mate.
Joy handed me the cards and I shuffled and distributed them. We each made our discards and compared the resulting hands. Pete chuckled as he informed us he had drawn a straight, five cards numbered consecutively. Mellie pouted prettily as she displayed a hand with no matching cards. Joy happily reported that she had three sevens, and I showed a pair of tens. Mellie piped up cheerfully, "I guess I lose again" and casually pulled her shirt up over her head, seemingly unconcerned. She tossed it aside, revealing the simple lightweight white bra beneath.
My eyes were drawn to the bumps created in each cup by the dark nipples inside, which were visibly excited as they hardened. I found myself fighting to resist my urge to release my hot, sticky joy juice into my pants. I wondered 'Is Mel losing on purpose... Is she scheming to have the four of us engage in sex together?'
I wasn't particularly attracted to Mellie's look, and hoped that any sexual activity the game evolved into would be limited to being with our own partners. I didn't want to be with Mellie and I didn't want Joy to be with Pete or any other guy.
As we became more familiar with the game and the cards the pace picked up. Cards were dealt, discarded, drawn and revealed quicker with each hand, and the pile of discarded clothing grew quickly. After Mellie lost the first three hands Joy lost the next two, prompting her to complain "This game is fixed. All the bad cards are going to the girls." Pete and I just chuckled in response, relieved that we were not losing.
Finally the guys' luck ended. I lost a hand, then Pete lost two in a row, adding three more socks to the pile. On the next hand Joy was again unlucky, and had to make a choice of which garment to remove. She decided to remove her slacks, commenting "This shirt is almost as long as a dress" as she wriggled out of her slacks, giving us a peek at the sexy white satin bikini panties beneath. The tent that had arisen in my pants grew larger as the white satin triangle peeked out from between her thighs.
I lost the next two hands, discarding my second sock and then my shirt. Pete lost his shirt, and then his undershirt, each time showing his reluctance to participate by his slow removal of each article of clothing that he lost. As his bare chest appeared Mellie joked "Gee Honey, your boobs are bigger than mine" generating a round of laughter at his expense as he gave her a dirty look while he blushed embarrassedly.
Melanie lost once more, and wriggled out of her jeans, leaving her in her skimpy bikini panties and bra. Since I was sitting directly across from her I was fortunate to notice that as she tugged on her jeans the panties came down with them, and I was able to enjoy a quick preview of her triangle of yellow blond curls that were visible momentarily. As she adjusted her panties a dark damp area above her crack became visible, her arousal clear for all to see. My excited penis jumped reflexively at the tease and filled even more.
I lost once again, and decided to toss my slacks into the pile, leaving me in just my undershirt and underpants. As my white cotton briefs were revealed my level of arousal was evident; my erection stretched the material outward and my swollen glans struggled to escape the constraints of the elastic waistband.
At the conclusion of the next hand Pete followed, surrendering his jeans while he muttered unhappily under his breath, and was left wearing only his tented white briefs. His excitement was evident regardless of his continuing reluctance.
On the next hand Melanie suffered the bad luck to have her pair of queens beaten by Pete's four twos, Joy's pair of aces and my three sixes, and had to choose between losing her bra or panties. Quickly deciding to surrender the bra, she reached behind her back and released the clasp, bent forward and slipped the straps from her shoulders. As the bra dropped to her lap she sat up straight and wiggled her chest, cheerfully exclaiming "Ta Ta" as she stretched out her arms and thrust her chest forward.
Joy singsonged "I see your Ta Tas" merrily in response, relieving the growing tension in the room momentarily. As Mellie posed with her naked chest pushed out the secret voyeur hidden within me pointed out that she was definitely a member of the 'Itty Bitty Titty Committee' and admired the perkiness of the long dark pointy nipples rising from the smooth hillocks that were perched proudly on her chest.
At the end of the next hand I lost again. The exhibitionist within me released a jolt of adrenalin, stimulating my heart rate to accelerate and my breathing to quicken as I became more excited. Straining to conceal the rush of emotions I was feeling as I inched closer to full nudity I pulled off my undershirt with alacrity in order to disguise my nervousness, and tossed it into the pile, joining Mellie and Pete in the "one step from losing" club. As Mellie saw my firm chest and waistline revealed she turned to her husband and teased "Look Dear, no spare tire" drawing another glare from Pete.
Fortunately for the three of us Joy became the next unlucky loser. She decided to be tricky, and wriggled out of her bra from beneath her T-shirt without revealing any skin as Mellie grumbled "Cheater." Joy shot back "You're just jealous that you didn't think of doing it."
On the next hand Joy got her reward for her trickery when she ended up with no matches at all in her hand and had to give up the shirt that she had struggled so hard to hang on to. Momentarily she considered discarding her panties instead of the shirt, wondering if she could rely on the length of it to shield her lady bits from view, but eventually decided against that option. She slowly stripped the shirt from her body, reluctantly revealing her perfectly shaped breasts and puffy pink nipples as Melanie let out a loud wolf whistle at the sight.
My nostrils detected the unmistakable scent of feminine arousal wafting across the mattress, mixing with the perfumes the girls were wearing. Glancing in Pete's direction to see his reaction to Joy and Melanie's nearly naked state I noticed Pete's eyes locked on Joy's breasts while they rose and fell as she breathed rapidly, embarrassed and excited at the same time.
As I watched Pete's reaction I discretely reached beneath the waistband of my briefs and adjusted my fully erect shaft to a more comfortable position, feeling the slippery moisture oozing from the tip and releasing the scent of my own arousal into the air as I teetered on the edge of eruption. I glanced down into Pete's lap and saw the tent created by his own erection and the dark spot where it was pressing against the white cotton, recognizing he was as excited as I.
All of us were down to our last item of covering as Joy dealt the cards once again. The tension mounted with our collective nervousness and excitement, wondering who would have to reveal themselves fully after the cards were played. I was the first to show my cards, and the best I could come up with was two threes. Pete had two eights. Was I going to lose? I began trembling inside as I nervously waited to see the next two hands.
Melanie revealed her hand, having only two twos. I breathed a momentary sigh of relief, knowing I was safe, then my concern turned to Joy. My gut clenched as the realization that my lover might become the first to reveal her most private parts, and I would have to watch it happen. My mind resisted that possibility; her demeanor while she played had clearly demonstrated that she didn't want to expose herself at all, let alone be first. Joy quickly showed the three tens in her hand, and I exhaled sharply in relief.
As soon as Mellie saw Joy's cards she excitedly blurted "Showtime!" She stood up on the bed, turned to face the wall behind the headboard, grasped the waistband of her panties, and bent over at the waist, showing us the smooth milky white globes of her derriere. She slowly wriggled the little panties over her hips and down her legs, allowing them to pool around her ankles. As they dropped, her pink slit, framed by golden curls, glistening with her slippery secretions, peeked out from the gap between her thighs. I found myself licking my dry lips in response to the exciting image I was seeing as I felt my own milky secretions leaking from the swollen helmeted tip of my penis beneath my briefs.
Mellie carefully stepped clear of the panties and slowly turned to face all of us. She stood proudly with her legs spread slightly apart, arms extended toward us in invitation, allowing us to examine every inch of her flesh. Her firm, pointy dark nipples pointed proudly outward from the matching quarter sized aureolae atop the smooth little mounds rising from her chest. Her chest tapered to her narrow, flat waistline, then curved out gracefully to her womanly hips, which split into long shapely legs ending in her dainty feet. The puffy mound at the juncture of her thighs was lightly covered by a wispy layer of golden curls, which parted in the middle to reveal the soft, wet pink folds sheltered beneath.
After she had given us all an opportunity to absorb the images of her feminine charms she began to sway gently to the beat of the music playing softly in the background. Gradually she increased the range of her movements, thrusting her pelvis back and forth as her hands roamed across her body, caressing her pointy nipples, roaming over her hips and thighs, barely touching them, and then sliding her fingers through the patch of silky curls into the slippery pink valley beneath. She slowly raised her glistening fingers to her lips and licked her sweet juices from them, remarking "Mmmmm... Yummy", licking her lips.
Her wanton behavior tempted me to reach for her naked body, while the more rational part of me held me back. My breathing quickened along with my heart beat. I felt my rock hard shaft pulsing beneath my briefs, on the verge of eruption, and lubricating secretions dripping from the opening at the tip of the painfully engorged head. I decided that Mellie was as lovely in her own way as Joy, but as much as I was tempted by the sight of her body I resisted the urge to do more than enjoy her charms with my eyes.
After we were all given sufficient time to absorb her image into our minds Mel sat down, legs crossed Indian style, spreading her thighs to their limit and stretching open the swollen deep pink entrance to her love tunnel. The firm little nub of her clitoris was glistening and swollen as it peeked from its hood, pleading to be touched.
I picked up the cards and as I shuffled them I looked into Mellie's eyes and said "That was a beautiful performance." She responded by shyly mouthing "Thank you, kind sir".
I dealt the cards. The three of us who remained in the game quickly finalized our hands. Pete started by showing us he had accumulated a full house of three threes and a pair of queens. Joy nervously showed her hand, only a pair of fives, and sat back waiting on her heels expecting to be beaten by my cards. Realizing that the moment that I had both feared and craved was at hand I took a moment to look Pete in the eye, then Joy, and announced "I have nothing."
The exhibitionist within me danced with excitement.
My inhibitions prodded me to quit and end the game.
I banished the inhibitions from my mind, yielding to the urgings of my exhibitionistic side to proceed.
I nervously stood up on the bed as I had seen Mellie do a few minutes earlier. Heart pounding in my chest, I took a deep breath, then grasped the elastic waistband of my briefs. Bending at the waist, I pulled them down my legs slowly and stepped out of them. As I slowly returned my torso to a full upright position my thick, fully engorged 6 ½ inch cock, surrounded by the light brown forest of curly pubes at the base reached proudly toward the ceiling, topped by the deep scarlet mushroom shaped head that was glistening with my juices, a drop of thick, milky secretions perched on the tip.
Ever the smart mouth, Mellie blurted out "Oooooooohhh... Lucky girl, Joy... Mister, would you mind if I taste that lollipop!" while one hand discretely slipped into the moist folds between her legs and began moving in small circles atop her excited clit.
I ignored the temptation to step across the mattress to Mellie and permit her to take her pleasure with the object of her interest. Once again my love for Joy gave me the strength to resist.
I turned to my right ninety degrees so I directly faced Joy and looked her in the eye as she awkwardly looked on, both hands clenched tightly together in her lap, and reassured her "They can see, but only you can touch."
I pivoted to face Pete, affording him the opportunity to observe what the girls were seeing, then turned my attention back to Mellie. With the image of her sexy performance fresh in my mind I decided to give her a show of my own to remember.
As I turned to face her I took my swollen shaft carefully in my left hand and slowly stroked up and down a few times, expelling a globule of milky white precum from the opening. My urge to ejaculate approached the point of no return, forcing me to remove my hand from my fat cock. I stood motionless, afraid that so much as a breath would release the explosion I was struggling mightily to prevent as my juices formed into a rope which slowly stretched toward the mattress below.
When I had regained enough self control to move without triggering my ejaculation I turned to face away from Mellie, opened my legs to shoulder width and bent over, touching my toes, revealing my puckered anus and the walnut shaped testicles that were tightly encased within their dangling sac.
Mellie excitedly gushed "Great Butt".
My ego inflated to the breaking point. I turned back to once again face Mellie and sat down, my erection proudly pointing upward from my lap as I basked in the warm glow of satisfaction with the outcome of the game to this point.
Mellie picked up the deck and silently handed it to Pete, who began to deal the cards to Joy and himself. Before the cards were fully distributed he abruptly stopped. We all held our collective breaths while he debated whether or not to continue. After an interminable tense silence he shook his head firmly from side to side as if to clear the fog of doubt from his mind, then finished distributing the two hands, resolved to see the game through to the conclusion.
I watched anxiously as Joy picked up her cards tentatively, fearful of what they would reveal. Expressionless she repositioned her cards in her hands. Pulling three cards from her hand she laid them down and calmly spoke, "Three cards please". Pete drew the requested cards from the deck one by one and placed them in front of her. As Joy glanced at the three new cards her shoulders sagged slightly, clearly not the cards that she hoped for.
Pete announced "I'll take one card", calmly laying down his one throwaway and lifting the top card from the deck. As he glanced at his new card he grimaced slightly. Both remaining players clearly were not happy with their hands.
It was Joy's turn to reveal her hand, announcing "A pair of twos."
Pete's shoulders slumped dejectedly as he laid down his cards face up without a word. We saw that he had no matches. Joy was the winner! She reacted by throwing her arms to the sky, shouting "Yessss" excitedly in relief.
I exhaled sharply, relieved that my gorgeous girlfriend would not have to reveal her lady bits to our host and hostess.
As Pete sat cross-legged on the bed dejectedly, making no move to reveal himself to the rest of us, Melanie turned to him and gently encouraged him, "You can do it, Honey... stand up proudly. I did it... Rick did it... So can you!" Mellie reached her hand out to him and pulled him gently by the hand until he reluctantly stood himself upright.
Pete hesitantly reached both hands to his waistband and tentatively bent at the waist and began sliding his briefs down until they were in a puddle surrounding his feet as Mellie loudly encouraged him "Do it Baby... show us what you're made of..." Pete stretched his torso fully upright revealing his fully erect manhood pointing at the ceiling. I saw that Pete's organ was almost as long as mine, but mine was much wider in girth. The purplish red head twitched with each beat of his heart, shiny with his slippery secretions.
Clearly uncomfortable with his exposure, Pete quickly sat back down on the mattress while the ladies cheered and whistled in appreciation.
Suddenly Joy jumped to her feet, exclaiming "Fuck it... If everyone else can do this I can too!" and quickly slipped her damp panties down her legs. Once her feet were free of the panties she pirouetted in circles on the bed, allowing all of us to enjoy the view of her charms from all angles as she spun.
Melanie jumped to her feet and grabbed Joy's hand in hers. Turning to Joy she exclaimed "Let's dance". Joy nodded in agreement and, with arms locked around each other's waists, the two lovely ladies began to improvise a Rockettes style performance, complete with high leg kicks which revealed the glistening secret areas hidden beneath their light patches of fur, swollen clits and the puffy pink portals leading to paradise along with their swaying and bouncing titties, pointy nipples diamond hard with excitement at their tips. As they concluded their impromptu performance they bowed in unison.
After they finished their bows Joy reached out and pulled me to my feet and Mel did likewise to Pete. Mel exclaimed "C'mon guys... Dance with us', and began to do the Twist as Chubby Checker rocked from the speakers. Joy quickly followed her example, and Pete and I reluctantly joined in. As we gyrated my swollen penis swung wildly back and forth, slapping against my thighs with each swing, sending jolts of pleasure shooting throughout my body. My gaze jumped from bouncing boobies to winking pink slits, first Joy's, then Mellie's, and back to Joy's.
As turned on as I had become from fully revealing my body to my friends and as much as I was enjoying the excited nude bodies around me, the traditional side of my nature pondered where we were heading. While we danced I wondered 'How far am I willing to take this adventure with Joy and our friends... Can I engage in sex, right here, right now with everyone...? Am I willing to do anything...? With anyone...? Am I willing to have any contact with another guy...? Am I willing to pair off with Joy while Mellie and Pete have sex together on this bed, watching and being watched by them...? Am I willing to share partners?'
Fortunately the choices were soon taken from my hands, courtesy of my beautiful lover.
After a few minutes of dancing strenuously I flopped back down to a seated position on the bed, followed by the others. As we all breathlessly huffed and puffed from our exertion, trying to catch our breath, Joy gasped "I need to get laid... now! Come with me." At that she scrambled off the mattress and grasped my shaft tightly, tugging me to my feet on the floor, then out the bedroom door, calling back to our friends "G'night Mel... G'night Pete."
Joy led me back to the guest bedroom, pulled me inside, and slammed the door closed with her backside. Reclining against the door she wrapped her arms tightly around my neck, kissing me passionately. I responded in kind and ground my erection into her sopping furry mound. Joy reacted by wrapping her legs tightly around my waist and squeezing her slippery slit up and down around my throbbing shaft as I jammed her tightly against the door with my body.
I slipped a hand beneath each of her cheeks, carried her to our bed and lowered her to the surface, then climbed between her open thighs. Without further preliminaries I plunged my rod into her flooded tunnel of pleasure, stretching her walls apart as it drove relentlessly into her depths, the spongy tip finally colliding with her cervix. Joy grunted at the impact, then demanded "Fuck me hard... Now!"
I slowly withdrew my throbbing cock from within her, the friction of her grasping walls generating waves of pleasure throughout my groin. Leaving only the tip of my shaft within her I paused for a moment. Joy impatiently begged "Fuck me now, dammit... I need it now!"
I thrust my hips forward again, driving myself back into the depths of her body, jolting the breath from her lungs as I again bottomed out. Joy responded, crying "Harder!"
I again drove into her, slapping our groins and thighs together loudly. A deep moan escaped her lips as she demanded "Faster".
I lowered my elbows to either side of her torso to support my weight and grasped her breasts in my hands, rolling her puffy pink nipples between my fingers. I sawed back and forth mercilessly inside her, pounding her into the mattress as she moaned and met each thrust with an equally intense thrust of her own.
In... Out... In... Out... IN... OUT... IN.. OUT.. IN. OUT. IN.OUT. INOUTINOUTINOUT!!
"Faster... OOOOHHH... Harder... AAAAHHH... Faster... MMMMMM... More... OOOOOOOO... Faster".
Suddenly she moaned "I'MMM... CUMMMMIIINNNGGG" as she tightened her legs around my back and arms around my neck, crushing my torso to hers as she exploded in orgasm, her tunnel walls spasming uncontrollably, clamping down tightly around my pulsating manhood. Her spasms triggered my eruption as spurt after spurt of my milky white cum exploded against her cervix, mixing with the river of juices flowing from deep within her, flooding her womb. A long, loud "UUUUUUUUNNNGGGHHH" erupted from deep within me. The jackhammer of my heartbeat reverberated within my chest. My ears roared like Niagara Falls. A universe of brilliant stars exploded in my eyes. The world disappeared into a deep, dark void.
Huffing and puffing like a steam locomotive from my extreme exertion I collapsed onto her with my heart threatening to explode from my chest. Realizing that Joy needed to breathe too, I quickly raised up on my elbows and brought my lips to hers, murmuring softly "I love you Joy... I really, really love you... I don't want anyone else... only you!"
Joy cried out "ILOVEYOUILOVEYOUILOVEYOU... WOW!" As she tightly wrapped her arms and legs around me. "I don't want anyone else either."
I laid atop her as our breathing and racing heartbeats gradually returned to normalcy. Slowly my shrinking shaft, fully drained, retracted from her flooded tunnel, followed by a river of our combined juices. I rolled onto my back beside her. Twisting onto her side to face me Joy stretched an arm across my chest as she laid her cheek on it and wrapped her sticky thighs around one of mine then softly spoke "THAT was CRAZY!"
I pulled the bedding over our still recovering bodies, wrapped my arms tightly around her with my lips firmly kissing hers and murmured "The BEST Ever... I love you more than you can ever realize!"
We both closed our eyes and soon drifted into a deep, satisfied sleep filled with dreams of naked bodies doing exciting things in unexpected places.
*****
Thanks for reading. I hope that you enjoyed reading my tale as much as I enjoyed creating it. Don't forget to vote!