By Don Gordon
The story so far: I'm a 23-year old American who's just finishing up a one year work stint in Japan as an English professor in a small college on the coast south of Tokyo. Here I was all set to go home, when suddenly one morning, one of my students, a cute 19 year old named Ai, gives me a peek up her skirt. She's going commando, and it turns out she is doing it to get me to stay another year. Problem is I've got a girlfriend back in the States, Elise, but anyway, I got so worked up about the whole thing, I developed a fever, and ended up staying home from work. The next morning Ai shows up at my flat, starts cooking for me, doing my laundry, and generally driving me crazy by walking around naked. Where I left off last time, she had just gone off to check in on her grandfather who lives nearby.
Around suppertime, Ai showed up again with more groceries, which she finally let me pay her for. She cooked another great meal. Under her care, I was starting to feel much better. After supper, she got out her English textbooks, and worked on her homework asking me questions every once in a while. Before I knew it, it was getting pretty late.
"Hadn't you better be getting home?"
"That's OK. I already phoned my parents. I told them I was staying with Asuka."
I didn't know that much about Asuka, but apparently the two of them were good friends. According to Ai, Asuka had been going out with the same guy for quite some time. She was apparently the one who had told Ai that 'going commando' gets guys hot. I was kind of shocked by this. I thought that most of the women in our college were quite shy, and generally knew little about such things. Asuka, it turns out, was quite a font of little tidbits about handling guys. I wasn't used to being 'handled' although once I'd thought about it, I realized that Elise probably treats me the same way. Elise, mind you, always wears underwear.
"Can I take shower?" Ai asked. The question caught me off guard. This was all starting to get a bit more serious than I'd expected. I appreciated all her help, but I'd been thinking that at some point, she would head home. Ai, however, had other ideas. On the other hand, it was kind of nice having her around, and if I ever get my strength back, I'd like to... well, get to know her better. In any case, I didn't want to argue with her, so I lay back down, and mumbled,
"Uh, yeah... OK... sure."
She looked happy. She gathered up her stuff, and headed into the washroom. While she was in the shower, the doorbell rang. I had no idea who it was, so I just ignored it. It rang again, and Ai came out of the washroom, dripping wet, clutching a towel in front of her.
"Who is it?" she whispered. I shrugged. She tiptoed over to the door, and peeked through the hole. The towel she'd grabbed was too small to wrap around her, so I could see her bare ass. She spread her legs as she went up on tiptoe to see out. Just below her cute butt cheeks, I could see this black tuft of pubic hair dripping water. Oh no. Here we go again.
"It's old man wearing glasses... probably NHK." The national TV broadcasting network. They came around every so often to collect a twenty-dollar subsidy, sort of like a tax.
"You no want to pay?" she asked me, glancing over her shoulder at me, her legs apart. Again I was finding it hard to concentrate on the question given her provocative pose. Unfortunately, the guy outside heard her voice, and called out,
"{Good evening. It's NHK.}"
I reluctantly sat up, and looked around for my wallet. Ai cautiously unlocked the door, and opened it just wide enough to peek her head out.
"{Sorry. You've come to collect the subsidy, haven't you? Just wait a moment, and I'll bring it.}" Her Japanese was so polite. I wondered how she could be so calm standing there soaking wet in just a tiny towel a few feet from a complete stranger. She let go of the door, expecting it to close, and came back to get the money from me.
The NHK man, understandably curious on seeing a half naked beauty answer the door, pushed it open till he could see Ai now standing with her bare back to him, still clutching the small towel to her breast. I gave her the money, and she turned to run back to give it to him. On seeing him standing there staring at her, she stumbled, and lost her grip on the towel. It dropped to the floor, leaving her buck naked. The old guy seemed pretty shocked.
"Kyaaa!" she cried out scrambling to pick up the towel with her free hand. Her cheeks had gone rosy red, but I couldn't help wondering if she hadn't half planned it to happen like this. Her breasts rose, and fell rapidly as she breathed in and out. Her nipples had perked right up.
These NHK blokes are for the most part quite a serious lot, but this particular one was making no bones about staring at Ai. She reached down with her free hand for the towel, and vainly tried to spread it across her front. She was so nervous that she dropped the towel again. Covering her pussy with her free hand, she walked over to him, completely naked, and handed him the money. She looked so embarrassed. The man was awestruck, but continued to stare at Ai as she came back, and scooped up the towel.
"{Sorry. I was in the shower,}" she explained.
The two of us stared at him. He slowly came out of his stupor, and realized he had to give us a receipt. He was so rattled that his hands shook as he tried to punch my name and such into his handheld receipt machine. Ai had finally got the towel spread out wide enough to cover both her breasts and pussy, but she was shivering.
"{It's a bit cold. Would you mind shutting the door?}"
He looked at the door and then us, unsure whether to stay in or go out, but eventually opted to stay on the inside. He kept looking over at Ai nervously, but she continued to face him in order to hide her bare behind. Eventually, he handed her the receipt, and excused himself. As soon as he was gone, Ai looked at me, and broke out laughing. She started twirling the towel around above her head doing this little dance, obviously enjoying being naked.
"That was so funny. You see his face? Look so surprised, ne?" She started jumping up and down, and eventually jumped right over on top of me knocking me back onto the bed. I knocked my head against the headboard. Dazed I looked at her as she gyrated her sexy hips back and forth while straddling me. She noticed I was hurt, and leaned forward to kiss me on the forehead. Overcome with desire, I reached out to grab her, but somehow she managed to slip out of my grasp. She ran over, and plopped her cute behind down on the step by the front door, and started to buckle up her sandals.
"Ai, what? Where are you going?"
She held up the towel.
"To get bigger towel. Must be dry now."
"Ai!"
She stood up, holding the towel in one hand, and put the other on the doorknob.
"Don't worry. I be right back." She peeked out through the hole again, and judging that the NHK man had gone, lifted the towel to cover her front, and carefully opened the door. Her bare bottom and legs were still glistening with water from the shower. She stepped out very cautiously at first, but then the door fell shut, and it was quiet. I was so worried that I got up, put on my house robe, and hurried out after her.
It was pretty dark out, but some of my neighbors still had their lights on. A couple of blocks away, there was a major street, and you could hear the cars. My heart was pounding with worry, but the cool night air helped calm my lust. I ran up to the roof, and found her squatting down at the edge of the roof looking down at the street. She had already found one of my large towels, and wrapped it around her. She looked over at me, smiling.
"It's nice night," she murmured happily. I squatted down next to her. A gentle breeze tossed about the wisps of her long black hair. She looked rather beautiful outlined against the dark starry sky.
"Aren't you sleepy?" I asked. She shut her eyes, pretending to go to sleep, and then opened them again.
"OK. Let's go back."
I looked at her as she walked on ahead, the large fuzzy towel wrapped tightly around her. I felt so confused. One minute, she acted like this crazed nympho; the next, a calm and gentle saint. How could the same woman pull all these crazy stunts? It's a lucky thing the guy from NHK didn't freak when she kept dropping the towel. I almost did.
We walked back to my room, and then she picked up her bag, and disappeared into the bathroom again. When she came out, she was wearing a long and fairly conservative nightie. It looked like an overly long t-shirt that went down almost to her ankles. First, the jeans this afternoon, and now this. It seemed like she dressed conservatively most of the time. Sure, the miniskirts she wore in class were pretty revealing, but that's the fashion.
I had a shower too, and when I came back out, she had spread two spare futons from my closet on the floor. It may seem strange, but I almost felt relieved. I had half expected her to jump into bed with me, but in any case, I was still sick. I got into my own bed. She turned out the lights, and tucked herself in.
"Good night," she said cheerfully. Soon, she was fast asleep. I lay there watching her for a while, and then drifted off to sleep myself.
In the middle of the night, I heard some noise, and woke up. Ai came out of the washroom, and went over to my fridge. Noticing I was awake, she turned to me, and announced,
"No more juice."
I was feeling a bit dehydrated myself, so I got up, and had a look. It seemed we'd polished off all the stuff she'd bought that day.
"There's a twenty four hour convenience store, just down the way a bit," I mused.
She got out her backpack, and started to put on her sandals.
"You can't go out there alone. It's the middle of the night."
She turned, and looked at me, her dark eyes glistening in the light. She clearly took this as an expression of affection on my part.
"OK, OK. I'll go with you."
I fished out a pair of clean pants from my closet, but seeing her watching me, I moved around the corner out of her view. Jeez, this is silly. I've seen her naked plenty. Why am I hiding? I got my pants on when I noticed her peeking around the corner. For some reason, I felt so embarrassed.
"Don't be shy. You have nice body," she assured me.
I took a deep breath. Where was this all leading? Ai and I were growing closer all the time, and I was finding it harder and harder to fight it.
When I was all changed, I went to the door to find her still standing there in her nightie, backpack and sandals.
"You're not going out like that, are you?"
"Yes," she nodded and smiled as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
When we stepped out, I noticed the air was a bit cooler now, so I went back in, and got her this thick navy hoodie I have.
"You better take this," I said handing it to her. She giggled at my gallantry, and dutifully put it on. If she pulled it down, it would almost cover her hips, but she left it up around her waist, deliberately showing off her cute derriere.
We made it down to the convenience store, and went in. It was lit up so brightly inside it took a moment for my eyes to adjust. As I got used to the light, I slowly realized that Ai's nightie was hugging her hips pretty tightly. It wasn't exactly see-through, but you could sort of see the crack of her buttocks. It was pretty obvious that she wasn't wearing any underwear. I looked nervously over at the cashier, but he wasn't really paying attention to us. Ai bent over to take a look at the drinks on the shelves, her heart-shaped ass sticking up in the air. Worried she might be seen, I moved around beside her to block the view from the counter.
She picked out some drinks, and walked back to the counter. Her nightie was so tight she would wiggle forward with these short steps almost as if someone had tied her at the ankles. It was the same way women in kimono walk.
When I went to pay, the cashier looked at me somewhat jealously. I guess he thought Ai was pretty cute. He stared at her breasts, which stuck way out as she struggled to take her backpack off. Once we left the store, and were out of earshot, I went into professor mode again.
"Don't tell me you're going commando again."
"Un? Commando? What's commando?"
"Oh you know, without underwear. What did you call it again? Nopan."
She smiled widely,
"Really? So you call it 'commando.' Sure, I'm commando. I never wear panties to bed. Do you?"
"Well, no, but that's not the point. At least, I got dressed before we headed out."
She didn't seem at all convinced that this was a good thing. We walked down the road a bit, and then she headed off away from my apartment.
"Where are you going?"
"There's park this way. Let's sit, drink in park."
I followed her down, and before too long, we came to a small wooded park surrounded by houses and apartments. I guess I'd been here before, but was surprised she knew about it. Not far from the entrance, she found a small gazebo-like shelter with concrete blocks to sit on. She took out two bottles of juice from her backpack, and handed me one. We both drank quietly till our thirst had been quenched.
"Hey, look. Buranko. How do you say in English?"
"Swings."
She got up excitedly, ran over, and sat down on one.
"Give me push."
I felt a bit self-conscious, but in any case, there was no one else in the park, and the trees shaded us from view of the surrounding houses. Everyone was probably asleep anyway. I walked over behind her, and started to push. I put my hands on her back at first, but she didn't seem to like this, and would just lean forward to tease me. I moved my hands further down, and gently placed my fingers on her waist just under where the hoodie stopped. The material of her nightie was so thin I could feel her soft skin through it. She giggled playfully as I pushed her, and she kept trying to look over her shoulder at me.
After a while, she got off, walked around behind the swing, and tried to stand up on the seat. Her nightie was way too tight, so she could barely lift one leg off the ground. She bent over, and lifted the long hem up, first past her calves and knees and then almost all the way up her thighs. She stopped giggling, and looked over at me to check my reaction. Still feeling self-conscious, I could just muster a weak grin. She started looking around, and I could tell she was up to something. There weren't any lights in the park, but the moon was shining brightly. The leaves on the trees obstructed the view from the street, but you could still make out the apartments beyond.
Not feeling safe, she walked over into the shade of the gazebo where we'd been sitting. The light was dimmer there, but I could still see her holding on tightly to the hem of her nightie. She looked over at me, shifting nervously from foot to foot, clearly not having the nerve to do what she was contemplating: take off her nightie. The main worry was the apartment building right behind us. The lights all seemed to be out, but it directly overlooked the park, and you could sort of see the balconies through the treetops.
I was going to tell her to stop when she suddenly squatted down in the shadow of one of the cement blocks. I couldn't see very well, so I walked over towards her.
"Anybody watching?" her voice came softly through the darkness. I looked around, and before I knew it she had pulled the nightie and hoodie up over her head. I moved closer. I could scarcely believe it. There she was completely naked in the middle of this public park, frantically trying to untangle the hoodie from the nightie. I moved my body to block the view from the park, and looked around for signs of life. She finally got her clothes apart, and quickly pulled the hoodie back on over her head. I could still seem the round cheeks of her bottom sticking out from under the hem, but at least she wasn't buck naked anymore.
She folded the nightie, put it in her bag, and stood up. Her eyes went wide, scanning the park for signs of people. At first, she didn't fix the hem of the hoodie, leaving her black pubic hair in full view. She slowly pulled down the hem till it almost covered her bush at least, but when she turned, I could still see the cheeks of her rear.
The whole thing was getting me horny. I sat down on the concrete, and pulled her toward me till she was sitting on my lap. I didn't touch her at first. My erection was growing just at the thought of her sitting there on my lap bottomless. She took a hold of my hand, but stood up, shot me a fearful glance, and held her index finger up over her lips, signaling for me to be quiet. She was listening to hear if anyone was coming. I realized she was right; we couldn't very well have sex out in the open, but the way her delicate fingers were tightly wrapped around mine and the seductive tilt of her hips was making it hard to resist.
Quivering slightly, she let go of my hand, and scanning the edge of the park took a step in the direction of the swings. I stayed sitting there on the concrete, and just watched her. She had this mixed look of fear, pleasure and embarrassment on her face. It was clear enough what turned her on, but I was slowly beginning to realize how much I was enjoying her games.
She looked back at me, and then, mind made up, stepped out from under the roof into the moonlight. Though the bareness of her legs was now clearly visible, she looked normal. The hoodie went down low enough that a passerby might believe she had a pair of shorts or something on underneath. What made it so nerve-wracking is that she and I knew that she didn't.
When she got to the swings, she looked back expecting me to come push again. As I stood up, I could feel my cock straining against my pants. I straightened it out, and quickly walked over behind her. However, when she raised her arm to grab the chain, the hem of the hoodie shot up a good few inches leaving her ass hopelessly exposed. She indicated that she wanted to stand up on the seat of the swing rather than get her bottom dirty sitting down. I tried to grab her by the waist, but my hands slipped on the hoodie, so I reached up inside, and wrapped my fingers around her soft warm flesh. Despite the cool breeze, her skin was burning, almost as if she'd caught my fever. Once she got up on the seat, she spread her legs far apart to keep her balance, but this gave me an excellent view of her moist pussy.
Unable to control myself any longer, I reached out, and took hold of her leg kissing her on the bottom.
"Ahh!" she cried out in what sounded like pleasure. "Don't do that. Oshite! Push!"
She wiggled her ass back and forth. I took a deep breath to calm down, and placed my hands on her bare bottom to give her a push. She gave out a squeal, but started swinging. If we keep this up, someone will hear us for sure. She swang back and forth higher and higher. She raised her hands even higher on the chain obviously enjoying the feeling of the breeze on her pussy. She tilted her hips this way and that showing off her beautiful round butt. I wished I'd brought a camera.
Suddenly, her frolicking was interrupted by what sounded like a car door slamming shut. She squatted down, and I grabbed the chain to slow her down. She jumped off, and pulled the hem down to cover up. We both stood still, and peered off in the direction of the noise. It sounded like it came from the street that ran along the edge of the park just the other side of a dense line of trees behind us. I motioned for her to hide in the shade of the gazebo, while I walked over to the park entrance to see what was going on.
Once there, I looked out both ways down the street. There was a black mini-van parked not far down the street on the left, and a Japanese guy around my age walking the other way down towards a vending machine on the sidewalk. It was dark and hard to see, but I thought I saw a girl sitting in the passenger seat of the van. What is this park? Some kind of famous make-out spot?
I hurried back to the gazebo. Ai had packed away the drinks, and put on her backpack, but was still dressed in just the hoodie.
"It's some couple in a van. You'd better put your nightie back on."
"No, they might come. Hurry. Let's go."
We heard the crash of a pop can coming out of the vending machine, so we both hurried off the other way towards the opposite entrance. Her legs kept worrying me. I guess it looked alright, but I kept wondering if other people would be able to tell that she had nothing on underneath.
There's one major street that we had to cross to get back to my apartment. When we got there, the light was red, so Ai stood back, and hid behind the wall at the corner. A car came up alongside us, but Ai did a pretty good job of acting like nothing was wrong. Unable to contain my curiosity, I asked,
"Do you always go commando?"
She looked back at me nervously without answering.
"What was it again? Nopan?"
Ai glanced sideways at the car next to us. The driver didn't seem to be paying attention.
"Don't say that," she whispered angrily.
"What? He doesn't understand English."
"No, you said..." and she mouthed the word 'nopan.' By now, the driver had noticed us, and was looking over at Ai in her short hoodie. Fortunately, the light changed so he had to go. Still, she was right. I should have been more careful. I have to say one thing for her; she is an expert at not being discovered. I doubt that anyone at school even suspected that she was walking around commando, apart from Asuka.
Once we were across the road, and safely on a side street, Ai finally answered.
"No, of course not. I told you. This week first time."
"Were you like that all day?"
She looked up and down the street, and then more closely at the houses, shops and apartments on either side. She ran ahead a bit, and turned into a small parking lot that was fenced off from the road. She took off her backpack, and squatted down to take out the juice, but this was clearly just a pretext to show me her pussy. She spread her legs wide open to make sure I got a good look, and then asked,
"Why? I do something wrong?" The tips of the hair between her legs were glistening wet with her love juices. She beamed up at me with this absolutely wicked look in her eye. It was starting to get light out causing the pink flesh of her legs to stand out all the more starkly.
"You'd better put on your nightie before someone spots you."
She stood up, and looked around, obviously wondering if she could get away with changing right there in the parking lot. People's lights seemed to be coming on, and we could hear the traffic a block away getting heavier.
"I can't change here."
"Well, c'mon. Anyway, let's go. The longer we wait, the more chance you'll be discovered."
She straightened the hoodie, and headed back towards the street. I guess it was because I knew she had no underwear on, but the way her hips swayed as she walked looked so goddamn sexy. It was driving me crazy.
At the far end of my street, we came to a coin laundromat. She looked at it curiously, and then went in. Both walls were lined with washers and dryers, but at the back around the corner, there was a sort of lounge with a bench to sit down on. She went in, and took off her backpack seemingly happy with her discovery.
"See if someone coming."
I went back out onto the street, but it still seemed pretty quiet, just the sound of birds chirping, and no sign of anyone. There was a public bath next door, but it hadn't opened yet. I walked back.
"Looks OK."
She pulled her arms from the sleeves into the main body of the hoodie, and stood there a moment peering nervously toward the front. Finally, she pulled it up and over her head, naked once more. She looked so incredibly out of place standing nude in the middle of this laundromat. I moved closer to block the view from the door.
She picked up her nightie, but in her anxiousness, was having trouble finding the bottom. She smiled awkwardly at me trying to hide her mounting fear. Finally, she got it, and slipped it over her head, breathing a deep sigh of relief. I still couldn't quite understand why she did these things if it made her so afraid, but it certainly made life interesting.
To be continued in Year Away in Japan 4
Don Gordon