I agreed to model for a friends art class and was absolutely humiliated...
When I first moved to this city I was poor and struggling to make ends meet. I had started a new industry at an entry level position, I waited tables on the side and had a lot of bills to pay off. I had just broken up with an ex boyfriend and filled my time with my career. Now I run my own branch.
I appreciated people with the drive to create something new and work hard to do it. I think that's why I felt inclinded to help. (Also, Im kind of going through a sexual exploration since I just got married and feel more open about things. Just last week I got naked after work and almost got caught doing it).
Last night one of my employees, Brad, mentioned to a group as we were packing up, that he created a photography class at night called Booze and Click. Brad is in his 30s and new to the job, but he's a nice guy who works hard. He was panicking because that night he had a ton of new clients/donors coming and this was his chance to get the word out. But his model backed out. He couldn't find a replacement.
As everyone left the office I felt compelled to stop him.
I asked what he needed. He explained that a huge group of adults were coming to practice their boudoir photography skills and drink alcohol. It was fun and informative he said.
But he needed a model to be dressed in lingerie to pose for two hours while he instructed others to take photos.
I asked what happened if he didnt have a model. He said he was fucked. He had spent weeks trying to get donors to this event and needed it to be perfect.
"I'll help." I apparently said. I couldn't believe i said it. But the words came out of my mouth. His jaw dropped.
"I mean, um, if I am, like, what you need." is some form of what I said.
"You would be perfect!" He said. "Are you sure you want to pose like that? Do you have experience?"
I started to answer but he stopped me.
"Sorry, it doesn't matter. You're perfect."
"When is it?" I asked.
"Thirty minutes." he answered.
"Oh. That's soon. Ok let me freshen up and I'll drive over."
The only issue in the back of my mind was because of husband had been out of town for work, I hadn't shaved in awhile. I kept my legs and armpits shaved because it was comfortable...but my privates...it looked like it was the 1970s. But I figured if it was lingerie it would fine.
He left to get ready and I went straight to the photography lab. There were many cars parked in the front already. Brad came to greet me and quickly guided me to the changing room. He showed me a wall of clothing I could wear, explained I would walk out in a robe, take it off, he'd walk me through the poses and then I'd be done. He was so nervous it made me feel more nervous.
He left and I quickly stripped and pulled on a black lacy bra, a see through black panty with a cute little back, a garter and a pair of heels in my side. He had a great collection sized out and it was easy to find what I needed.
I looked in the mirror - pretty hot if I did say so myself.
I texted my husband that I was working late and needed to postpone our phone call. Then it was time.
Brad got me and we walked out. I didn't hear a word he said.
I strolled out into a very dark room with a brightly lit set that was dressed like a bedroom. I saw a huge group of people watching but couldn't make out faces outside the bright lights.
As I walked in I received a polite smattering of applause. I stepped onto the set and removed the robe, handing it to Brad. It was a very weird feeling to be standing in front of faceless strangers in underwear but Brad quickly started his lesson.
Time flew as he had me take very basic poses and he would dart in, take photos, explain to the group what he was doing and step out as other students of his would step up and take photos.
Let's just say I felt pretty hot and pretty comfortable. So when Brad asked me to remove my bra, I didn't hesitate. I dropped my bra in front of everyone. The poses started to get sexier. Then he asked me to take my bottoms off. I froze. I saw his anxious face step into the light and guilt gripped me.
Without thinking I unclipped the garter and dropped my panties in one go. There was an actual gasp in the room. My bush was...sizeable. I felt immediately self conscious. And nervous. But I was in too far. It's not like I needed to impress anyone here.
We moved to the bed and quickly finished the last few photos and poses as Brad showed them what to do, handed various members his camera for them to try similar techniques in the shadows outside of the light. The last pose was me on my back, legs spread with my arms over my head. Very tasteful.
Finally it was over. This time I got a huge round of applause. Feeling silly I took a dramatic bow completely naked. I put the robe on, collected my clothes and went to the back to get changed.
After getting cleaned up I walked back out into the studio. The lights were on and a huge group of people mingled and drank.
Brad came up and offered me a huge hug, thanking me for everything. It was a huge success and the donors he invited were onboard. He said he was thankful I showed up.
Then I noticed in the crowd that Matt from work was talking to another guy. I asked Brad why Matt was there and he explained that he needed a big crowd to also impress the people offering funding so he invited a bunch of people from work too.
As he walked away to say hi to others I finally really looked into the crowd. Coworkers were everywhere. Men (and a few women) who I see every day filled the room. The realization hit me. They had all seen everything. Billy the receptionist. Joe the cute guy down the hall. Matthew with the beard. Everywhere were people I worked with.
I quickly snuck to the side.
I listened in on Billy and Joe from work as Joe jokingly called me little Sasquatch.
I felt light headed and sick at the same time. I felt betrayed. I quickly ran out of the building. Tomorrow was going to be a weird day at work...but I was also incredibly turned on...