"Am I coming back tomorrow or not?"
Gnarly Reese questioned his future at Pinky Floyd's record store at 4:55 in the afternoon. Closing time was in five minutes and co-owner Floyd hadn't said a word to him since 2:30. Discovering his Granddaughter Priscilla aka Pinky having had sex with Gnarly on the job had thoroughly disturbed the balance between the two owners. He said, she said. Fired. Hired. Counting down their register cash Floyd didn't like the money intake. He had seen better days.
"What part of don't fuck my Granddaughter didn't you grasp this morning?"
"Hey you said you couldn't stop her that she's a grown woman. Well y'know what? Neither could I. She started it I just finished it."
"STILL HIRED." They hear Pinky in the restroom getting fully dressed. Changing from her new Milkbone concert T-shirt back into her white micro mini and pink fur bra that she passed off as a bikini top.
"Look Floyd. I'm sorry it went to the store floor."
"With people inside no less. I looked up the store footage. I saw you idiots behind the counter too. Yeah I saw you try and tell her no. What's next gonna fuck my niece on her cutting table?"
"I did ask Katrina out. That could be in the future. Honesty is all you'll get from me."
"Hey Gramps?" They hear Pinky flush the toilet, "Check the footage from two Thursdays ago. Before we met Roadie here. That day was pretty erotic. Unless you're too afraid of my porno making. That's another side job by the way."
"Christ Priscilla." Floyd growls, "What date was that? Don't answer me I'll figure it out. Speaking of out...GET OUT." He jabs Gavin in the chest.
Pinky shuffles from the back, "Open up with me tomorrow Roadie. I'll leave you alone. Get over it Grampa. We're a power couple now. Like Brad and Angie. Call us Gavilla."
"Or Gnarinky?"
"Sounds too Russian. Gavilla sounds all animal attraction."
"That or an old gal who drowns puppies." Gavin laughs.
"Get the fuck out the both of ya." Lingering for a second to look at each other Pinky and Gavin shrug and turn toward the front door. Pinky intended to walk him out, then lock the door behind him. At the jingle Floyd calls out, "How's about Parley?"
"See I told you he'd get over it. ParLAY!" She calls out. "Because we just hit the Jackpot. Speaking of pot I could use a hit."
"We're not a couple Pinky." Gnarly feels compelled to inform her. "I'm NOT stuttering."
"You just keep thinking that Roadie. Wait until you see me rock that new t-shirt on stage all tied up to my tits. Guys are going to go insane." She let her fingers flutter over her body with a devilish grin, "By the way I caught that Stutter jab. You took my mind off of Rankin earlier. Now you brought it back. Thanks. If you weren't such a cool dude I'd fire you myself. But, you're...seriously...just thanks."
"You sure wanna bad rep don't you?"
"Tell that to Mavis. She's the Joan Jett lookalike." Darting her shoulders back and forward she sings "I don't give a damn 'bout my reputation...You're living in the past it's a new generation...A girl can do what she wants to do and that's...What I'm gonna do...An' I don't give a damn ' bout my bad reputation."
"Nice. That's the first time I've caught your singing voice. See you in the morning. Bring donuts."
"Only if I get to use your dick to play ring toss with the glazed ones."
Laughing, he suddenly just didn't care. Off he went. Pinky locked up winning again.
Walking away he lowered his sunglasses, "What did I get myself into?"
Passing by Katrina's he looks in and see's nobody around. With the closed sign in the door, he starts to walk on by when something capture's his attention. Inside the showroom window was a bright red half tank like Katrina had worn earlier. On it was printed the words "Night Gavin. It was surrounded by kissing lips. "Awww! That's awesome." He takes out his cell to snap a photo and sends the pic to Katrina with the text, "I found your note. That was awesome Hotstuff." Smiling he went on his way. Before he reached the stop sign his cell buzzed, having to wait on the light he reads it.
"Shawn did that. Sorry." With a laughing Emoji.
"Ahhh fuck." He rolls his eyes. Before he could put his cell away she adds a picture to her second message. This time it was the same shirt only Katrina was wearing it. A selfie panning at an angle to show her own lips kissing at him. "Night Gnarly. Sweet dreams. MUAH!"
"Better." Noting the light change he jogged across and headed toward the parking lot. Only his Jeep and another car were left in the desolation of evening. In her attendants booth sat the gorgeous Hindi, Bali Batra. Not seeing him coming, she stretches back in her chair vividly, giving him a stunning view of the silky dark complexion of her tummy. Unaware of his arrival, he sneaks to the side and knocks on the glass abruptly, making her jump.
"Do not disturb me like that. I could have tinkled."
Looking around he winces, "Where do you go to the restroom out here?"
"I went behind your Jeep."
"I can almost picture that."
"Me with my leggings down to my knees squatting?" She giggles.
"Well not so much that, but you being crazy enough to do it."
"I have done much worse. I am no angel."
"Just don't tell the parents right?"
"That would not get my tuition paid."
"Safe with me Golly Bali."
"I do believe I would feel quite safe with you."
"You wash my windshield?"
"Yes. I had to crawl up on the hood to reach the middle. Can you picture my butt as if doggy?"
"Not really. You might have to show me that one."
"I will pose as if a model like Megan Fox in Transformers."
"Wow! Now that you mention it you're a Hindi Megan Fox."
"I have heard this many times. Boys in college hoping to try something international."
"Somehow I don't think you're as shy as I figured you might be."
"I am very shy. Ticklish too."
"Loving your accent. It's sexy as hell. I bet that pinned up hair is really stunning down over your shoulders."
"It is one of my best features. Next to my bottom." She reaches both arms up as she stands to remove her hair pins and shakes her hair out into loose curls. As she did, he eyed her belly again as it exposes beneath her white hoodie. Her leggings waistband low on her hips offered a scintillating dip over her pelvic bones. Instant hard on. He just couldn't escape beauty. Ofttimes lust.
"Nice."
"My raven locks or my smoky flesh?"
"Big brown eyes."
"You lie." She giggles. "Should I pose for you on your hood?"
A glance at his watch to inform uncertainty he shrugs, "Just don't leave a dent."
"I am 100 pounds wet. Quite wet." She turns after nibbling a fingernail and walks like a runway model toward his parked Wrangler. Carefully climbing over the grill she eases on all fours allowing her long curls to hide part of her face. With a seductive stare he nods and lifts his cell up to take a picture. "Am I under consideration for the cover of Hot Rod magazine?"
"Hot Rod indeed. Fuck Bali...you are some seriously spicy..." He pauses to take in her beauty, " don't know where I was going with that."
"Shall I pose for more?"
"If you feel like it."
"I am feeling quite frisky. How is it you wish to see me?"
"Naked, but I'll settle for on your knees facing me, hands in your hair." He moves to the front of his Jeep as she repositions trying not to scratch his paint with her thin white heels revealing her bare feet beneath micro thin legging bands around her ankles. Fanning her knees wide she places her nails in her hair letting a single strand of curls fall over one eye. Pouting exotically, as he takes three different pics.
Hearing a motorcycle come around the block behind him, he looks back to see Pinky at the stop sign on her Harley. Shaking her head at seeing Bali pose for him she drives by blowing him a kiss.
"This is one of your girlfriends?" Bali remains calm.
"I work with her. At the record store and as the Roadie for her band Milkbone."
"Yes I recognize her now. She is very beautiful."
"Nothing compared to you."
"I am fine if she is your girlfriend." She smiles vibrantly.
"I told you I'm a free man. I see who I want. When I want. No strings attached. If you're looking for more I'm not your guy."
"I am fine with this arrangement."
"Arrangement?" He chuckles as she lifts up on her knees and rolls her waistband down two inches to reveal more skin. In doing so a very fine strip of pubic hair peeks out from beneath. Only a half inch but enough to notice. In his windshields reflection he sees butt crack. After the curling of her leggings she runs her hands up the front of her hoodie and squeezes her tits.
"I am wearing no underwear. I have sworn them off."
"Swear off the rest of those clothes if you want." He laughs shaking his head as he snaps more photos. Her eyes following him as he moves from one side of the car to the other gives him a boost to his already swollen cock. She knew exactly what she was doing to him.
"Shall I pose another way?"
"What do you have in mind?"
Very carefully she scoots around sitting on the hood but sliding her bottom toward the windshield. Shoes hovering over the paint she presses back with her shoulders to lift her ass. Peeling her leggings down over her cheeks she sits back down. With her feet poised three inches off of the hood she lowers her chin sheepishly. Gnarly snaps a photo dead on straight. Beneath her legs revealed bare butt cheeks, yet her pussy was still hidden behind the pants.
"Daaaamn! Nice cheeks Bali Hatchet." She awaits him to move to her sides and capture pictures of her exposed hips. Fingers between her legs hide her snatch. A single hand guides her hoodie up to offer more skin.
"How do you want me now?"
"Don't change anything." He sits his cell down on the hood and reaches out to grab her ankles. Carefully he drags her toward him. She flares her eyes and giggles as her bare butt screeches on the metal. Looking around for viewers he felt safe in the moment. Enough so that he counts on the stretchiness of her leggings as he ducks down then puts her legs over his shoulders. Rising his head up between her legs he hears her squeal. He leaned into her thighs and discovered the sweetest pussy he had ever seen. Smokey but pink in all the right places. Her labia tight with her clit like a thumb nail expressing itself. "Now this is the hood ornament I was looking for." He kisses her clit making her hold herself up by her elbows to watch him. Trembling she bites her lower lip expecting to feel his tongue. She nodded her approval just as Gnarly flicked her clit. Instant seizure as Bali drops her head backwards.
"I quite like this arrangement." She moans, "First I bring you lunch now I serve you dinner."
He devoured her wet pussy in that moment. Right out in plain sight for the world to pass by. Her moans soft and succulent. In her enjoyment, her hands slip up under her wrinkled up hoodie and tease her nipples. From his vantage point Gnarly could look up her hoodie and see luscious mounds from their underside. As her fingers tweak her nips he discovers areola. His hand slips to his side to reclaim his cell and takes video of her playful hands. Turning the camera toward himself he captures video eating her out. Damn this was hot. Thankfully, the evening sun didn't melt her ass on the hoods metal.
"Am I your Hindi Pornstar?"
"Wanna be?"
"Yes. I quite enjoy your tongue."
As a car toots its horn he hesitates. A short bed moving van whistles at the stop sign making him edgy. He knew they wouldn't call the cops, but what about the next car? Lifting his wet face away he hears her whine, "Nooo. Please do not stop." She goes so far as to reveal her tits to him as she crushes them together with a pouty expression. "I do not care who sees us."
"Your folks might."
"I shall take the risk. I want you Gnarly."
"I want you to Bali. Dammit! Fuck it. Get that hoodie off."
"As you wish." She lifts up awkwardly and guides her hoodie off of her arms then over her head. It becomes a pillow wadded up beneath her.
"Fuck you have a perfect body." He uses his hands to roll her leggings down to her ankles, switching his grip on his camera recording everything to achieve his goal. Eying his camera with a yearning gaze she offers a seductive, "Please make love to me." Instant decision made, that was what he was going to do. Moving from under her he tugs her leggings over her feet and leaves her in only her heels. Very sexy heels at that. Bali Bakra was totally nude in her parents parking lot. Broad daylight. Occasional car driving by. She sits up watching Gavin unzip his pants and drop his boxers. Only his Mudvayne shirt stayed on. Luckily for her he had washed up his earlier conquest of fucking Pinky.
As his rather large pecker bobbed out she drops her jaw, "He is quite magnificent."
"Let's take this to the booth." He reaches in to cradle her toward him. Her legs entwining his hips as his cock discovers her sweet pink vagina, pushing forward. Her gasp led to her scratching at his shirt. She murmurs how good he feels inside her as he shuffles toward the booth. His pants to his ankles it was rather humorous as if a duck waddling. Reaching the booth he sits down on the circular padded stool, not too different from the seat in the record store. She immediately begins gyrating on his beast. Up and down as she claws at his Mudvayne t-shirt to remove it. She wanted to see his chest. Nipples teasing his pecs as she rides he devours her lips, his left hand in her hair lovingly. Lips to neckline, then back for more kissing. She melts in his possession.
As they grow lost in their adoration of one another her cell rings on the small metal counter top to their back. After three rings she checks it. "It is my Poppah." She dares to answer it as she rides on, feeling his hands roaming her back and her heart shaped ass. "Hello Poppah. I am waiting on one last car to leave, then I shall be home." He feasts on her throat as she whimpers slightly, "I am fine. An itch I am scratching. Yes Poppah I have written my thesis. What else have I to do here all day." She kisses Gnarly lovingly as she withholds the cell from her ear. He could hear her Father rambling.
Her pussy felt so fucking right cloaking his girth. Tensed up Gnarly acknowledges it by holding his breath to avoid her Father's detection. Her moans a different story. Her alibi simple. "No Poppah I am groaning at your persistence in my studies. I am quite capable of managing my school work on my own." Her gyrations were increasing speed as she trembles. Gavin knew she was nearing her own orgasm. This girl was good. Her thigh muscles tightening over his cock made the experience even better.
"The owner of the last car is coming." She bites her lip grinning as he feels his surge mounting. With a deadly stare he couldn't help himself. He shot his load up inside her with a deafening snarl. Her Father hearing him Gnarly improvised as she clung to him, her hair burying his face.
"Sorry I'm late. I bet your ready to close up aren't you?"
"Yesssss!" She squeals, "May I have your ticket please." She muffles her mouth with her hand as she drops her cell to her side. Burying her face into Gavin's shoulder she releases her orgasm. Destroyed emotionally, she manages to lift her cell, shocked that she hadn't dropped it. Looking at Gnarly with big brown beautiful eyes she smiles and wiggles in his lap. He felt her warm juices trickling over his balls. "That will be $64.00 please."
"Debit okay?"
"Yes." She resists laughter and dares to ride him slowly, her arms around his neck holding the cell behind him. Reaching over his shoulder by stretching upward he devours her nipple as she concludes their dramatized transaction. "Thank you for using our lot to park in."
"See you tomorrow."
"I will be here."
She kisses his forehead as he returns to her nipples. Phone back to her ear she finishes with her Father. "I shall be home shortly Poppah." Hanging up she tosses her cell on her counter and storms his face. Palming his cheeks she lifts his chin to kiss him harder than ever before. There was a starvation in both of their souls at that moment. Five minutes later they sit forehead to forehead absorbing each other.
"I came inside you."
"I know." She giggles, "You will be a wonderful Poppah."
"What?"
"I am teasing. I am afraid I cannot have children." She lowers her gaze, "I had my ovaries removed five years ago. Cancer had claimed them."
"Damn! You're too young to face that kind of loss."
"I am alive. I have met you, therefore Bali is happy."
"So is Gavin. That was incredible Miss..." He peers out over the lot to see her car. The plates saying IM BAKRA.
"Yes. My last name is Bakra."
"Let's do this again? Except in a bed."
"Only on a bed? I so like the outdoors."
"Anywhere and everywhere Bali Hatchet."
"I am at your beckon call." She giggles finally pulling off of him to stretch. "Perhaps I should collect my clothing before a hobo discovers them." Strutting without care he watches her wearing only her heels walk the lot to pick up her belongings. She was amazing. At his beckon call. He liked that. Collecting his own cell from her counter he knocks on the window telling her to hold on. Pulling his pants up, he carries his shirt outside the booth. Lifting his cell he aims it at her. Tossing her clothes back on to his hood she again performs as a model. This time with her backside facing him while shyly looking over her shoulder. Full frontal stance with hands in her hair followed. Finally bending over to wave at him through her parted legs. So hot! The image of the girls of Jailbate posing the same way earlier crept in. Still hot.
"Alright. Better get dressed." She quickly throws her hoodie on then takes care in not ripping her leggings as she puts them on over her heels. Once achieved she extends a hand.
"I shall need the $64.00."
"Oh, right." Within five minutes she runs his debit card and collects the funds. He was glad the card actually worked. It was a temporary card given to him by Edie and Joanie at his bank. Damn! He needed to call Edie. So many lovers so little time. Bali was certainly at the top of his call list.
"I shall bring my guitar tomorrow as you requested."
"I have a better idea. Why don't you bring it over to my place next week. We can jam on the roof of my brownstone. I kind of pissed off my boss earlier."
"So the pink haired girl is your boss."
"Her Grandfather is. I think I still have a job there." He winces, "She says I do. We'll find out tomorrow. So is it a date?"
"I did say I was at your beckon call."
"That sounds kind of slavery."
"I am into bondage. Do as you wish to me." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"No shit. I just might."
"Let me know when and where, I shall be there."
"Deal."
Another hug and kiss he jumps in his Jeep. As she raises the gate for him he hit the road grinning. This day just could not get any crazier. Boy was he wrong.
"Where to now? It's early still." He weighs in on possibilities. With the weekend coming he decided that his next stop needed to be someplace quiet. Yeah right.
After a fairly quiet ride across town Gnarly decided his next destination. Recalling the location of the tattoo parlor belonging to Milkbone's lead guitar Mavis Trent he pulled into the strip mall of four stores. Guitar store, liquor store, tattoo parlor, and a Weight Watchers outlet. Still open he parks and shuts his Jeep off. Locking up with a keychain honk he strolled up to the front door and peered inside before entering. Within he saw Mavis tattooing a huge Biker with a long flowing ZZ Top beard. After seeing him Gavin looked to his left to discover a Chopper. Painted green with an alligator airbrushed on the tank. Puckering at the workmanship he considered painting his own Harley someday when he actually had money.
Glancing back inside the window he realizes another familiar face or two. Mavis Trent's fellow bandmate Deekoi was in another seat being tattooed by her employee Hawke. He recalled Hawke from his first visit here. Deekoi was getting a tattoo on her lower back, her shorts lowered to reveal her gorgeous butt crack. Calming his reviving boner Gnarly hissed then opened the door with a jingle. All eyes discovered his arrival.
"Well look what the cat refused to drag in." Mavis nodded, her eyes darting from her customer then to Gnarly himself.
"Ain't no pussy ever told me no." He chuckles at her jest.
"That's the spirit Fella." The biker smirked at him taking the needle without so much as a wince, obviously he had a tough as nails pain threshold. Strolling over invading their space Gavin puckers at the talent of Mavis as she takes a second to wipe the tattoo to allow him a clean image to inspect.
"Is that a duck?"
"Careful Roadie...you might be ducking bullets." Mavis flared her eyes. Immediately, Gavin moved on as the biker grumbled. Stepping over to Hawke and Deidre Koi Gavin reaches in while Hawke pulls his gun away. Touching Deekoi's ass made her look over her shoulder.
"Hey Gnarly. Like my crocodile?"
"Is that what that is?"
"Yep. The mouth will be my ass hole. Don't let him bite you."
"You're a brave man Hawke." He fist bumps the man with a mohawk who grinned, expressing a hint of stress.
"YOU TOUCHIN' MY GIRLS ASS?" The biker evades Mavis as he crawls from his chair to stand tall at a massive 6'8 of muscle, outside of a pot belly. Gavin turned to face him immediately going pale at the man's angry appearance.
"Your girl?" Gavin twists pointing a thumb at Dee, "Sorry, I didn't know."
"Relax Gnarly. Crocker's a pussy." Deekoi rolls her eyes.
"Oh yeah? Put a finger in her ass Hawke." The tattoo artist shrugged then dipped an index finger inside Deekoi's butt pucker. She had been wearing a butt plug up until Hawke's artwork to give her crocodile a larger jawline. As she squeals the biker chuckles and slaps Gnarly on the bicep.
"You can put a finger in her ass Roadie. I don't mind."
"I'll pass. I wanna keep my fingers." He strums an air guitar toward the biker.
"So you're the wannabe rocker huh?"
"Ivan?" Mavis snaps, "Sit your pachyderm ass down if you want that tattoo finished tonight."
"Ivan Crocker." The big man introduces himself to Gavin with an extended hand. "Gnarly Reese. Don't break my fingers neither." He dares to grip hands and share in similar strength of grip. Ivan seemed impressed. With a pat to his shoulder the gentle giant returned to his tattoo chair and Mavis swiftly began her needlework.
"Ahh! I get it now." Gnarly points at Deekoi, "Crocker...crocodile." His attention turns back to Ivan, "Duck...Deekoi."
"Smart fella." Ivan chuckles, "I dig the nickname you gave her. Gives her stage cred."
"Glad I could help." Gavin eases over to a vacant chair and takes a seat, "I just finished my first day at Pinky's record store. Challenging I gotta say."
"Fuck your socks off?" Mavis leered with a scowl.
"She texted about it didn't she?"
"You gotta ask? She's Miss Social Media."
"I got nude pics of Pinky and Dee." Ivan grins vividly. "Together."
"Show off." Dee giggles then grits her teeth under Hawke's heavy needle.
"Floyd's pretty pissed over it." Gavin sighs cracking his knuckles and hovering them over his abs.
Mavis offers a grimace, "When Is Floyd never pissed off?"
"Only surefire smile I saw him have all day is when Jailbate came in to visit Pinky."
"Those skanks?" Mavis shook her head, "Love 'em."
"Especially, Ho Nee. I'd lick her twat." Dee revealed a crush.
"After you find it in that rain forest between her legs." Gavin chuckled.
"Be nice Rockstar. Ho Nee is family."
"No disrespect. Just the truth."
"We saw the selfie of you all together." Mavis revealed.
"I guess there's nothing you guys don't know. How's Ginger Bread?"
"Hanging in there." Mavis clenches a fist at Ivan intercepting a snide remark, "No joking about my lover."
"Never crossed my mind." Ivan lowers his sunglasses from his brow to mask his eyes. His grin gave him away. Gavin reacted with his own shy away when he hears a door open from the back. Sitting forward Gavin notes another burley man entering, head shaved, wearing a biker vest that revealed a woman wearing a bikini riding backwards on the back of a Harley, legs straddling a backrest.
"About time you got back. Where's my dinner Bitch?" Mavis growled.
The second the biker turned holding a bag of burgers Gnarly dropped his jaw. The manly biker...was a woman.
"That's Butch...Bitch." The blond with tats on the back of her head strolled in eying Gnarly with a vicious glare. "What are you looking at Pretty Boy?"
"Nothing at all." Gavin dropped his gaze.
"That's Crocker's little sister Butch." Deekoi chuckled then let out a loud, "Owwww!" Hawke had hit a nerve.
"Butch, huh? Fits." Gavin smiles at the irony of it all.
"Don't make me bloody up that smirk Asshole."
"Don't hurt the Roadie." Mavis snatches the burgers and puts her foot down on the bitter Dike.
"Roadie? You're that Gnarly dude?" Butch narrows her eyes sizing him up "Not impressed. You guys should have hired my girl Claudia."
"One armed Claude?" Mavis reacts opening a burger and taking a bite.
"Worked for the drummer in Def Leppard." Butch stepped over to Deekoi examining her tattoo. "Looks just like ya Ivan. Big mouth full of teeth. Here let me feed the croc." Butch introduces her own index finger inside Dee's butthole.
"HEY!"
"If you're gonna be a Decoy might as well get used to the target practice." Butch chuckled then just as quickly growled toward Gavin.
"Not intimidated Gator CUNTry." Gavin winced.
"Ohhhhh! I'm gonna weep crocodile tears now." Butch lowers her tone and leans over Gavin face to face. A huff of her breath in his nasal range he discovered a distinctive scent. "That's right. I just ate Claudia. She works at the Burger joint."
Mavis stops her chewing and leerily looks at her burger, "If I find a pube in my burger I'll kick your big ass Butch Assidy."
Chuckling at her jest Ivan comes to Gavin's defense. "Leave the roadie alone Barbie."
"Barbie?" Gavin snickers, "Your real name is Barbie?"
"Wanna kiss Ken?" Butch clenches her fist beneath his chin.
"I'll pass."
Saved by the ringtone of Five Finger Death Punch's the Bleeding, Gavin snatches up his cell. On it was a text from his Brownstone ally Regina.
"Need to talk about Blue. Where are you?" It read.
Forgoing writing her back Gavin escaped Butch with a pat on the arm, "Trouble in paradise. Gotta go."
"Pussy."
"Crock rot." He snarls back, "Her...not you Ivan."
"I can believe that Bro." Crocker sighed as Butch stood speechless.
Behind them Hawke halts his ink guns persistent hum, "DONE! Ready for a Crock Rocket." He wipes Deekoi's anal rawness with alcohol. "Drink up Dee."
Before stepping out Gnarly moves over to Hawke's side examining his completed work. "Why did you put a pink bow on the crocs head?"
"WHAT?" Deekoi squeals, "He better not have."
The entire parlor had a good laugh. Even Butch found it amusing. Fist bumps all around Gnarly Reese found a few new friends. Ivan Crocker nodded his respect and offered up, "See ya in Naperville Bro."
"I'll be there. Later Barbie."
"Fuck off Pretty Boy."
Mavis fires up her gun again and just as quickly halts its hum, "OH HEY!" Gnarly hovers at the open door peering back. "Jezebelle's gonna bring by a key to the Milk Bus on Friday. You work at Pinky's right?"
"Through Saturday 'til noon. Unless Floyd renigs. To which I'll quit."
"He won't renig." Dee pulling her shorts up after Hawke had placed ointment over her ink added. "Don't sweat it over Gramps. He's a good guy once you get to know him."
"Just don't go after his niece." Mavis recommended.
"Katrina?"
"Kat's in the cradle." Mavis winked.
"What?"
"You didn't know Kat was pregnant?"
"First I've heard."
"Yup. Milk's gonna pour out of all six of those teats." Mavis smirked.
"Seriously?" Gavin winced with doubt.
"Just fucking with ya. Nice T-shirt idea by the way. Kat's a sweetheart." Mavis puckered, "Just don't let her dig her claws into ya."
"Might be worth a few scratches." He grins, "I really gotta go. Friend in need."
"All bitches are needy." Butch huffs.
"This one just needs protection."
"Wear a condom."
"Not that kind..." Tempted to reveal Blue's problem with the local cops he concludes it was safer keeping it to himself. He really didn't know these people that well yet. Of course, they could be valuable allies in the future. "See ya around." Better to dial it back he chose to hit the road.
As they watch Gavin pull away Ivan nods, "I like him."
Mavis adds ink to his duck tat, "Good addition to the family I think."
"I wanna fuck him Ivan." Deekoi moves behind her man hugging his neckline.
"Who don't you wanna fuck?"
"Me." Butch enlightens her brother.
"Put your strap on away Barbie Luann. My ducky."
Deekoi loved her biker.
Thirty minutes later and an earlier text to Regina telling her he was on his way, Gnarly pulls into the gravel lot behind his brownstone home. Hopping out and locking his Jeep he sprints inside and up to the second floor. Awaiting by his apartment door stood the ever beautiful Personal Trainer Regina, still in her tight spandex outer wear, having just gotten home herself. She had been doing toe touches to keep active.
"About time." She stands up straight and pivots her waist side to side twice before relaxing.
"Everything okay?"
"Yeah. I realized once I sobered up today that we hadn't talked about what I overheard those Cops at Barbarian's say to Crystal."
"You were kind of busy with Demi Moore."
"Sorry about that. I think I'm in love with that white girl." She flares her big brown orbs then smirks, "We can share her."
"Good to know. Fill me in on Crystal. I noticed her car gone. She's off at Barbarians tonight, so she must be driving people around."
"Probably so. Anyway, the note they passed to her just had directions on it. Nothing too threatening. She told me earlier the note was just an address to pick up a passenger at a certain time. Friendly situation. Pay would be under the table."
"You believe her? I don't." He narrows his eyes.
"Not really. What can we say and do though? It's her life and she's made it clear that she's protecting us from this Roy. I don't like standing by, but we could be dealing with a whole lot of trouble if we interfere."
"So we let this Roy use her for sex and do nothing to keep her safe?"
"If anything does happen to Blue we at least know who is behind it. We can all band together and go to the higher ups."
"With what physical evidence?"
"True. Let's just hope he makes some bad choices and we discover some."
"If she gets hurt I'll risk my guitar playing future and beat him until his badge bleeds."
"You go Rocky Balboa. I'll be right there beside you going all Apollo Creed. Until then we set ringside."
"Ding! Ding!" He pinches her protruding nipples one at a time with a wink.
"Frisky?"
"Honestly? Pretty wore out."
"Need a back rub?" She wags her eyebrows.
"That I might agree to. Snuggle for a nice nap?"
"Put a boxing ring on it." She playfully looks for a hint of interest.
"Thigh of the Tiger?"
"Thought you were wore out?"
Envisioning Katrina in his mind he nods, "Kat Scratch Fever."
"Give me that scratching post."
"Fuck it."
Unlocking his door he takes her by the hand and leads her inside. A whole lot of squalling was going to be heard in the hall. Ears would be jealous. Ears that would smile and wait their turn. While in the restroom after a hearty three hour round of savage sex Regina sent out a text.
Miles away at a seedy hotel Crystal Balou sat in her car crying. Opening the text she read, "I hated lying to Gavin. Don't make me regret it Blue. I love you. Be careful."
"I love you too Reggie." She sits her cell aside and bawls her eyes out. The inevitable was here. She had followed Roy's commands and had showed up early. She knew that she would require time to compose herself. For now...tears.
"DAMMIT!"