Finding Picasso Ch. 09:
A talented tongue gets it done
—————————-
AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is the concluding chapter of "Finding Picasso."
If you haven't been keeping up, no problem. Just search for one of the phrases below. They will take you straight to the good stuff:
On our last night
Violet is waiting
——————————-
Perhaps because during the Cold War, no one lived in more immediate danger than West Berliners, my aunt Bea had a special love for the city and its residents.
Her first visit was in the mid-1960s. Just 20 years earlier, Hitler's Berlin had been the center of the most toxic political philosophy the world has ever known. Somehow, in two post-war decades, while still in the crosshairs of Cold War tensions, West Berlin reinvented itself as a center of global avant garde art and culture.
I wanted to renew acquaintances with a pair of Bea's favorite art dealers as well as attend a large showing of student art work at the Konferenzzentrum Berlin. Lysa added an arousing new prospect on the eve of our arrival.
Emma had sent a text inviting us to stay at her flat while her roommates were on holiday.
Emma's place was stunning. Located on the 40th floor of an ultra-modern skyscraper, there were views of the river Spree, the Brandenburg Gate, Potsdamer Plaza and even the green hills of Saxony-Anhalt on the horizon.
But the view that intrigued me most was Emma herself.
During our revelry a few nights earlier, I'd made love with Emma. We were surprisingly compatible lovers with an intuitive sense of how to please each other. The thing that left me feeling unfulfilled was nothing to do with the sex, which was beautiful, but that in the chaos of that night, I never got to see Emma in the nude.
I never had the opportunity to study her breasts, the texture of her skin, the turn of her stomach, or the pale V between her thighs.
I knew Emma was beautiful, but only in a general, I'll-defined sense. I needed to fill in the visual blanks and memorize the intimate details of her body before I could feel completely fulfilled. Strange and bizarre? For sure!
My own perverse fetish? Absolutely!
Perhaps it was somehow connected to my obsessive-compulsive relationship to art. I'm sure Lysa had seen an academic study on the topic, but for the moment it was a secret I'd rather keep to myself. Besides, I was damn lucky Lysa was willing to share me with Emma in the first place.
"She's infatuated with you," Lysa says apropos nothing, except her ability to read my mind.
"That won't last, once she gets to know me better," I reply. "Does her infatuation bother you?"
"Not as long it's me riding alongside you when we depart for Prague," Lysa tells me. Like poor Paul Junior, Lysa sometimes seemed constitutionally unable to tell a lie, or even to put a socially acceptable spin on her feelings.
"I doubt Emma could survive an afternoon on a touring bike," I tell her.
"Exactly what I'm counting on," Lysa answers with a mischievous grin. "By the way, it's probably a good time to ask as any. Who is the girl in Prague?"
"My, God, Lysa!" I exclaimed, caught completely by surprise. "How on earth did you know?"
"Call it intuition. What's her name?"
"Violet," I answer, showing Lysa some photos from Paris. I recount how we met on the flight from JFK to Charles de Gaulle, as well as our video rendezvous with Runa and Raven, which requires another explanation of its own. Fortunately, there was no reason to mention Zoe, the bewitching photojournalist I'd fucked on the trail from CDG to central Paris.
"Violet, Runa, Raven, Lilli, Lysa, Emma," she went down the list, her voice amazingly judgement free. "You really have been busy, Lover Boy!"
"I'm not usually so promiscuous," I retort. "Besides, I don't think Lilli really counts."
"You got her off, didn't you?"
"I suppose, technically, yes."
"Then Lilli counts. Anyway, when it rains, it pours," she laughs. "I'm not sure that Emma is prepared for so much competition."
Just then, the door swings open and Emma rushes into her apartment, wearing denim cutoffs, a spaghetti strap top, and carrying two shopping bags that contain one head of lettuce and four bottles of wine.
She hugs Lysa, and gives me a long, deep tongue kiss. Then turns her attention to the fully loaded bikes parked in her living room.
"The doorman didn't give you any trouble about the bikes?" Emma inquires in German while Lysa translates for me.
"He asked us to use the service elevator, but he was very polite about it," Lysa answers in English for my benefit, then in German for Emma.
"It didn't hurt that we spent about 30 minutes washing the road dirt off before we entered the building," I added and Lysa quietly translated.
There was a subtle "pop" as Emma opened an expensive looking bottle of Riesling and poured three glasses. "Anna's room is over there, if you want to unpack. And my room is here," Emma said, guiding us to a wonderland of pink fabrics and window treatments.
"This is kind of embarrassing," Emma continues, pointing to a roomy Queen-size bed as Lysa provided a running translation for my benefit. "Would you like to sleep in here with me?"
"I thought you'd never ask," I joke, nodding in enthusiastic agreement.
"I go wherever he does," Lysa adds in deadpan English and German.
"Great," Emma answers, obviously relieved to get a delicate issue settled right away. "Let's get drunk."
Which is exactly what we do.
***
Emma and Lysa prepare an amazing schnitzel feast while I catch up on e-mail. At dinner we bring Emma up to date on our successful negotiation at the Vogel Schule. After clearing desert, I fetch the mailing tube and handed it to Emma.
"This is a token of my thanks for recognizing Paul Junior's talent and making it possible for us to meet his teacher and parents," I say, passing the tube to Emma. The painting she carefully unrolls is of a little girl in a pink dress smilingly shyly at the artist. Surrounding her are the artifacts of a little girl's room — dolls, a rocking horse, a wardrobe full of frilly dresses — all rendered in differing shades of pink.
"Oh, My, God! How on earth did you know, Jason?" Lysa translates.
"Lucky guess assisted by the color of your blouse, nail polish, earrings, and thong," I explain.
"Don't give him too much credit for being psychic," Lysa adds, after translating my comment.
Emma gives me another hug and tongue kiss, then turns to Lysa who, I couldn't help but notice, returns Emma's kiss very enthusiastically.
An hour later, we stand side-by-side, sipping the last of the Riesling and watching a jeweled blanket of glowing lights stretch to the horizon.
"Is there anything else around here that I need to show you?" Emma asks politely, and Lysa translates, as we finally turned away from the remarkable view.
"As a matter of fact," I say, taking Emma by the hand and leading her to the door of her bedroom. "There is one thing."
I undress Emma slowly and methodically while Lysa, eyes glowing with sexual excitement, watches from a little window bench in the background.
Emma's cutoffs fall to the floor, followed by a silky thong and I drink in her beauty when her entire body shivered and spasmed. At first I think it's sexual excitement, but then I see her stomach contract and hear a tiny sob, followed by a much deeper, soul-wrenching sob of despair.
With no German words to console Emma, or even ask what was wrong, I feel helpless. Without Lysa, I would have been.
Somewhere Lysa finds a fuzzy pink blanket, wraps it around Emma's heaving shoulders, whispers something in Emma's ear, and maneuvers her gently to the bed. I retreat to a chair where I join a stuffed pink bear in useless silence.
Lysa strokes Emma's hair and continues to murmur. Between sobs, Emma responds by shaking her head "yes" or "no," but it is a long time before she can speak. When Emma's tears finally subside, Lysa takes me by the hand, and guides me to the living room couch where the last bottle of Riesling waits on the coffee table.
"Get comfortable," she says. "This is going to take a while. And, Jason, I'm so sorry for getting you into this mess."
Was it a "mess?" Lysa knew vastly more about it than I. The wine went down smoothly, my second bottle of the evening. When Lysa wakes me later, she is nude, she strips off my clothes and leads me back into Emma's bed. But it wasn't until we set out for Prague that I learned the full story of what had happened that night.
Sometime before dawn, Moonbeams poured through Emma's window like wildflower honey, illuminating the sleeping figures curled by my side.
Watching Emma and Lysa sleeping naked, nestled against my shoulders, releases a rush of raw ego gratification. So this is how the sultans, kings and tribal chieftains felt. This was their righteous reward. The natural order of things. Every Alpha male had the divine right to possess at least two beautiful concubines during their prime breeding years. Even the Mormons understood. How did bourgeoise Western culture get it so wrong?
But hardly without its high drama, was it? I saw somewhere that even Carl Jung, a venerated early psychiatrist, struggled to maintain equilibrium with the menage a trios he imposed on his household. I could not even begin to comprehend the psychological resources I would need to keep two beautiful, headstrong and clever women satisfied over the long term.
Emma made a little murmur in her sleep and snuggled deeper into the cavity between my arm and shoulder. So beautiful and vulnerable. Moonlight glowed on her naked hips and breasts.
At least my fetish had been fulfilled.
Just then a cloud passed in front of the moon, the room went momentarily dark, and Lysa instinctively clutched my arm. The old expression "sewing wild oats," along with all its cultural baggage, sprang to mind. 'Wild oats' were becoming a way of life for me. But Emma and Lysa were relative babies, bright college students with a lifetime of joys and regrets ahead. I hoped that a decade from now, tonight's trauma, whatever its source, wouldn't wind in Emma's regret column.
With that thought, the moon reappeared, Emma's bedroom glowed in all its pink magnificence, and I returned to a troubled sleep.
Lysa and I moved into the roommate's bed and spent three more uneventful days and nights in Berlin. Emma and I became close, or a close as you could expect with Lysa translating for us. The "morning after" Emma cleared the air by apologizing and explaining she simply had gotten involved in something more complex than she could handle.
We joined Mia and Sophia, the other girls from the "The Hole," at a trendy cafe in the Prenzlauer Berg not far from the Mauerpark flea market. I couldn't help but notice the double takes our table got from guys of all ages passing on the sidewalk. Most went from open appreciation of the four young beauties — two blonds, a brunette and red head — to expressions of jealousy if they caught sight of me in the shadows.
If it hadn't been for the quick decision to invite Lysa to join me the night we met back in her Frankfurt apartment, I would be one of those lonely guys, leering at women with whom I couldn't even communicate.
Something told me that even though they spoke fluent German, most of the guys making eyes Lysa, Emma, Sophia and Mia, lacked the empathy and understanding to make intelligent conversation with these complicated women.
Hell, without Lysa as my go between, I probably didn't either.
***
The art search in Berlin was, frankly, a bust. The first of Bea's favorite dealers suffered from dementia and had moved into a nursing home.
The second had retired, but Lysa helped me track him down to a shabby little apartment in Kruezberg, a vibrant central Berlin neighborhood also known as little Istanbul.
We spent an afternoon reliving his memories of my aunt. Like Gustave in Frankfurt, Aydin had traveled with Bea to pay homage to some of the greatest living artists of the era, including the notoriously reclusive Magritte. Lysa and I listened spellbound, until it was clear Aydin's energy, and memory, was flagging.
As we left the apartment, Lysa remarked the she hoped the gallery business was kinder to me financially.
"Bea said not to be fooled, that Aydin also owned a magnificent coastal villa outside a Istanbul," I explain. The shabby Berlin apartment was mainly for the benefit of tight-fisted German and Dutch collectors who needed to be reassured they weren't being fleeced by some nefarious schemer."
"But isn't that the very definition of a dealer?" she asks innocently. I resist the urge to reply with a swift punch to the shoulder.
The Konferenzzentrum exhibition is overwhelming in size. I take a lot of photos and make copious notes about the few young painters whose work showed the kind of rare creative vision I was seeking. For some reason, Paul Junior's work is not included in the exhibit, but to me it would have stood out from the rest like a beacon.
The group shows of emerging artists at Berlin's commercial galleries are no more successful. If not for Emma's keen appreciation of artistic originality and her chance observation of the Vogel Schule, the entire trip to Germany would have been a bust. At least as far as my business aspirations were concerned.
Being with Lysa, however, I was beginning to realize was a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Looking ahead to Prague, it crossed my mind how little I really knew about Violet. But gut instinct told me Lysa and Violet were peas in a pod and if ever there were three people who could sustain "troupledom" for a few blissful days, we were it.
Also, as something of the new crossroads of world youth culture, Prague held out a kind of promise that I found lacking in Germany's formalized and established art scene.
Back in Paris, the delightful distraction of the Nordic "Twins," Runa and Raven, had prevented me from even scratching the surface of the world's traditional center of emerging artists. With Lysa along to keep me focused, I wondered if I shouldn't revisit Paris, perhaps by taking an overnight train from Prague to Prague.
As aunt Bea would say, "we'll know in the fullness of time."
***
On our last night at Emma's place, we eat too much, drink too much, and to my surprise, Emma and Lysa flirt shamelessly. Emma wears cutoffs, and what is clearly a thong underneath, along with a sleeveless pink cotton spaghetti strap top that does little to conceal her bra-less breasts and nipples.
Halfway through a feast of garlic bread, beef lasagna, and red Tuscan wine, Emma's eyes lock onto Lysa and never waver. As the girls banter in German, Emma's nipples became swollen, and eventually, fully engorged. As they press against the tight cotton fabric, I can make out the indented milk ducts at the tip of each taut nipple and even the delicate ridges on each areola. In the soft candlelight, her strawberry blond curls frame her beautiful blue eyes and lips with a golden halo.
Lysa's much smaller breasts strain against her blue polo shirt, nipples hard and visible against the thin Pima cotton. Her eyes glow under heavy lids and the tip of her tongue flicks nervously across full, sensual lips. Lysa's look of sexual arousal brings back the memory of our first night in Frankfurt, when she had fingered herself while watching me as I made out on the living room couch with her big sister.
The tone of their voices gradually diminishes first to quiet whispers, and then to stillness as they search each other's eyes. Lysa leans in and Emma reciprocates, tipping her head back and closing her eyes as the girls gently brush lips.
At first, the kiss is awkward and tentative. But soon, Lysa's arms encircle Emma, and their kisses turn urgent with tongues intertwined and the sounds of heavy breathing. As the embrace deepens, I lose sight of the girls faces in the shadows. But Emma's pale finger tips gliding across Lysa's shirt and carefully encircling each swollen nipple are as impossible to miss as Lysa's deep guttural moan.
A moment later, Emma stands up, takes Lysa's hand, and guides her toward Emma's pink bedroom.
"Maybe I'll just clean up," I tell Lysa.
"I'll come and get you if we need anything," she replies with a naughty smile.
I try to ignore the satisfied groans coming from Emma's room as I wash the dishes and open the last bottle of Chianti. It's almost empty when Lysa emerges, takes me by the hand and drags me into Emma's room.
Moonlight pours through the floor-to-ceiling window, giving Emma's naked body a silvery, other-worldly glow. She is lying on her side, watching me through half-closed eyes, her right hand pressed tight between her thighs.
"Emma's never seen a guy make himself cum," Lysa explains softly. "Would you do it for her?"
"Of course," I reply, dropping my pants and briefs in a single move. "But let's show her something else first."
My cock had been erect for at least the last hour, and as it springs out of confinement, it bobs up and down comically. The girls giggle and I grab Lysa around the waist and guide her into the stream of silver moonbeams. I press myself against the window, which is still warm from the afternoon sun, and pull Lysa next to me. The chances of anyone seeing us are remote, but even the possibility of an unseen watcher, adds a little edge of excitement.
And then there is Emma, who watches intently.
Lysa catches on instantly, and presses her long back and amazing ass against the window, then turns around, and grinds her tits and shaved pubis against the warm glass. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Emma rise to a sitting position for a better view. At the same time, she spreads her legs, revealing her glistening labia, wet with girl-juice and saliva, before placing her hand firmly against her sex.
Lysa's hands reach behind my back as she wraps herself around my waist with the dexterity of a gymnast. With her arms behind my neck, her steaming pussy presses into my lower abs with searing heat. Her pert breasts are crushed against my chest. When I look into the narrow gap between our bodies, Lysa's pussy lips peek out from under her pubic mound like a flower in blossom.
A moment later, Lysa's finger nails slowly claw my back on a direct line toward my butt. Instinctively, I thrust my hips forward to reduce the target, which lifts my cock to within inches of those pouting pussy lips. Before I can relax, in a single, seamless motion, Lysa's hand grabs my cock at the base as she lowers her body. I slip effortlessly between her open lips and into the warm channel of her vagina.
My half closed eyes fly open in surprise, and although she at least knows what was coming, Lysa's eyes also grow wide as I penetrate deep inside her. She smiles at me for a glorious instant before her eyelids flutter close and she utters a little giggle that slowly morphs into a contented moan.
At first Lysa uses her remarkable musculature to lift and lower herself along the full length of my shaft, generating sensations that I'd never experienced before. Perhaps it is my overheated imagination, but it seems as if I can feel the muscles of her vagina contracting and releasing each time she rides up and down my cock. The contented look on Lysa's face is the perfect match for the unhurried, even languid pace of our coupling.
Merely holding on to Lysa without toppling over requires nearly all my concentration. But as I grow more accustomed to holding her, I find I can roll my hips and meet her halfway as she pumps her body up and down on me.
We fuck like this until I sense an urgency building within us. "The window," she pants in my ear. "Closer." We step back into the flooding light of a waxing gibbous moon. Stretching to the horizon is a brilliant tapestry of glimmering windows, neon signs and city street lamps. And superimposed over all of that is our naked reflection. Lysa huddled in my arms, the rounded contours of her long back and perfect ass glowing brightly in the moonlight.
Lysa and I are thrusting toward a mutual climax, her body suddenly feeling light and tight in my arms. Abruptly, Lysa's hips pause and she lifts her lips to my ear. "I think we're forgetting something," she whispers, nodding toward Emma, who is watching expectantly. "She really, really wants to watch you cum."
We are so close to the brink, it takes all my self-discipline to slowly pull out of Lysa. But when I see Emma's hungry eyes focused my cock with obvious fascination, a new surge of excitement jolts through me. I crawl along Emma's bed until I am directly between her naked, outstretched thighs. Resting on my knees, my cock is within inches of her beautiful lips and face as I begin stroking.
My shaft glistens with Lysa's secretions, and my fingers glide effortlessly with Emma's gleaming eyes following every move. Eventually, I notice the friction increasing, and not in a good way. As I pause for a moment, a look of curiosity crosses Emma's face. I reach down and carefully remove her hand from her vagina, then slide three fingers inside. Her eyes fly open in surprise and she emits a little squeal at the same time she instinctively lifts her hips to meet my exploring fingertips.
My thumb finds Emma's pouting little clit, and I press and tease it mercilessly while Emma whimpers and thrashes. When she seems at the edge of orgasm, my fingers come away wet and slippery. A moment later, we are masturbating again. My eyes fix on the growing expression of ecstasy written across Emma's lips and heavy lidded eyes which never stray from their focus on my cock. Emma's breath comes in short gasps causing her nubile breasts and swollen pink nipples to rise and fall with aroused abandon.
For some reason, watching Emma's soft, pillowy tits bounce and jiggle as her fingers play between her legs sends a series of spasms that began in my pecs, run down my stomach and abs, and end with my cock pulsing wildly. With a shy smile, Emma reaches out, takes my trembling cock in her wet fingers, and guides it between her labia.
She is hot and slippery and despite the tight grip of her vaginal wall, I glide inside in a single thrust as Emma exhales in a deep sigh. As happened during our wild night on the road to Berlin, Emma falls into a rhythm, her hips move in perfect synchronicity with my rapidly building urgency. And her fingertips are everywhere at once. Clawing at my butt cheeks. Playfully teasing my balls. Stroking the back of my neck. Swirling along the inside of my thighs.
"I'm going to cum," I try to warn her. I don't know if she understands or not, but she grabs my ass with both hands and forces my cock so deep inside it presses into her cervix.
Emma squeals and my cock seems to pull back into itself for an instant before the first explosion of cum spurts. Emma's eyes go wide with surprise and pleasure, her hips give one more forceful thrust, and her muscles contract on my cock in a series of powerful spasms that ripple down my cock, milking the the rest of my orgasm like a thousand tiny fingertips.
Emma's eyelids shut and she emits a deep moan that echoes from somewhere in the darkness where Lysa is watching — and masturbating. Emma pulls my lips to hers, and we fall into and an endless kiss, arms wrapped around each other and my tingling cock still buried to the hilt.
Sometime after sunrise, I wake in the middle of an intensely erotic dream. Although, it's not entirely a dream. I'm still in Emma's big pink bed. But Emma and Lysa huddle over my cock. Emma's fingers gently stroke the shaft, while Lysa rolls my balls between her fingertips. My hips, I realize, are softly thrusting in response to the girls' sensual massage.
"Finally," Lysa whispers. "I was afraid you'd cum in your sleep. Remember what you promised Emma?"
Actually, I didn't, or at least not until Lysa takes my fingers and wraps them around my cock as Emma looks down in fascination. The gleam of interest in her eyes is practically enough to make me cum.
I start slowly, rubbing up and down my shaft with long, languid strokes. Emma's eyes urge me on, and she makes a little "o" with her mouth, bringing it within inches of my cock tip. Soon my fingers are wrapped around the super-sensitive ridge along my cock head, the motion of my hand becomes a blur, and my hips lift and thrust toward the holy grail of Emma's waiting full, waiting lips.
After a final frenzy of jerking, I feel the first spurt rising through me. My eyes lock onto Emma as she watches my cock tip with devout attention. Something about Emma's combination of innocent sexual curiosity and the hungry glint in her eyes, tumbles me over the edge.
The first two explosions of cum rise into the air like a fountain and splatter back on my hands and legs. Then something warm and wet engulfs my cock as Emma lowers her mouth over me and I feel myself squirt between her tongue and the roof of her mouth until my spasms subside.
When my hips fall back onto the bed, Emma is smiling ear-to-ear and wiping my last drops from her lips with the back of her hand while Lysa curls next to us in a girly giggle fit. I want to ask 'what's so funny?' But bite my tongue instead.
An hour later, Lysa and I kiss Emma goodbye and roll our bikes into the service elevator. Outside, the summer heat wave feels like cycling through a blast furnace as we pedal through Berlin's backstreets until we reach the road to Prague.
###
The route from Berlin to Prague is short.
At 350 km, it's about the same as New York to Boston. But it follows an insanely steep and twisting mountain road choked with early season tourist caravans and truck traffic.
We make an unplanned visit to an little village on the Bavaria-Czech border, where we camp in the forest, sleep until Noon, and spend the afternoon soaking off exhaust fumes and making love a cool mountain pond.
Lysa also fills me in on the first traumatic night with Emma.
It was pretty much as Emma explained. She was raised in sexually repressive atmosphere, attended religious schools, and rebelled as a college freshman by hanging out with Mia, a promiscuous, bi-sexual sophomore.
She'd been swept unknowingly, as we all had, into our spontaneous little orgy at the Bavarian Inn after our drunken evening at "The Hole," and had decided I was a better option than aggressive lesbian group sex.
She never expected to become infatuated.
But for a girl who'd only known a couple boyfriends, the reality of threesome with Lysa and I was too much at first. She was fine with it in the abstract, her body ached for it.
The real thing contradicted 18 years of religious indoctrination. When a hot fantasy with two strangers became a frightening reality, Emma suffered a classic anxiety attack. By that amazing last night, the three of us had become friends and lovers.
And so Lysa and I left Berlin with a deep affection, call it a perfect combination of friendship and lust, for Emma.
There would be no panic attack with Violet. That was certain.
Two days later we roll into Prague still in the grip of an unrelenting heat wave. Thinking of space, not air conditioning, I had reserved a real hotel room with a big bed, shower, and as it turns out, functioning AC.
I give us time to acclimate to Prague by setting a date to meet Violet for dinner in two days. Something tells me not to mention it to Lysa. It's the right move.
Freshly showered and relaxed, we hit pay dirt in the community center of a suburban Jewish Temple. The artist's name is a decidedly non-Semitic Melody Jones. She's a third year art school student who specializes in large canvases depicting scenes from the Torah.
A little derivative of Chagall, perhaps, but Melody paints with an unshakable confidence, and in a unique style that successfully combines mildly erotic nude angels with depictions of fierce Egyptians, Assyrians, Babylonians, and, of course, Noah, Abraham and their descendants.
Like Chagall, and Theo Tobaisse, her work transcends "Jewish art," making Biblical themes accessible to a universal audience. It's the kind of humanist take of tribal culture that aunt Bea would have adored.
Lysa tracks down Melody on Facebook. She's in the process of packing to return to Wales for the summer, but eagerly agrees to show us more of her paintings at the college art studio, where I make my iPad assisted pitch.
She's happy with the contract. What art student wouldn't be? And we settle on five canvases. Three from the exhibit that she would mail to New York, and two more she has in the studio, for €5,000. Lysa and I get them off via Ceska Posta just before the office closes. We then meet up with Melody for a celebratory evening at an English "travel" pub in Old Town.
The food is indifferent, the pints are endless, and by the time we stumble back to her dorm, I could almost see Melody debating internally whether to ask us up to her room.
I put a quick end to that, kissing her on the cheek and promising to do everything in my power to promote her work in the US. Lysa follows with a slightly more intimate hug and kiss and the two girls, who can't be more than a year apart, promise to stay in touch.
With another touchdown, this time a mature art student whom I'm confident will neither abandon her calling or style on a whim, I'm ready to relax and enjoy Prague.
We visit half a dozen galleries the next day, none air conditioned, but I make notes and take photos of work by several young artists who seem to on the verge of launching serious careers. After a second shower, we don freshly laundered clothes and grab the trolly into the center-city steam bath.
Violet is waiting at the bar, already surrounded by several single, and clearly unwelcome, males. And she is saving a seat next to her.
"Do you mind if my girlfriend sits here while we wait for our table?" I ask with a conspiratorial wink.
"Not at all," Violet says with a broad smile as she introduces herself to Lysa as "Victoria." I turn away to order a couple of beers. When I return, Violet and Lysa sit with their heads almost touching.
"Did you notice?" Lysa asks, looking up at me from her seat. "Victoria has the most beautiful eyes I've ever seen."
"More beautiful than Lilli?" I ask, referring to Lysa's gorgeous old sister. Lysa throws a painful roundhouse punch straight to my shoulder, catching me by surprise.
Violet lifts her eyebrows, as if to say something along the lines of, 'looks as if you've got a handful there, Big Guy."
"Sore subject," I tell Violet, rubbing my shoulder.
"Are you hikers?" Violet asks with an appraising, and intensely flirtatious look. "You are both so tan... and fit."
Lysa is wearing her little black dress with no bra, and possibly no panties either. 'Fit' doesn't begin to describe it.
"Close," Lyla replies. "We just biked from Frankfurt by way of Berlin."
With that, Violet places her fingertips on Lysa's knee and whispers something in her ear. Both girls look at me for a moment, then giggle at the inside joke, whatever it is. Lysa follows up by whispering to Violet, and the laughter grows louder and more conspiratorial. Lysa and Violet are two peas in a pod, just as imagined. The chemistry between them is everything I thought it would be. And then some!
For the next 15 minutes, I talk football with an American student, while the girls flirt openly and sensually with big smiles, little touches, and long looks into each other's eyes. When the table is ready, I invite Violet to join us. She quickly accepts and the server leads us to a quiet nook in the back where there's only one other table with what seems to be two student couples out on a date.
I suggest Violet and Lysa sit together on the banquette, while I take a chair on Lysa's right. Other than the server, the only person in the pub with a view of Lysa and Violet is a girl at the other table who wears her hair in a blond bun with wire-rim glasses and a tie-dye t-shirt. I can't see her feet, but I'd bet $50 she's wearing Birkenstocks.
Lysa and Violet are so absorbed in each other, I order for everyone, starting with beef tripe braised in onions and smoked paprika, followed by peppered chicken and rice in a sweet paprika cream sauce.
Violet is licking a bit of cream sauce off her lips with the tip of her tongue when I reach behind Lysa and slip my hand under her butt until my fingertips are at the entrance to her sex. She responds with a jolt of surprise, but then wiggles her hips, grinding her soft pussy lips against fingers.
As Lysa and Violet continue their flirtation, I gently stroke Lysa's outer labia through the thin fabric of her dress. When I turn to look for our server, I see the tie-dye girl with glasses and bun looking directly under our table to where I am fingering Lysa. When she realizes I've seen her, she lifts her eyes to mine and flashes an unmistakable smile of approval.
The desert is strawberry dumplings in a cream cheese wrap with melted butter. I manage to eat it with my left hand, while my right has found Lysa's clit. With each bite, Lysa lets out a little groan of satisfaction. But not so little that Violet doesn't know exactly what's going on.
Following the next bite of strawberry dumpling, Lysa's eyes close and I feel the movement of another hand caressing her thigh. A moment later, Lysa's dress rides up her to waist. No question about it. She's not wearing panties. I've barely found her naked clit, when Violet's fingers give my hand a friendly squeeze, then dip inside Lysa's vagina.
I can't help but looking over my shoulder at tie-dye girl's reaction. She's wide-eyed and smiling. And she's apparently alerted the other girl at the table, who sneaks glimpses while the guys remain oblivious, talking to each other.
So far, Lysa is also oblivious too, at least to our growing audience. She cuts a piece of dumpling, takes it between her teeth, then passes it to Violet's mouth, who accepts the dumpling, and then pulls Lysa into a full-mouth kiss. It seems like a good time to intensify the pressure on Lysa's clit, which I take up a notch. I can tell from the movement of her fingers that Violet does the same. Lysa's cheeks and throat are blushing red, and her breath comes in labored gasps.
"I think she's close," Violet says softly. I nod in agreement and glance sideways at tie-dye girl. My view under her table is blocked, but from the movement of her right arm, she's obviously masturbating too.
Lysa bites down on her knuckles as her body goes into spasm, her shoulders lurching left and then right in a tell-tale giveaway of a powerful orgasm. Then her head topples onto Violet's shoulder and the two melt into a very long, deep kiss that is finally interrupted by the server who arrives with steaming cups of expresso.
I thought perhaps the sex play was finished, but the feeling of a small hand on my zipper signals that Lysa has other ideas. After my cock stops bouncing up and down in appreciation of being released from confinement, Lysa goes to work with long feathery strokes.
By now, she has her hand job technique perfectly attuned to my sensitivity, and can get me off in about 90 seconds, if that's what she wants. Apparently, tonight it is not. Her soft, languid strokes get me close, but then she slows to crawl and lets Violet take over, teasing my clock head with her fingertips and long, painted nails. Each time I get close, and Lysa takes over and backs off. I'm left gasping for air with the feeling that Lysa and Violet have me, literally, in the palms of their hands.
Tie-Dye Girl is still watching, even more intently, biting her lip and rubbing herself off under the table while the two guys with her make loud, semi-drunken conversation in Italian. When I catch her eye, Tie-Dye Girl gives me a dreamy smile that makes me realize that with her glasses off and hair down, she'd be a very pretty girl.
The server arrives to ask if we want anything more, and Lysa purposely begins pumping my cock at full speed ahead. Somehow I mutter for him to bring the check without splattering cum all over my pants. An unspoken conversation takes place between Lysa and Violet, which results in Lysa tucking my cock back into my briefs and zipping me up.
"I asked Victoria to spend the night with us," Lysa tells me. "She thinks you might want to save your ammunition for later."
"Yeah. Whatever!" I hiss. It's a logical suggestion, of course. But I also knew that Lysa is enjoying the opportunity to inflict a little sexual frustration on me. As the girls whisper to each other, I and glance at Tie-Dye Girl, whose eyes are closed and cheeks turning cherry red. As I watch, her arm goes still, but her shoulders begin twitching just like Lysa's had been a few minutes earlier. When she opens her eyes, she looks right into mine, and mouths what I'm pretty sure are the words, "grazie per l'orgasmo."
"Was that girl talking to you?" Lysa asked, her tone just a little sharp.
"I think she said, 'Meet me behind the restaurant in 10 minutes," I quip.
"Well, you're little charade is over," she says very seriously. I thought she was somehow talking about the meaningful looks that Tie-Dye Girl and I had been exchanging.
"When did you figure it out?" I ask Lysa, a bit apprehensively.
"The moment I looked into her eyes," Lysa said. "And saw they were violet."
Violet looks at me and shrugs, "We gave it the old college try, didn't we Jason? Anyway, even if the prank was a fail, it's still the best dinner a I've had all summer."
"I agree!" Lysa exclaims, giving me a peck on the cheek.
***
We hopped on a trolley back to the hotel. A maid had turned down the AC to a crawl while we were at dinner, but Violet announces it's still an oasis compared to her dorm room. And there are Czech chocolates on the pillows. Magically, Violet pulls two pints of beer from her purse.
"Did Jason tell you about our flight from New York?" Violet asks.
"In arousing detail," Lysa replies with a sexy smile.
"I promised Jason the full-service menu if he could get to Prague," she continues. "Is that OK?"
"Of course, if you save a little something for me," Lysa teases.
"Mmmm... no problem there. I liked Jason's little Nordic beauties, but you, Lysa, are the real thing. I hope he appreciates what he has."
"Jason is appreciating it more and more every day. We've only been on the road a little more than a week, but there are already stories to tell," I add.
I encourage Lysa to tell Violet about our adventures. Lysa is a natural story-teller and I'm eager to hear things from her perspective.
"Wait a second," Violet interrupts when Lysa gets to the Vogel Schule. "I knew Jason was a collector, but he never mentioned a gallery in Glouchester."
"Superstitious. It's still under construction. And won't open until the tourists leave and the serious collectors come our in the Fall."
"Cool. I want to hear more about it later," she says turning back to Lysa.
We drink, and talk and laugh until well past midnight. The conversation is sometimes nuanced with double-entendres, as well as a frank discussion of what each of us prefers sexually.
"Girls are so soft and touchable," Lysa admits. Then glancing my way she adds, "But nothing gets me off like the hard cock of sensitive lover."
"A talented tongue gets it done for me every time," Violet interjects. "Guess I'm more of a clitoral girl. Rub me the right, and the earth starts shaking. What about you, Jason?"
"The only hard cock I'm familiar with is my own," I say, perhaps more defensively than I intend.
"You don't mess with other guys?" Violet asks.
"I grew up in Western Pennsylvania football culture. That sort of thing was frowned on."
"But not now," Lysa points out. "He was preaching to my big sister that pleasure is the road to enlightenment. But he won't explore gay pleasure himself. Doesn't that sound a little hypocritical?"
"Guilty as charged," I concede, knowing with two bi girls, this conversation would go nowhere. "It's a stupid prejudice instilled by narrow-minded and parochial parenting."
I could see Lysa about to muster the argument that I was now the subject of my own free will and could, if I really wanted, overcome my aversion to homosexual sex.
Fortunately, Violet rose to my defense.
"Some guys just like girls, I get it," Violet grins. "Lysa and I do too! But what's your thing, Jason. Fucking? Blow jobs? Hand jobs? Jerking off?"
"How about all of the above?" I say. "But if I had to choose one, there's nothing that seems to satisfy the soul like the emotional connection of a long, lovely fuck."
"Good answer, Lover," Lysa adds, blowing me a kiss.
When the last of the beer from Violet's purse and the minibar has been consumed, Violet takes the lead, dimming the light, stripping bare, and dropping into the turned down bed.
"Anyone care to join me?" she teased.
Lysa and I are naked and at her side in less than a New York minute.
We go for Violet's pouting nipples like a couple of hungry pups. I swirl my tongue over the sensitive tip, and when I look over at Lysa, she is sucking off the other nipple while kneading the generous expanse of Violet's breast with talented fingertips.
Violet looks down as her eyes flutter shut, and her head drops back on the pillow with a satisfied moan.
There is something erotic, but also challenging in the teamwork it takes to work our tongues symmetrically down Vilolet's often squirming torso. We lick the soft underside of her breasts, and then roll down her solar plexus to attack Violet's upper abdomen. Simultaneously, four hands grasp her breasts, pummeling and squeezing her nipples.
"Oh, my, God!" she groans. "Don't stop. Don't ever stop."
I, for one, have no intention on stopping until I can hear Violet screaming in pleasure as her vagina clamps down on my tongue. I'm pretty sure Lysa feels much the same.
"I think she likes it," Lysa grins.
I nod, tongue swirling lower, trying to gauge the extent of Violet's arousal. Violet had orgasmed within minutes during our under-the-blanket masturbation on the Paris flight. But that had been after hours of verbal foreplay.
Violet's breathing is changing. From long, deep breaths, her ribs begin to rise and fall quickly in a series of short, ragged gasps.
Violet parts her legs, spreading them from the hips, and the aroma of her arousal is unmistakable, as are her swollen inner labia. Her body trembles as Lysa and I work cheek to cheek, kissing and licking her wet outer folds and swollen vulva.
Her hips rise off the bed and Violet's slim torso trashes violently from side to side. As Violet's little pre-trembler subsides, Lysa and I reposition ourselves. When Violet's breathing returns to normal, Lysa lowers her tongue onto a stiff and glistening clitoris, while my own tongue gently pries open Violet's inner lips.
Violet shrieks in surprise and tries instinctively to twist free, but Lysa clutches her tight around the buttocks while my hands pin her flailing thighs to the bed."
"Oh, God! Oh, No!" she screams before breaking out in an uncontrolled giggle. Lysa and I never let up our assault. My tongue stiffens and dives deeper, picking up speed just like a thrusting cock while Lysa's tongue and fingers pummel Violet's straining clit.
There is an gush of fresh secretions, Violet screams in beautiful agony, and her vagina contracts around my tongue in a series a spasms that shake our little world before gradually receding. Violet's body thrashes and convulses and her eyes roll back, leaving just the whites visible.
Then she goes limp and gasps for air with a beautiful smile written across her lips.
Lysa nestles along Violet's neck, stroking her silky hair, and whispering something inaudible into Violet's ear. Violet responds with a broad smile, then she pulls Lysa close and the girls' lips locked in long and vigorous kiss.
As the girls kiss, Violet's fingers take me by surprise, grabbing my cock and guiding it to her moist entrance, where I slide effortlessly inside.
"Give me that hard cock," she giggles, breaking free of the long kiss with Lysa. "Fuck me now!"
It takes two or three strokes to fall into rhythm with Violet, who is in no mood for slow and easy, and we quickly accelerate to a frenzied, ball-slapping pace. Like our pounding bodies, our breathing falls into synch. Short and ragged and on the edge of orgasm.
A series of little spasms race down my cock, Violet's big eyes watched intently, at once teasing and pleading, and I feel the heat rising through my groin as my cock seems to retract before erupting against her molten cervix.
I loose track of space and time. The universe of infinite worlds and moving parts resolves into one thing, and one thing only. The tight glove of Violet's womb and the series of tremors that race up and down the hypersensitive nerve endings along my cock.
As the last spasms subside, we collapse into each other's arms, and I hear a stunned Lysa utter in a tone of awe-struck reverence, "My, God! That was beautiful."
Once we eventually recover, Violet and I turn on Lysa, tongue-lashing and fingering her to a series of flailing, moaning orgasms.
The first light of dawn glimmer across the fabled spires of Prague outside our window as I lowered the light blocking curtains.
For the second time in a week, I marvel at two magnificent females in my bed and am overcome by dueling emotions. One is the primal ego gratification of the triumphant Alpha male. The other a feeling of devastating helpless at the prospect of satisfying such beautiful and complicated women for anything longer or more durable than at gnat's lifetime.
I could almost feel aunt Bea smiling down on my delicate predicament, her eyes twinkling with humor and empathy. But as for the thought of this, or any threesome, being anything more than a passing extravagance, her words are unmistakably emphatic: "Jason, don't you dare even think about it!"
Postscript:
Lysa and I did, indeed, travel by train to Paris, where with newfound focus, I added two amazing young artists to my stable. A Tunisian boy with a gift for sensitive portraits that somehow turned his subjects into iconic statements about the human condition. And a teen-age French girl who painted neighborhood street scenes with a deep sense of place and humor with the fluid expression off established masters like Duffy.
I thought my travels with Lysa would end in Paris. But the day I purchased her a one-way ticket to Frankfurt, Lysa surprised me one more time by inviting me to join her crew on their August journey to Lisbon, via Northern Italy, Southern France and the Spanish coast.
That trip, also, worked out better than I could have imagined.
Lysa's friends were accomplished cyclists and thoughtful traveling companions. They were fascinated by my art hounding and looked forward to gallery and exhibition visits as a pleasant diversion from an otherwise grueling routine of 8-to-10 hours on the bike saddle. When I did need to take additional time, Lysa and I stayed behind and caught up by bus or train.
By the time Summer began drawing to a close and Lysa and her friends returned to their universities, construction on the Bea Plymptom was nearing completion and I had filled my 12-artist stable. I offered Lysa a job managing the Bea Plymptom when she finished university in two years — about when I hoped the gallery would begin turning a profit.
Although I was secretly tempted, a side trip to Norway was not in the cards. I sent my regrets to Runa and Raven, wishing them luck with their new college careers and promising to stay in touch on Facebook.
On the day of the Autumn Equinox, I met up with Violet at Charles de Gaul where we boarded an afternoon flight together for JFK.
ENDIT
DISCLAIMER: This is a work of fiction. Except for historical figures, no characters in this story are based on actual people, living or dead. All characters involved in sexual situations are 18 years or older. All rights reserved, 2020.