All characters are 18+.
...
Gwen Jones and Kelly Buxton hadn't been friends long, and they weren't even particularly good friends -- their desks happened to be next to each other at work and that was about it. They were very different -- Gwen was short and slender and pale, with long red hair and equally red freckles splashed across her face, her vibe almost infinitely shy. Kelly was taller, more serious, her blonde hair in a carefully maintained pixie cut, her body curvy and eyes blue to the point of hypnotic. They were opposites -- perhaps that's why they started to gravitate together.
Bit by bit by bit, they got to talking and learned various vague things about each other -- Gwen found out about Kelly's farming family, her obsession with old foreign movies, her "utterly useless" degree in Classics. Kelly found out about Gwen's recreational screenwriting, her love of baseball, her online side-business selling socks. And then, surprising even herself, Gwen asked Kelly out -- not as a date, not really, but to see something which Gwen kept as a tightly locked up secret. Cherry Blossom Island.
The island lurked south of town, where the river valley shattered into a sprawling archipelago separated by a knee-high river. Nobody ever came -- fewer than nobody, it seemed, knew about the island, a dot of pink among a sea of reeds. Gwen had been coming since she was little and, all that time, had never seen another soul. She didn't know how long her secret would stay that way -- nor why she'd so carelessly betrayed its existence by inviting Kelly to see it. She supposed she was now old enough to start sharing.
Gwen arrived first, having deliberately come early to head off any risk of Kelly getting lost, and she spent the spare time sitting on her backpack and dipping her bare feet into the water. A pair of blue dragonflies danced together above the surface. She wondered if Kelly would come at all -- she'd said she would, yet Gwen couldn't help but fret. It was an odd thing to do, inviting a friend from work to a place like this, but she preferred it to the pub. She wanted something memorable.
Eventually, there came a rustle from the trees up the nearby hill and from the greenery emerged a slightly flustered looking Kelly, weighed down by her own backpack. Her face filled with relief when she spotted Gwen as she realised she wasn't lost after all. Gwen waved and Kelly hurried down the hill, dressed in a stripy t-shirt, baggy trousers, and walking boots.
"I was starting to think you weren't coming," said Gwen, as she arrived.
"Course I was coming," Kelly replied, her smile as sweet, if a bit scary, as ever. "Just hard to find this place."
"Yeah..." Gwen looked away. "I guess I forget finding my way is second nature by now."
"So that's it, then?" Kelly asked, looking out over the river towards the island, which seemed to explode into pinks and cherries with all the blossom crowding its trees. Birdsong and the rush of water filled the air. It was hard to believe the city was so close and yet so silenced.
"That's it. Neat, huh?"
"I didn't bring a change of clothes."
"You don't need to," Gwen assured her. "It's way shallower than it looks -- just roll up your trousers to your knees and you'll be fine."
"Alright -- but I'm trusting you on that one."
"I'll try not to let you down." Kelly smirked -- Gwen watched as she sat on the riverbank to take off her shoes and socks before rolling up her trousers as instructed.
"Alright," said Kelly, as she stood again. "Let's do this thing."
Hand in hand to keep from toppling over, the pair waded into the warm river -- more than once, Kelly remarked on the sight of little fish navigating around their ankles.
"How on Earth did you find this place?" she sighed. "It's heavenly."
"Just lucky, I guess," Gwen replied.
"I never knew the air could be this sweet, and... oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!" Gwen felt the pull as Kelly stepped on a loose rock which surrendered under her weight. Kelly fell backwards and Gwen tightened her grip to try and keep her upright -- all it did was make Gwen fall with her. The two crashed into the river and found themselves sitting there, the water running around them, soaked to their skin. Kelly sighed.
"Awesome."
"It's not the end of the world." Kelly shot Gwen a look.
"I'm going home."
"No, don't," Gwen protested. "Come on -- at least check out the island. Who cares if we're a bit wet? Can't get any wetter."
"Yeah..." Kelly looked down at herself, still sat in the river. "Yeah, alright, I guess."
Kelly stood first, then with both hands helped haul Gwen to her feet, water dribbling off their sodden clothes, the fabric sticking to their skin. They then waded the rest of the way to the still-alluring island.
"It's a hot day," said Gwen brightly. "We might dry pretty quick."
"Maybe." Kelly shrugged. "I'll try not to let it spoil my mood."
"You better not." Gwen stuck out her tongue and Kelly smiled.
"At least our hair's dry. That's... something."
Soon enough, the pair were stepping ashore, the grass taking good care of their bare feet, and Kelly seemed to have forgotten all about her soddenness. She was too busy staring this way and that at all the cherry blossom trees, each exploding with colours so bright they could have been alien, awe in her eyes even as she picked constantly at her t-shirt which clung to her skin. The shape of her bra was as visible as it ever could be against her shirt and Gwen tried not to stare -- after all, she was in much the same predicament and Kelly wasn't staring at her.
"This place is insane," Kelly mumbled, letting her backpack fall from her shoulders.
"Told you." An intense satisfaction rolled over Gwen as she watched Kelly approach a big grey rock and lean against it. She gasped.
"Wow, that's warm."
"It gets so good in the summer," Gwen agreed, joining her -- they both stood against the rock, basking in the heat the Sun had given it, blossom pirouetting in the air around them.
"Almost romantic," muttered Kelly -- Gwen just laughed.
"If this is almost romantic then it must take a lot to please you."
"You've got no idea," sniggered Kelly. "No wonder I haven't had a boyfriend in, like, two years."
"You don't say?"
"It's no big deal." Kelly shrugged -- then sighed. "It's gonna take forever to dry off, isn't it?"
"Possibly."
"How visible is this place?" Gwen watched as Kelly took a few steps forward and scanned the mainland, just beyond the river.
"Not very," mumbled Gwen, starting to figure out what Kelly was thinking. "Nobody even knows about it except me. Why?"
"I'm just gonna apologise for this now." Kelly glanced over her shoulder at Gwen and, then, pulled off her shirt. Being as wet as it was, it was hardly cooperative, but it came off nonetheless -- Kelly laid it out on the rock, apparently unbothered to be seen in her soaked white bra, before she reached down and unbuttoned her trousers. Gwen watched, silent, as they came down -- and so Kelly stood in her white bra and matching panties, her skin pink and glimmering in the Sun.
"Well, okay," giggled Gwen, feeling envy for her friend's soft belly. "If this is what we're doing..." She followed suit, pulling off her clothes and laying them out next to Kelly's, now standing in a black bra and dark blue boxers. The warm air was very welcome on her ghostly, freckled skin.
"I'm not gonna pretend that doesn't feel a lot better," sighed Kelly, and Gwen nodded in agreement, but there seemed to be something additional waiting to leap from her tongue. And then it did. "Would you judge me if I got naked?"
"I'd be a hypocrite," Gwen replied quietly, her stomach doing somersaults. "I fell once when I came here on my own so I spent the day nude. It was pretty liberating."
"Nudity usually is," said Kelly. "So I hear."
"Yeah." Their eyes met and, as both reached to unhook their bras, they burst into nervous laughter.
"This is so weird," Kelly giggled, as her bra fell away -- Gwen did her utmost not to stare at her breasts and pale pink nipples.
"It was your idea," Gwen sniggered, as she pulled off her bra, nearly gasping as the air played with her small breasts and tickled her nipples -- but the feeling of Kelly's eyes on them tickled most as she threw her bra onto the rock.
"...I know." Kelly laughed again as she pulled down her knickers, stepping gingerly out of them, and Gwen managed a discreet glance at her friend's pretty, tight girlhood, her pubic hair shaved to dark stubble. She followed suit and, then, the two girls stood naked together.
"Well, this is me," giggled Gwen, facing Kelly and stretching her arms out in a ta-dah motion. Kelly smiled wryly and tried not to look her up and down.
"I love your freckles."
"Yeah?" Gwen glanced down at all the dark orange spots dotting her chest. "I used to get made fun of for them but I've always liked them."
"You should." Gwen smiled, catching Kelly as she glanced south, towards Gwen's vulnerable girlhood and the fluffy, pale red hair between her thighs.
"I like your..." Gwen's pause was just a little too long and Kelly, inevitably, cracked up. "What? I wasn't gonna say..."
"You can say it if you wanna say it," said Kelly, her tongue firmly fixed between her teeth.
"Fine, maybe I like your tits, okay?" Gwen looked away, her face hot, while Kelly just kept laughing as she stretched out, her ribs pressing against her skin. Gwen copied her.
"Feels good, right?" asked Kelly.
"I'm actually pretty surprised by how okay I am with it," Gwen sighed. "Guess I must trust you."
"How nice of you." Kelly winked, putting her hands on her curvy hips.
"Well, I guess I'll show you around," laughed Gwen. "Best not to tell anyone from work about this, right?"
"Wouldn't wanna make them jealous." Kelly winked again, and Gwen turned away to lead her through the trees. Still the blossom fell like snow around them.
"You've got such a cute bum," Kelly remarked from behind her.
"Really?" Gwen strained to look down over her shoulder. "I always thought it was too big."
"Nah," said Kelly encouragingly, joining Gwen at her side, "I'm jealous."
"Lets see yours, then." Kelly shook her head -- but still twirled for Gwen, letting her admire her plump, pink butt, while Gwen clapped and giggled like a seal.
The island was small enough to cross in a couple of minutes, but there were plenty of nooks and crannies to enjoy -- not least the cave where Gwen had napped away a fair few afternoons. The more they explored, the less they noticed each other's nudity and felt their own. A strange camaraderie had developed, their nudity so divorced from sexuality that no pressure or fear could fester, and Gwen found herself feeling freer than she could remember feeling.
It was when the two were stood at the opposite end of the island, looking downriver and discussing who at work they liked and disliked as if they weren't standing naked on an enchanted-feeling island, that something changed. The wind picked up. The sky seemed to grey. And then...
"Do you hear that?" asked Kelly, anxiety in her voice.
"Hear what?" Kelly was looking to the sky -- and then Gwen heard it too. Thunder was rolling down the valley towards them. "Oh no... no way."
"I swear..." The rain came on the thunder's heels. At the first pitter-patter, the two girls shrieked and sprinted back across the island to find the rock they'd left their clothes on.
"Where is it?" demanded Kelly. "Where is it?" Gwen found it, knowing the island as well as she did, and the pair gathered up their still-wet clothes.
"Okay, well, what now?" hissed Kelly, holding her clothes protectively against her bare body.
"The cave, I guess?" suggested Gwen, and Kelly just gestured for her to lead.
By the time they came across the cave again, the rain was coming down even heavier than ever, the pitter-patter turning into relentless sheets. Both naked girls were shivering as they ducked into the cave, its rock walls still warm as the Sun turned it into an oven, and sat beside each other. The soft grass felt nice on their bare rears -- though neither acknowledged it. Outside, the rain pounded down.
"This is a bit of a downer," muttered Kelly, still holding her clothes in a ball.
"It's not so bad," Gwen insisted. "We'll just wait 'til the rain clears."
But it didn't clear -- just kept lashing down with no end in sight. A fog started to creep over the island and, as the air filled with moisture, it got colder and colder. Gwen couldn't hide her shivering.
"Chilly?" asked Kelly.
"Just a bit." Kelly replied by outstretching her arms and, without a word, Gwen leaned into her, her head cushioned by Kelly's breasts.
"I brought sandwiches, by the way," Kelly said. "They didn't get wet -- I had them in some tupperware."
"What sort?"
"Peanut butter. And there's some biscuits and drinks and stuff. I may have brought wine." Gwen smiled. "What?"
"Nothing -- that's my favourite sandwich type, is all."
"You're very cute, you know." Kelly's arms tightened, just a little, on Gwen, who brought her knees to her chest so she might curl up against her friend. Warmth began to come back to the pair.
The rain kept going, a constant patter, and soon plans for getting home were materialising in Gwen's mind. Kelly, though, seemed to have other ideas.
"You said you've slept here before?" she asked, quietly.
"Yeah."
"Wanna do it again? It's not like we've got work tomorrow -- it's Saturday."
"That's be nice." Kelly kissed the top of her head while, outside, the rain kept beating a rhythm not dissimilar from the one in Gwen's chest, as she felt Kelly's hand trail along her bare thigh and, slowly, slip between her legs.
"What're you doing?" whispered Gwen.
"Sorry." Kelly withdrew her hand at once and balled it into a fist -- Gwen couldn't see her face but guessed she looked ashamed.
"I didn't say to stop," Gwen whimpered, quieter than ever. Kelly said nothing in reply -- but her hand returned, her fingers finding Gwen's quivering girlhood, trailing between her lips. Gwen gasped against Kelly's chest, fireworks sounding in her groin, and her first orgasm rocketed through her within seconds of being touched.
It was the first of many.