All characters involved in this story are the age of eighteen, or older.
*
The Father of our Church became ill just before the Church service on Sunday, and he summoned me to his office.
He says "Sister Carolyn, please fill in for me today, and God Bless you!"
Oh my God, this is the moment I have been waiting for! I quickly run out of his office to the Nun's private bathroom. I strip out of my Nun's uniform, take off my underwear, then get dressed again. Oh God, I am going to sin! Please Jesus forgive me!
I walk onto the stage where about a hundred people are waiting for the Father to give his sermon. I announce that he cannot be here today, then I launch into a speech about young boys and girls having sex before marriage. My speech lasts about ten minutes, then I ask if any any young men from the audience would like to come up on the stage, and I will show them what NOT to do before they get married.
I look over the congregation and see about ten hands from young men waving around. I see a really good looking guy about half way down the aisle, so I point at him, then say "God has blessed you my son! Come up here so we can show everyone what a sin it is to have sex before marriage!"
The properly dressed young man steps onto the stage and I immediately push my hand down the front of his pants. His cock grows in my hand as I lean forward and begin tongue kissing him. Oh my God, his cock is getting huge, and I cannot keep me fingers around it! I get down on my knees, unzip his pants and pull his cock out. My Lord Jesus has blessed me! This is the biggest cock I have ever hand my fingers around!
As I stroke the young man's cock back and forth, I look over at the congregation and say "Praise the Lord for delivering this evil for us to witness!"
The Church is silent as I open my mouth as wide as I can, then push my face towards Satan's tool! I take about four or five inches of cock inside me, then wait a few seconds for Jesus to forgive me. Thank the lord, he prevented me from gagging! I hold steady for a few seconds, then pull my head back and stand up.
The congregation applauds as two of my Sisters run over to me and help to take my uniform off. The congregation gets to their feet and keeps applauding as I walk naked back and forth across the stage. Oh my God, what am I doing? I return to the young man and see that he is masturbating while looking at my naked body.
I watch him for a few moments, then look over at the audience and say "Satan is here right now! And he wants this young man to push his tool inside me so you will understand his power! I will let him do this for a few minutes until Jesus intervenes and makes him take it out of me! Praise the Lord for his guidence!"
My Sister's bring out a piece of carpet, lay it down in the middle of the stage, then run back over behind the curtains. I lay down on it, then look up at the young man and say "Satan wants you to put your cock into my smooth shaven pussy! Are you going to do what Jesus wants you to do, or are going fall from grace and make Satan happy?"
Suddenly the boy rips off his clothes and says "Fuck Jesus Christ! You have the best body I have ever seen!"
He gets down on his knees between my legs and thrusts his huge cock inside my pussy! Oh my God his cock is huge!
It is ripping me apart and I start screaming "Satan is entering me! Please look away while he tests my relationship with our Lord!"
The boy starts fucking the hell out of me and I can't help from screaming "Oh Jesus Christ! Oh, Jesus Christ! Satan is inside me! Please help me for I am in need! Help me Jesus Christ!"
Satan continues to fuck me for another ten minutes while the audience is silent. Meanwhile, they hear my screams "Oh my God! Oh my God! Please God, don't let Satan's seed enter my body! Oh Jesus, please use your powers to prevent Satan from having a baby with me!"
Just then, the boy ejaculates inside me! I can feel his cock pumping over and over again!
Suddenly a wave of relief comes over me when Jesus talks to me and says "Sister Matthews, I have relieved you from Satan's grasp and you will not get pregnant! But, please stop sinning so often and let me get some rest! God Bless you my Child!"