I apologize for how long these new chapters are taking. Due to a family medical problem, I have little time to write. I rushed the original version of this chapter. The ending was poor, and the reviews and ratings reflected that. The last 20% of this chapter has been rewritten to better align with the character's personality and consensual, safer BDSM practices.
This story is part twenty-four of how the financial pressures of joblessness in the era of COVID led one woman to become a 24/7 live-in companion and submissive BDSM playmate and how this relationship expanded to include her stepdaughters. However, in this chapter Alice and Howard switch, and Alice turns out to be a nasty dominatrix.
Comments and suggestions are appreciated. If you want to learn how Alice and Howard reached this point, please read the series from the beginning. I am writing a love story that contains incest, lesbian, male domination, female domination, female submission, male submission, exhibitionist, erotic and BDSM themes. If you don't like these themes, please skip this story.
All the characters and events portrayed in this story are fictional. Any resemblance to actual people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Main Characters;
Alice is a 45-year-old widow who has become a kinky companion to Howard, a 64-year-old widower. They enjoy BDSM play and are both switches. Alice usually is submissive, and Howard usually is dominant. Howard found Alice through an ad he placed looking for a submissive BDSM playmate. However, Alice has become more to Howard than what he had sought.
Michelle (23 years old) and Jessica (21) are Alice's stepdaughters. Both have been having kinky adventures with their stepmom, Alice.
Adam (21 years old) works part-time for Howard setting up and participating in his kinky games.
Sally is Alice's long-term friend, whom Alice met at a BDSM club when she was new in the scene. Sally is almost always dominant.
Alison is a friend of Sally. She is a dominatrix at Sally's club and is also a Medical Doctor. She is the lead character in "The Domme Next Door".
With this chapter, I am returning to telling the story in the third person. I'm going to be watching the feedback closely.
=========
While Alice was waiting for Jessica to return, she reviewed what she had done so far. Having Howard make his way to the dungeon with a humbler installed had been perfect. Securing him to remove his body hair while Michelle face-sat him was working. However, removing the hair from Howard's cock and balls had been a little more intense than she had wanted.
Alice thought, "I need help dominating Howard until tomorrow at midnight without overdoing it. I just don't have experience as a dominatrix to men.
It then came to her that she knew an expert who could help. She texted, "Sally, are you available today or tomorrow? I need help in dominating my boyfriend. We have switched until tomorrow night."
Sally responded immediately, "I'm off until Monday. However, I am a little confused. I thought he was the Dom and you the Sub. I'm mostly a lesbian, but I do have some bisexual interests. While I mostly play with women, I've been in this world for a long time and have learned how to dominate men. It is always fun. Is this a good time to call?"
Alice called Sally. Alice explained that due to a game of chance, they had switched until midnight tomorrow. Sally thanked her for sending Alexis and Ashley to her. Alice explained that she needed to get Jessica ready for when the male submissive that had come into her net showed up Monday.
Sally liked what she heard and volunteered to help for the entire time as Alice wasn't that experienced as a Dominatrix. Sally agreed that she would not attempt to Dom Alice or Jessica but would help them to become stronger dominatrixes for Howard and Michelle. Sally told Alice she would put on her leather catsuit and pack some other outfits, regular clothes, supplies, and toys in a suitcase and should be there in about an hour.
When Jessica returned with the hair trimmers, they removed all the long hair from the rest of Howard's lower body and used wax to remove the rest.
Howard screamed many times as they pulled off the wax-embedded cloth strips, but it wasn't as loud or prolonged as when the hair had been removed from his cock and ball.
In between Howard's screams, he faithfully worked his tongue on Michelle's pussy as she continued her face sitting on him.
They had to flip him to get the hair off his backside. Once he was restrained face down, Michelle got her pussy under his face, and he continued pleasuring her.
Once all the hair below Howard's neck was removed, Alice attached e-stim electrodes to his dick and put them on a mid-level setting. Howard moaned as the stim brought too much stimulation to his cock.
She announced to Michelle and Jessica, "Let's get a drink while we wait for my friend Sally to arrive. Howard will be kept occupied by a little stimulation." And then she laughed.
Howard exclaimed, "Mistress, please don't leave with the stim set this high."
Alice went over and turned the stim down a few settings.
Howard said, "Thank you, Mistress."
The three women left the dungeon and made themselves drinks. It wasn't long before Sally knocked on the door. Alice and Sally hugged.
Alice exclaimed, "Sally, you look amazing in that catsuit."
"Thank you, Alice. This catsuit is my favorite Dominatrix outfit. I bought some other outfits to mix it up later. A day and a half is a long domination session."
Alice said, "Thank you for coming on such short notice. I needed more ideas on how to dominate Howard and thought of you immediately. It was fortuitous you pulled me over on my way here."
Sally replied, "After our meeting, I hoped to dominate you again, especially after hearing how much further into BDSM Howard has moved you. You were a wimp with me back at the club. So, tell me more about the things Howard has done to you."
Alice summarized her many experiences with Howard the previous week.
After further discussion, Sally recommended, "I think that we could do to Howard some of the things he has done to you and add in some things I have done to other submissive men in the past."
Michelle reminded them that agreement was that she also got to be dominated and punished.
Sally responded to Michelle's concern, "Don't worry, Michelle, I've got a lot of experience being a Domme to women. Let's take Michelle into the dungeon and give her what she wants."
Michelle smiled, headed to the dungeon door, and said, "Follow me."
Alice shouted, "Halt! I am not going to allow you to top from the bottom. Stand still while I prepare you for your walk."
Michelle froze and responded, "Yes, Mistress Alice."
Alice made her way to the cabinet in the kitchen, where she knew Howard kept many bondage toys. She pulled out some tools she knew would be perfect. Using two cuffs, Alice bound Michelle's wrists together behind her back, and then using rope, she did the same to her elbows. She pulled the straps tight, which pulled Michelle's shoulders back, thrusting out her breasts. Alice then placed a posture collar on Michelle's neck. Alice's final touch was to attach a spring-loaded contact switch to a ring in the front of the posture collar. Then she clipped a rope to that, drew it between her breasts, and carefully placed it between Michelle's legs so that it went between Michelle's pussy lips. Alice tied the other end to the rope around Michelle's wrists and cinched it tight so it dug deep into Michelle's pussy.
Sally applauded Alice's handiwork. "I could not have done better. What about this one?" Pointing to Jessica.
Alice thought briefly and replied, "Let's do the same."
It did not take long for Jessica to be restrained similarly to Michelle.
Alice then added e-stim electrode pads to their breasts and each side of their pussies. She wired them to an e-stim control unit that hung from the front loop on the posture collar. She plugged leads from that to the top and bottom of the contact switch.
Alice Explained, "Slaves, Sally and I will use the rope between your breasts to drag you into the dungeon. You will put up enough resistance that the rope digs even deeper into your pussy. If you aren't resisting enough, the spring-loaded contact switch will close the circuit, and you will get an unpleasant shock."
Sally giggled and said, "That is so diabolical, Alice. For a woman I have only known as a sub, you are turning out to be a pretty harsh Domme. I am impressed."
Thank you, Sally. I can't keep it up for days at a time as you or Howard can. After a day or so, I need to return to being a sub. Howard can maintain being a Dom for weeks."
They began to lead the sisters down into the dungeon. Neither girl resisted. They yelped as they received a sharp shock. Sally and Alice laughed.
Immediately Michelle and Jessica leaned back to stop the e-stim shock.
Sally commented, "Mistress Alice told you to resist being led, and you did not. You brought this on yourselves."
Each girl braced herself and leaned back against Sally and Alice's pull on the rope. The ropes dug deeper between their pussy lips. When the girls would let up on their resistance to being led, they would receive a shock. Their yelps of pain were met by laughter by their Dommes.
The cycle of resistance, relaxation, and shock repeated many times on the way to the dungeon.
When they reached the bottom step, Alice noticed that Howard had fallen asleep. She turned off the girl's e-stim units and proclaimed, "This won't do. This isn't what I promised Howard I would do."
Alice grabbed the knob on Howard's e-stim unit and cranked it to the max.
Howard awoke with a yelp, followed by a series of painful moans and cries. Alice turned the stim unit down a quarter. Howard was still in pain, but he was no longer crying out. He was taking many quick breaths to handle the stimulation.
Alice walked over and put her right hand on Howard's left cheek. "See, I keep my promises to make sure you suffer."
There were tears in Howard's eyes as he whispered, "Thank you."
Alice said, "I can't hear you, Slave." And turned the e-stim up.
Howard repeated a little louder, "Thank you."
Alice responded, "Whom are you talking to?" And again, turned the stim up slightly."
Howard yelled, "Thank You, Mistress Alice!"
She replied, "Much better." And turned the e-stim back down."
Alice then bound Michelle to an X-cross next to where Howard was bound. She had Jessica stand between them. She hooked Jessica's wrists to a loop on the wall.
She attached the leads to Jessica's, Michelle's, and Howard's e-stim units to a box next to Jessica. She then attached one of the trigger buttons to that box
Alice addressed Jessica, "While Sally and I devise a plan for this evening and the following day, you are to press the button to shock Michelle and Howard every minute. If you press the button more than five seconds early or late, you will get the shock instead now. Starting now."
Alice watched Jessica as she started to count, "I should add that Howard and Michelle are allowed to try to distract you."
Howard and Michelle immediately started asking Jessica questions, and she lost count. She pressed the button too soon and got a shock. Sally and Alice laughed.
They watched for a few minutes. Jessica got some of the counts right and some wrong. They left the dungeon laughing hard.
When they got to the kitchen table, Alice turned on the dungeon monitor so they could watch the struggle. At first, Howard and Michelle were very effective in distracting Jessica, so she'd lose count and get the shock. However, Jessica's dominant nature soon took over, and Howard and Michelle started receiving most of the shocks.
The scene entertained Sally and Alice, but it did not distract them from planning the activities for that evening and tomorrow while they sipped on wine in the kitchen.
Alice reached out and grabbed Sally's hand. "Thank you, Sally, for coming. I appreciate your willingness to help me dominate Howard. I know how to dominate women as I've been a sub many times to you, but I have no experience dominating men, as you do."
"Alice, it is my pleasure. I have a little secret. I learned how to dominate women so well because I was submissive to women in my early days of experiencing BDSM. Having been a sub, I can be an effective Domme to a woman. It was only later that I realized I preferred being a dominatrix. As you know, I have Dommed many women at the club. I prefer women, but I, fortunately, found a mentor who taught me the ropes of female domination of both females and males. I've grown to enjoy dominating men."
"Do you ever play the role of a submissive these days?"
"I have not in years," Sally replied. "I did enjoy it and might again, but I much prefer being a dominatrix to women and occasionally men."
Alice commented, "I will owe you a big favor for this. So, tell me, what are some of the tools for female domination of men?"
Sally laughed and explained, "For men, it is all about their cock. If you control their cock you control them. If you can get them submissively sexually frustrated, then it is even better. A good submissive guy will return for more if he is wired right. I like having sex with a guy, and frustrating their sexual urges makes the eventual sex even more enjoyable."
Alice asked, "What are some of the things you do to frustrate a guy?"
Sally replied, "I don't humiliate others. I get no pleasure out of putting people down. Some Dommes make putting the submissive down the main vehicle of their dominations, but I plan to have sex with anyone I dominate. The sex is better for both if you can avoid derogatory comments. As you know, I can be a hard Domme, but mostly I am more of a soft Domme. My favorite thing to do is tease and deny, but there are many other options. There is the ruined orgasm, the cum blocked orgasm." Sally started to count them off on her fingers.
Wait," said Alice, "I want to write this down," She fetched a pen and paper and then said, "I want to have this list to share with Jessica. Please resume."
Sally smiled, "That's a good idea. Maybe she can practice on Howard under my direction."
Alice replied, "Exactly what I was thinking. Brilliant minds think alike."
They both laughed
Sally asked. "You've got those first three on your list?"
Alice nodded yes.
Sally continued ticking them off on her fingers, 'There is the chastity cock cage orgasm, the post orgasm torture, putting rubber bands on their dick and snapping them. Their cries are marvelous when you do that. I also find that it is fun to peg a guy who is wearing a cock cage. Face sitting is great once you train their tongue. And then there is having them ejaculate into a cup and making them drink their cum. I don't get why that is considered a punishment for some, as I think cum has a pleasant salty taste. I've also done bent cock milking."
"What is that?" Alice asked.
Sally explained. "That is where I tie a thin cord at the base of their cock. Then I place a thin stick on top of that. Then I bend the cock over the stick and secure the tip of the cock with the cord so that the cock forms a U shape. Then I use a vibrator to get them to cum. It's not enjoyable for them. Next, you can use something spicy while you stroke them, like grounded up ginger root or a spicy jalapeño sauce. I've even used toothpaste. Peeled ginger root in their ass gets a reaction."
Alice chimed in, "Howard did that to me. The peeled ginger root started out pleasant but quickly became unbearable until he cleaned me out with milk. We should do that to his ass and Michelle's cunt."
Both women laughed.
Sally continued, "One torture I learned by accident is to give a man so many orgasms that it starts to hurt. Men can only orgasm a few times a day, while we can cum many, many more times. Anyway, that's a short list of domination techniques."
Alice said, "Thank you, this list will help Jessica prepare for her first real Domme experience Monday. I promised Michelle she'd experience what Howard experiences, but some won't work on a woman."
Sally replied, "I have many techniques to use on women. Some say that the clit is equivalent to a cock, but it doesn't have the size to do many things to it. Fortunately, there are many options for the female body, and some of the ideas, like peeled ginger, work well regardless of sex. But I'll explain alternatives as we go for those ideas that don't."
When Sally and Alice reached the dungeon, they removed the e-stim electrodes from all three. Howard and Michelle remained tied up, but Jessica was released.
Alice explained, "Jessica, Sally is going to teach you some male sexual frustration and Cock and Ball Torture techniques for dominating men and a few other tricks. However, you need to wear some clothes while practicing on Howard. I'll keep Michelle entertained with similar play. I have a list and will read one, and then you'll get to practice on Howard. Okay?"
"Yes. Mistress." Jessica replied.
Sally explained how they wanted Jessica to dress, and Jessie confirmed she had the necessary items.
Alice said, "Quickly get dressed. Be back in fifteen minutes."
"Yes. Mistress." Jessica replied and rushed out of the room.
Alice addressed Howard and Michelle, "We are going to move both of you to the medical exam room and bind you in those nasty exam chairs. It is going to be so much fun... for us. But first, we need to clean you up."
Sally put a padded handcuff on Howard's right wrist and then released the straps holding his right arm tight. She brought the right wrist over to his left, fastened the other cuff to his left wrist, and then released that arm from the table. She attached a chain from a hoist in the ceiling to the handcuffs. She quickly cuffed his ankles together. Alice removed the remainder of the table straps. Sally engaged the hoist, and Howard was pulled upward by his handcuffs. Alice pushed the table out of the way, and Howard soon stood on his toes.
Then Sally and Alice performed the same actions on Michelle.
Sally said, "Alice, I am going to grab that hose and spray down our slave's bodies. I want you to soap them down, and then I will rinse them."
Sally grabbed a hose and started spraying Howard's body. Once Howard was completely wet, she began spraying Michelle's body. Alice soaped down Howard's body and then moved to Michelle's. After Sally rinsed them off, they both dried them with a towel.
Michelle entered the room wearing a black corset with a built-in shelf bra. Straps came down from the bottom of the corset, holding up thigh-high black sheer stockings. Her four-inch black heels click on the floor.
Sally took one look and exclaimed, "Change of plans. We'll get some paddling, flogging, and whipping practice before we move on. "
Howard started to say something, but Alice clamped a hand over his mouth and said, "You are only to talk if you are asked a question. Understand?"
Howard replied, "Yes, Mistress."
Sally said, "I enjoy seeing an aroused guy hanging like this with their cock rigidly sticking out. I can't help doing this when I see this."
Sally drew back her hand and then slapped Howard's cock. As it bounced in response, she giggled. "I love watching a cock bounce around when I slap it. You two should try it."
Alice slapped Howard's cock. There was sinister laughter from the three women.
Jessica proclaimed, "My turn!" and slapped Howard's cock. As his cock bounced and jiggled in response, Jessica announced. "I think this might become one of my favorite things."
Howard's only response was an ugh each time his cock was slapped. Sally observed that despite his sound of pain, his cock got harder.
Michelle complained, "Hey, what about me? My tits jiggle when slapped. You promised I'd get equal treatment."
Alice laughed, "Okay, okay. We won't ignore your jugs, but they don't bounce as well as Howard's cock."
They each traded off slapping his cock and Michelle's tits. After a few times each, Sally said, "That's enough of this fun detour. Let's start my lesson."
Sally went over to the wall, got two paddles, and handed one to Alice. "Jessica, I like this paddle because it gives the area paddled a uniform redness. With guys standing on tiptoes while hanging from their arms, I like to alternate grabbing their cock or their balls and pulling them forward so they are almost off the ground before each smack. I try to have an uneven pace, so they don't know when the pain will hit. After each paddle, I release my hold on his cock or balls and switch which one I will pull forward next. Whenever I pull him off balance, I do some fake swings before one connects. It really messes with their head. However, you need to be careful never to hit the small of their back. There are too many ways to be injured there."
Michelle said, "Mistress, what about me?"
Sally laughed and replied, "Women don't have a cock or balls to pull on, so you just put two fingers in their pussy and pull them forward. Now, Jessica, to make the submission stronger, make them count each hit and thank you for it."
Jessica laughed, "That is diabolical!"
Sally and Alice joined in her laughter.
Sally explained, "Paddling is more of a mind thing than a pain thing. Are you ready to start?"
Alice and Jessica said they were.
Sally instructed, "I want Jessica to paddle Howard first. Once he has thanked Jessica, Alice will pull Michelle forward and swat her after a different length of time. Then after Michelle thanks Alice, we'll repeat the pattern, with Jessica pulling Howard forward using his cock or balls and then waiting a different length of time each time we swat him. Doing some fake swats, with him just hearing the paddle going through the air without hitting him, will mess with his mind. Let's start."
Jessica grabbed Howard's cock with her left hand and pulled him forward so his toes left the ground. Two seconds later, Jessica hit his right butt cheek. She let go of his cock, and he could support his weight on his toes.
Howard grunted and said, "One. Thank you, ma'am".
Sally instructed, "Jessica, you need to hit harder. That didn't leave any mark."
Meanwhile, Alice had placed two fingers of her left hand into Michelle's pussy and pulled her forward. There wasn't as much leverage as Jessica had pulling on Howard's cock, so Michelle's toes were still touching the ground when the paddle hit her.
Michelle took a sharp intake of breath, moaned, smiled, and said, "One. Thank you, Mistress!"
Sally Instructed, "Let's do nineteen more, switching off which cheek you hit each time."
Jessica and Alice varied the time between the pulling forward and the swat. They got a good laugh when Jessica would fake a swat, and Howard would flinch when he heard the sound of the paddle cutting through the air.
As the paddling continued, Howard's grunts became louder and became sighs of pain. Michelle's moans became deeper as she slipped into subspace.
When Jessica had paddled Howard ten times, Sally said, "Jessica, you're doing great in the strength of your padding as his butt is getting a nice rosy color, but you need to randomly vary whether you pull on his cock or his balls. You're switching each time. Try not being so predictable, so Howard won't be sure if his cock or his balls will be pulled."
Jessica took it even further and started trying to fake out Howard on what she'd pull. She would lightly grab his cock, then switch to his balls, let go, and then grab his balls and pull hard. Howard's evident uncertainty of what would happen enhanced Jessica's feeling of domination.
After the twenty swats, Michelle's and Howard's butts were red.
Sally, Alice, and Jessica took their time rubbing their fingers across Howard's and Michelle's sore behinds and commenting on how well the paddling had left its mark. The women laughed as they pushed their fingers into the redness and saw how the color changed.
Sally then directed, "Time to move on and learn about floggers. As you can see on the wall, many different floggers exist. I think there are four of every type of flogger that I am familiar with hanging here."
Sally picked two floggers of the same type and handed them to Alice and Jessica.
"We'll start with this suede flogger. As you can see, they are soft and flexible. They deliver a thud that includes a little sting. What I want you to do is flog their chests once. Be very careful to avoid the face as you can seriously damage their eyes. Now go ahead and do a practice flog."
Alice went first and brought the flogger against Michelle's breasts. Michelle drew in a deep breath and shuttered.
Jessica then swung hers against Howard's chest. Howard squawked out an "Ouch."
Sally commented, "Outstanding. Those were perfect. Flog them nine more times, and we'll move on to the next type of flogger."
Alice and Jessica quickly did their nine other swings. Howard squawked. Michelle moaned in subspace pleasure.
Sally picked up the next floggers. "I should have started with these rabbit skin floggers. The fur on them makes it impossible to make much of a noise or have them sting your submissive. They are people who want a sensation of flogging for play but do not actually what to experience real flogging. This time, Jessica hit Howard's cock, and Alice hit Michelle's pussy."
Jessica hit Howard's cock with the rabbit due flogger, and Howard said, "That was like nothing."
Jessica slapped his face with her hand. "No one asked you a question. You are only to speak when asked questions or given directions."
Alice laughed. "Jessica, I like how you are embracing your dominatrix role."
Sally agreed.
Alice then brought the rabbit fur flogger down on Michelle's pussy. Michelle just shook her head.
Sally said, "Let's move on to these deerskin floggers. They impart a light thud and a little sting. They are good for when your partner doesn't want much pain, or you're cooling down from a more intense session. Go ahead and try them anywhere on their fronts."
Jessica flogged Howard's thighs a few times, and she was rewarded with a shutter from him each time. Alice followed suit, and Michelle's reaction was to moan.
Sally grabbed the next floggers and instructed, "These are elk skin floggers. They are still soft but can deliver a stronger sting than deer skin. It's still a light sting. These are great for warming up for more intense play. Use them on their chests."
Jessica took the flogger and hit it across Howard's chest three times. She was rewarded with louder whimpering from Howard. Alice brought her flogger down on Michelle's breasts. It resulted in deeper moans. Michelle was enjoying the increase in pain.
Alice said, "Michelle, I am a little worried about how much you enjoy pain. If you aren't careful, you could let someone permanently damage you."
"Mom, I am very aware of that. I know you, Howard, Jessica, and Adam would never injure me beyond what I could recover. The pain helps me get into subspace, and that is bliss."
"Honey, just be careful with your Dom partners.
"I will. I just hope that Adam makes me his."
Sally, Jessica, and Howard had listened to this exchange. Jessica asked Howard, "Howard, can we trust Adam?"
Howard replied, "Adam has worked part-time for me for years. He has dominated many women here, including some serious pain-seeking submissives. He is a caring Dom. I trust him. He also is 100 percent submissive to you, Alice. He would never do something you disliked."
Alice replied, "That is reassuring,"
Sally thought, "This Adam sounds interesting," then she declared to the group, "I think that is enough about floggers. Just know that oiled leather floggers can deliver a severe sting, so be careful. I decided that we need to dress differently for their whipping. After that, we can break for dinner."
Alice looked at Howard and Michelle, "You two just hang out here. We'll be back soon."
Jessica laughed, "I think they will have no problem hanging out for our return."
The three women linked arms and headed upstairs, leaving Howard and Michelle hanging from their handcuffs, balancing on their toes.
Once the women were gone, Howard said, "How are you doing, Michelle?"
"I am in heaven. I have been dropping into subspace almost immediately when the pain starts."
Howard replied, "I've never experienced subspace."
"It's easy for some to get into subspace, like me, and hard for others, like Jessica. It took a lot of pain to get her there."
"Well, I want to try it, but I'm not sure I'm excited about the pain it will take to get there."
"Subspace is awesome, but it can make you accept more than you should. Basically, Mom is right; I need to be careful whom I submit to."
"I can guarantee that Adam will be perfect for you. You two were made for each other."
"Howard, if I become Adam's, do you think he will let me serve you also? I know you're only a sub until tomorrow night. But then you'll go back to being an incredible Master."
"Well, thank Michelle. Fortunately, you know that I need these short periods of switching to keep my domination interest up."
He paused and continued, "I have fallen hard for your Mom." Howard laughed, "Except, I am hanging from these handcuffs right now, so no falling for me right now."
Michelle joined in the laughter, "I hope you know how much Mom has fallen in love with you."
"I'm very grateful that Alice and I connected. After my wife died, I fell apart. In my grief, I pushed my Adult daughter away. Then I got into kink and built this house. My daughter thinks I still live in the house next door, where she grew up. Being rich allowed me to escape my feelings instead of dealing with them. Being around my daughter reminded me of my loss, so I avoided her. I regret what happened."
"Do you want to reconnect with her?"
"We talk occasionally, but there is a distance between us."
"Howard, that is sad. When I lost my Dad, I grew closer to Jessica and Mom as we needed each other to survive." Then Michelle laughed, "This has got to be the weirdest thing I will ever experience. We are both hanging naked, suspended from handcuffs, trying to balance on our toes. Our butt and chests are red from paddling and flogging, we know we are about to be whipped, we're sharing our deepest feelings, and despite all that, your cock is rock hard. If I were free right now, I would first suck your dick and ride you cowgirl until we both came."
"I guess I will just have to take a rain check on that, Michelle."
"Will you fuck me as soon as you recover from this game?"
"I promise I will, Michelle. Once I recover, which might take a day or so."
They hung silently for a while, grateful that the room was warm for their naked bodies.
The door to the dungeon opened, and the three women came out, identically dressed. They had matching four-inch black high heels with sheer black stockings that disappeared under the mid-thigh hem of their black dresses. Howard noticed that dresses puffed up a little in front, which he thought was strange. He appreciated how well the dresses showed off their cleavage between the two straps that went over their shoulders. They each wore stretchy black opera gloves that covered almost their entire arms. They each held a bullwhip in their hands. Their makeup and hair had been perfectly redone.
Howard said, "Wow, you three are dressed to the nines. I can't imagine a more beautiful sight."
Alice replied, "You forgot that you are not to talk unless you are asked a question. However, you won't be punished this time for that, as what you said was so sweet. Unfortunately for you, we are still going to whip you because we want to."
Jessica exclaimed, "Look, his cock is still sticking out." She then slapped his cock and laughed as it bounced around.
Alice said, "I have an idea," and put down her bullwhip and grabbed a buggy whip from the wall. She then lightly whipped Howard's penis from the side. He howled in pain. Alice giggled and did it again.
Howard responded with, "Oh shit, that hurts!"
Alice did it again, and after Howard yelped, she commented, "Oh, look at those three strips on his penis. Let's make some matching strips on his body." She picked up the bullwhip.
Alice, Jessica, and Sally began taking turns. First, Alice whipped Howard with a sidewise stroke around his chest. The end of the whip went entirely around his body with a cracking sound. He yelped. Then Sally whipped Michelle around her chest in the same manner. The end of the whip cracked as it went completely around her body.
Next, Jessica aimed at Howard's butt. He jerked and yelled as the whip went around his body and hit his penis.
Alice said, "He is making too much noise." She got a ball gag, forced it into his mouth, and tighter the straps
Sally said, "Your turn, Michelle."
Alice brought the whip back and then wrapped it around Michelle's butt and pussy. Michelle moaned in her masochist pleasure.
Sally borough her bullwhip firmly across Howard's lower back and enjoyed the sound of his grunt as the whip's end hit his stomach.
Jessica then matched the stroke on Michelle. It was clear Michelle was already in subspace.
They continued in the rotation; Alice on Howard, Sally on Michelle, Jessica on Howard, Alice on Michelle, Sally on Howard, and finally, Jessica on Michelle. The whipping got harder and faster as they enjoyed the proliferation of strips on Howard's and Michelle's bodies caused by their whips. They were careful not to break the skin.
After 15 minutes of the whipping, Howard's cock had gone soft. The three women noticed this.
The women stood before him and grabbed the hem of their dresses. Together they pulled their dresses off over their heads, revealing that they only had an underbust corset under their clothing. The corsets had built-in shelf bras which displayed their breasts magnificently. Their stockings were held up by straps hanging from the waist of the corsets. The biggest surprise was that each woman sported a strap-on feeldoe, which explained the bulges that had been at the front of their skirts. Howard's cock grew as he took in the beautiful sight.
Alice slipped her hand under her harness and into her vagina, gathered her juices in her hand, and then used that lubricant to stroke Howard's cock.
Sally lubed her hand and fed her fingertips to Michelle's eager mouth. Michelle slipped deeper into subspace.
When Alice was satisfied that Howard was hard again, she said, "Let's resume the rotation."
They keep the same rotation, raining down the whips on Howard and Michelle. Soon their bodies were a mass of strips. Howard was reduced to simpering and crying. Michelle soaked in the pain and transformed it into bliss.
After a while, the Women's arms got tired and they stopped their whipping. Alice removed Howard's gag, picked up a water bottle, and poured some into his mouth.
Alice said, "I am so happy about how well you did being whipped. I thought you'd say your safe word and spoil the fun."
Howard replied, "I couldn't do that. It sucked, but I need to be your sub to recharge. Plus, I think you like doing this, and I want to make you happy."
Sally then Instructed the women to rub salve all over Howard's and Michelle's bodies to start the healing from the whipping and to help them drink some water. They lowered them down so their feet were flat on the ground.
However, they remained hanging from the handcuffs.
Sally instructed, "Always try to keep your sub in some form of restraint. Even if it is symbolic, it enhances their feeling of submission and your feeling of dominance. We'll cuff their ankles before we release them from the ceiling chain."
Benches that looked like saw horses were placed in front of them. They were instructed to lay across the length of them so that their butts and heads were on the same level. Howard's bench allowed his butt to extend beyond the end of the bench so that his cock was easily accessible. Their legs were spread far apart, and their ankles were cuffed to one side of the legs of the bench. Their handcuffs were released from the ceiling chain, and each wrist was chained to the legs on the other side of the bench.
Alice took a tube of lube and squeezed a large amount into Howard's ass. She rubbed a generous potion on her feeldoe strap-on. After lining up the tip, she slowly pushed the feeldoe against Howard's sphincter.
Jessica stood before Howard and aligned her feeldoe with Howard's mouth. She grabbed both sides of his head and said, "Suck my dick in." Howard eagerly wrapped his mouth around Jessica's feeldoe and began to move his head back and forth. Holding his head up was awkward for Howard, but Jessica didn't care. She was 100 percent focused on her own pleasure.
Sally felt Michelle's pussy and explained to Michelle. "You are so wet. Let's try to orgasm together."
Sally plunged her feeldoe into Michelle's vagina and began to pump slowly.
Meanwhile, Howard was slowly letting the feeldoe into his ass hole.
Alice said, "I love using your male vagina." Howard just grunted in reply. Alice reached around his hips and began to stroke his cock.
Michelle was now trying to match Sally's pumping, despite being restrained. Their moans matched the rhythms of them pumping together. The feeldoe rubbed each woman's love channel perfectly. Their pace began to quickly.
Jessica was enjoying the stimulation of the feeldoe inside her vagina. She said, "Howard, you give good head. Are you sure you're not gay?" And giggled. Her moans now matched Sally and Michelle."
Howard let out a muffled ouch as Alice's feeldoe finally bottomed out in his ass. There was an audible sigh of relief despite his mouth being filled with Jessica's strap-on. Alice began to pump in and out of his ass with her strap-on and stroked his cock with the same intensity as her back door moves. Soon Alice's and Howard's moans matched those of Jessica, Sally, and Michelle.
Soon the room was filled with the sexual energy of all five of them as the stimulation drove them all to climax.
No one was ever sure who climaxed first. The women's bodies shook as they were overwhelmed with the intensity of waves of pleasure generated from the feeldoe rubbing against their G-spots and clits. Howard's hips bucked as he shot his seed onto the dungeon floor.
No one moved for minutes. Eventually, Alice, Sally, and Jessica pulled their strap-ons out of Howard's butt and mouth and Michelle's pussy. They removed their strap-ons and slipped their dresses back on.
Jessica said, "That was great. I hadn't used a strap-on feeldoe before."
Sally answered. "I always use a strap-on feeldoe instead of a simple strap-on dildo because the feeldoe causes a more intense stimulation of my clit and G-spot. My orgasms are bigger using a feeldoe."
Sally continued, "I've pegged many guys after I put their cock into a chastity cage. With the chastity cage on, many guys don't get enough stimulation to orgasm. However, some guys can orgasm from the stimulation on their prostate from something up their butt."
Alice said, "Let's move on to the next activity."
They then unhooked Howard's and Michelle's feet. They put hobble chains between their ankles, limiting their steps to no more than one foot. Their hands were released and were cuffed in front of them. Collars were added, and leashes were connected to the collar. Otherwise, they were naked.
Alice handed Howard's leash to Jessica. Then Alice grabbed Howard's dick and started massaging it. "I need to get you hard, so I use your cock as a second leash."
It did not take long for Howard's cock to grow enough to be used by Alice as a leash.
Jessica and Alice led Howard, and Sally led Michell to the elevator.
When they reached the kitchen, they had Howard and Michelle bend over the counter. Alice pulled some mid-sized butt plugs out of the toy drawer, and after applying some lube, they were inserted into both Howard's and Michelle's butts.
The subs were led to the living room. Alice, Sally, and Jessica sat down on the couches. Alice instructed, "You have one hour to make us three a delicious dinner. You are to make enough food for five but serve it all using only three plates. But first, you will bring us wine."
It was impossible to move quickly with the hobble chains on their ankles, but they still returned within three minutes with wine glasses and a bottle of red and a bottle of white. Once the three women were served, the wine bottles were left on the coffee table.
Howard asked, "Mistresses, would you prefer filet mignon, chicken, or salmon for dinner?"
Alice responded, "I have worked up a big appetite; filet mignon sounds perfect. Add cut-up roasted potatoes, green beans, and a salad. You can surprise us with the desert."
Howard and Michelle replied, "Yes, Mistress." And rushed back to the kitchen as fast as their hobbled chains would let them.
Michelle got some chips and guacamole in the Kitchen and brought them to the three women. Howard, busy himself making the meal.
Michelle returned from the living room and told him the women were planning the rest of the night and laughing a lot.
An hour later, Howard announced to the three women that dinner was served.
Alice sat at the head of the table with Sally on her right side and Jessica on the other. Howard and Michelle brought the first course of salad to the table. Howard was ordered to stand between Jessica and Alice. Michelle stood between Alice and Sally. As Alice and Jessica ate their salad, they started a game of who could make Howard's penis bounce the most. Howard was quickly whimpering. After one very hard smack, Howard fell to his knees. Alice told him to stay there and to put his hands on his lap. She and Jessica began to feed him some of her salad. Alice then used her left foot to push his handcuffed hand aside, placed it on his stiff penis, and pushed it down. Howard moaned.
Meanwhile, Sally had been twisting Michelle's nipples, and when Howard went to his knees, Sally dragged Michelle down to her knees by pulling hard on a nipple. Sally then began to feed Michelle with an occasional bite from her salad,
When the salad course was completed, Alice ordered Howard and Michelle to bring in the next course. They returned with plates that contained filet mignon with a blue cheese sauce, roasted garlic potatoes, and almond string beans. They put a basket of toasted sourdough on the table with a garlic cheese spread. Howard and Michelle then topped off the wine and water glasses.
Alice ordered them to resume their positions, kneeling next to them. Alice was unhappy with how slowly Howard got into place, so she slammed her left foot into his crotch. Howard yelped. The other women laughed.
Each of the women cut up their meals into bite-size chunks. They would take a piece for themselves and then feed the Slave next to them. Occasionally, they brought their wine glasses over to their slave's lips and let them have a sip.
Alice kept rubbing her left foot on Howard's cock throughout the meal. Randomly, she would lift her foot and slam it down. Howard would bend over from the pain. The women got many laughs from that. Each time it took longer for Howard to get back into position.
Sally kept pulling on Michelle's right nipple, but it never equaled what Alice did to Howard. Jessica occasionally pulled on Howard's left nipple, but it was just icing on the cake compared to Alice's foot.
When not tormenting their slaves, the women kept up a spirited discussion.
As she finished the main dish, Alice noticed that Howard had gone soft. She got up and got some Viagra. "Howard, swallow this. Your soft dick will simply not be acceptable. Stand up. Michelle, come over here and get Howard's cock hard again. But don't let him come."
Michelle got on her knees and swallowed Howard's soft cock. It did not take long before he responded.
Alice commented, "I love the look of the stripes from the bullwhips all over the bodies of these slaves that are working so hard to please us."
Sally replied, "We did a great job whipping them without breaking the skin. It looks great, but it will clear in a day, and then we can do this again."
Jessica commented, "Unfortunately, this game will be over tomorrow night so we won't get the chance."
Alice said, "Don't worry, Jessica. On Monday, the sub you will help me train will be here, and we'll practice whipping on him."
Sally interrupted, "I think it is time to see what they made for dessert."
Alice replied, "Agreed. I have been smelling something delightfully chocolate."
Howard and Michelle returned to the table with a plate of brownies.
Alice said, "Those are my favorite."
Howard replied, "I know. It's just a way to tell you I love you."
"I love you too. You still do something nice for me even after painfully whipping you."
Alice looked at the other women and continued, "I have a wicked idea. Follow my example. "
She looked at Howard and said, "Do you want a brownie?"
Howard paused and cautiously said, "Yes?"
Alice laughed, knowing what had got through his head, "Don't worry, I am talking about the brownies you made."
There was visible relief on his and Michelle's face. The women all laughed. Alice took one brownie and cut it up into little pieces. She then pushed her chair back and pulled up her dress, exposing her smooth pussy. She inserted one of the brownie pieces into her vagina, right below her clit.
"Howard, go at it. Enjoy licking up your dessert."
Howard bent down and stuck his tongue into Alice's pussy to get at the brownie piece. Sally and Jessica pushed their chairs back, pulled up their dresses, and inserted a piece of brownie into their vaginas. Michelle immediately began to lick the brownie out of Sally's vagina.
When Howard finished eating Alice's brownie, he was told to lick the one out of Jessica's Vagina. Alice inserted another piece of brownie, and when Michelle had finished eating Sally's brownie piece, she moved on to Alice. Sally put another brownie piece in her pussy and rubbed her clit as she awaited Howard to finish with Jessica.
The licking and sucking out of the brownie pieces by Howard and Michelle as they rotated among the women aroused them. Their breaths grew heavier as Howard and Michelle consumed the brownie pieces. The feeling of Howard and Michelle licking and sucking their vaginas to get at the brownie pieces was a unique version of fellatio. Each woman could feel their arousal rising.
Before the brownies were gone entirely, First Sally's body began to shake as Michelle finished extracting a piece of brownie from her pussy. Alice was next as Howard finished another brownie piece. When Alice came down from her orgasms, Howard moved to Jessica, and soon her body shook as a massive wave of orgasmic pleasure engulfed her.
As they calmed down, they pushed their slaves' heads back. The women pulled their dresses back down, pulled their chairs back to the table, and proceeded to finish the brownies themselves.
Alice stroked Howard's hair, "That was an excellent meal. And the dessert and its delivery were marvelous. Well done. Let's head up to the exam room to continue this game after you clean up the kitchen. We'll be in the Living Room while you clean up dinner."
The three women picked up their wine glasses and headed to the living room.
Alice asked, "If you two don't mind, I'd like to have a few minutes alone with Howard. You two could take Michelle up and strap her into the exam chair while Howard and I talk."
Howard and Michelle had been cleaning up as they prepared, so it took little time to finish the Kitchen cleanup. Alice instructed Howard to sit beside her when they got to the living room. Sally and Jessica departed with the naked Michelle in tow.
Howard waited for Alice to make the first move. Alice slid over to close the short distance between them on the couch. She pulled up her dress and placed his hand on her pussy. "Massage me nicely."
Using his whole hand, he massaged her vagina.
"Howard, don't talk. I am enjoying this more than I thought I would. I am going to push you even harder tonight and tomorrow. I love you so much. This afternoon and evening taught me much about you and me. Thank you for this opportunity to be your Mistress."
She leaned in and gave a deep French kiss which he eagerly returned.
She got up, grabbed his cock, and used it as a leash.
When Howard and Alice arrived in the exam room, Michelle was already strapped into the exam chair. Her legs were secured to stirrups so that her pussy and butt were readily available. The rest of her body had multiple straps around it. She was not getting out.
Howard was soon similarly strapped into an exam chair.
Alice said, "Sally, please instruct Jessica in each of the techniques we discussed earlier. I will attempt to duplicate them on Michelle."
Sally replied, "This is going to be so much fun for us. I love driving a man into sexual frustration. Jessica, we will start with the basics of teasing and denying a male. You can use your hands or your mouth to get him close to coming. Each time you feel him getting close, you can either stop stimulating him, or you can pull down hard on his balls. That will usually stop his orgasm from happening. It's better to stop too soon than too late. Go ahead and start."
Jessica wrapped her lips around Howard's cock and worked until she sensed he was gathering steam. Alice, meanwhile, was working her tongue all over Michelle's pussy.
After a brief break, Jessica lubed up Howard's cock and started using her hands. Alice continued her ministration on Michelle's pussy
Sally said, "Jessica, I'm going to give you some pleasure, but don't lose your focus on denying him pleasure." She began to rub Jessica's clit, which was greatly appreciated.
Jessica and Sally laughed when Howard yelped when his balls were pulled down hard.
During the short breaks, the three women took turns bringing each to the climax that was denied Howard and Michelle.
After a few cycles of Howard and Michelle almost coming, they were both whimpering and pleading to be allowed to come. They promised to do anything.
Sally continued her instructions. "Notice how much they are pleading. I think Howard will regret that later. Let's move on to the ruined orgasm. Instead of explaining, I will demonstrate."
Sally began to stroke Howard's cock. It did not take long before he was about to come. As soon as the first spurt happened, Sally just let go of his cock, and without the continued stroking, it was clear the orgasm wasn't very satisfying for him. She laughed, watching his frustration.
Sally continued, "it does not have the same power in women, but it still works."
Alice quickly rubbed Michelle's clit, and as Michelle's orgasm started, she let go.
Sally observed, "Michelle did not get as frustrated as Howard because we women, unfortunately, are used to guys stopping before we reach our maximum climax. There is another technique, but we won't do it as it doesn't sexually frustrate the guy as much. Some Dominatrixes like to do a cum block orgasm. That's when you use your finger to block the cum from coming out of their cock, and you continue to stroke with the other hand. It's more funny than effective, as it allows the man to still cum. If you stop stroking, it's more like a ruined orgasm.
One that I've done a few times is to put their cock into a chastity cage and then use a vibrator on their balls and rub their nipples until they have an orgasm. It's not a satisfying orgasm for them. Maybe we'll do that later.
Let me show you the next technique."
Sally asked, "Howard, would you like a good orgasm?"
"Yes, I would. Thank you, Mistress."
Alice said, "Is now when we want to add the sensors?"
"Yes," Sally replied.
Alice placed two electrodes on either side of Howard's cock and connected wires to a box.
Alice explained, "We are going to calibrate these sensors to tell us the state of Howard's cock from his experiencing a climax to when he is soft. Right now, we are just collecting data."
Sally asked, "Are you ready to start, Alice?"
Alice responded, "The sensors are ready to be calibrated."
Sally continued, "Jessica, watch what I do closely."
Sally dripped some lube on Howard's cock and then slowly stroked it. As the minutes passed, Sally gradually increased her pace. Howard's moans of pleasure grew with the stroking. Finally, Howard's cock exploded in a massive ejaculation of cum. His moans of relief and pleasure soared.
As his climax finished, Sally continued to stroke his penis firmly. It did not take long for what had been pleasant to become pure torture.
"Mistress Sally, please stop. It's really hurting." Howard pleaded as he tried to move his cock away from her hands, but he was too tightly restrained to be successful.
Howard started breathing heavily and let out a string of "ouch, shit, ouch, fuck, aaargh, "
Sally commented, "It's fun to watch the look of surprise on their face as the sensation changes from pleasant to unpleasant. The longer you continue, the worse it gets for them. I think you get the idea. Let's move on to the next lesson. This one is just a CBT - cock and ball torture - technique."
Sally placed some rubber bands on Howard's cock. "Jessica, you can do this with me."
Sally grabbed the side of one of the rubber bands, pulled it out, and let it go. It hit his dick with a loud snap and a yelp from Howard. The three women laughed. Jessica then grabbed another of the rubber bands and caused it to snap loudly against Howard's cock.
Alice came over and said, "I have got to get in on this." She snapped the rubber bands on his dick a few times." She loved the loud yelp and cursing from Howard.
When he was reduced to tears, Sally said, "Let's give him a rest and give Michelle some attention. There is no place on a woman's pussy to place a rubber band easily like on a man. So, place the rubber band between two fingers, place the fingers against her clit, pull back, and let go."
Michelle screamed as the rubber band hit her clit. Sally repeated it a couple of times. Jessica then took over, and Michelle soon joined Howard in crying.
Sally commented, "As you can see, this really gets them screaming. This is usually when they are most likely to use their safe word. We will stop before we push them too far."
Jessica asked, "Thank you for those instructions. What other things do you enjoy doing with sub guys?"
Sally laughed, "God, there are so many. I've enjoyed tightly restraining a nude guy and then face-sitting on him. You can get some effective pussy and ass licking when you control when they get to breathe.
Alice interrupted. "The penis sensors are calibrated."
Sally replied, "Great, let's set them up for their overnight routine."
Alice added a heart monitor and e-stim electrode pads to Howard's chest. "This is so we can get woken up if you have an issue. However, the e-stim pads have another purpose." She then laughed. She then attached a blood oxygen monitor to his finger.
Sally lowered the back of Howard's exam chair and his stirrups so that his body and upper legs were flat, but his legs were still wide apart. She asked, "Howard, will you be able to sleep in this position?"
Howard replied, "Yes, Mistress."
"Excellent! However, I don't think you will get much sleep. Alice and Jessica, can you help me with further securing Howard?"
Alice and Jessica brought over a box of gauze and the strips that casts are made from. They wrapped his legs from his toes to his mid-thigh in gauze and then with the casting cloth. Once the water was misted onto the cast material, it hardened into a solid cast. They repeated the process of his arms and palms. They then put some bubble wrap on his belly and wrapped the gauze and cast material over his stomach and under the table. Once the fabric was sprayed with water, it quickly hardened.
Soon Howard was in a complete body cast with only his hips, chest, and head not covered. He could still breathe easily as the bubble wrap on his belly under the cast allowed a good range of motion. He could still bring his head up.
Next, Sally and Alice fixed a short board above his chest and belly. Howard recognized that the board would allow someone to lay above him without their weight pressing down on his body.
The three women then released Michelle from the exam chair and had her lay on the board above Howard in a 69 position. They made sure that her mouth could fully envelop Howard's cock. They had to prop up Howard's head so that his mouth could reach her clit. They then strapped her into position.
They attached more sensors to both their bodies. Finally, they wrapped Michelle's legs, arms, and belly with the cast material and overlapped it onto Howard so that she and Howard were now one object.
Sally turned on the box and asked, "Can you feel this, Howard?" The e-stims quickly ramped up, and Howard replied, "Yes."
Alice put her face beside Howard, "Honey, we're getting tired and have decided to go to bed, but we know you and Michelle aren't ready to call it a day. You are both going to love this. In 30 minutes, the sensors will check if you are limp. If you are, then the e-stims will start on you and Michelle. They will continue until the following conditions are met; One, your cock is hard, and Two, either you or Michelle orgasm. If Michell orgasms and your cock isn't hard, the e-stim will continue. Once the conditions are met, you'll have a 30-minute break. Enjoy the rest of your night."
Alice giggled, kissed Howard's forehead, and the three ladies walked out and turned down the room's light.
After a few minutes, Howard said, "Well, Michelle, at least we'll get 30 minutes of rest after each wake-up session. I do like this view of your pussy." He brought his lips up to her clit and kissed it.
Michelle responded, "I will enjoy taking your cock into my mouth multiple times tonight. There is only one thing I am worried about."
Howard asked, "What's that?"
"I hope you're not one of those who fart a lot in their sleep."
They both laughed.
Howard responded, "I don't think I am, are you?"
"Oh yes, and it has a nasty smell." Michelle then laughed even harder. "Just kidding. As long as you suck my clit well, I am sure you'll only have pleasant smells from me."
Alice, Sally, and Jessica were lying on a bed in another room, watching a monitor of Howard's and Michelle's discussion. They all broke out laughing.
Alice said, "I've set the alarm for when the e-stim starts. In the meantime, Let's get naked and have our own fun."
They quickly stripped out all their clothes and became a wiggling mass of arms and legs rubbing each other. Kisses were exchanged all over their bodies.
When the alarm went off, they returned most of their attention to the screen. They did continue to rub each other's clits and nipples as they watched Howard and Michelle respond to their rising stimulation.
Howard was sucking and licking Michelle's pussy, while letting out moans of pain from the increasing electronic shock. Michelle had Howard's cock in her mouth and was moving her head up and down on it rapidly.
Eventually, the light in the box that said Howard's cock was hard turned green. Soon after, they both climaxed, and the e-stim stopped. Immediately, Howard and Michelle closed their eyes and tried to rest.
Sally laughed, "That's going to get more difficult for Howard's cock to get hard each time. Guys only have so many shots a day, and with each repeat performance, it gets harder to get their cock stiff. After a guy cums enough times, it just gets painful. By the way, we're taping this so we can watch it in the morning."
Alice suggested, "Let's form a daisy chain and give each other one more orgasm and then go to sleep. It's been a great day, and I am exhausted."
Jessica replied. "It's almost midnight. One more orgasm should result in a very nice sleep."
It did not take long for the three women's oral stimulation to deliver orgasms to each other successfully. They formed a human sandwich and fell asleep in each other's arms.
Alice and Sally awoke after 9 am to the smell of fresh coffee brought in by Jessica.
Jessica said, "Thank you for letting me transition from a sub to a Dom yesterday. I learned so much about sexually dominating men yesterday. I'm getting more excited about dominating a male sub on Monday."
Alice responded, "Thank you, my sweet girl. This coffee has ensured that you'll remain a dominatrix today."
Sally turned on the monitor and started fast-forwarding through the night's recording of Howard and Michelle. They laughed as it took longer and longer for him to get hard and stop the shock from the e-stim.
Sally asked Alice, "How much sleep do you think they got?"
Alice replied, "I doubt that they got four hours total."
Sally said, "Let's go free them and then get some breakfast. They are going to need some serious amounts of caffeine to stay awake until midnight. For breakfast, let's stay naked. We can get clothed after that."
When they arrived in the exam room, the e-stim was shocking Howard and Michelle again. Howard was getting close to giving Michelle an orgasm, but he hadn't gotten hard. He moaned in pain as Michelle sucked on his cock. After Michelle climaxed, Alice turned off the box, and the shocking stopped.
Alice asked pleasantly, "How are you both doing this morning? I hope you had a pleasant night's rest."
Howard replied, "Oh god, my cock hurts so much. My muscles are so stiff from being unable to move. I hardly slept at all. How much longer, Mistress, will we be restrained like this?"
Sally got a pair of cast-cutting scissors and began to cut away the cast material from Michelle.
Alice replied, "Once Michelle is free, you'll be next."
When Michelle was freed of her restraints, Alice, Sally, and Jessica had to help her get up. They placed her on a chair as they turned their attention to freeing Howard.
Once Howard was freed up, Alice directed, " Howard and Michelle, you will help each other to the bathroom and clean each other up, including showering. When you are clean, you will join us naked in the kitchen. We have decided that we will all stay naked until after breakfast."
When Howard and Michelle arrived in the kitchen, they were greeted by the smell of pancakes and bacon.
Sally, Alice, and Jessica were seated at the table, but there was no plate for Howard or Michelle.
Alice pointed to two bowls on each side of her. One bowl was filled with coffee, and the other cut up pancakes and bacon. "You must drink the full bowl of coffee before you can start on the bowl of pancakes and bacon. I know you need a lot of coffee, so each bowl is half a carafe of strong coffee. It is made the way you like your coffee. By the way, you are not allowed to use your hands, only your mouth."
They both got down on their hands and knees and sipped up as much coffee as possible. They lapped up the rest. The three women enjoyed the show as the two subs attempted to drink from the bowls.
Alice noticed they were about done with the coffee and said, "After your lack of sleep last night, I think you need more caffeine."
She poured half a carafe into each bowl.
Alice said, "You may now eat your pancakes and bacon while you lap your coffee. Both bowls must be completely consumed."
By the time they finished their bowls, their faces were a mess.
Alice directed, "Go clean yourselves up and be in the costume room in 30 minutes, on your knees waiting for us. And be sure to visit the bathroom, as you won't be able to go again for about four hours."
Howard and Michelle left immediately.
Jessica commented, "Did you notice that their strips from the whipping have almost completely faded?"
Alice agreed, "Yes, I did. I am a little disappointed. I was hoping that the marks on Howard's body would last a couple of days."
Sally replied, "We will just have to whip him longer and harder. He will faint at some point, and once he awakes, we need to continue whipping him."
Jessica said, "I am good with whipping Howard more, but I'd like to give Michelle a break."
Alice paused and then proposed, "Why don't we invite Adam to join us for lunch and the outing in the park? It would make our Halloween costume masquerade deception so much more intense. Plus, Michelle would go off with him if we let her."
Jessica replied, "That could work. We agreed to treat Michelle like we treated Howard, but I bet she would jump at the chance to be under Adam again."
Sally asked, "Who's Adam? You used his name before."
Alice replied, "Adam helps Howard create all these marvelous toys. He is a switch, but he is mostly a dom. When he is a sub, I own him. As a Dom, Michelle has fallen head over heels for him. He is falling for her, also. We tested his desire for her, and he passed the test."
Sally asked, "So you think Michelle would want to go with him instead of staying in parallel with Howard's suffering?"
Alice replied, "I don't think. I know."
Sally said, "Sounds great."
Alice replied, "Let me call him and see if this would work. Let me get my phone. Wait here while I do, as his availability will affect our plans."
Alice quickly retrieved her phone. She was already on the phone when she returned. "Adam, that is great! We'll meet you in the park, and then you can join us for a late lunch afterward." She paused as she listened to his reply. "That's the place in the park. We'll be a few hundred yards up the trail." Another pause, "How soon will the van be ready? Great! See you in the park in two hours. Do not be early. Bye." The call ended.
"Well, ladies, I think we'll play with just Howard tonight."
Sally replied, "Excellent! What should we wear for our park and lunch outing?"
Alice answered, "I'm thinking of normal clothes, as we'll be taking them into the park and then lunch in town afterward."
Sally and Jessica agreed, and each went off to their rooms.
Alice was the first of the dommes to reach the costume room. Howard and Michelle were kneeling on the floor, their knees far apart. Alice was wearing Jeans, a button blouse, and flats. She rubbed the toe of her foot on Howard's cock.
Sally showed up next dressed in a short skirt and t-shirt with sandals. She joined in and started rubbing her toes against Michelle's pussy. Alice put significant pressure on Howard's cock as she pressed her flats against it. Howard and Michelle moaned.
Jessica showed up wearing a sundress and short-heeled sandals. She said, "Looks like you two haven't wasted any time getting started." And laughed.
Alice smiled, "Let's start their transformation. Howard, It's Halloween, so we are going to pass you off as a fully sexually functioning gorgeous woman and you, Michelle as a fully sexually functioning handsome man. It's too bad the pandemic has shut down the West Hollywood Halloween Carnival, as I'd love to take you there. Howard, to ensure you do as we say today, I will attach these e-stim pads to the side of your cock. If you misbehave while we're out, these will deliver a nasty shock."
Alice pasted the e-stim electrode pads on his cock and said, "Just so you know what this feels like, let me demonstrate." Alice pressed her remote. Howard screamed and fell to the floor.
Alice knelt and stroked his body. "I really don't want to do that again, so I hope you obey."
Howard softly replied, "Mistress, I will do whatever you require to avoid that."
Alice replied, "I'm not so sure about that."
Alice pulled from a drawer fake vagina silicone panties. "Observed Howard, how there is a urinary catheter that connects to the fake woman's pee hole so that you can urinate, but I don't recommend it. The vagina is completely functional. A penis can be inserted into it. It also has a lube dispenser that is remote-controlled. It is only good for a couple of uses before it needs to be refilled, but that will be enough for today. The hips are padded to transform your narrow male hips into female hips. Now let's get this on you."
It took a lot of talcum powder, but Howard's penis was soon connected to the catheter, and the fake vagina was positioned correctly. Alice inserted a lubed dildo into it and pronounced it a success.
Alice next pulled out a half-body silicone-filled E-cup breast shirt.
Alice commented, "Notice how these teardrop-shaped, full breasts sag naturally. The nipples and areola are very realistic. When you walk or exercise, they bounce like real breasts. The shirt covers your neck and shoulders and goes down to your waist. It gives a very realistic look."
With a little more talcum powder, the half-body shirt was soon on Howard. Alice commented, "I just need to blend in the seams, and no one will notice. For the next few hours, your name is Howea. It's a Norse girl's name. Sally, can you start on Howea's head transformation?"
Sally replied, "Certainly."
Alice turned her attention to Michelle. She pulled out a 5-inch silicone dildo panty. The fake penis looked realistic and had an extension on the inside that would rub against a g-spot and clit. With the help of talcum powder, it was quickly on Michelle.
Michelle hit the end of the fake cock and exclaimed, "Wow, this even bounces like a real cock."
Alice explained, "It will bend up in your briefs just like a real cock does. For the rest of this session, you are Micah. Jessica, please start working on Jessica's face transformation."
Alice walked over to where Howea's transformation was underway. Sally had added a blond wig that reached below Howea's breast. The makeup completely changed the face so that Howea did not look like Howard.
"Wow, Sally. You are working miracles. I bet no one will recognize Howea as Howard."
Alice got to work with her body paints, blending the edges of the silicon pieces to form a seamless transition to Howard's natural skin. When she finished, she stepped back, and Alice and Jessica commented how impossible it was to tell where his real skin became silicon.
They then went over to Michelle. Jessica had put Michelle's long hair under a short male-cut wig. She had added a little makeup that made it appear that Micah had the beginnings of a 5 o'clock shadow. She had also used an elastic tube top chest binder wrap that flattened Michell's usually prominent breasts.
Alice clapped his hands in joy, "Amazing, Jessica, you have effectively transformed Michelle into Micah.
Alice busied herself with her body paints to blend the transition from silicon to natural skin.
Sally dressed Howea in a plunging V-neck knotted tiered chiffon mini short swing dress.
Howard asked, "Shouldn't I get a bra and panties?"
Sally responded, "No. Just be careful to hold your skirt down if the wind starts blowing."
Sally then gave Howea short-heeled sandals to wear. "Howea, practice walking in these right now. You need to be steady."
Alice said, "Before I dress Micah, let's check the fit between Micah's cock and Howea's Vagina. Howea lay on your back on that table. Jessica, the lube delivery in Howsea's vagina is only good for one or two shots, so for this test, lube up Micah's cock."
Jessica lubed up Michelle's fake cock and said, "Go ahead, Micah, it should slip right in."
Micah held her fake cock in her hand and guided it into Howea's fake Vagina. Micah remarked, "Wow, it did slide right in."
Micah began to thrust her fake cock in and out of Howea's fake Vagina.
Michelle commented, "I am getting some great stimulation from this. I think I will be able to cum."
Alice directed, "Excellent! Howea, how does it feel?"
Howard replied, "I can feel the fake cock rubbing across my perineum and butthole. But not enough to do anything."
Michelle's breathing was increasing. Sally reached around her back and softly squeezed Michelle's nipple through the tube top. Michelle exploded into an orgasm.
When Michelle came down, Sally, Alice, and Jessica dressed her in jeans, dark tennis shoes, and a black t-shirt.
Sally explained, "Micah, you look like a real stud. And Howea, you are one sexy woman. If I hadn't seen the transformation, I'd not know who you are."
Howard replied, "I'm not too excited about this cross-dressing. Do I have to do this?"
Alice halfway pushed the remote button for Howard's penis e-stim. Howard yelped.
Alice said, "That was only halfway, Howea. Another word of protest, and you'll get the full power, and you know how bad that is."
Howard replied, "Yes, Ma'am."
Alice was suddenly unsure of what she was doing, so she asked, "Howea, do you remember your safe word?"
Howard replied, "Yes. I do not want to use it."
A greatly relieved Alice said, "Let's get going. We'll be taking Howard's special Mercedes Van. Adam said he'd have it ready by now."
When Howard - now Howea - got to the van, he noticed six regular seats and two dildo seats in the back. He realized that he and Michelle would eventually be in those seats. But not until they lost their sex transformation panties.
They arrived at the park and walked a few hundred yards to a secluded picnic area.
Alice looked at her watch and said, "Adam will be here in 15 minutes. Howea, you are to sit on the edge of the picnic table, and I will tell Adam to fuck you."
Howard angrily replied, "Hell no!" Suddenly he was hit with a full shock on his penis. He fell to the ground. Sally and Jessica picked him up off the ground and brushed the dirt off his dress.
Howard cried, "Please, Alice, no."
Alice said, "Sally, Jessica, hold Howea up." Another shock hit his penis. Sally and Jessica held him up, so he stayed clean.
Howard looked at Alice with pleading eyes. "Alice, I beg you. Please, no." Another shock hit his penis, and he cried out."
Alice said, "You have a safe word. Otherwise, this is happening. It's your call if the game stops or pauses now."
Howard looked at the ground and sighed. "Okay, Mistress. I promised I'd be your slave until midnight tonight. I'll do as you order."
Alice instructed, "Neither you nor Michelle are to talk. Just nod yes or no. Otherwise... you get the idea."
It was only a short time before Adam entered the picnic area.
"Hi, Alice and Jessica. I'm here as ordered."
Alice hugged him. "Adam, I'm so glad you could come. Let me introduce my friend Sally. She is the one who introduced me to BDSM. I've learned a lot from her."
She gestured at Howard, "These two are my new subs, Howea and Micah. I was hoping you could help me with Howea."
Howard and Michelle nodded their heads in greeting.
Adam looked at Howard and thought, 'Wow! Howea is one hot-looking, big beautiful gal." He did not recognize that Howea was his boss Howard.
Alice said, "Adam, I want you to fuck Howea. She has never had sex in public. I'd like you to fuck her."
Adam replied, "Sure, I will gladly do it."
Alice said, "Jessica, would you get Adam ready? But first, remove your clothes."
Jessica stripped and then reached for Adam's pants, unzipped them, and put her mouth around his cock. He quickly became hard.
Alice said, "Howea, pull up your dress and sit on the table's edge."
Howard complied, exposing his fake realistic vagina to Adams' view.
Alice pushed the remote that would squirt lube into Howard's fake pussy.
Alice directed, "Adam strip. Howea, raise your legs to make it easy for Adam to fuck you. Sally, please film this. Jessica, get on the table next to Howea."
As Sally filmed, Adam removed his clothes and plunged his cock into Howard's fake vagina. He began to thrust.
Alice commanded, "Micah fuck Jessica."
Michelle walked over, unzipped her jeans, placed her fake penis into Jessica's real Vagina, and started a steady rhythm of thrusts.
It did not take long for Adam to shoot his load into Howard's fake vagina and for Jessica and Michelle to orgasm.
Sally and Alice began laughing. "Adam, do you really not recognize who you just fucked?"
Adam examined the face of the woman he thought was Howea and said, "Fuck me. Howard?"
Howard replied, "Fuck you, Adam."
Alice admonished, "Now Howard, Adam did not know. So, you can't be mad at him."
Adam then looked at the face of the man that he thought was Micah and said, "Oh my God! Michelle! I thought you were a guy. Did Alice do the make-up?"
Alice replied, "I had some help from Jessica and Sally."
Everyone, including Howard, began to laugh. Adam said, "I think you are a genius, Alice. I would never have guessed until you told me to look closer."
Alice asked, "Howard, you're laughing. Have you changed your mind about this?"
Howard replied, "I have to admit that I didn't want to do this, but It was fun to spoof Adam. Next Halloween, I want to go down to West Hollywood like this. It was fun."
Alice said, "What about you, Adam? Do you want to kiss your girlfriend?"
Adam replied, "Hell, Yes." and kissed Michelle.
Alice told everyone to put their clothes back on, and they all started the walk back to the van. Adam put his arm around Michelle's waist and kissed her regularly. Alice did the same to Howard, and their kisses were passionate. Sally and Jessica just held hands.
Howard asked, "Alice, why did you do this? Knowing it was outside of my limits?"
Alice replied, "I just wanted to see if I could pull off the transformation. When I did, I tried to push it further. You didn't use your safe words to stop or slow down, so I knew that you were going with it. This was all my idea. Please don't get mad at Adam. I knew if my disguise could fool Adam, it could fool anyone. "
"There is no risk that I would fire him, but I will make sure he gets serious punishment from you when this game ends."
Alice laughed and said, "That's fair."
When they got to the van, Alice asked Adam to join them. They all climbed in and drove to a nearby LGBTQ-friendly burger restaurant.
Alice, Sally, and Jessica ordered a pitcher of Moscow Mules with their meal, gulped it down, and ordered another. Adam, Michelle, and Howard had water. To the waiter, it looked like three LGBTQ couples. Adam was kissing Michelle disguised as Micah. Alice and Howard, disguised as Howea, also shared many kisses, and Jessica and Sally formed a third demonstrative couple.
Alice, Sally, and Jessica were quite tipsy when they finished their meal. They accepted Adam's offer to drive the van.
Alice told Howard and Michelle to pull off their fake pussy and penis and sit on the chairs that had a dildo sticking up from the seat. Fortunately, even though she was now tipsy, she remembered to lube the dildos.
Alice sat in the passenger seat and had a blast pushing the buttons to make the seat dildos vibrate, thrust, and shock. Jessica and Sally made out in the seats behind her.
When they returned to Howard's house, Howard and Michelle were ordered to strip, shower to get all their makeup off, and meet the group in the living room naked.
Jessica opened a bottle of champagne which Sally and Alice joined her in drinking. Adam did not.
When Howard and Michelle entered the Living Room, Alice said, "Follow me to the dungeon."
Once there, she handcuffed Howard and Michelle and attached them to the chain from the ceiling. She pulled the chain so that Howard and Michell were on their toes.
Alice said, "Adam, will you join us in adding strips to Michelle's body?"
Adam agreed. He and Sally began slowly whipping Michelle, and Alice and Jessica slowly whipped Howard.
After an hour, they decided to take a break. Jessica went to the kitchen and brought another pitcher of Moscow Mules to the group. Howard and Michelle were left to hang from the handcuffs while Adam, Sally, Alice, and Jessica enjoyed their drinks for the next hour. Then they resumed whipping Howard and Michelle.
After another hour, they took a break and enjoyed more drinks. They left Howard and Michelle hanging from their handcuffs.
After ten minutes, Alice walked over to Michelle. "Michelle, you have a choice. You can continue with us as we promised, or you can have Adam take you away, and you two can play. What is your choice?"
Michelle looked at Adam, "I'd like to be with Adam."
"Okay, I will order pizza for dinner, and when we finish that, Adam will take you away, and you two can play. "
It took about 45 minutes for the pizza to arrive. Michelle was let down, and her handcuffs were removed. Howard remained suspended. Alice fed him.
When Michelle and Adam got to her bedroom, they made love and then fell asleep.
Meanwhile, back in the dungeon, Sally suggested, "Let's practice using rods for a while."
They got short, half-inch round rods.
Sally said, "Howard, we need to do some serious target practice. I need you to be a good person to practice on. Will you be?"
"Yes. Mistress." Howard replied.
Jessica said, "You're going to stay right where you are. Doing what you are told?"
"Yes. Mistress."
Alice added. "We're not going to bother being too gentle on you. Jessica needs to learn the full power of these rods."
They took turns hitting Howard's ass.
Sally said, "What a fine target!" as the hits on his ass continued.
After a few minutes, Alice looked at the other women, pointed to herself, and mouthed, "mine."
Alice put her left arm around Howard, under his left arm, and over his right shoulder. She pulled him into an embrace. "You are an enjoyable target for me."
Each time she hit his ass with her rod, Howard grunted.
She released him from her hug, and he hung from his arms. The women resumed taking turns hitting his ass. Howard resounded with a painful aaaawww with each hit.
Sally instructed, "Let's now practice using our left hands."
Jessica said, "I'm right-handed, but practicing with my left is important." She smacked Howard's butt hard.
Howard turned his body away from the blow.
"Alice commanded, "Show us your bottom."
Howard said, "Sorry, mistress."
He turned back, and his suffering continued.
Sally said, "Let's switch to floggers."
After hitting his back a few times, he was instructed to turn around.
Alice struck him hard on the chest, and he uttered a long arrgghg.
Alice giggled and said, "My, what a lovely mark that made. You should be glad for every mark that we make."
"Yes, Mistress."
They resumed whipping his chest until it was nicely red.
They moved onto his right thighs. Howard shook in pain with each hit of the flogger. The women giggled.
They stopped to admire their work. Sally commented, "Well done. Girls. This is beautifully decorated."
They moved onto his left thigh. Howard's cries of pain grew louder with each hit, causing the women to giggle even more.
Jessica said, "I find this so very invigorating."
Alice asked, "Howard, does it hurt?"
"Yes, Mistress. It hurts a lot."
Alice said, "I like it when you hurt for me.
"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Do you want to use your safe word?"
"No, Mistress."
Alice spanked his butt a few times, and then they continued with the floggers.
Alice said, "I love it when you squeal for me."
"Yes, Mistress."
Alice asked, "Sally, should we switch to the whips?"
"Yes"
After they had whipped him for a while, Sally commented, "It's a lovely design we're making.
The women began whipping him from every side.
Jessica said, "Not an inch of you is safe from me."
Howard cried out loud from the bit of each whip.
Alice said, "Let's focus on his front. This is for target practice, remember?"
The women all laughed.
Jessica said, "Slave, give us your front."
Howard turned his body toward the three women.
With the combined assault from the three women, Howard was uttering a solid stream of moans.
Alice rubbed her hand on his chest and said, "What a lovely mess. Give us your back."
Howard sobbed from the pain. The women decided to take a break.
Alice hugged him from the back and rubbed his chest. "Howard, you are doing so well. Jessica, can you get us more drinks?"
Sally interjected, "I don't think we should drink anymore."
Alice answered, "Howard, do you mind if we drink?"
Howard replied, "Not at all. This is all about your fun, so please go ahead and drink. Would you mind if I visited the bathroom?"
Alice agreed and let him down, "You need to be back in 15 minutes."
As soon as Howard left the room, Alice said, "Let me grab some peeled ginger root, and then let's see how Howard does with it."
Alice hid the peeled ginger root so Howard would not see it when he returned. Jessica came back with a pitcher of margaritas.
When Howard returned, he was cuffed and strung up again. This time a spreader bar was added to his ankles, and then he was lifted onto his toes.
Alice slipped behind him and, after lubing up this ass, pushed the ginger root into him. He immediately started shaking his head. He knew what he was in for.
Alice asked, "Do you want to use your safe word?"
There was a long pause, and then Howard responded, "No, Mistress."
The women were quite drunk by this time, and their good judgment had left them. With the alcohol removing any inhibitions that they would normally have, they became more sadistic.
Alice found a Kali spiked cock cage and immediately attached it to Howard's penis.
Without Howard seeing her, Alice crushed a Viagra pill into a small glass of margarita and helped Howard to drink it.
When he finished the drink, Alice laughed, "Howard, you are so screwed. There was Viagra in that drink, and your cock is going to expand, and the spikes on that cock cage are going to be unbearable.
Sally and Jessica responded with drunken laughs.
The three women grabbed their bullwhips in one hand and began to pummel Howard with strikes. While with their other hand, they continued downing margaritas, one after another.
As the Viagra took effect, his cock expanded, and the Kali teeth on his cock ring caused excruciating pain. Howard was now screaming.
Suddenly, Howard stopped screaming, and he hung loosely from his handcuffs. His eyes were glassy.
Sally filled a bucket with cold water and threw it on his face. He regained consciousness.
Alice asked, "I think you have gotten into subspace. Should we continue?"
Howard shook his head, yes, and his punishment continued. Soon Howard was sobbing uncontrollably.
The women's reaction was to laugh and refill their margarita glasses. Jessica fell asleep.
Eventually, the women got tired and decided to take a break. They sat in chairs facing Howard.
Howard's eyes closed and hung from the chain. At that moment, Alice's phone alarm sounded. It was 11:00 pm. The enormity of what she had been doing to Howard came to her.
She saw Howard hanging in front of him. The bullwhipping had drawn blood on a couple of places on his body. His cock was pushing hard against the kali teeth cock cage. He was out, despite the ginger root in his ass. She and Sally jumped up.
Alice said, "Shit, I have completely blown it."
Sally replied, "I did too."
They immediately unlocked the kali cage, and it opened on its hinges. His cock was covered in minor bruises where the spikes had pressed against it. Alice kept saying. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I got drunk and overdid. Please forgive me."
She removed the ginger root and gave him a milk enema. Howard moaned,
They lowered him onto a gurney,
Sally asked, "Is he still out?"
Alice sobbed, "Yes."
Sally took his pulse and said, "His pulse is fine, but to be safe, I am going to call a friend who is not only a Domme at the club. She is also a doctor and lives nearby."
Sally called her friend and quickly got an answer, "Alison, I blew it tonight with a sub. I went too far with a sub, and he is out... his pulse and breathing are fine... Can you come over? You're only 3 miles away." There was a long pause. "Thank you for agreeing to come over."
Sally said, "I'm sorry, I went too far. I will meet with our club board to have my actions reviewed."
Alison soon arrived carrying her medical bag. When she saw Howard, she asked, "What Happened?"
Alice replied with tears in her eyes, "I may have killed the best thing to happen to me in years. I went so far beyond what Howard had agreed to. Just look at the blood from our whipping." Alice began to sob.
Sally stated, "It's my fault as I have been a Domme for years. This was Alice's first extended time as a Domme. This is 100 percent my fault. I know better than to drink while in a session. I was not watching the sub closely enough,"
Alice replied, "Thank you for volunteering to take all the blame. But you know I share greatly in this mistake. I'm the one who pushed the drinking over your exception."
Alison interrupted, "We can assign blame later. Let's first clean him up and examine him."
She took his vitals, examined his body, and said, "Nothing wrong with any of his vitals. None of the breaks of the skin are bad. With some Neosporin, there will be no scars. I recognize him as a member of our dungeon club; fortunately, every member has to file a full medical history to play at the club. It will take just a minute to access it."
Alison retrieved Howard's Medical history, did some additional examinations, and soon pronounced, "It appears he is in a deep state of subspace. He's not out. He is semiconscious. The best thing to do is clean him up, put Neosporin on his wounds, and let him rest."
Alice and Sally worked diligently, helping Alison clean each place where the whips had broken Howard's skin. They applied Neosporin and bandages on the worst of it. Alison put blood oxygen and blood pressure sensors on Howard.
Alison did a final check and said, "If any of these sound an alarm, call 911, but I am not worried."
As she was ready to leave, she addressed Sally, "You will be expected to attend a board of inquiry at the club within the week you know the process. ."
Sally replied, " Yes, Alison. I will send a report of my actions to the board immediately and ask for an immediate review."
Alison said, "Sally, you have been a Dom at the club for at least ten years, and until now, you have never made a mistake. I've screwed up twice in that same time and been subject to the board's review, and now I am on the board. You should also be on the board but keep turning it down. You have helped so many new Doms and Subs learn our world. I expect the worse that will happen is that you will be put on probation."
Sally replied, "Thanks, Alison. Regardless of what the board does, I will have to live with the regret from this mistake for the rest of my life. It will drive me to never allow myself to screw up again. Thank you, dear, for coming."
Alison kissed Sally, "Not a problem, dear friend."
Soon after Alison left, Jessica finally woke up and asked," What happened?"
Sally replied, "Turns out I'm a pretty lousy teacher. I know better than getting drunk while dominating someone. We went too far, and it's all my fault. The Dom needs to know when to stop, even if the sub says go ahead."
Alice said, "Nonsense. We all own this mistake."
Just then, Alice's second alarm went off. She announced, "I think this is my worst Halloween ever. It's midnight, and the switch is over. Though I doubt Howard will want anything from me ever again."
Jessica hugged her mom.
He had not regained full consciousness when they brought the gurney to his bedroom and lifted him onto the bed.
Alice announced, "I will stay here until he wakes."
Sally said, "I'll wait for you in your room. I need to apologize to him."
Jessica stated, "Hopefully, this will blow over, and Howard will be the awesome master he has always been."
Alice nodded her head as tears streamed down her face. Sally and Jessica left Howard's bedroom. Alice got a glass of water to offer to Howard when he awoke.
Sally immediately emailed the Board of her BDSM club, outlining her violations of the domination rules.
About an hour later, Howard moaned in pain and opened his eyes. Alice lifted his head and helped him drink from the glass.
As Howard became more awake, Alice could see anger in his eyes.
Alice said, "I hope you can forgive me. We got drunk, and things went out of control."
Howard stared at her and roughly said, "Get out of my bedroom, Now."
Alice started crying and asked, "Should I leave the house?"
Howard replied, "No. We need to talk first. But, please leave. I need to be by myself."
Alice ran from the room sobbing. Sally was waiting on Alice's bed. Sally embraced Alice as sobs continued to rack her body.
Sally said, "Alice, I feel that there will be consequences, but everything will work out okay in the end. Would you be okay if I sent Howard an apology email?"
Alice exploded in anger, "Yes, but I doubt it will do any good. I am mad at you! You are the experienced one! You should have stopped us from going too far with Howard! The drinking clouded your judgment. You shouldn't have backed off your objections to more drinking so quickly!"
Alice took a deep breath, and her expression calmed.
Sally looked at the floor, "You're right. I screwed up. I deserve your anger. Do you want to tie me up and cane me right now?"
Alice smiled, "Maybe later. But for now, I want Howard as my Dom back."
Sally stated, "In my email, maybe I can get Howard to direct his anger toward me. I will even offer to be his sub without limits for as long as he wants."
"Thanks, Sally."
Sally wrote a short note and sent it to Howard's email address. She hugged Alice, asked her to call her later, and left.
Eventually, Alice fell asleep.
When Alice awoke that morning, she went to Howard's bedroom door and found it was locked.
She knocked and then heard a gruff "Go Away."
She went back to her room, showered, and dressed. She went to the kitchen and made coffee, but no one else came down for a long time.
She worked on her emails. She thought, "Maybe having these sub-women for Howard to play with will somewhat make up for my mistake."
The more she thought about it, the more positive she became. She gave directions to the sub women on how to dress and to Steve - her sub man - on how to prepare for his pickup Monday.
Jessica joined her in the kitchen at about mid-morning, followed shortly by Adam and Michelle. They all began to make breakfast.
Jessica noticed her mom's worry and asked if she was okay.
Alice sniffed and replied, "I went too far last night. I keep trying to convince myself that I will be forgiven. Howard told me to get out of his bedroom last night, and his bedroom door was locked this morning. When I knocked, he told me to go away. I may have destroyed our relationship."
Adam asked, "Did you ignore his safe word?"
Alice replied, "No, I asked a few times if he wanted to use it, but he didn't."
Adam laughed. Jessica, Michelle, and Alice stared at him.
Jessica yelled. "Adam, this isn't funny."
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have laughed. Did he explain what happens when one of these switch games ends?"
Alice replied, "No. What do you mean?"
Adam said, "Until he has gotten a good night's sleep, he is pissed at the world. I got some of his anger after a session a few years back. It is not fun. However, I expected him to be down in about an hour and back to his normal self."
Alice replied, "Really? But we got drunk and whipped him until he was bleeding, and he passed out."
Adam said, "Okay, maybe you went too far, but I stand by my statement. He had his safe word and did not use it. "
Suddenly Howard spoke up. No one had noticed him entering. "It was past my limits, but now I know my limits are further out than I thought. And with the increased intensity, it means I can keep my dominating motivation going longer."
Alice jumped and hugged him. "So, you forgive me?"
"Alice, yes. But you are going to pay a price for your mistake of getting drunk. But for now, after a big breakfast, we'll shower, and you will refresh these dressings on my wounds afterward. Then you and I will spend the day in bed, except you will get a good spanking a couple of times this afternoon. One thing you were too drunk to notice last night is that I got into subspace. Like Jessica, I needed a lot of pain to get there. So, despite still being in pain, I thank you for getting me to experience subspace."
Jessica exclaimed, "That's wonderful, Howard. I sure am happy you got into subspace. However, I still prefer to be the Dom, except for you. Howard, you can Dom me whether you like."
Howard replied, "That's a good thing, as tomorrow l, I am going to Dom you before you start dominating the guy Alice is bringing over. And then sometime next week, you, Sally, and Alice will spend a long and very excruciating session with me in the dungeon."
After a hearty breakfast, Alice and Howard went to his room and were not seen until the afternoon.
After Alice and Howard left, Adam kissed Michelle and said, "Do you want to spend some time in the restraint room?"
Michelle applied, "I thought you'd never ask."
They said their goodbyes to Jessica and headed upstairs.
Jessica looked around the empty kitchen and thought. "Shit, everyone else is having sex, and I get to clean up the breakfast mess."
While cleaning the kitchen, her thoughts went back to college and her tutor during her first year at college. "I wonder what Steve is doing these days?"
She went to her room and pulled up the nude pictures she had tricked Steve into letting her take. She thought, "He is the one that got away."
At 2 pm, Alice, Howard, and Jessica all received a text from the board of the Club Howard, Sally, and Alison belonged to asking if they could join a zoom meeting.
The board asked Howard about his time as a sub under Sally, Alice, and Jessica. Howard told them that he was okay with the whole incident. Alison gave a statement of what she had observed when she arrived. They then asked questions of all three. The board then asked them to drop off the zoom, but they would be called back shortly, so please stay next to their computer.
Five minutes later, the board called them back. They announced that they had put Sally on probation for six months but would remain a Dominatrix at the club. They thanked them for their time and terminated the call.
Alice said, "That was interesting how fast they jumped on this."
Howard replied, "It's not surprising as it is a Sunday, and more people are off. Once the club reopens, I plan to take you there and show off my sub."
Alice smiled, "I look forward to that."
Howard and Alice went back to his room. Jessica returned to thinking about what it would have been like dominating Steve.
Dinner was an interesting affair. Howard tied Alice nude to a chair and fed her. Michelle sat naked on Adam's lap, and she fed him.
Jessica felt the odd person out. As she got up to quietly leave, Howard said, "Stop, Jessica. I have some instructions for you and Adam. At 8 am tomorrow, you will meet Adam in the restraint room completely naked. He will strap you to a spanking bench and then rub coconut oil over your body. He is to ensure that you get plenty in your pussy and ass. He is to repeat this every 30 minutes until I arrive. Then I remind you of what it is like to be a sub. You'll be breaking in your first male sub tomorrow, and after the poor example you witnessed yesterday, you need to be focused on sub safety. Do you understand?"
"Yes, sir."
"Go get a good night's sleep. You have a busy day ahead of you tomorrow. Adam and Michelle, please go now."
After they left, Howard turned to Alice, "Go get a good paddle and be laying on my bed in ten minutes."
Alice replied, "Oh, thank you, sir. I need more punishment as I feel bad about yesterday, and the spanking this afternoon wasn't enough."
"Don't worry. This is just the beginning of your punishments."
===========================
I apologize for how long it took to finish this chapter. It's the longest chapter I've ever done. I couldn't find a good stopping place until the whole arc of this part of the story was told. I hope you all are still enjoying my adventures in creating content for Literotica. Comments and suggestions are much appreciated.
I need to write the Steve and Jessica story. It was going to be chapter 25 of this story and still may be, but it deserves to be able to stand alone instead of buried within my other stories. Plus, I want to continue writing "The Domme next door," and I've got a cruise ship romance story I'm writing. The Jessica and Steve story will move this one along. I only have a few more chapters to write, and this story will end happily.