Being a divorced mother of two had its ups and downs, and today was no exception for 39-year old Amy Hunter. Work had been particularly hectic and she hadn't been able to get away from the office until 6:00, which meant she had to rush home to get ready for her date at 7:30. In the five years since her divorce, Amy had gone out with only a handful of men and never really gotten serious about any of them. Tonight she was having dinner with Bob Stone -- a first date arranged through a mutual friend. And although Bob seemed like a decent sort of guy, in their initial phone call she hadn't sensed any real chemistry. Still, this was her first night out with a man in about in three months, and she was looking forward to spending the evening with another adult and not just her two kids.
Thanks to the particularly heavy Friday traffic, she didn't arrive home until 7:00. Her 15-year daughter Madison was sprawled across the sofa in the living room texting on her phone and barely acknowledged Amy as she entered the back door, depositing her handbag and car keys on the kitchen table.
"Hi honey," she shouted, and getting no response, walked into the living room and looked at her. "I'm going upstairs to change. I've got a date tonight, remember?"
Sitting down next to her on the sofa, Amy could feel her daughter instinctively draw back. This had been the pattern for the last few years -- her darling little baby had changed into an obnoxious teenager, pulling away into her own world with no time for her mother. Still, Amy knew it was important to try to keep the lines of communication open.
"Hope you had a good day at school." She paused, not really expecting a response. "Where's your brother?'
"Out with his friends." Finally, an answer!
"Oh, okay," Amy replied. "I'm not quite sure what to wear tonight," she continued, "so I may ask your advice."
"Whatever," Madison answered, her eyes still glued to her texts.
"Thanks, sweetie. I'll be down in just a minute to see what you think."
Amy went up the stairs to her bedroom, threw open her closet door, and pulled out a couple of outfits. Dressing for a first date was always a challenge. In the first six months after her divorce, Amy learned a few basic lessons about being back in the dating game. Good looking, with dark brown eyes and black hair and standing a little over 5 foot 6, her 34-25-36 figure easily attracted men's attention. She made sure to eat well and exercise, keeping her weight under 130 lbs. As a result, she seemed to be fair game for any single guy in town and even some married ones. She instinctively brushed off their unwanted overtures and in return was unfairly perceived as a bitch who thought she was too good for everyone.
As a result, she stopped going out much and avoided social situations where she didn't already know most of the people. She also tried to dress in a way that wasn't too sexy or draw too much attention to herself. Still, she enjoyed nice clothes and worked hard to maintain her looks as she approached 40. Maybe it was just vanity, but she did feel like wearing something a little special for her night out.
The first outfit she tried on was a floral print skirt with an equally colorful silk top left unbuttoned to reveal a black leotard with scoop neckline that showed just a bit of cleavage. Stylish but still somewhat casual -- just right, she thought, for a first date.
Eager to find ways to reach out to her daughter, she rushed downstairs and into the living room.
"So, what do you think? Look okay for my big night out?" she said with a broad smile.
Madison shrugged, barely glancing up from her phone to say, "I guess so."
"Maybe I should wear a dress instead?" her mom suggested.
"If you say so," the daughter replied and returned to her texting.
As she headed back upstairs to find another outfit, Amy couldn't have imagined the series of events that her daughter's texting was about to set in motion. Madison had just contacted her brother, Dave, to see if he could give her a ride over to her boyfriend Alex's house.
"Be there in 5," he replied. "With MB&R right now."
MB&R, Madison knew, were Dave's three closest friends, Matt, Brandon, and Ryan. And Ryan just happened to be Alex's older brother. "So," she thought to herself, "they could show up in five minutes or it could be an hour." She groaned, settled back in the sofa, and went back to texting a girlfriend about how annoying older brothers could be.
In a few minutes, her mother reentered the living room, this time wearing a blue-colored pencil dress, short sleeved and knee length. The overall effect was more formal than the skirt and top, and the fit definitely accentuated Amy's figure. In fact, she had already decided it was a little too sexy for a first date but thought she'd run it by Madison, hoping it would at least get some comment from her daughter.
Instead, the teenager barely took notice of her mom, once again diverting her attention from her phone for only a second. In response to the question "Well, what about this one," Madison gave just the slightest shrug of her shoulders and mumbled, "Whatever."
With that, Amy stormed out of the living room and marched upstairs, muttering to herself that she didn't seem to be able to do anything to get her daughter away from that damned phone. She slammed her bedroom door and stared at her closet, silently fuming.
Unfortunately for Amy, the slamming of the door masked the sound of her son and his friends arriving and, with her bedroom door closed, she couldn't hear the conversation going on below.
"Hey sis," Dave began as Madison popped up from the sofa, ready to innocently flirt with the older boys. The four were all freshman at the local community college; Matt was the youngest, having turned eighteen earlier that year, while the other three had already celebrated their nineteenth birthdays. Matt was the clown, Brandon the athlete, Ryan the more intellectual, and Dave the most upbeat and positive of them all, the one who held the group together.
"Hi Brandon," she said, poking him lightly in the side. "Hope you're gonna keep Ryan here so Alex and I can be alone," she said with a big smile.
Growing up, Brandon had been like a second brother to her. And during her first year in high school when the guys were all seniors and Brandon captain of the football team, he let it be known that anyone who didn't treat Madison with respect would have to answer to him.
"Alex is a good kid," Brandon replied, "at least for a lowly sophomore," he added, grinning at Madison. She gave him a big hug as Matt, always the clown, chimed in. "Besides, no need to worry about any girl around Alex. He's almost as funny looking as Ryan," which provoked a good natured punch in the arm from Ryan.
"The guys are gonna wait here while I take you over to Alex's. Is Mom home yet?"
"Yeah, she's upstairs getting dressed."
For a moment, Dave looked puzzled but then remembered. "Oh that's right, she's got a date tonight." Then turning to his friends, he said, "If you want, grab something from the fridge and just watch some TV or something. I'll be right back."
Leaving the three boys in the living room, Dave and Madison quietly slipped out the front door. Meanwhile, upstairs, Amy remained unaware of who was now seated in her living room as she decided which outfit to try on next.
"I'll show Madison her mom can still be outrageous," she thought to herself as a wicked idea popped into her head. "She doesn't seem to care at all about what I wear out tonight, so let's see how she'll react to this."
With that, she stripped off her dress and carefully hung it back in the closet. Then, stepping out of her shoes, she pulled off her pantyhose and removed her bra. Placing both on her bed, she turned to look at herself in a full length mirror. Her B cup breasts were still perky, almost perfectly formed with dark areolas and prominent pencil-eraser shaped nipples centered on each orb. "Not bad for an old gal," Amy thought to herself with a giggle. "Maybe I'll tell Madison I'm going out dressed like this."
She started toward the bedroom door, then hesitated. "Oh what the hell," she thought. "If I really want to get a rise out of her, why not go all the way!" And with that, she slipped out of her panties, tossed them onto the bed, and stepped out into the upstairs hallway completely naked.
By this point, Ryan had walked from the living room, past the bottom of the staircase, and into the dining room opposite the living room. Meanwhile, Brandon and Matt had retreated to the kitchen to grab some sodas. Because the kitchen was positioned at the back of the house, the sound of the refrigerator closing and the bottles being opened couldn't be heard on the second floor, so Amy remained completely unaware of the visitors waiting downstairs.
Still thinking that only Madison was present in the house, Amy hesitated at the top of the stairs, nervous about walking around in the nude. But she was convinced her stunt would at least get her daughter's attention, and at this point, any reaction was better than being totally ignored. So, she proceeded, her bare feet making no sound on the carpeted steps.
At the bottom of the staircase, she turned right and entered the living room, with her back toward the dining room. Seeing no one on the sofa, she assumed that Madison must have gone into the kitchen. She started to turn in that direction when she heard a distinctly male voice exclaim behind her, "Mrs. Hunter?"
She practically jumped out of her skin! Swirling around, she came face to face with a very startled looking Ryan, just emerging from the dining room. Instinctively, her hands flew across her body, her right arm trying to cover her breasts while her left hand reached down over her neatly trimmed dark bush.
"Oh my god!," she shrieked, and then unable to process exactly what was happening, blurted out, "Where's Madison?"
"It's okay," Ryan stammered, trying to avert his eyes from his friend's naked mother. "Dave is taking her over to Alex's and Matt and Brandon and I were just going to wait for him here. " His mind was racing, trying to make sense out of what he was seeing while deciding whether to turn away out of politeness or stare in pure lust.
Ever since hitting adolescence, all three of Dave's friends had had huge crushes on their friend's mother, who had the reputation of being the hottest mom in town. Eventually they had learned not to discuss her in front of Dave, but among themselves it was still a frequent topic of conversation and the inspiration for many fantasies. And here she was in the nude!
"Matt and Brandon are here, too?" she practically screamed as she realized that not just one but three young men were in her house.
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Hunter. We had no idea you were here and...," he stumbled for the words, unable to come right out and say what was on his mind, namely, what in the world are you doing without your clothes on.
He was saved from having to finish his sentence by the sudden appearance of Matt and Brandon. Arriving with sodas in hand, they almost bumped into the naked Mrs. Hunter as they entered the living room from the kitchen.
Turning to face them, she now stood inches away from the two boys who, although deprived of the fully unobstructed view that Ryan had initially enjoyed, were still quickly drinking in the sight of Amy's large and barely concealed breasts and the firm muscle tone of her tummy that led to a few barely visible tufts of dark hair not quite covered by her hand. Meanwhile, Ryan continued staring at the unimpeded view of Amy's ass, the soft curves of the cheeks moving slightly as she nervously stepped back from Brandon and Matt.
It took just a few seconds to realize that her only course of action was to flee, and without another word, she bounded past Ryan and ran up the stairs to her bedroom. All three boys seemed unable to move as their eyes stayed glued to the beautiful naked form, her backside vanishing up the stairs.
"Holy shit," Matt exclaimed. "Did that really just happen? What the fuck is going on?"
"I have no idea," Ryan sputtered, the bright red color slowly draining from his face. "It sounded like she was expecting Madison to be here."
"Well, duh, of course she would. She probably didn't know Dave was taking her over to your house." Brandon scratched his head in puzzlement, "But where the hell are her clothes?"
"Should we ask her to come back down and tell us?" Matt joked with a huge grin spreading across his face. "I mean, holy shit guys, we've just seen Mrs. Hunter naked. This is like the greatest day of my life."
"Shut up, Matt," Ryan replied somewhat testily. "This is Dave's mother. He can't ever know about this. It's just like too weird."
"You're right," Brandon agreed. "Guys, we say nothing. At least for now, we just act like nothing happened."
Suddenly, the sound of Dave's car could be heard pulling into the driveway. Ryan turned to Matt, glaring at him. "Got it, Matt?"
"Yeah, yeah. I'll keep my mouth shut. But Jesus Christ, did you see her boobs? I mean they were like perfect! No sagging..."
"Matt," Brandon said, gently shoving him down into a chair. "Just sit there and shut the fuck up. It's Dave, man."
"Okay, okay," Matt responded. "I get it."
Upstairs, Amy had locked herself in the bedroom and grabbed a robe. Her heart was pounding, her face was flushed, and she could feel the adrenaline surging through her. She threw herself on her bed, trying to process the feeling of shock and humiliation. She fully expected to burst into tears, but as soon as she buried her face in her pillow, she realized she was starting to laugh.
Turning over and looking up at the ceiling, she felt her body trembling as she tried to suppress her giggling. Yes, she had been shocked, and it was beyond embarrassing to be caught naked in her house by her son's best friends. But as she recalled the look of surprise on the three boys' faces, she began to see the humor in the situation. And, as she thought more about their stares, she realized that she was feeling a degree of excitement from having three good looking young men ogle her naked body.
Just then, she heard Dave's voice below, and barely pausing as she muttered "oh shit," she stood up and began to slip back into the bra, panties, and pantyhose that she had discarded just a few minutes ago. Cracking open the door an inch, she yelled out, "I'm up here, Dave. Be down in just a minute."
Hurriedly she put on the first outfit she had modeled for Madison and tried to regain her composure. Immediately a new set of doubts and questions swirled through her mind. What were the boys telling Dave right now, and what would they say to her? She knew there was no way to avoid that awkward confrontation, and the sooner she faced up to it the better.
Meanwhile downstairs, Matt, Brandon, and Ryan were sticking to their vow, trying to look as casual as possible. Each began sipping on their sodas while Dave switched on the TV and checked out the latest sports updates on cable.
It took about five minutes for Amy to compose herself, and she then emerged from her bedroom with, hair neatly combed, top buttoned over the black leotard, and her skirt neatly arrayed. Taking a deep breath, she mustered up all of her courage and tried to act nonchalant as she descended the stairs to face the four young men in the living room.
"Oh, there you are Dave. And boys, how nice to see you? I didn't know you'd all be here," she added with a certain cutting tone to her voice.
"Great to see you, Mrs. Hunter," Matt blurted out, earning a quick elbow in his side from Brandon.
"Hope you don't mind us hanging out here," Brandon said.
Her son seemed absorbed in the sports broadcast, signaling to Amy that nothing had been said to him about what had transpired ten minutes earlier. Breathing a sigh of relief, and seeing that the three friends were going along with the idea that nothing had happened, she smiled at them and with a slight chuckle in her throat, replied, "Of course. Always glad to have you here and keeping an eye on things."
Ryan blushed as Matt and Brandon exchanged knowing glances. And with that line, Amy went into the kitchen to retrieve her handbag and keys, then exited through the back door. But as she got into her car and set off to meet her dinner date, she knew that the most exciting part of her evening was already behind her.
******
The three friends kept their word and said nothing to Dave about their close encounter with his mom. He did notice that they seemed unusually interested in spending more time at his house, but he chalked that up to their desire to watch sports on his big screen TV and the fact that, with only one parent, there was a greater chance of them being alone in the house than at his friend's homes.
For Matt, Brandon, and Ryan, however, there was a far more important reason. Although almost never discussed among the three of them, they all readily agreed whenever one of them proposed that they hang out at Dave's house. Increasingly they timed these visits for the late afternoon and early evening, hoping to catch Amy arriving home or in the kitchen preparing dinner.
Amy, too, noticed the increased frequency of the boys' visits and knew exactly why they were showing up. At first, she was a little annoyed and debated whether or not to confront them about it. But after a week or so, it became clear that Matt, Brandon, and Ryan were content to hang out in the hopes of catching the occasional glimpse of her. And most importantly, it was obvious that they were saying nothing to Dave about the real reason they were at her house.
As she became more confident that the three friends were not going to mention their shared secret, Amy started to feel more amused and flattered by the situation. After all, all three were good looking young men, and she could see nothing harmful in having them around. In fact, she enjoyed the attention and began to realize that they were much more embarrassed by what had happened than she was. Their obvious enjoyment in looking at her was both pleasing and reassuring, since it meant that she could control any situation that might arise in the future.
Almost unconsciously, she embarked upon a subtle campaign of teasing the boys, either by accidentally brushing against one of them or trying to catch them staring at her. And she found herself deliberately giving them more to stare at!
On two separate occasions, she arrived home from work to find the group sprawled out in her living room and decided it was the perfect time to go for a jog before dinner. Changing into the skimpiest pair of shorts she could find and wearing only a sports bra, she made sure to pause as she came downstairs, then do a few leg stretches in plain sight of the boys. Still standing at the foot of the stairs, she bent over to tie her running shoes, ensuring that her back was facing the living room and knowing that just a hint of the bottom curves of her ass cheeks would be seen.
Her teasing appeared to have the desired result -- the boys continued to invent reasons to visit Dave, staying for hours whenever she was in the house. One evening after everyone had supposedly gone home for the night, she noticed that Brandon's car was still parked across the street from her house. Madison was already in her room asleep, and Dave had gone down to their basement to play a video game. Looking through the front window as she turned out the living room lights, she thought she could detect some movement inside the car and was almost certain she could see the outline of three figures.
Chuckling to herself, she headed upstairs and toward her bedroom at the back of their house, all the while devising a little trick she could play on the boys. In her room, she stripped down to her bra and panties and put on a light silk robe, tying it loosely around her waist. She then stepped out of her room and walked along the darkened upstairs hallway, entering the guest room at the front of the house.
Before turning on the light in the room, she peered out of the window into the street below. Sure enough, the car was still there, and thanks to a nearby streetlight, she was certain she could make out the three boys. Grinning devilishly to herself, she flipped on overhead light in the guest room. The now illuminated room made it easy for the boys seated in the car to detect the robed figure, and Brandon quickly elbowed Ryan. "Hey, look, it's Mrs. Hunter. Looks like we're in luck."
Matt, sitting the backseat, pressed his face against the car window. "Oh my god, is she wearing lingerie or something?"
"No," Ryan replied with a note of exasperation in his voice, "it's just some sort of robe. Don't get your hopes up, stupid."
Matt good naturedly punched Ryan in the arm as the three friends laughed.
"Wait, wait," Brandon whispered, as if he was somehow afraid Amy would overhear them. "She's doing something."
Having confirmed that the boys were in the car and certain that they would be watching her as soon as she turned on the light, Amy walked to the center of the room and, standing directly in front of the window, took off her robe and hung it over a nearby chair.
Across the street, the three boys were going crazy. In trying to keep their voices down, they seemed to be converting all their energy into restless motion, with Matt grabbing Brandon by the shoulders and shaking him and Ryan trying to squeeze over across Brandon in the driver's seat to get a better view of the Hunter's house.
"Oh my god, she's naked again," Matt practically screamed.
"You idiot!," Brandon said in a forced and overly loud whisper. "Can't you see her bra and panties?"
"Still, it's fucking incredible," Ryan added. "This is definitely our lucky night."
"No doubt about that," Brandon added with a smile. "This whole thing is so hot."
"Come on, Mrs. Hunter," Matt pleaded from the back seat. "Take something else off."
Convinced that she had the attention of all three boys, it wasn't hard for Amy to guess what they hoped would happen next. But she decided to prolong the teasing by going over to the closet and pulling out a couple of dresses, as if trying to pick one out to wear. After holding two or three up in front of her, she took one and placed it on the bed in the room. Then with her back turned to the window, she unhooked her bra and held it to her side for several seconds before letting it fall to the floor.
In the car, Matt let out a loud scream, only to be immediately silenced by Brandon and Ryan. "Shut up, stupid. The last thing we want is for anyone to notice us." Meanwhile all three sets of eyes were glued to the upstairs window, praying that Amy would turn toward the window.
Instead she took several steps toward the bed, picked up a dress and stepped into it, all the while continuing to face away from them. She then walked across the room and back, as if trying to decide if that was the outfit she wanted to wear the next day. Finally after a couple of minutes, she returned to the bed and unzipped the dress.
Removing the dress with her back still turned towards the window and still wearing only her panties, she then startled the boys by turning to her right as she picked up her robe, then hesitated just a few seconds before slipping it on. As a result, they caught just a fleeting glimpse of her right breast before the silky material covered it. She then turned to face the window, leaving the robe untied.
Across the street, the boys could just make out the inner curves of her breasts, the line of flesh visible between the parting of her robe. Amy lingered in front of the window for a few more seconds, giggling softly as she confirmed that the car was still there. She then turned and left the room, turning out the light, wondering just what the boys were saying and thinking.
In fact, the three young men were stunned. Finally, Brandon spoke up. "Oh man, that was awesome."
Matt seemed practically on the verge of tears. "I can't believe she stopped. I mean we were so close..."
"I don't know guys, but that seemed almost planned. Do you think Mrs. Hunter knew we were here?''
His two friends turned to look at him. "What do you mean by that?" Brandon asked.
"I mean I wonder if she wanted us to see her like that," Ryan said in a puzzled tone.
"Oh my god," Matt sputtered. "That's so hot."
Brandon nodded thoughtfully. "If you're right," he mused, "I wonder if she'll do that again some time."
"I really don't know," Ryan answered, with a look of admiration and excitement in his eyes. "I think we'll just have to wait and see."
*****
As the days went by, the suspense grew. Almost every evening the trio found some reason to hang out at Dave's house. But Amy was never there -- she was either staying late at work, out at the gym, or taking Madison shopping. In fact, it seemed to Amy that suddenly her daughter was more open to spending time together. And although she couldn't figure out what was behind the change, she welcomed the opportunity to connect again with Madison.
Finally things seemed to reach a breaking point with the guys. One night as they were leaving the Hunters' house after having narrowly missed Amy, they climbed into Brandon car and gave voice to their frustrations.
"I told you we should have come here earlier," Matt began to whine. "I mean, did you see Mrs. Hunter getting into her car when we pulled up?"
"How could we miss her?" Brandon growled. "Heading off to the gym in those yoga pants! My god, she's hotter than 99% of the girls on campus."
"Do you think she was wearing a thong under them?"
"We were half a block away, you idiot," Brandon added teasingly. "How could we see anything."
"Guys," Ryan chimed in. "I've been thinking about this."
"Oh, silence everybody," Matt said with a broad smile. "The professor is about to speak."
"No, seriously. I mean this is driving us all nuts, right? It's time to take some direct action."
"Such as...?" Brandon replied, clearly intrigued by what his friend was saying.
"I suggest we pay a visit to Mrs. Hunter when we know she'll be there but Dave and Madison are not."
"But what reason can we give for going there if Dave's not at home?" Matt asked.
"Maybe to look for something we left there by accident?" Ryan offered. "Like, for example, the extra set of car keys that I crammed down in the sofa cushions a few minutes ago."
"Amazing," Brandon exclaimed, his eyes wide with admiration.
Matt was slowly catching on but still seemed puzzled. "How are we going to know that Dave won't be there?"
"Well genius," said Brandon, "I wonder if we can think of something Dave is going to do that we're not." And he glared at Matt.
Slowly, the light dawned. "I get it -- the concert he's going to on Friday."
"That's right, Matthew," Ryan added with a smile. "And it just so happens that I know Madison will be at a sleepover with some of her friends because my little baby brother has been moaning that she won't be around this weekend."
"Perfect," Brandon nodded. "Let's just hope no one discovers those keys for the next few days. And if not, then I believe we have a date with Mrs. Hunter this Friday. How about I pick you all up around eight?"
"Agreed!" Matt and Ryan nodded, as the three friends shook hands, already starting to count the hours to their next visit to Amy's house.
One thing the boys hadn't counted on was the fact that the Hunters had an excellent house cleaner, Anna, who came every Thursday afternoon. Doing her usual thorough vacuuming and dusting of the downstairs rooms, Anna came across a set of car keys wedged between two sofa cushions and dutifully left them on the kitchen table with a note for Amy. "Found these in the sofa. Hope you haven't been looking for them."
When Amy arrived home that evening and saw the note, she initially was puzzled -- she knew the keys didn't belong to her or Dave, and she was certain that if any of her friends had accidentally left them at her house, they would have called immediately. Whose keys, she wondered, were these?
Suddenly it dawned on her -- they must belong to one of her son's friends. Still, it was strange that they hadn't phoned to ask if their missing keys happened to be at Amy's house. "But of course," she, "they might decide to stop by to look for them in person." A smile slowly spread across her face. "And if that's the case," she chuckled to herself, "I may just have a little surprise for them."
Over the next twenty-four hours, Amy grew more and more excited as she worked through the details of her "surprise." She knew that both her children would be out Friday night, so it seemed likely that that was when the three young men would come looking for their keys. And depending on just what time they showed up, she would be uninterrupted for several hours. "Plenty of time," she said to herself "to call their bluff. I guess you might say it's time to bring this whole thing to a climax," she added with a grin.
As excited as Amy was by Friday evening, the three boys were even more anxious as they got into Brandon's car and headed over to the Hunters' neighborhood.
"Are we sure she's alone by now?" Matt asked nervously. "It's only 8:15."
"Yes, Matt," Ryan replied patiently. "You've been asking us that for the last half hour. Remember, Dave told us he was going to drop Madison off at her friend's house for the sleepover on his way to the concert."
"And we know he left an hour ago for that."
"Oh, that's right," Matt replied with a blank stare. "But what if she's not home?"
"Then we just cruise around until she shows up," Brandon explained in a somewhat exasperated tone. "She has to come home sometime."
But as they turned onto the Hunters' street, it was clear they wouldn't have to wait. Amy's car was parked in the driveway and the house lights were on. Surprisingly, even the front door light was lit as if she was expecting company.
Brandon pulled his car to the curb across from the house in the same spot where they had sat and spied on Amy as she undressed in the upstairs window. "Oh man," he sighed, "what are we doing here? I mean, all we can do is get the keys and leave again."
"What else were you thinking would happen?" Ryan answered. "This is what we all wanted , right? Just the chance to hang around Mrs. Hunter for a little bit by ourselves. You know, talk to her a little..."
"See what she's wearing," Matt chimed in with a huge grin. "Maybe ask her what time she's going to bed tonight and could we help pick out her nightgown!"
Brandon playfully pushed against Matt. "You jerk," he said good-naturedly, "like any of us would ever have the nerve to say that. Now open the door and let's get going."
"Just be cool, guys," Ryan added, "and let's just see what Mrs. H says to us." With that, they piled out of the car and walked up to the front door.
They had to ring the doorbell twice, but finally they heard footsteps approaching from the back of the house. The door opened, and there stood Amy, still dressed for the office in a simple off-white blouse and a tight black skirt.
"Hello boys," she said, acting very surprised. "Dave's not here tonight. He went to a concert at the school," she continued with a quizzical look. "But I thought you would have known all about that."
"Oh we do, Mrs. Hunter," Ryan spoke up. "But I couldn't find my car keys and I thought I might have dropped them here."
"Well, in that case, come in," she said with a smile. "Let's take a look and see if we can find them."
"We were playing video games in your basement last time we were here," Brandon said as they entered the front hallway. "Maybe Ryan should check there."
"That sounds like a good idea," Amy responded with just the hint of a smile. "Why don't you go have a look, Ryan, and your friends can keep me company in the kitchen. I was just fixing myself a late supper."
Ryan glared at his friends, annoyed that he was being sent downstairs simply to buy them more time with Mrs. Hunter. But he couldn't really protest, so he went ahead of them through the living room and toward the kitchen, turning left and trudging down the stairs to the cellar while Amy, Matt, and Brandon continued into the kitchen at the rear of house.
"Now," Amy said, gesturing to the table and chairs in one corner of the room, "why don't you boys have a seat while you're waiting. Maybe you'd like a soda or something?"
"How about a beer, Mrs. H?" Matt blurted out with a foolish grin.
"Now Matt, you're still underage. And you don't want to get me into trouble, do you?"
"He's just an idiot, Mrs. Hunter," Brandon said shaking his head. "A cola would be great for me."
Moving to the refrigerator and pulling out two bottles of soda, she walked over and placed them on the table, slowly letting her hands slide down the necks of the bottles before releasing them. "However, I do think you're old enough to call me Amy, don't you?" she said with a just the hint of a smile as she walked back to close the door to the fridge.
Both guys eagerly grabbed the bottles, taking big gulps as if trying to steady their nerves. Just then, Ryan came stumbling up the stairs from the basement, emerging into the kitchen to find his friends seated at the table to his left and Dave's mom now standing across the room from them near the sink.
Picking up an apron from the counter, she asked, "Any luck, Ryan?"
"Umm, no. I couldn't find them down there, Mrs. Hunter. Maybe I should look..."
She cut him off. "Now I've just been through this with your friends. It seems you've been spending so much time here that you might as well call me Amy." She stopped and simply smiled at him.
"Sure, Mrs. Hunt...I mean Amy. That sounds great," and he proceeded to turn a bright shade of red and paused awkwardly.
"Well, before you continue your search, maybe you could help me?" Slipping the cloth strap at the top of the apron over her neck, she held out the sides of the apron and started to pull them around her waist. "Can you grab these strings and tie them in the back?"
Ryan took a few faltering steps toward her as Amy turned her back to him and held the strings out to her sides. The young man reached out to take them, keeping his arms almost fully extended in order to maintain a respectful distance from his friend's mother. But at the same moment, Amy moved backwards a few steps, her ass almost touching the front of his blue jeans.
"Please make sure it's good and tight," she said in a casual tone as Brandon nervously fumbled with the tie strings.
"Is that okay, Mrs. Hunter?" he said as the finished tying the apron strings. "I better go look in the living room now," he blurted out as he scurried past Amy.
Chuckling softly to herself, she turned to the counter and picked up a jar. Glancing over her shoulder, she called out, "I'm making myself some scrambled eggs with salsa. How about you boys?
"No thanks," the two boys stammered, unable to even think of eating food. Instead, they drank in the sight of the narrow portion of Amy's skirt that was visible between the sides of her apron, admiring the way the tight black fabric stretched across her ass.
While the apron covered most of her skirt, it provided only limited protection above the waist, with the sides, sleeves, and back of her white top exposed. As Amy twisted open the top of the jar of salsa, she took a quick step back, exclaiming "Oh damn."
Turning to look at the two boys, she lowered her eyes. "Pardon my language, gentlemen. But it looks like I got some of this on my shirt. Tomato stains are so hard to remove, so I better rinse it out before it sets." And with that, she put down the jar on the counter and vanished into the bathroom at the back of the kitchen. As she closed the door, the boys could hear the water begin to run.
Matt and Brandon looked at one another. "I didn't see any stain," Matt whispered to Brandon. "Did you?"
"How the hell do I know?" Brandon replied. "What did you want me to do? Ask her to show it to us?"
"Yeah, why not?" Matt grinned. He pinched the front of his shirt and pulled it away from his chest, looking down as if checking for a stain. "You know, maybe we could help her rub some cold water on it."
"You buffoon," Brandon grinned, imagining staring at Amy's chest as they looked for stains.
It was at that point that Ryan entered the room and began talking, unaware that he was alone with just his two friends. "I couldn't find my keys anywhere, Mrs. Hunter," he reported, and then looked around. "Hey guys," he said in a lowered voice, "where is she?"
"In there," Matt answered, gesturing toward the closed door of the washroom. "Got a stain on her shirt or something."
Ryan came over to where his friends were sitting and continued in a whisper. "Honest guys, I couldn't find them. They weren't there."
"Are you sure you looked in the right place?" Brandon asked.
"Absolutely. I know exactly where I put them and they weren't there."
While this conversation was going on, Amy was eavesdropping from the bathroom. She had taken off her apron, removed the top and ran water on the sleeve to remove the supposed stain, then carefully placed the shirt on a hanger that she had left in the bathroom an hour earlier. "Exactly as planned," she thought to herself as she slipped the neck strap back over her head and tied the ends of the apron strings less tightly around her waist. Checking herself out in the mirror, she smiled confidently. The apron was now loose enough that it would shift and move as she walked, and although the top panel covered the front of her chest, the sides and back of her white lacy bra could easily be seen.
Meanwhile, Brandon was grilling Ryan to make sure he had thoroughly checked the living room. "I wonder if Dave found them and was going to give them to me tomorrow", Ryan was saying as he raised his head. "We're supposed to meet ..." He stopped midsentence as he looked up, unaware until that moment that Amy had re-entered the room and taken a couple of steps toward them. She stood just behind Matt and Brandon with Ryan staring directly at her. And the first thing that registered in his mind was that something was wrong with her top.
Well, not wrong exactly, he thought to himself as his brain processed what he was seeing. Her top just wasn't there. He made a low gasping sound, swallowing hard, and involuntarily blurted out, "Holy shit."
"Don't mind me, Ryan," Amy replied calmly. "Just soaking my shirt sleeve to try to get out a nasty stain." She paused and looked at the other boys, who by now had turned around to see what had so rattled their friend. Matt's jaw dropped open, and Brandon looked stunned. "Any luck finding those keys?"
"Um, no, no I didn't," he stammered. "I couldn't find them anywhere," he replied.
"I'm not surprised," Amy said. "I think maybe you boys were just looking for an excuse to come over here." She continued talking as she walked to the refrigerator, removed two eggs and some milk, and proceeded to mix them together in a small bowl she had placed on the counter. Holding the bowl in her hand and using a fork to beat the mixture, she turned back to face and continued talking.
"Seems to me any young man who left his car keys would miss them immediately and not wait three days to get them back," she said with a mischievous smile. Fingering a gold chain that was around her neck, she tugged upwards on it until a set of keys dangling from the chain emerged from behind the front panel of her apron.
"I believe these are yours," she said with a note of triumph.
"Geez, we're sorry Mrs. Hunter," Brandon began, "but it isn't really the way it seems. I mean we weren't trying to trick you or anything."
"Brandon," Ryan interrupted, "just be quiet." He looked at his friends and shrugged his shoulders, acknowledging that they'd be busted. "Mrs. Hunter," he continued, then seeing her mouth the word "Amy", corrected himself and continued, "Amy, it's exactly like you said. I mean ever since we accidentally saw you without, I mean ever since that time you didn't know we were there and..." He paused, fumbling for words.
"You mean, when you saw me naked," she said calmly, secretly amused at how flustered all three of them were.
"Yes, ever since then, I guess we've all been a little bit crazy. I mean not that we'd ever do anything but we just kept hoping we would, um..." Once again he seemed at a loss for words.
"That you might catch me without my clothes again?" Amy suggested helpfully. "Like that night you sat outside my house peeping at me?"
"Oh shit," Matt groaned. "You saw us doing that?"
"I did, Matthew," Amy said good-naturedly. "I might even have left the curtain open knowing you were there," she suggested slyly.
"You did?" Brandon said incredulously.
Amy now had turned back casually to the stove and turned the flame on under a frying pan. Pouring the contents of the mixing bowl into it, she picked up a spatula and began to slowly stir the eggs as they cooked. "After all, you were all very good about not mentioning what had happened. "
"We would never have told anyone, Mrs. Hunter," Brandon said with great sincerity. "Never."
"And I'm grateful to you boys for that. Also, I'll let you in on a little secret that might be useful in the future. Most women enjoy knowing that men are looking at them and admiring them. Just never make it too obvious."
"We never would," Matt blurted out, eliciting a chuckle from Amy.
"Still, it seems like you three have gone to a lot of effort," she said sweetly, "just to see me naked again. Wouldn't you agree, boys?"
They were silent for ten or fifteen seconds, until finally Brandon spoke in a low voice. "I guess you're right, Mrs. Hunter. But we just kept talking about how amazing it was to see you without your clothes and it's like all we could talk about." He looked at his friends and added, "God, it sounds really creepy doesn't it."
"Yeah man," Ryan nodded as he hung his head. "Just three pathetic guys, I guess."
"I don't think so, Ryan. In fact, I'm flattered by how much this meant to you," she continued as she turned off the flame under the frying pan and served the eggs onto a plate, "and I think all that effort deserves a reward." With that she reached down to her hip and quickly tugged at the zipper on the back of her skirt. The fabric started to part, revealing the top of her white lace panties.
Picking up the plate, she turned to face the boys, and almost immediately her skirt slid down her legs and lay in a crumpled heap around her ankles. Amy carefully stepped out of it and took a step toward the counter island in the middle of the kitchen. She pulled up a stool and sat down facing the three boys.
By now, Ryan had collapsed into a chair at the table with his friends, and they all simply stared at her as she took her first taste of the scrambled eggs. "Mmm, these are good. Sure you boys don't want any?" she asked casually. "No? Well okay." She paused, deliberately looking down at her apron. "And you don't mind if I continue, do you?"
"Continue...," Ryan said in a low voice as he processed the words.
"Yes," Amy said with a grin. "But before I do, we need to come to an understanding that tonight is going to be the end of this...shall we say...adventure?" she asked.
"Absolutely, you'll never see us again," Matt said. "I mean..."
"What he means," Ryan clarified, "is that we won't be following you around and hanging outside your house trying to spy on you. But Dave is still our friend so we'll still be here occasionally."
"And I wouldn't want that to change," Amy said. "But right now, I'd like something to drink with this," and she stood up again. Turning away from them and reaching up to grab a glass from a cabinet, she treated the boys to a perfect view of the curves of her ass cheeks straining to be released from the white lace of her high cut panties. "But after tonight...," she began only to be interrupted by Ryan.
"After tonight, you'll just be Dave's mom. We promise." The three friends looked at one another, still not quite believing that this incredibly hot woman might fulfill their fantasy.
"In that case boys," she said with a wicked smile as she moved across to the refrigerator to grab the bottle of wine, "why don't you just relax while I pour some wine for myself."
As the refrigerator door swung open, the boys' view of Amy was partially blocked; only her thighs and legs could be seen below the door. Grinning to herself, she continued with a teasing tone to her voice. "And you don't mind if I make myself a little more comfortable, do you?"
With that, she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, pushing the shoulder straps down but leaving it in place with the two ends dangling out of the sides of the apron. Taking the bottle of wine in one hand and still holding her glass in the other, she emerged from behind the door and, using her hip, pushed it closed.
All three boys gasped at once as Amy looked down and gave a little shrug. "My bra seems to have come undone. I wonder if you could give me a hand, Matt?" she asked, peering directly at the hapless young man.
"Oh sure," he murmured, stumbling to his feet. "What do you want?"
"I'm not sure he knows what to do, Mrs. Hunter," Brandon interjected with a laugh. "Matt's never helped a girl with her bra in his life."
"Shut up you jerk," Matt replied testily, not willing to be teased about his lack of experience in front of this beautiful woman.
"Well, that won't be a problem," Amy replied. "I only wanted to ask him to help me take it off. Matt," she practically purred, "do you think you can just grab one of those ends and give it a little pull." She smiled innocently. "Not too fast, though."
Matt moved closer to her and reached out to grab one of the dangling ends. Ignoring Amy's advice, he nervously gave a quick tug, pulling the bra cups off her breasts as the garment slid out from under the apron. The movement also caused the apron to shift in the direction that Matt was pulling. As a result, a large portion of her right breast including the nipple sprang into view.
"Oops," Amy exclaimed good-naturedly, "I appear to be popping out a bit. As Matt stood there dumbfounded, the bra now dangling in his hand, she calmly placed the glass and bottle on the island top and, with her hands, adjusted the apron front as much as possible to cover her breasts.
Although she did manage to cover both nipples, the relatively narrow cut of the apron still left exposed the outer curves of both breasts, and from Matt's perspective, he had an unimpeded view of her side boob.
"Thank you, Matt," she said with a chuckle, as the young man continued to stare at her B cups. "Tell me, are you enjoying this?" she asked teasingly as she reached over and put her hand under his chin and raised his head so he could look at her face.
Stammered, he responded in a low voice, "I guess so."
"Guess so?" Amy exclaimed, as if her feelings were hurt. She paused, and then continued. "Undecided perhaps?" she said looking at him. Gently grasping both his hands in hers, she then guided his sweating palms under the front panel of the apron. "Maybe this will help you make up your mind?" she suggested as she placed his hands over her firm breasts. "Now what do you think?"
At this point, the only thing Matt could do was groan. Amy looked down and for the first time noticed his erection straining against the front of helpless young man's jeans. As she pushed his hands against her breasts, she could feel him involuntarily squeezing them as his legs started to shake. Amy felt her nipples growing harder against the pressure of his palms, and she realized that he was actually on the verge of coming in his pants.
Trying to save him any further embarrassment, she gently removed his hands from under her apron and tried to distract attention from his heavy breathing by addressing his two friends. "Well, I guess Matt has decided that my breasts are okay...for an old lady," she said with a smile as she looked over his shoulder at the seated figures.
Brandon's mouth was wide open, and Ryan had once again turned a bright shade of red. Amy tilted her head slightly, smiled, and added, "No comments from either of you?"
Ryan was finally able to respond. "They're just perfect, I mean you're perfect, I mean," he groaned as he tried to form a coherent thought. "I mean I just wish I was Matt."
By now, Matt's legs had finally stopped shaking, and he slowly and cautiously backed away from Amy, careful to avoid turning to face his friends. "Oh shit," he muttered under his breath, as he suddenly bolted across the room and into the privacy of the bathroom where he immediately unzipped his jeans and began stroking his swollen cock. It didn't take long -- within seconds, familiar spasms sent jets of cum shooting into the air, his groans loud enough to be heard through the closed door.
Back in the kitchen, Amy looked toward the bathroom and smiled sweetly. "I wonder what he's doing in there," she said. Then turning back to Ryan, she added, "But right now I think I better finish my dinner." With that, she returned to her stool at the island counter and picked up her fork.
The two young men sat there staring, scarcely able to believe what was happening. This incredibly attractive woman, wearing only panties and an apron and with her boobs barely contained by the apron top, was nonchalantly eating her meal as they devoured her with their eyes. From time to time, one breast would shift slightly and a hint of nipple could be seen, only to slip back under the fabric when she moved her arms again.
Sitting on one side of the island counter, Amy had pivoted so she was facing directly toward the two boys. As she finished her food and placed the plate to the side, she casually crossed her legs. This had the effect of pulling a large portion of the apron material to one side, revealing most of her right leg and hip, the side of her white lace panties clearly displayed. A low moan escaped Brandon's lips as he sunk down in his seat and stared at the soft white flesh of her thigh.
Noticing his focus, Amy took a small sip of her wine and resumed talking to the boys. "Someone seems interested in my choice of underwear," she said teasingly. "I hope you don't disapprove of white lace, Brandon?"
"Not at all, Mrs. Hunter," he said, swallowing hard. "It's my favorite."
"Oh, is it?" she replied, acting somewhat surprised. "Well, maybe you'd like to examine it more closely." With that, she got up from the stool and walked over to the table, standing directly in front of the young man.
Turning around, she thrust her ass forward slightly, exposing almost the entire back of her panties. The near transparent white lace stretched tightly across her cheeks, her ass crack clearly visible through the fabric. "Go ahead, Brandon. Why don't you take them off so you can get a better look." The boy started to raise his hand, then stopped as if he couldn't believe that we was being invited to do.
Looking over her shoulder and seeing his hesitation, she turned slightly and reached down to take his hand, placing it on her right hip under one side of the apron and hooking two of his fingers beneath the elastic waistband of her panties. "You just tug on it," she said, pushing his hand downward. "It's really not that hard, is it?" she asked teasingly.
The white lace started to inch down in a diagonal direction, lower on the right while still clinging to her left hip. Most of her right cheek came into view and the top of her ass crack appeared. Low sighs emerged from both boys as Amy coaxed her admirer. "You might want to use both hands," she suggested.
His fingers trembling, Brandon reached up and grabbed at the top of her panties near her left hip. Unable to control himself, he pulled down hard on the waist band. The panties abruptly slid down around Amy's knees, with the young man's face just a few inches away from her fully exposed ass.
In taking off her panties, Brandon had managed to push most of the apron fabric to the sides, leaving her ass cheeks on full display. The rounded bottom at the top of her thighs displayed no sag whatsoever, and the luscious curves of her 36-inch hips completed the view of her perfectly formed ass.
Slowly, the gorgeous 39-year old bent forward and moved her hips backward toward the seated boy. She could feel his hot breath against her backside as she pushed her butt closer to his mouth. Seated across the table, Ryan was left speechless at the sight of his friend's face about to be buried in Amy's ass. Then, she took a step away from them and bent over even further, giving both boys a glimpse of her pussy lips visible at the base of her ass crack.
By now, Brandon had dropped his arms to his sides and was using one hand to adjust his pants to accommodate his swollen cock. At the same time, seemingly without mercy, Amy began swaying her hips in the unmistakable motion of a lap dance, bending her knees in order to lower her ass and grind it against Brandon's aching crotch.
"Please don't, Mrs. Hunter," he moaned slightly, no longer able to control himself. "I can't, I can't, I can't..." he panted.
"Can't what?" she asked as she continued the rhythmic motion, her ass cheeks pressing against his thighs and impressive bulge.
"Can't...help...it," he stammered as he arched his back and thrust his hips upwards. Amy could feel his erection through his pants as the fabric rubbed across her pussy lips. Pressing back down against him, she sensed his spasmodic twitching that could mean only one thing.
Groaning as Amy sat on his lap, Brandon's legs trembled as he rocked back and forth. Finally, the motion ceased, and he felt his own sticky cum spreading inside his pants and eventually dripping down his thighs.
At just that moment, Matt stepped out of the bathroom, having observed most of Brandon's lap dance through the open doorway. Amy, with the apron still around her neck but hanging loosely at her sides, stood upright and looked directly at him.
"You can have a seat if you'd like, Matt. We shouldn't be that much longer," she said with a devilish grin. "But Ryan has been very patient, and he still needs to get his keys back," she added teasingly as she fingered the chain around her neck.
Brandon and Ryan had been seated at opposite ends of the table, and Amy now pulled a third chair next to Brandon's and motioned to Matt to take it. Once he was seated, she turned her back toward the two boys, swaying her hips as she walked toward Ryan. Both of them stared as her ass cheeks jiggled with each step.
Meanwhile, Ryan was fixated on Amy's breasts, noticing how they too moved as she walked, the nipples straining to peek out from behind the apron top. "Let's see," she said softly, her lips pursed. "I think this will work best if you pull your chair out here," she suggested, pointing to a spot away from the table.
Unable to disguise the bulge now fully apparent in his pants, Ryan reluctantly stood up and dragged the chair to the spot indicated. When he was seated, he realized that Amy stood directly between him and his friends, blocking their view of him. It helped to give him the sense that he was alone in the room with his dream woman, and his fantasies ran wild.
As if reading his thoughts, Amy bent her neck forward slightly and lifted the strap around her neck up over her head. Letting go of the neck strap, the apron top slowly slipped off her chest to reveal her fully exposed breasts to the young man while the bottom half of the apron remained in place.
The dark areolas were somewhat oval in shape and perfectly centered on her breasts. Her nipples, clearly stimulated by the fabric rubbing against them, were like pencil erasers standing at attention. And resting between her twin globes, Ryan's car keys dangled on the end of the gold chain.
"I guess you'd like this back," Amy teasingly asked the young man. At this point, his mouth was so dry that he didn't trust himself to speak, so he simply nodded.
In response, Amy reached behind her neck and undid the clasp on the chain. Taking the chain and keys in one hand, she started to extend her arm to offer them to Ryan when she hesitated, pulling the keys back. "Wait," she said, "that's seems too easy. I think there's a better way to do this."
With a sly grin, she looked back over her shoulder at Matt and Brandon. "You two enjoying the view back there?" she asked with a big of a giggle. As they enthusiastically responded "yes," she continued. "Well, time to let your friend have a peek as well." She turned around, her ass now thrust directly in front of the Ryan while the two other boys were treated to their first unencumbered view of her breasts.
As she continued to talk to the two, she reached behind her and looped the gold chain several times around the tie-strings at the back of the apron, letting the car keys dangle against her ass. "I hope you're enjoying this new side of me," she said as her fingers strayed across her backside and gently pushed the keys into the crack between her cheeks.
"Okay Ryan," she said, abruptly turning her head and looking over her shoulder. "Time to play hide and seek. Now you know where the keys are," she said with a wicked grin, "so why don't you go and get them."
As his hand touched her ass, Amy clenched her cheeks as hard as she could, the firm muscles resisting Ryan's prying fingers. Nervously he tried to work his way into her crack in order to grab the keys, prying and pushing harder. Suddenly, Amy relaxed her muscles and Ryan's fingers buried themselves deep into her ass, pressing against her naughtiest hole.
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry, Mrs. Hunter," he blurted out in a raspy voice.
Amy could barely stop herself from laughing, biting her lip and finally saying, "Well, did you find the keys?"
Now holding the chain and keys in his hand, he watched as his tormenter turned again to face him and, in the same motion, untied the cords that held the apron around her waist. With no neck strap left to hold it in place, the garment fell to the floor, leaving Amy totally naked in the middle of her kitchen.
A loud gasp emerged from all three boys, followed by whistles from Brandon and Matt. But Ryan, with Amy's pussy only inches from his face, was too startled to say anything.
Several weeks ago, Ryan had been able to get only the briefest glimpse of Mrs. Hunter's most intimate triangle. But now he could now clearly see the careful grooming of her dark hair, the neatly trimmed strips that ran down the sides of her lips leaving just a few tufts of hair over her mound. Her puffy lips were clearly visible from the front, the slit running for several inches before disappearing between her legs and allowing just a peek at the moist pink within. Every detail etched itself into his brain as he sat there transfixed. Nothing else mattered, and he inadvertently let the car keys slip from his hands and into his lap.
Knowing how the prolonged teasing of these three boys had excited her, Amy could sense her wetness and imagined the musky aroma of sex that by now had to be apparent to Ryan. She could barely restrain the urge to touch herself, to use her fingers to spread her lips and reveal her tiny clit straining to be seen. She started to move her hands down her sides and toward her inner thighs, when she saw the keys drop onto the boy's lap.
It was her turn to gasp softly as she noticed the remarkably large bulge in the boy's pants. Now she was the curious one, eager to find out if indeed the young man was as well endowed as it appeared. Her fingers moved from her own thighs to his, and she gently started to tug at the zipper on his jeans.
Ryan could only manage a weak gasp, then tilted his head back and closed his eyes as his rigid cock sprang free, released from the confines of his jeans. Even though it was not quite fully erect, the length and girth of Ryan's member were indeed impressive. Licking her lips, she decided this was quite possibly the largest penis she'd ever seen as she reached out and wrapped her hand around it.
Amy could now feel his cock continuing to grow as she began stroking it. With just the hint of a smile on her face, she slid her hand up and down the rigid shaft, first slowly and then more rapidly until she could see the drops of precum oozing from the tip. Ryan's breathing grew more rapid and shallow as Matt and Brandon craned their necks to try to see if what they thought was going on was really happening.
"Holy shit," Matt whispered hoarsely to Brandon, "she's giving him a hand job."
It didn't take long for Ryan to climax. Amy could see his muscles tensing in the seconds before his release and leaned back just as the first thick stream of cum shot out. Even though her face was no longer directly over his lap, a few stray drops from the first blast landed on her lips, and she eagerly licked them off while continuing to pump his cock. More strands of gooey semen continued to gush out until she completely drained him, her hand and the front of his jeans covered in his sticky cum.
Reaching down to the floor, she picked up the apron and wiped her hand on it. Ryan seemed unable to move, completely slumped down in his chair, so Amy took and few steps back and turned to face Brandon and Matt.
She took a deep breath, trying to regain her composure. "Well boys," she said looking around the room. "I think it's time for you all to head home. We now have another little secret, and I know we'll all keep this to ourselves."
For a woman standing naked in her kitchen in front of three teenagers, she managed to project a sense of control, and in a tone that demanded obedience, simply said "Good night," as she pointed to the front door.
Ryan struggled to his feet as he awkwardly tried to zip up his pants. "Here," Amy said, helpfully lending him the apron, "You can use this to clean yourself up." As his two friends led him to the front door, Ryan wiped the front of his jeans as best he could before handing the apron back to her.
"Thanks," she added with a smile, "I guess I better throw this in the laundry now while I jump into a nice warm shower."
******
The three boys were true to their vow; they never mentioned the Friday night incident to anyone, and their visits to Dave's went back to their more normal pattern. In fact, the only change in behavior that Amy noticed was her own and her daughter's.
For Amy's part, on those occasions when she did see the three boys, she found herself sneaking glances at Ryan, and particularly at one part of him. For it was truly the most impressive cock she had ever seen.
For Madison's part, her willingness to spend time with her mom continued, but it was only months later that Amy learned the reason behind the change in attitude.
"You know Mom," Madison remarked casually one evening when they were watching TV together, "Alex keeps telling me how lucky I am to have such a cool mom. I guess I didn't always realize that."
"Ah sweetheart," Amy said, as they snuggled closer. "All kids are like that. I don't think I wanted anything to do with my mom for years," she recalled with a laugh. "But I'm flattered that Alex said that." She paused a moment and then added, "You know, I feel like I barely know him. I wonder how he ever got that impression of me."
"Oh I'm sure he heard it from his brother. Alex really looks up to him, so if Ryan said it, Alex would believe it."
Amy smiled slowly, amazed at the way things sometimes work out.