This story is a work of fiction. Some real institutions are mentioned, but they are used fictitiously. Insofar as the author knows, no real person affiliated with any of those institutions has ever behaved as described in this story. Any similarities between any character in this story and any real person are coincidental and unintended. I encourage comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable. Thank you for reading.
________________
I had always had a distrust and, perhaps, fear of doctors. Annual check-up? Not after I was done playing ball in college. I suffered through a lot rather than go to a doctor to seek treatment. However, my problem with my left leg gave me no choice. There were days when I simply could not walk.
I had used modest athletic talent and good grades to get a football scholarship to a school with a great academic reputation. I picked up some muscle and a bit of quickness in college and, thanks to outstanding coaching, was a starter as the blocking tight end my senior year. I had also managed to maintain the good grades. I was never remotely a candidate for the NFL but, I think, playing college ball helped me get into law school. Sadly, an auto accident deprived me of both parents while I was in law school. However, the settlement with the company whose truck killed my parents paid for law school with a bit left over.
I had done well in law school, but my law school wasn't prestigious enough that I could go on to one of the big money law firms in New York, D.C., or Chicago. Thanks to some sympathetic friends of my parents who were politically connected, I was hired to work on the civil side of a county prosecutor's office in Southwestern Ohio, where I was from. The work, advising and representing various county offices, was reasonably interesting. The benefit package was good. The hours were regular. I had plenty of time to work out. I was content.
I had been dating an attractive and ambitious young woman who was an associate attorney at one of the City's big law firms. She dumped me, saying "you're perfectly happy being an Assistant Prosecutor!" I didn't see that as a failing on my part. A couple of months later, I began noticing pain at the top of my left leg when I ran. It wasn't serious and I figured it would improve over time. Wrong.
The pain got so bad that I took a break from running. That didn't help. Within a month, it was painful to walk or even to sit at my desk. In addition to my general aversion to doctors, I was reluctant to see someone about this because the pain was located at the inside top of my thigh, just to the left of my balls. I really didn't want some old guy doctor playing around there.
I realized I had to see someone when I got out of bed one morning. I swung my feet to the floor and tried to stand. The knifing pain just left of my groin was so bad that I collapsed on the floor and barfed.
The County's health insurance required me to see an in-network family practice physician. Of course, I didn't have a doctor. After getting a list from County HR, I called around until I lucked out and found one who had a cancelled appointment late that afternoon. Thankfully, grey-haired Dr. Ralph Peterman kept his hands off my balls. He gave me painkillers and had me undergo an MRI. After seeing the MRI report, he referred me to an orthopedic specialist, Dr. K. Saunders.
A couple of excruciating weeks later, I was sitting in an exam room in a newish, three story office building near the university that housed Saunders & Saunders PSC and a physical therapy facility. An exceptionally beautiful woman walked into the room. She was tall, close to six feet, slender, and had straight brown hair that framed a thin model's face. The obligatory white lab coat she wore didn't allow for conclusions about her figure, but I guessed it was nice from the graceful and confident way she moved. Behind her was a shorter, younger blonde whose light blue scrubs outlined her large breasts and flat stomach. The woman in the white coat said, "Hello Mr. Mueller. I'm Kate Saunders. This is my assistant Terry." Dr. K. Saunders had a dazzling smile.
Dr. Saunders took a complete history of my problem. Unlike the few doctors I'd seen before, she made me think she was actually listening to me. She thought for a couple of minutes after I finished. Then, she said, "I've seen the report from the MRI Dr. Peterman ordered. I think I know what is going on, although I've not treated a condition exactly like this before. I'd like to feel the muscles at the top of your thigh. Would you please take your pants and underwear off and get on the exam table."
"But . . ." I started to say.
Dr. Saunders smiled. "Yes," she said, "you'll be naked from the waist down. I assure you that Terry and I have seen many naked men. This is necessary to confirm my diagnosis." She stopped talking and just looked at me.
"Well, shit," I thought, "this is what I get for seeing a doctor." Still, it hurt just sitting in the chair and I clearly wasn't getting any treatment unless I exposed myself to the two women. I stood up, painfully, and slid off my shoes. Bracing myself against a counter with my left hand, I undid my belt and my trousers with my right. I lowered the zipper until my pants fell to the floor.
Trying to push the elastic waistband of my boxers down with only one hand was a bigger challenge than I expected. Dr. Saunders said, "Terry, will you please help Mr. Mueller get his underwear off." With a smile, the sexy young blonde stepped in front of me, put a hand at each of my hips, and swiftly pushed my boxers down below my knees.
I don't have an extraordinarily long dick. However, what girlfriends have told me and what I sort of noticed myself in locker rooms is that my dick is thicker, has a larger diameter, than a lot of guys. As my boxers fell to my ankles, Terry said, "Oh my!"
"Terry, please help Mr. Mueller onto the table," Dr. Saunders said. To me, she said, "Mr. Mueller, you have no reason to be ashamed of people seeing your naked body. You are a well-built man." With an arm around my shirttails, Terry helped me step onto a low stool and then sit on the exam table. "Please lie back and spread your legs," Dr. Saunders said. After a moment of hesitation, I did. Dr. Saunders said, "Terry would you please hold Mr. Mueller's penis and testicles to his right?"
"Gladly," Terry replied. I felt her soft warm hands gently grasp my dick and balls and move them away from my left thigh. Dr. Saunders probed with her fingers at the very top of my thigh. I was beginning to like this trip to the doctor when Dr. Saunders pushed at a different spot on the top of my thigh. She didn't push hard, but the pain caused me to yelp and my body jerked, causing my dick to slide a little in Terry's hand.
"I'm sorry," Dr. Saunders said. "I need to probe this area a bit further. It will probably hurt some more. Terry, please keep him out of my way." I felt Terry's hand on my dick tighten although, thankfully, she kept a loose hold on my balls. Dr. Saunders probed some more. It hurt. I bit my lip hard enough to draw blood.
Although it seemed like forever, it probably only took Dr. Saunders a few seconds to finish her examination. I was still lying on my back, with tears in my eyes, when she finished. "Painful?" Dr. Saunders asked. I nodded. "Terry, please get him something." Terry left the room but returned in a couple of minutes. She showed the pills in her hand to Dr. Saunders. Dr. Saunders asked me "you didn't drive yourself here, did you?" I shook my head. "Good," she said. "Take this." Terry handed me two pills and then a paper cup of water.
"You have an unusual muscle spasm," Dr. Saunders said. "Typically, a muscle spasm lasts a relatively short period of time and the question for us is what caused the spasm and how do we prevent a recurrence. In your case, the spasm has not relaxed but has gotten tighter and appears to be inducing spasm in surrounding muscles. We'll have to identify the cause. The first step is to relax the spasm and heal any damage resulting from it. I'm going to prescribe a muscle relaxant. I can't make it too powerful or you'd not be able to take care of yourself. I want you to get physical therapy, stretching exercises, strengthening that part of your body, and some massage. I want the therapist to study how you move to see if we can figure out what caused this. You can go anywhere you wish for the therapy. It will be easier for me if you use our physical therapy here. I know our therapists so their observations will have more meaning to me, and I talk with them daily."
After four days on the meds, I could walk relatively pain free. That was good because I was due for my first physical therapy session. I in the physical therapy waiting room when a low, sexy female voice called, "Mr. Mueller?" I looked up. I had thought Dr. Saunders was a beautiful woman and that her assistant was sexy. The woman coming towards me as I slowly stood made the Doctor and her assistant seem plain by comparison.
April Webb was my therapist. April explained that she would be working with me throughout my therapy. I had no complaint about that. April was late 20s, just a few years younger than me. She was about 5'8" with copper-colored hair. Her face showed a few freckles. She had prominent check bones, a strong chin, a wide smile, and two large green eyes that seemed to draw you in. Her top and yoga pants outlined an athletic figure. Our relationship would, of course, be strictly professional; but I was looking forward to getting to know April Webb a little.
April put me through a course of stretching exercises followed by some, to me rather odd, resistance exercises for my legs. I had to do this therapy with April three times a week. As we worked together, I discovered that April was bright, observant, kind, and funny. She had a gift for making you feel like you were the most important person in her world. I became very attracted to April. I began thinking she was attracted to me but dismissed that as self-delusion. She just had a good manner with patients. Besides, a woman as gorgeous as April, with her personality, was undoubtedly taken.
During the last session of my second week of therapy, April said, "now that we have you loosened up a bit, Dr. Saunders wants to start massage therapy on the area of the spasm."
"Who does that?" I asked.
April smiled. "I do," she said, "I'm also a licensed massage therapist."
Given where the spasm was located, that brought me up short. April read my concern in my face. "You can wear a jock strap if you like," she said.
"I didn't bring one," I replied. I typically wore compression shorts.
April's smile broadened. "In that case," she said, "I guess I'll get to see that bulge in your shorts uncovered." That was unnerving but, as we continued through the session, I also found myself excited at the idea of exposing myself to April. Was I a weirdo?
When the main part of the session was over, April told me to take a shower. "Dry yourself off well. Just wrap a towel around yourself. I'll be waiting here in the hall."
I did as I was told. It was a little scary, and exciting, to step from the locker room into the hallway wearing just a towel. I followed April down the hall. Of course, twice as we were walking, we met other women who worked at the facility. Both times, the other woman looked at me and smiled. "I think you're becoming popular here," April quipped.
At the far end of the hall, April pushed open a door and held it. I walked into a small room with the lights set low. In the center of the room was a massage table with a sheet covering it. April came in behind me and closed the door. "Ok, Peter," she said, "time to lose the towel."
I paused for a second, then untied my towel and tossed it on a low cabinet against the wall. April looked at me for a moment. "Damn, Peter," she said, "I should have made you walk down here nude. Sheila and Carrie would have fallen in love. You have a great body."
"Thanks," I said. I'd never really thought about a guy as having a great-looking body.
"Ok," April said, "lie down on your back." Once I had done that, April looked down at me. With a slight smile, she said, "for me to access the site of the spasm, I'm going to have to hold your, uh," April said, nodding her heads towards my dick. "Is that ok?"
Something in April's tone made me relax and feel more confident. "Yeah," I said, "I'm ok with a beautiful woman holding my dick."
"Beautiful woman?" April said. We looked in each other's eyes for a long moment. Something passed between us that got me thinking maybe April did like me. Finally, April grinned and said, "if you're lobbying for a happy ending, I can't do that, at least not on company time."
April's massage focused entirely on the area I had injured. Unlike Dr. Saunders' probing, April inflicted no pain at all. Of course, having her hold my dick was also nice. After half an hour, April stopped and said, "that will do it." She paused and added, "when we've got more time, maybe I can give you a full massage."
"On or off company time?" I asked.
April giggled. "We can negotiate that," she replied.
Once I was consistently pain free, April put me on a treadmill to assess whether my running stride may have contributed to my problem. April kept me there about twenty minutes, having me run at every pace from a jog to a sprint. When I got off, she asked "have you always run like that?"
"Yeah," I said.
"And you played football through college?" she asked.
"Yes," I replied.
"I'm surprised it took you this long to have a serious problem," April said. "Your stride sucks. Maybe we should have you swim for your aerobic workout. Bring swim trunks for our next session."
"Damn," I said, "I haven't swum in years."
April smiled and said teasingly, "so, I'll have to give you swim lessons?"
At our next therapy session, April had me put on swim trunks. I hadn't known there was a 25-meter pool in the basement of the building. April took me there and said, "stay here. I'll be back in a few minutes."
April came back into the pool area several minutes later and my jaw almost dropped. She had changed into a dark green one-piece swimsuit that perfectly set off her copper hair. It fit her tightly enough that April's nipples were clearly outlined. The suit was cut high on her hips, which served to direct my eyes to the small bit of dark green material between her thighs. In short, April looked sexy as hell.
April had me swim a couple of laps freestyle while she watched. She liked my swimming technique more than my running technique. However, she still had corrections. Having April standing next to me in the water touching my arms and legs to show the movements she wanted me to make, in that suit, was exciting.
I had two months of therapy with April. That included more swimming and several more massages. There had been a definite rapport between us since the first massage. However, things had not gotten any more intimate. I was afraid to be the aggressor out of fear I was misinterpreting the situation.
My last therapy session with April was the first Friday in May. I was scheduled for an appointment with Dr. Saunders after therapy. As I was leaving to go to the Doctor's office in another part of the building, April said, "Damn. You never got to see the spa. What are you doing tonight Peter?"
When the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen asked what I was doing that night, there was only one possible answer: "I don't have anything planned."
"Great!" April said. "We close at 5:30. Can you be back at 6:30?"
"Sure," I replied.
Dr. Saunders complimented me on how well I did in therapy. "April Webb is outstanding," I said, "all credit goes to her."
Dr. Saunders looked at me for a moment with a slight smile. "April is a very special person," she agreed. She made some notes on my chart and wrote her signature. Closing the chart, she said, "there. You're as good as we can make you. You are discharged as a patient. Congratulations."
"Thank you, Doctor," I said. "In one sense, I'm sad about that. I really came to look forward to coming here to see April and, of course, you."
"Thank you, Peter," Dr. Saunders said. "You never know. You may see us again."
The lights in the physical therapy facility were off and the front door was locked when I came back at 6:30. I knocked and, after a moment, April came to the door, still in the tee shirt and yoga pants she wore for work. She was smiling as she unlocked the door. "I'm so glad you came back," she said.
"You thought I wouldn't?" I asked.
"I was afraid you wouldn't," April replied.
"Why?" I asked.
"Because I wanted you to come here tonight and I'm used to being disappointed," April replied.
"I'll try hard not to disappoint you," I said.
April gave me a hug, our first. Her body felt, well, wonderful. She held me for a moment before saying, "Ok, I'll hold you to that. Now, come on!"
I followed April's perfectly shaped ass, plainly outlined in the yoga pants, through the unlit reception area to the stairs to the basement. At the bottom of the steps, April turned left as we had done when I was going for massage. She stopped at a room I'd never been in and opened the door. There was a slight smell of chlorine. April turned on the lights. We were in a wood paneled room. Set in the center of the floor was a spa or jacuzzi that looked large enough for about four people.
April flipped a switch on the wall and the water started bubbling. "Give it a couple of minutes to warm up," April said. "You can hang your clothes over there," she said, pointing to a row of hooks mounted on the wall. "Nudity is required in the spa. Something about lint clogging up the pump. I'll be back in a minute." With that, April turned and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.
I had gotten so used to being naked around April during my therapy that I didn't think twice about undressing that evening. Nude, I got into the spa. There was a built-in bench I could sit on with the water just below my shoulders.
I sat in the spa by myself facing the door. I'm guessing about five minutes passed before the door opened again. In the doorframe stood the most beautiful sight I have ever seen: April Webb completely nude. The neatly trimmed triangle between her thighs confirmed that she was a natural redhead. Above that was a flat stomach below large, firm breasts which looked completely natural. Her hips flared alluringly but not too wide. Her legs were firm but not overly muscular. Over the course of my therapy I had, naturally, imagined April in the nude. The reality was much nicer than I had imagined.
April was smiling. She stood in the doorframe, letting me look. After a moment, she said, "like I said, nudity is required in the spa; although it isn't coed during business hours."
"April," I stammered, "you are, uh, wow!"
"Thank you," April replied. "You've been nude in front of me so often over the last couple of months that it only seemed fair. Besides, I like being seen with nothing on."
"You should," said. "You are a very beautiful woman clothed but that doesn't begin to compare with your beauty naked."
"You really think I look good naked," April said in a flirting tone. I just nodded. "That's good," she said. "May I sit next to you?" I nodded again.
April got into the spa and sat so that our shoulders, hips, and thighs were touching. She said, "you said that I look better with nothing on. You do too, you know." She sounded so sincere that my ego got a significant boost. Still, I needed to be careful rather than overconfident. I wasn't sure where this was going, but it seemed promising. I didn't want to screw up.
April put a hand gently on my chest. "The other thing is that your body feels so good," she said. She moved her hand down and gently put it around my wrist. "Would you like to feel mine?" April asked. I nodded. She raised my hand to her left breast and held my hand against her. Her breast more than filled my hand. It felt soft and warm and wonderful. We looked in each other's eyes as she held my hand against her. Then, April leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. After a moment, both of our lips parted, and our tongues made contact.
I was starting to think that my fantasies about April were going to be realized when I heard a noise at the door. We broke our kiss and turned our heads towards the door. Dr. Saunders was standing in the doorframe wearing a long terrycloth robe. Next to her, also in a robe, stood a tall, slender man with short blond hair.
"Hi Kate. Hi Jeremy," April said. "I'm glad you could make it."
"Uh," Dr. Saunders said as she walked to the clothes hooks. "After this week, a good soak is exactly what I need." She casually took off her robe and hung it up. Dr. Saunders had a smooth back that descended to a small, tight ass. Much of her height was in her legs, which were smooth, slender, and elegant. She turned to face us revealing small breasts, a flat stomach, and a small brown landing strip between her legs.
The man with Dr. Saunders had undressed too. He was thin but had well-defined muscles. When he faced us, I couldn't help noticing that he had a slender dick that seemed abnormally long. Dr. Saunders said, "Peter, I don't believe you've met my husband and partner Jeremy."
"Kate and Jeremy practice together. They own the physical therapy clinic and this building," April informed me.
It seemed like the proper thing to do, so I got out of the spa and, dripping, walked to where the Doctors Saunders were standing. Handshakes had become socially acceptable again, so I extended my hand and shook Jeremy Saunders'.
As we stood nude on the floor surrounding the spa, Kate Saunders said, "My recollection was correct. Peter, you are an attractive man in the nude." My ego got another boost.
That comment, I thought, gave me the opportunity to look at Dr. Saunders' nude body openly, which I did. While she did not, in my opinion, have the same compelling appeal April had, Dr. Saunders was a beautiful woman whose beauty was enhanced by removing her clothes. "I don't know a lot of doctors," I replied, "but I have to believe that you are one of the most beautiful."
"THE most beautiful," Jeremy Saunders interjected with a smile.
I got back in the spa next to April. Kate and Jeremy Saunders sat across the spa from us. The spa was small enough that our feet were touching, which made the experience seem more intimate. I soon noticed that Kate and Jeremy each seemed to have a hand in their spouse's lap. April noticed that too. Under the water, she took my right hand and placed it on her vulva. She then moved her left hand between my thighs and cupped my balls. That was very nice. April spread her thighs a little and I began running my index finger along her outer lips.
I had just started to finger April's clit when a chime sounded. "That's the food," Jeremy said.
"April, could you and Peter run up and get it?" Kate asked. "Don't rush, I'm sure they know we're probably somewhere in the bowels of the building."
"Sure," April said, letting go of my balls and getting out of the spa. She grabbed a towel from a stack on a stool and started toweling off. "Come on Peter!"
I got out of the spa and started to towel off. After a minute, April said, "that's good" and took my hand. She started out the door with nothing on, pulling me behind her.
As we went out the door, Kate Saunders said, "put it in the break room. We'll be there in a moment."
Nude, April and I went upstairs and through the reception area. The front door was clear glass. I could see a man and a woman standing outside holding aluminum trays covered with foil. April unlocked the door and opened it. "Hey Joy, Dominick," she said, "how are you?"
"Good," the woman said as she handed me a tray.
"April, you're looking beautiful as always," the man said as he stacked his tray on top of the one the woman had handed me.
"Thanks Dom," April said. "This is my friend Peter. Hopefully, you'll being seeing him here a lot."
"Just a minute," Joy said. "I need to get the plates, utensils, salad, and wine." She walked to a van parked in the fire lane in front of the building and took two large bags from the back. She came back and handed the bags to April.
"We're good?" April asked.
"Dr. Saunders' credit is fine with us," Dominick replied.
I followed April back through the reception area and downstairs. It was getting darker inside, forcing me to concentrate on where April walked. Of course, that meant I was also seeing her bare ass. April's ass was painfully beautiful and alluring.
April led me into another room where we set out the food and two bottles of Italian red wine. A few moments later, Kate and Jeremy walked in. Neither had bothered to put their robes back on. Jeremy opened a drawer, pulled out a corkscrew, and said, "it's after 5:00. I think it's time for wine."
The food was surprisingly good. As we ate, Jeremy said, "one nice thing about being the owner is you can have dinner in the nude if you want to."
"Peter," Kate Saunders asked, "what do you think about dining in the nude?"
"I suspect it may depend upon with whom you re dining," I replied. Looking at April, I added, "in this company, I like it a lot." April smiled at me.
We ate, drank, and talked. Rather than sit at the tables, I noted that Kate, Jeremy, and April all sat in chairs where they were fully exposed. As they sat, it seemed they were making a conscious effort to keep their legs spread. After a few minutes sitting at a table, I became self-conscious so I moved my chair where they could see all of me.
We finished eating and sat in a rough circle, facing each other, as we had another glass of wine. "April," Kate Saunders asked, "what do you think of Peter's penis?"
"Well," April said, "I haven't felt it, yet, but the shape and thickness look very appealing."
"Do you care that he is circumcised?" Kate asked.
"I like that," April said. "I like that his head is exposed."
"Peter," Kate asked, "are you bothered or excited that we are looking at and talking about your penis?"
To my surprise, I was feeling quite pleased that two very lovely women were looking at my dick and discussing it. I was even more pleased that April seemed to like it. "Well, this may sound weird," I said, "but I'm enjoying it."
"It doesn't sound weird to us," Jeremy said.
Kate Saunders stood up. "Jeremy," she said, "we have a drive to the farm. We'd better get going."
"Do you want to dress first?" Jeremy asked.
"No," his wife answered. "April, Peter, I'm glad we had this opportunity. We'd like to talk with both of you further. Could you come out to the farm tomorrow, let's say between 11:00 and noon?" A look passed between Kate and April that made me think something had been pre-arranged.
I hesitated a moment, mainly because I knew saying yes would get me into something and I didn't know what. April reached out, took my hand, and said "please Peter!"
April looked so wonderful, and the idea that she wanted me to go anywhere with her was so flattering, that I immediately said, "Sure. I'd love to."
"Thank you," Kate Saunders said. "You will be glad that you did. April, we need to get going. Would you and Peter clean up? Take that unopened bottle home with you."
Cleaning up consisted of putting the trays, plates, cups, and utensils in a garbage bag and taking the bag out to the dumpster behind the building. April and I did that together nude. April was careful to make sure the building door was unlocked. It felt surprisingly good to be standing outside, naked, in the heart of the city.
When we finished cleaning up, April said, "Kate and Jeremy's farm is about an hour's drive. If we're going out there tomorrow morning, it might make more sense for you to stay over at my place tonight."
April's meaning was clear. I didn't hesitate. "That sounds like a smart idea," I said.
April lived only a few blocks from Dr. Saunders' facility. As soon as I was inside her apartment, April said, "I really like you better with nothing on."
"That's easily accommodated," I replied. I undressed in her living room. April was in the shirt and yoga pants she wore at work. "I like you better naked too," I said.
April smiled, cocked a hip, and said, "well, then, take these clothes off me."
I stepped to her and took the hem of her shirt in my hands. As I pulled it up, April raised her arms. Once I had her shirt off, I bent and kissed each of her nipples.
I squatted down, put a hand on each of her hips, and rolled her yoga pants down her body. When I got them to her ankles, April raised her feet one at a time so I could get the pants completely off. Before I stood back up, I leaned forward and kissed her neatly trimmed red triangle.
When I stood straight, April squatted down so that my dick was right in front of her face. She looked at me for a moment, then kissed my dickhead. Looking up at my face, April said, "I think this is so attractive. We should take pictures and put them on billboards."
I bent forward slightly, put my hands under April's shoulders, and raised her up until she was standing. As I put a hand between her legs, I said, "I can't reach you when you're down there." I started fingering her.
"Oh," April said, "you want to play in there? It's nothing special."
"I think it's very special," I replied.
"Well," April said, "I think you have something special you can put in there." She wrapped a hand around my dick and led me to her bedroom.
In her bedroom, April and I fondled, kissed, and licked. I was already hard. When April decided she was ready, she had me sit on the bed. She sat on the bed facing me, put her legs over mine, and slid forward until I slid inside her. I had never fucked in a sitting position before. It was good in terms of being able to look at April, kiss her, and suck her nipples. I didn't, however, have the leverage to move my dick inside her with any force. Understand, being in that position with April Webb was good. I was trying to think how to make it better.
After a few minutes, April slid away from me and said, "let's try this." She lay on her back, spread her legs apart, and pulled them up to her chest. I got on my knees above her, lowered myself a little, and pushed into her. I was used to fucking more or less horizontally. In this position, I was more moving up and down inside April. It felt good, in part, because April's cunt seemed tighter around me.
On my third or fourth thrust down, April squealed "there! Right there!" I kept pushing my dick against that same spot and she began pushing her hips up to meet me. There was a look of sheer joy on April's face. Either she was a great actress, or I was doing something right. That gave me the confidence to do it more assertively. "This . . . is . . . getting . . . really . . . good," April gasped between deep breaths. I agreed. It was getting very good.
April Webb was not the first woman I'd had intercourse with. As you may find out through this story, she also wasn't the last. April felt different, and better, than any other woman I've experienced. I slowed my pace to make our sex last longer. "No!" April exclaimed. "More! Faster! Make me come right now!"
I did as I was told. I plunged down into April as far, hard, and fast as I could. I hoped it was stimulating April because I was close to coming. April's hips started bucking with enough force that she was lifting me up slightly. Her legs closed tightly around my neck. She took several very sharp breaths. I came as she emitted a long moan.
It was all I could do not to simply collapse on top of April. I did lean down and kiss her before I pulled out. "That was good," she said, "but, if we practice a lot, I'll bet we can make it better." That was practice I was looking forward to.
I lay beside April. Once we'd both caught our breath, she asked, "Peter, did you ever fantasize about me while I was giving you treatment?" I didn't want to be dishonest with her, so I admitted that I had. "Did you jerk off thinking about me?" Again, I nodded affirmatively. "What were your fantasies?"
"Basically, I fantasized about what we just did," I replied.
"Was the real thing as good as your fantasies?" April asked.
"Much better," I answered.
"Good answer," April said smiling. "You know," she added, "I fantasized about you too."
"Really?" I asked in genuine disbelief.
"Yeah," April said, "I fantasized that you and I were walking downtown. It was summer around lunch time and everyone was out. We were walking along completely nude and everyone was looking at us. You had a beach towel. We went to the square. You spread out the towel. We got on it and fucked. Everyone watched us while they ate their lunches. It was so hot!"
"That's a hell of a fantasy," I said.
"It would be great to actually do," April replied. Oddly, I found myself agreeing with her.
The next morning, we stopped briefly at my apartment downtown so I could change out of the suit I had worn on Friday. More appropriately dressed in a polo shirt and jeans, I sat on the passenger side of April's car as we drove east from the city for about an hour. April had insisted on driving.
The Saunders' "farmhouse" was a relatively new mansion which sat on a small hill about a quarter mile off the road. The house and grounds immediately around it were screened from the road by a solid wall of evergreens. "They call it a farm," April said, "but they don't grow anything and the only animals they keep are a couple of cats."
"Do you come out here often?" I asked.
"Pretty often," April replied. "It's a lovely place and I've become very close to Kate and Jeremy." I must have reacted to that because April added, "we'll explain it to you."
We came up the hill, curved behind the trees, and parked in front of a three-car garage. "I'm sure Kate and Jeremy are out by the pool," April said. That made sense because it was a warm day. I followed April along a concrete walk that led behind the house.
The pool was quite large. Off to one side was a built-in grill. On another part of the deck was a spa. Close to the door to the house, there appeared to be a wet bar. At first, I didn't see anyone. Then, I became aware of Kate Saunders climbing up the ladder out of the pool. The water had pushed her hair back away from her lovely face. Her appearance was made more striking by the fact, not entirely surprising, that she was nude.
As she picked up a towel, Kate called "Jeremy, April and Peter are here."
Jeremy Saunders walked out from the house. He was also nude. "It's good to see you again," he said.
"Take your clothes off and get comfortable," Kate said as she set her towel down. I turned to see that April had already taken off her shirt and was unbuttoning her shorts.
"When in Rome..." I thought. I kicked off my shoes and began removing my own clothes.
When April and I were both undressed, she came next to me and put her arm around my lower back. "April," Kate asked, "how did that fat penis feel?"
"Wonderful," April replied.
"Peter, how was April's tight vagina?" Kate asked. I had noticed that she never used slang terms for genitalia.
"April is the most exquisite woman I've ever been with," I replied. That earned me a kiss.
"Sit down," Kate said, "and we'll explain why we asked you here." We followed Kate to a small circle of patio chairs. April and I sat next to each other. Kate and Jeremy sat facing us. I noticed that, like the night before, April, Kate, and Jeremy seemed to make a point of keeping their legs spread apart. When we were seated, Kate said, "April, would you like to start?"
"Peter, I hope you won't think less of me after I tell you this," April said. She took a breath. "When I was in high school, I did gymnastics. I assume you know those leotards female gymnasts wear in competition. They are tight. Your legs are bare, and the leotards are cut high on the hips, emphasizing your mound and ass. They aren't indecent, but you are show a lot. It turned me on knowing that people were seeing so much of my body when I competed. That got me thinking it would be fun to do a competition with nothing on."
April took another deep breath and resumed her story. "I knew my senior year would be my last year of competitive gymnastics. I wasn't good enough to make a college team and I had to go to college. I started talking to the other girls on the team, saying 'wouldn't it be fun if we could go to a meet and do all our routines naked.' A couple of the girls called me sick and started avoiding me. However, one of my teammates, Sherry Combs, came to me after a practice and said she had been thinking the same thing. The more we talked about it, the more we felt it was something we simply had to do."
Jeremy interrupted, saying "I'm being a bad host. May I get you something to drink? Beer? Wine? Lemonade? Ice water?" April and I asked for ice water. Kate asked her husband to get her a glass of wine.
When Jeremy had brought the drinks, April continued. "We couldn't go naked in a real competition. We figured out how to get into the gym at night without breaking anything. We decided we'd go in on a Saturday night and do our routines on all the apparatus nude. Of course, it wouldn't be any fun if no one saw us, so we got a bunch of our friends, girls and guys, to come watch. Peter, doing those routines naked, being completely exposed to my friends, was almost as arousing as what we did last night. Watching Sherry was pretty hot too."
April took a sip of water. "You probably already guessed, one of our friends told one of their friends what we'd done. Their friend told her parents who called the school. We tried to deny it. We didn't know there were security cameras in the gym that were on at night. It wasn't high quality video, but it was clear enough to see that Sherry and I were naked, and our friends were watching us. Everyone got in trouble, but Sherry and I were suspended. I had to take a summer school class to graduate in time to start college that fall."
April took another breath. "I behaved myself in college, but I couldn't forget the thrill I got that night. After I graduated, I went to work for Kate and Jeremy. Maybe you two should pick up the story from there."
"Well," Kate Saunders said, "I was raised a nudist. I always prefer to be naked. I started dating Jeremy when we were in college and I corrupted him."
"I didn't take much," Jeremy interjected. "If I had to strip off to see her naked, that was a small price to pay."
"I won't bore you with our professional histories," Kate said. "Suffice to say that Jeremy and I married and started our practice about ten years ago. When we started looking for an in-house physical therapist five years ago, April applied. She had good grades and references and we were kind of bowled over by her personality."
"And her physical beauty," Jeremy added.
"I understand that," I commented.
"Anyway" Kate resumed, "we liked April enough that we wanted to be social friends with her. Most of our social activities, at least the ones we enjoy, we do nude. I started talking to April at the office about skinny dipping. She seemed enthusiastic."
"I was thrilled to learn that both of my bosses skinny dipped," April said.
"We invited her and her boyfriend out here one Saturday," Kate said. "That was, what, four years ago?" April and Jeremy nodded. I was more focused on the "boyfriend." As beautiful as she was, I suspected that April had a boyfriend.
"I came out here with Frank," April said. "That was who I was dating at the time."
"Jeremy and I were naked when they got here just like we were when you arrived today," Kate said.
"And I couldn't get my clothes off fast enough," April added with a laugh.
"The problem was Frank," Jeremy said.
"Frank just stood there looking at the three of us naked," April said. "That was cool. I like people looking at me when I'm naked, but I was expecting Frank to strip off too."
"Frank didn't undress," Kate said. "In fact, he only said one word."
"Frank looked at me and sort of spat the word 'slut,'" April said. "Then he got in his car and drove off, leaving me here."
"April was a little upset by that," Kate said. "We went out of our way to try to make her feel better."
"What Kate means," April said, "is that I stayed here the rest of that weekend. The three of us had every kind of sex together we could think of."
"We've had a recreational sexual relationship ever since," Jeremy said. "That seemed somewhat unfair to April. I love her and, as you know, she's a wonderful sexual partner; but my primary commitment is to Kate."
"We've been looking for a partner for April," Kate said. "Someone who will commit to her but whom Jeremy and I like and who will share our lifestyle. Peter, you impressed me from our first consultation. You seemed intelligent, polite, and you seemed comfortable being exposed to Terry and me. Jeremy and I asked April to do your PT in the hope that something would spark between you two. We were thrilled when April told us she was attracted to you."
Kate stopped talking. There was a long silence. Finally, I said, "this has been interesting to listen to, and I do not think less of you April. What I've heard makes me admire you more than I did when we got here. I'm curious though. I sense there is something you three have in mind going forward."
"Very perceptive Peter," Jeremy said.
"Peter," Kate asked, "are you willing to make a commitment to April? I don't mean get on your knee and propose, but are you willing to be her partner for the long term?"
I looked at April. This was very unexpected and abrupt, and not the way I thought relationships developed. On the other hand, I'd never met a woman remotely comparable to April Webb and doubted that such a woman existed. Answering Kate's question was easy. "April is an extraordinary person," I said, "and the most physically beautiful woman I've ever seen. I absolutely make that commitment to her if she makes the same commitment to me."
"I do Peter," April said.
"That's not all Peter," Kate said. "April told you about her exhibitionist experience."
"I want to show off more," April said.
"We want to help her and join in her in that. We want you to join in too,'" Kate said. "Of course, part of that will be, at least, intercourse and oral sex."
"Among all four of us?" I asked.
"Yes, for health reasons, we want to keep the sexual contact just between the four of us," Kate replied. "I assume you're straight and I know Jeremy is, so we don't expect any guy-on-guy, although that would be hot to see, but we do want you and April; you, me, and April; Jeremy and April; Jeremy, April, and me; and me and April. We'd like to do all of that among ourselves and in situations where others are watching us, both friends and strangers. Will you join us?"
It probably would have scared me a day earlier, but what Kate described sounded exciting. My practical side, however, kicked in. "I work for the county prosecutor," I said. "What you're describing sounds great, but it will probably cost me my job."
"We thought about that," Jeremy said. "We'll hire you as general counsel for the businesses we own, that's our practice, the physical therapy practice, and the company which owns our building. We probably can't pay you quite as much as you are making, but I think we can get some of our doctor friends to send you some work you can charge them for. The job is yours for as long as you and April are together."
"Understand," Kate said in a more formal tone, "we'll be paying you for your work, nothing else. We're doing this so that you have the freedom to join April and us doing things that your current employer would fire you for. And we need our own lawyer."
"Please Peter," April said.
Again, it was an easy decision. "Thank you and I accept."
April got up from her chair, bent over me, and kissed me on the lips.
"Peter, stand up," Kate said. I stood. "April, please make Peter erect," Kate directed. April giggled, stepped in front of me, and been fondling my balls. Damn her fingers felt good! As I started getting hard, April switched to running her fingers up and down the underside of my shaft and dickhead. That did the trick. My dick was pointing almost straight up very quickly. "Give Peter some of that lotion on the table," Kate directed. April picked up the bottle, turned my righthand palm up, and poured some lotion into my hand. "Peter," Kate said, "please step into the center here." I took a few steps until I was roughly centered between the chairs we'd been sitting in. "Please masturbate for us," Kate said.
I looked at April. She was smiling. "Please?" she said. Ok, I thought, I wrapped my hand around my dick and began stroking myself. I'd always thought of jerking off as something you did privately. Having April, Kate, and Jeremy watch as I stroked my dick was a completely new experience. I discovered that I was enjoyed jerking off for an audience.
I think the eroticism of the situation stimulated me because I felt myself nearing orgasm much sooner than normal. Kate must have sensed I was about to come. She quickly got up from her chair, walked over, and knelt in front of me. "Shoot on my face," she said.
Kate's beautiful face looking up expectantly at the head of my dick was all it took. I shot into her hair and all over her face. As I finished, I glanced, somewhat fearfully, at Jeremy. "Well done Peter," he said. He seemed genuinely happy that I had just sprayed my semen on his wife's face.
April came over and knelt beside Kate. "Let me clean you up," she said. She put a hand around my shaft, leaned forward, and ran her tongue over my head. I was so stimulated and sensitive that April's tongue felt almost electric. I made another small spurt onto April's tongue. April pulled her tongue into her mouth and swallowed while Kate beamed.
Kate stood up, walked to a cabinet, took out a towel, and began wiping off her face and hair. "I guess that will pass for an initiation ceremony," she said.
"I think Peter will fit in nicely with us," Jeremy said.
April stood up, close enough that our bodies were touching. She kissed me on the lips and then softly said, "thank you."