I awoke with an unnaturally aching head from the wine we had shared the night before. Wendy was lying next to me, the covers pulled up to her smooth, bare shoulders, breathing lightly through her mouth and her hair tousled on the pillow.
The bedroom window was open and the harsh clank of a scaffold pole falling against concrete made Wendy's eyes spring open. She thrashed about in the covers and sat facing me, looking pretty as she held the covers to her chest and ran a hand through her blonde bob.
"What time is it?" Wendy asked, scrunching her face as she tried to fully wake up. "My lads are already here!"
I glanced at the clock.
"Half seven." I said, flopping my aching head back onto the pillow in disgust.
Wendy slid her hand to my erect cock.
"Wakey-shakey, shakey-wakey!" Wendy said, smiling down at me as she shook my erection back and forth a couple of times, before letting go and, slipping out of the bed, padding across to the wardrobe.
Wendy has a short, cute body with perfect poise, and her small bare breasts bobbed as she walked.
"Pop the coffee pot on, darling, and see if my lads fancy one." Wendy said, and then noticing my lustful gaze at her bare body, she paused and turned to face me. She placed her hands on her head to reveal her shaved under arms, and jiggled her bare breasts for me.
"Pretty nifty for over fifty!" She said.
"Come on, up! I'll ask my lads if they want a coffee."
Wendy padded over to the window and pulled back the curtains, the bright white sunlight making my head ache even more. Before I even realised what Wendy was doing, she gave me a saucy look, biting her bottom lip and then placing her arm across her bare breasts, she opened the bedroom window.
"Cooee, boys! Anyone want a coffee?" She shouted down, giving a cutesy half wave.
There was a murmur of approval from the construction workers and Wendy closed the window. I tried to picture what the workmen must have seen. Looking up, the window ledge probably hid Wendy's pussy, but they must have got a full view of her soft bare belly and probably a glimpse of the undersides of her small breasts under her arm.
"Yep, my lads would like a coffee!" Wendy said.
Then mimicking my shocked expression with her mouth an 'O' shape she disappeared out of the bedroom door. Her head popped back a moment later and she blew me a kiss.
I heard a door shut and water running. Wendy was taking a shower. I tramped downstairs in my dressing gown and lit the stove. It started to heat the water.
I felt a mixture of arousal and jealousy. I trust Wendy entirely, but this whole situation was outside of our usual context.
******************************
It had begun about a week before when we had visited Wendy's sister Denise to ask if her husband Sergio would be prepared to help with building the conservatory. The deadline for the planning regulations was getting near and Wendy was anxious that the project was moved forward.
Sergio, in his usual arrogant manner, had sat with his feet up watching the television, ignoring the whole conversation as Wendy and Denise had talked through the situation.
"Of course Seg will bring the digger and get the boys to help." Denise had said. "Won't you Seg!" She had added, punching him in the arm.
Without taking his eyes from the television, Seg had said. "Of course Seg'll sort everything..." And then looking straight at Wendy; "As long as bendy Wendy works with her tits out."
Denise had punched Seg's arm again. "Sorry Wend, I married a pig!"
"Hey, you want the lads to give up their weekend, they need an incentive." Seg had said.
In the car on the way back I had asked Wendy if Seg was serious.
"It's just Seg being Seg." Was her answer, but as the weekend got nearer, Denise had rung up and told Wendy that was his price. He promised to make sure nothing got out of hand, but the charge for the digger and the help was seeing his sister in law's tits.
When Wendy told me about the conversation I asked her if she was really going to do it.
"We'll see, you know how I just love being around workmen!" Wendy had teased. I couldn't tell if she was serious and nothing more had been said and then this morning Wendy had appeared nude at the window before all the workmen.
******************************
I made the coffees and carried them out to the work men on a tray. Seg grabbed the biggest mug.
"Where's bendy Wendy? These baby wipes don't think Wend's gonna show us her tits. Hundred quid each to the Seg Master when she does!" Seg said, slurping his coffee and grinning.
"Ah, that hits the spot." Seg was enjoying himself.
"I think she's taking a shower." I said. It felt strange standing next to Seg after he had nonchalantly demanded seeing my wife's breasts as part of a deal right in front of me, and now the whole group were placing bets on whether they would see Wendy's breasts.It wasn't like they were unfriendly or anything, it was just as though my status as Wendy's husband was completely irrelevant from their viewpoint, like I was an accepted inconvenience to their day with my sexy wife.
"It's up to bendy Wendy: No tits, no digger and we fuck off down the pub." Seg said matter-of-factly. "No skin off my nose either way." He said, wandering off having said all he wanted to say.
I put the tray down and getting Wendy's coffee from the kitchen, carried it upstairs for her. Wendy was coming out of the bathroom, drying her hair with a white towel, her bare body pink and rubbery and clean. She sat down at her vanity unit and began brushing her hair. I closed the bedroom door.
"There's workmen about, you know." I said, peeved.
"Mhm..." Wendy said, carrying on brushing her hair, her small bare breasts lifted by her raised arm. I placed her coffee on the vanity unit.
"Thank you, darling."
I got back into bed, my cock growing erect as I watched Wendy's bare body, her back straight in perfect poise and her small breasts jutting out as she brushed her hair.
"You're not actually going to do it?" I asked.
"Shush... you'll see, darling." Wendy smiled at me using her reflection in the mirror.
"How can Seg even ask you to do this? I mean I wouldn't ask to see Denise's breasts." I said, sounding narked.
"I'd like to see you try. Seg would kill you, he's massively protective over Denise."
"Well, if that's the case, how comes it doesn't work both ways? I'm your fucking husband for fucks sake!" I said, getting angry.
Wendy giggled. "Like a big man like Seg is going to be scared of you, darling."
What hurt the most about that statement was that Wendy was genuinely tickled at the idea of me standing up to Seg, and in reality, it was true. Not that I wouldn't protect Wendy, but she was right that Seg was a lot broader and stronger than me. Wendy wasn't being mean or cruel, she never is, she was being practical and honest. She wandered over to the bed and slid her hand under the covers to fondle my erect cock.
"You're just a mister grouchy 'cos you want to fuck me, darling." Wendy kept her palm on my desperate cock, but didn't stroke it. I thrust my hips against her hand. Practical and honest again.
"And Denise says Seg's a big man that way, too!" Wendy said cheekily, suddenly removing her hand and jumping out of my reach, as I tried to swat her ass.
"Come on little guy, up you get!"
Wendy padded back over to the wardrobe, rifled through her drawers and stepped into a pair of white panties.
"You might be a little guy, but you're my little guy!" Wendy said, smiling.
Then she stepped into her old work jeans and fastened the belt. Wendy looked beautiful and sexy, the shape of her rounded ass and thighs outlined by the tight denim and her bare breasts jutting freely. A small hole in the rear of her jeans exposed a tantalising bit of her pale flesh. Her slight middle-age paunch pushing over the waist of her tight jeans just emphasised the soft sensuality of her petite body.
"Are you really going to work like that all day?" I asked, partly aroused and partly jealous of the idea that her flirty and happy mood was due to the titillation of Seg's deal.
"You'll see, up! I'm not going out there without you." She said, smiling and wandered out of the bedroom still topless.
In the shower, I wandered if Wendy was seriously going to work topless all day. I really couldn't imagine it. There were four guys including Seg out there and they had all known Wendy for years. Seg, I got the impression, thought of Wendy as the superior little sister-in-law and apart from the obvious pleasure of seeing Wendy's small breasts after all these years, seemed to like the idea of humiliating her a little.
Phil and Ronnie worked for Seg's construction business and so had met Wendy here and there over the years. Phil had tried to hit on Wendy during her divorce years ago.
Tylor was Wendy's son's best friend and Wendy had been like a second mom to him growing up. I imagined that a lot of Tylor's teenage fantasies would have been fuelled by being around Wendy, seeing her as a sexy MILF and hording every sexy memory of her dressing gown being a little too open as she made him a coffee, or her towel slipping as she came out of the bathroom for his masturbatory pleasure.
******************************
When I was dressed, I wandered downstairs, Wendy was standing in the hallway, holding a tea towel over her bare breasts. She looked sexy and vulnerable.
"Go and tell my lads to gather in the garage." Wendy said. "Love you." She said, kissing me on the cheek.
I did, and we all waited under the fluorescent strip light in the garage. The silence was oppressive, all five men, including me, picturing Wendy's breasts to ourselves.
Seg yawned. "How long does it take to show off your fucking tits, for fucks sake. It's not like they're going to that impressive anyhow."
The garage door opened and we all stared as Wendy strutted into the garage, wearing just her jeans with one arm raised above her head, the other across her bare breasts. She was singing 'Hey Big Spender' and jutting her hip out at each step as she sang.
She carried on until she was standing right before Seg, looking up at him with a daring grin, her arm across her bare breasts. She reached behind him and grabbed a sleeveless yellow high visibility jacket off a hook and then turning her back to the group of men, slipped the jacket on, fastened the velcro front and turned back round.
The yellow polyester wasn't quite translucent, but was thin enough to show the shape of Wendy's breasts and her large nipples pushing against the neon material.
"Health and safety regs! Well Big Man, you going to build me a conservatory, or what?" Wendy said cheekily, clearly proud of her neat little side-stepping of the deal.
Seg grinned.
"Alright bendy Wendy!" he said and plonked a yellow hard hat on her head.
I really liked how Wendy had turned Seg's potentially humiliating challenge into something more light hearted and fun, and it must have taken a lot of gall to walk into a room of five men she knew so well without her top on.
The idea of these four workmen ogling Wendy all day left me with mixed feeling a bit jealous but Wendy seemed to be finding the whole scenario fun, and I was so turned on seeing this new cheeky exhibitionist side to my wife.
******************************
We got to work, Seg obviously driving the digger, and the other guys doing the skilled jobs. Wendy and I were the basic labourers and we spent the morning taking wheelbarrow load after wheelbarrow load of heavy breeze blocks around the side of the house to where the guys needed them.
It was hot work and Wendy's bare arms and chest glistened with sweat as she laboured. When she dropped a load by Seg she went to wipe her brow under the rim of her hard hat with her arm, and we both saw the swell of the side of her pale bare breast through the loose arm hole.
As she carried on working, straining with the wheelbarrow, the thin neon polyester clung to her sweaty torso, showing the curve of her small breasts and big nipples to the guys more definitely.
"You boys ready for a cold drink?" Wendy asked, her bare upper arms straining as she gently lowered the leg support of the wheelbarrow down.
"Yeah, sure bends." Seg said.
The crew stopped working and sauntered over to the clear area, sitting down on upturned buckets, beams and an old chair and watching my wife's ass she went off to make the drinks. I again felt like an inconvenience, as they talked about the job and ogled my wife. It wasn't a hostility, but a putting up of me, like if I was to choose to leave, they would all feel happier enjoying my flirty wife.
When they took their drinks, Wendy removed her hard hat and wiped the cool glass against her hot brow.
There was some general building talk involving technical terms I didn't understand, which for Wendy seemed to be a pornographic language. When somebody mentioned a 'twenty mil' measurement, Seg screwed his eyes up, scrutinising Wendy's breasts under the thin polyester.
"Your nips'll be about twenty mil, eh bendy?"
"Nah, fifteen tops!" Tylor suggested.
The guys were actually using my wife's nipples as a competition for who could measure most accurately with their eyes.
They made Wendy measure her own nipples. She turned her back on us all and opening the high vis waistcoat used a tape measure. Wendy was facing the patio doors and we all watched her through the reflection as she held a bare breast in one hand and measured her nipple with the other.
"Twelve mil." She said turning back around and redoing the velcro fastenings.
It seemed such an intimate piece of information to have shared, but at the same time completely irreverent. But that was kind of how the whole day had felt so far, that Wendy's part exhibitionism was taken as an accepted part of the work day. Nobody behaved any differently towards Wendy or the job, it was just that she had agreed to work topless. The conversation over the drinks had felt the same; Wendy's nipples were there for everyone to see, so why not chat about them.
Wendy collected the empty glasses, bending at the waist to pick them up, her rounded ass stretching the denim of her work jeans. The pale flesh of her buttocks was visible through the small hole at one side and Tylor leant forward and hooked a finger into the hole and yanked it hard. Wendy stumbled and Tylor caught her by the waist and pulled again, this time ripping the denim across her left buttock right to the central seam. He ripped it down too, so that a large triangle of Wendy's buttock was exposed along with a glimpse of the white cotton of her panties.
"Piggy!" Was all Wendy said, saying it with an affectionate smile, ruffling his hair. As she walked away with the drinks tray she paused to wiggle her exposed ass to us all, and then carried on.
We carried on with the work, getting into a rhythm and the guys began a routine of every time Wendy arrived with a load of breezeblocks they would stand around and watch the bare flesh of her ass exposed by the rip in her jeans as she bent to place down the breezeblocks. As she lowered the blocks to the ground her high vis jacket would fall forward from her front giving the guys a full view from behind up her jacket of her bare breasts dangling freely.
They called it 'Bendy Wendy's T and A show' and would holler to each other when it was about to begin again.
******************************
When we broke for dinner the work crew ate their bait in Seg's van and I made some sandwiches for Wendy and I in the house.
"Why don't you go and eat with my lads?" Wendy suggested.
"Why?"
"Cos you don't really know them very well and they're people important to me..." Wendy said, walking up to me and rubbing her breasts against my chest. "And so you can tell me what they're saying about your sexy wife. I heard them calling it Bendy Wendy's T and A show."
"You might get a little T and A show all to yourself, tonight, darling. I'm as randy as a bag of bunnies. Off you go."
I carried my sandwiches to Seg's work van and asked him if I could join them.
"Yeah, we're just discussing your bendy's titties." Seg told me. I climbed in amongst the construction equipment and sat on the bench next to Tylor.
"Phil reckon's they're a seven, but he's still got a thing for Wend. What d'you reckon, Ronnie?"
"Nah, they're fried eggs. I like a big pair of bazoomas, me. Three tops. Seg?"
"Nowt to me. Denise's are much better." Seg said.
"Maybe we should get Denise down here to put on a show?" Phil suggested.
"Maybe you'd like your face smashed in." Was Reg's reply. "Tylor?"
"I like the way they sit up and say hello!" Tylor said with a big, wide grin. "And those fucking nips, man! They're like torpedoes."
"Twelve mil torpedoes!"
"Yeah, she should stretch 'em. I reckon she could make thirty mil, easy." Seg said.
"Hey, you married her, can't you like pull her about by her nips for a while and stretch 'em a bit, see how big we can make 'em by the end of the build?"
I didn't answer, I just ate my sandwich a bit disconcerted that Phil had had a thing for my wife and was now getting to ogle her openly. While the whole conversation was objectifying my wife, Seg wasn't standing for even the slightest reference to his wife, playing the protective husband. I don't think the hypocrisy of his actions even entered his mind. His wife was off limits to the guys, and mine was fair play. I found listening to the guys talking about Wendy so crudely arousing.
The conversation moved on to a general argument about whether Seg had won his bet and the minutiae of what constituted 'seeing tits' and 'topless.' Seg said he would sort it.
Then they chatted about the job, technical stuff that I couldn't join in with. When I did say something, my words sounded ill fitting, like I wasn't part of the crew mentality, which in truth I wasn't. I guess to them I was just someone they didn't really know, with the sexy wife working topless for them. It wasn't that the guys weren't fine with me, they were. It was that same feeling of indifference towards my presence, an acceptance I was around, but an unsaid preference for me not to be.
Some of the banter was typical work van chatter, but despite Seg having been the instigator of the whole scenario, it was Wendy's sensuality that was the focus of every man in that van. Wendy's sexy exhibitionism was fuelling Phil's crush on Wendy and Seg was enjoying the status of having instigated the whole scenario. Tylor and Ronnie just seemed to be good naturedly enjoying the show and for me the idea of the woman I adored with a uxoriousness, being talked about like she was trash for their use, made me aroused.
I was in awe of the way my sexy, middle-aged wife was having such an effect on the whole group of us. On top of all that, Wendy herself had said she was 'randy as a bag of bunnies.' Which she confirmed when my phone bleeped and it was a text from Wendy that read;
'Just using my vibe. Tell the Big Man I'll be five mins. x'
As the crew climbed out of the van, Seg called me back.
"You're okay with all this, right?"
"Yeah, sure."
"Good man!" Seg said.
******************************
When Wendy did come back outside to work, I saw Seg walk over and speak to Wendy. He was talking to my wife minutes after she had just climaxed. I imagined her misty eyes and flushed face.
She stood looking tiny next to him, looking up at him as he spoke. Then, glancing quickly at the houses opposite and the passing traffic, she gave him a cute curtsy and yanked open the velcro fastenings of her high vis waistcoat.
Wendy and I finished moving the last of the breeze blocks in the early afternoon and joined the work crew around the back. Wendy seemed to really relax away from the view of the neighbours and enjoyed the work crew banter. She was bright and breezy and giggly all afternoon with her high vis waistcoat undone so that whether she was working or chatting, we always saw some part of her bare breasts and belly exposed in some position or other.
It was strange being part of a building crew focusing on the job, but with Wendy's bare breasts often in our view. At one point Wendy and Seg were working through a problem and I watched them in intense discussion, Seg fully dressed and nonchalant, and Wendy equally engaged, but with her bare breasts and prominent nipples exposed as they problem solved.
That was one of the sexiest aspects of the situation; Wendy's exhibitionism being performed as she laboured away. Where a stripper performs with an intent to arouse, Wendy was just getting on with the job at hand, and the natural sensuality of her soft breast being scraped by a breeze block as she lifted it, or the breeze sending the thin polyester flapping against her bare flesh was intoxicating. It was as though the sensuality of Wendy's usual body movements were an erotic dance. As though Seg's deal had allowed us all to see just how sensual and sexy Wendy was simply in herself. No wonder we were all captivated.
When the guys were leaving, Wendy stood at the side door of the van, chatting for a long time, her high vis waistcoat still open. At one point Phil actually yanked the polyester jacket down her arms so that both her breasts were fully exposed and Wendy just smiled and finished the conversation topless. She waved them off and then went inside.
When I followed her in, Wendy had taken off her jeans and was standing in just her white panties, cutting the denim with a pair of scissors.
"What was all that about?" I asked.
"We were just talking about what should happen next."
"With the job or you?" I asked, realising I was likely irrelevant to both conversations.
"Both. Like my lads voted I should make my old jeans, into shorts. They're coming back to get on with the job tomorrow."
Wendy went for a shower, playfully grabbing me through my jeans as she walked past and I made supper.
******************************
When Wendy came back downstairs she looked absolutely stunning. She had fixed her hair and make-up and adorned her ears, neck and arms with silver jewellery. She was wearing a soft pink cashmere cardigan which showed her big nipples poking through and a tight black PVC mini-skirt. I could see her suspender belt clips bulging under the shiny PVC as she strutted toward me, her high heels clicking on the kitchen floor. She put her arms around my shoulders and kissed me.
"I'm all yours, darling." She said with a beautiful smile.
Wendy lit a few candles and we ate our meal with Wendy sitting opposite me looking beautiful with her silver jewellery sparkling in the candlelight and her pale flesh given a softer hue by the light. It was a complete contrast to the topless woman, doing manual labour in the harsh light of the day surrounded by the detritus of a building site. Now Wendy appeared soft and beautiful and feminine.
She placed her hand on the table for me to place mine in hers.
"I love you, darling." Wendy said, squeezing my hand and looking me straight in the eyes.
"I love you too."
"Today was soooo sexy, darling. I loved the feel of working outside with my breasts free. The breeze against my nipples has had me tingly all day."
"You looked gorgeous." I told her. Wendy smiled.
"It was pretty sexy knowing I had the attention of all you guys, too. What did my lads talk about in the van?"
I recounted what I could remember and Wendy called them a bunch of piggies and led me over to the sofa. We snuggled together and Wendy unzipped my jeans and took out my cock.
"Mmm... no showering tonight, darling. I love how you smell." My cock grew hard in her hand and I began kissing Wendy's neck passionately and massaging her breasts that she had teased us with all day through the cardigan. Wendy pushed me away and slid between my thighs, taking the head of my cock into her warm mouth.
"Tell me how you found today, darling." Wendy said, kissing and licking my cock head.
"I thought you looked beautiful and sexy." I told her.
"And?" Wendy's tongue swirled around my cock head.
"And how you handled working topless was so brave and sexy."
"And?"
"And you are the sexiest woman in the world to me." I told her, her mouth nearly making me orgasm. Wendy stopped, playfully running her nail up and down my twitching cock.
"So you like Seg and the guys admiring your hot little wife?"
"Part of me does, part of me gets jealous." I said honestly. "Hearing them talk about you like you were a sex object made me angry."
Wendy went back to swirling her mouth around my cock head.
"How do you expect them to talk about a slut with her tits out?" Wendy asked, her voice low and aroused as she looked up, sucking my cock and began touching herself too. Wendy referring to herself as a slut, like she agreed with the guys, made me nearly cum in her mouth but she stopped again.
"They think you're funny."
"Why?"
"Cos none of them would let their wives go topless in front of other guys." She began licking me again.
"I didn't let you, you just decided."
"Mhm... and that's why you're twice the man they are, darling." Wendy said, before taking my cock down her throat in one passionate movement. I hadn't felt part of the group all day and as they joked and worked within a natural understanding developed over years, I had had to stand by as my wife, also part of that same understanding, exposed herself to them. Hearing Wendy flattering me for not being controlling, provided the reassurance I wanted. In essence it was Wendy's sexiness the whole day revolved around, and my relationship was with her, not the crew.
"I'm yours darling." Wendy told me. "And you're mine." She said, looking up at me and hugging my cock against her face like it was her possession. "But I just love the idea of being the centre of your world at the same time as I behave like a sex object for my lads."
Wendy's words were bringing me near to orgasm again, I had never heard her talk like this. She stopped stroking me again and held my cock firmly at the base so I couldn't cum. She ran her tongue over the tip of my cock, licking the pre-cum from the tip.
"Am I turning you on, darling?" Wendy asked with a salacious grin, her eyes misty with lust.
"Please Wendy, let's make love!" I practically begged.
"No... I want you to wait... to want me even more..." Wendy said, moving to a chair and parting her thighs. She was wearing black stockings and suspenders under the PVC mini-skirt and her pale inner thighs glowed in the soft candlelight.
"Lick me." Wendy said.
I knelt before her and began kissing her beautiful pussy with adoration. Her pussy was dripping with arousal and her taste made me yearn for her even more.
"Phil felt so powerful when he pulled my top down by the van." Wendy said, almost in a whisper as I licked her pussy adoringly. "I think he really likes my tits... he was really fucked off that I belong to you, darling... his eyes were so angry, and horny... he wants me, but I'm yours..." Wendy's fingers began swirling around her clitoris as I licked her.
"When I was standing with my top pulled down by the van, like their personal slut, Phil hated the idea that you get to fuck me... those were the word he used; fuck me." Wendy was getting really aroused now, her pussy leaking juices onto my tongue and her hips gently gyrating to her strokes.
"So... I agreed not to... until the whole build is finished... and all that time, darling... you're going to want me more and more... and I won't fuck you...cos I'm letting Phil control my pussy."
Wendy grabbed my head and pushed my mouth hard against her clitoris as she bucked and came on my face. She held me there as her orgasm subsided and I licked her gently, trying to give her every wave of pleasure I could.
She sat luxuriating in her afterglow, looking languid and sensual, in her pink cardigan and hitched up mini-skirt.
"So, what do you think, darling? Is it sexy to know your wife has agreed not to fuck you 'cos that's what Phil wants? Is it sexy to know your wife is just a slut and a sexual object to them?" She asked when she eventually opened her eyes.
My besotted eyes answered her question. She smiled down at me sweetly, and then standing up lead me to the bedroom.
Wendy told me to undress and lie on the bed and then performed a sensual striptease as I watched, singing 'Hey Big Spender' like she had for the guys that morning. She unbuttoned her pink cardigan, slowly revealing her bare breasts that had been exposed all day, and then slipping it down her arms, slid the mini-skirt to pool at her feet.
Then, in just her stockings and suspenders she lay down next to me, propping herself up with one arm and gently stroked my cock again.
After a while she stopped and reached down, bringing up a pair of workmen's gloves. She slipped them onto my hands and placed my hand on her soft bare breast.
Wendy began stroking herself and I ran my rough gloved hand over her soft, pale body. She focused entirely on her own pleasure, her body moving gently to the rhythms of her arousal. Her bare breasts and belly swelled and dipped as her breathing became more aroused and she never looked more beautiful than in surrendering to her own pleasure.
She seemed to love the sensation of the rough gloves over her hard nipples and I stroked her sensitive nipples, yearning to touch her with my bare hands. Wendy reached up and placing her hand over mine, pushed my fingers to squeeze her nipples hard.
"You said my lads want them bigger, darling. Pull on them, make them hurt, make them so sore they'll be hard all fucking day for my lads tomorrow... make your wife their dirty slutty object."
I did as Wendy asked, pinching and pulling her sensitive nipples with the course gloves as she focused on stroking herself. The rougher I was with her nipples, the more aroused Wendy seemed, and when I twisted and pulled her body up by her nipples so hard that she arched her back, she came powerfully, her body in beautiful spasms and moaning.
Afterwards she lay with her eyes closed and her beautiful body moving with her gentle breathing. Her nipples looked puffy and swollen and the pale flesh of her breasts was red from being groped.
Her hand reached lazily across to my hard cock and patted it.
"Mmm... I love that you find me so sexy and gorgeous." Wendy said, and then turned on her side and kissed me affectionately, giving my cock a couple of strokes.
"Night, night. Don't cum." She said and turned off the light and turned her bare back to me.
I snuggled into her, my hard cock against her buttocks and she wiggled her ass against my cock, teasingly, and went to sleep. I lay for a while, desperate to cum, and going over the day's events.
Four other guys had ogled my wife's bare breasts all day and Wendy had loved the attention. The way she had behaved this evening was a side of Wendy I had never seen before, so sexually demanding and assertive, but caring and teasing at the same time. I adored her with all my heart and the day had been the most sexually exciting day of my life.
Part of what made the day feel so exciting was the juxtaposition of pain and pleasure. It did make me jealous that other guys were getting the privilege of seeing how sexy and sensual my wife could be, and their assumptions that they could just pull her top down or rip her jeans and expose her ass, were a bit disconcerting.
The fact that Phil was so aroused by Wendy that he was angry at me for having her as my wife was also felt a bit threatening. That Wendy had soothed his ego by agreeing not to have sex with me made me wonder what Phil must think of her compliance and my subjugation.
Overall, I was secure in Wendy's love and it was re-assuring that Seg was there to protect his sister in law too.
In a strange way, the whole event felt like a revealing of a sexual honesty. All four guys must have noticed how sensual and sexy Wendy is over the years, and probably had fantasised about her too. Seg's deal kind of brought those feelings into the open.
The way Wendy's sensual ways had captivated the whole group of men gave me a deeper appreciation of my sexy, charming wife that I was so desperate to make love to as she lay breathing quietly in her sleep. I fell asleep holding my sexy wife in my arms, feeling the luckiest husband alive.