The day had started out really bad and I was hoping it would get better. It wouldn't! At least not at first.
I heard the other contractors arriving and soon there was giggling. I knew what they were giggling about. I finished my shower and toweled off. As I always did, I dropped my towel down the laundry chute. I had already dropped the sheet down before I showered.
Then to my horror, I turned around and remembered I didn't have any clothes in the bathroom. Friday night was my laundry day so I also had no clean towels, as we all know what happened on Friday night.
I stood there naked, wondering what to do. I had been a topless dancer for several months when I couldn't find a job. A lot of men saw my tits and ass but they weren't working at my house. Even though I teased them by not wearing a bra around them, being naked was not the same.
I decided my only recourse was to cover my pussy with one hand and my tits, as best I could, with the other arm and hand. My ass would be completely exposed during my dash down the hallway. My bedroom was as far away as it could be at the other end of the hallway. There were two men hanging my closet doors that morning so I knew that they would see me nude until I could grab my robe on my bed and put it on.
I didn't know where all the men were working. As luck would have it, as I emerged out of my bathroom to make a dash down the hallway, one of the men was sitting on the floor, working and took up most of the space. As I was going by him I stumbled over a cord and reached out to keep myself from falling, straddling him in the process. My exposed pussy ended up being planted right in his face! All I heard him say was, "Oh shit". I'm not sure, but I swear he tongued me. I hurried to my room, knowing that I was completely exposed to the men.
I asked the men in my room to step out so I could get dressed. They did and I got dressed and went to the store to get dinner preparations for Jim.
I took my time, hoping the men who saw me naked had left. It was very embarrassing to say the least. Not only being nude and not knowing how long the electrician and his helper had watched me but I had just planted my pussy on somebody's face. What a story he had to tell his friends! I knew I had caused it all myself but that didn't help how I felt.
I returned home to fix dinner and the men had left.
I fixed pork steak, mashed potatoes and Harvard beets. Jim had said that was his favorite meal. I had a bottle of wine chilling to consume with our dinner.
I changed into a semi sheer tank top with a sexy bra under it, lace panties and short shorts that would show my butt cheeks when I bent over. No hints there, right!
I had planned for dinner to be ready at 5:10. Just before 5 Jim pulled in my driveway. I went to the door and opened it. There was a short step up, so I was higher than Jim, I wanted to see how he reacted to my outfit. His smile said it all. You look great is all he said, but that was enough. I bent over to kiss him and he put his hands on my butt and felt the soft skin of my ass, below my shorts.
Dinner was good, Jim seemed to enjoy it, commenting about it being his favorite meal. We chatted during dinner, not about much, just idle chit chat. Jim asked if I'd like to go for a walk on the beach after we ate. I agreed as I walked our local beach often.
On the way to the beach Jim said he walked it often and would lay out to catch some rays, as it wasn't busy. There was no sand at all, it was rocky, even out in the water. Boats would keep a safe distance as there were large boulders lurking in the water. As we walked along there were some people laying in the evening sun. The beach only had about six feet of space to walk, some places you had to walk in the water.
Walking past the men I knew they could see up my loose, short, shorts. I never cared as they usually just looked, sometimes one would say something like, "wow, nice ass," I just took it as a compliment and kept walking.
We walked to the end of the beach in a secluded cove and found a nice rock to sit on. Jim looked at me and said, "you know, the guys were able to see up your shorts as we walked past them."
I told him they always look up trying to see what they can but I don't usually wear sexy panties. I just ignore them, I wore these for you. I guess they were able to see a little more than normal this time.
Jim said, "I remember when I'd see you, I was one of those guys looking up, wishing you would someday forget to wear your underwear."
How many times did you see me out here?
Many, Jim said. You were definitely the talk on the beach when you showed up to walk.
We were in a little secluded cove so the people up the beach couldn't see us.
Jim had slid his hand up my leg and was playing with my pussy. I stood up, looked around and when I didn't see anyone, I dropped my shorts to the ground and removed my panties. Is this what you guys were hoping to see?
Sure is.
I sat in front of him, facing the bluff so no boaters could see me. Jim started performing oral sex on me, I laid my head back and closed my eyes, enjoying his tongue probe my vagina with expertise. I came after about ten minutes I let my legs rest to the side, wide open, feeling the lake breeze and my juices running down my ass onto the rock.
I opened my eyes and looked up to see a man on the trail above the beach, starring down with his cock out, jacking off. I immediately started fingering my pussy, the guy knew I had spotted him. I waved and he waved back still pumping his cock. I told Jim he was up there and what he was doing. I wondered if the electrician and his helper had done the same this morning. I hadn't checked for wet spots on the floor.
Jim asked if I wanted to leave. I said, "ok, but I want to watch him finish first," I asked Jim "Do I have to put my panties back on when we leave or would you like to put them in your pocket? That is what all you guys wanted." He immediately picked them up and put them in his pocket saying, "you know, the guys will be able to see your pussy as we walk by them."
I watched him finish, I could see his cum squirting out of his cock. He put his cock back in his pants and left.
I was putting my shorts back on and Jim asked, "Are you sure you don't want to wear your panties?"
I said, "As long as you don't mind, I've thought about not wearing them for a long time when I come for my walk. I just never had anyone with me to protect me."
Jim was grinning ear to ear as I walked in front of him, both of us knowing my pussy was on display. One of the regular guys I see when I walk said, "It's about time," as we walked by. I stopped, standing over his head and pulled my shorts to the side, completely exposing my pussy to him, saying "is this what you meant?" He smiled and just said "Oh yea."
We returned to his car and Jim opened my door and as he did I said," I'm glad you don't mind me showing off, I love to see the expressions on strange men's faces when they see me looking sexy."
Jim said, "As long as you like it, I find it exciting."
It only takes about ten minutes to get back to my house and as we rode, I mulled over in my head whether to tell Jim what had happened that morning. I decided I had to tell him, I didn't want him finding out about it from the workers. They were coming back the next morning and I was hoping Jim would still be there.
We sat on the couch, just as we had the previous night and I poured us a glass of wine. This time I sat close to him though.
Jim, remember last night when you were leaving, I stood in the window naked to wave goodbye. He said," how could I forget." Well, I decided to lay back down on the couch, still nude, to think about our night and the feeling of you touching me, kissing me and coming in me, I closed my eyes for just a second. I woke up naked with the electrician tapping me on my shoulder and his helper, who I had never seen before, staring at me.
Jim asked me what I did.
I got up and tried to quickly wrap myself in the sheet, but in my haste I only partially covered myself. I then ran to the bathroom to shower. I made the mistake of putting my sheet and then my towel down my laundry chute. I had forgotten I had nothing to cover up with. I put one hand over my pussy and covered my tits as best I could with the other. I then made a dash for the bedroom but I tripped over a cord. I had to reach out to keep from falling and doing so I straddled the guy working in the hallway, I ended up having my pussy right in his face. I think I felt him tongue me.
Jim chuckled and said, "I wish I could have seen that."
I didn't know whether to be mad or relieved he wasn't upset at my carelessness.
He saw the puzzled look on my face and said, "Look, we've only known each other two days, I'm not your husband or even your boyfriend, even though I'd like to be. I've watched you pass by the line for months, never looking at us. We always know when you're coming as you sound like one of those clydesdale horses when you walk. They gave you the nickname, bouncy boobs because your tits always bounced a lot as you hurried by."
I told Jim, I had no idea my tits bounced like that, I always wear the most firm support bra I can find. I also hate having to wear high heels.
Jim said, "If you'd slow down you wouldn't make so much noise and your tits wouldn't bounce so much."
I said, "You've been watching me walk by for months and did I hear you right, you want to be my boyfriend?"
Jim replied, "Yes, on both counts."
All I said was why don't you plan on spending the night here, I need to know if you snore! As I let out a giggle.
It was about 8 o'clock and Jim asked if I would like to go for a drink at the bar he mostly went to. I said sure, what should I wear. Just wear what you have on, but lose the bra if you want. I said, "but this tank is quite see through in the right light."
Jim smiled and said I know. I said great, I hate wearing a bra as I removed my top and bra. I put my tank back on and Jim said, "God you look great!"
I knew that no matter what the light was you would be able to see my nipples quite easily. I really wanted to please Jim and I liked showing my tits off to strangers.
We entered the bar and it was a constant stream of guys saying hi and wanting to meet Jim's date, looking at my chest instead of my eyes.
We ordered drinks and Jim asked if I'd like to play some pool. I always enjoyed playing, even though I wasn't any good at it. You put a quarter on the table and the winner played the person with the next quarter. I won the game, actually Jim lost as he scratched on the 8 ball. I proceeded to win a lot of games, I knew they were letting me win so they could look down my top when I was taking a shot. I was fully aware they could see my naked tits when I bent over as my top hung loosely.
A guy finally decided to end his friends and my winning streak and beat me. Too bad, no more show for them. They had to settle for a see through show, nice, but not the same.
The interior of the bar was shaped like an L. Jim and I decided to grab a table near the rear part of the L where it would be a little quieter and more private.
Five of Jim's friends came and sat with us. I'm sure it was to talk with Jim and no other reason! The alcohol was flowing freely. I would no sooner finish a drink and another was set in front of me. I'm not sure but I think they were trying to get me drunk. They didn't know I knew how to pace my intake and I could also hold my liquor with the best of them. Also, and very important, I had Jim introduce me to the bartender when we first arrived and went to the bar to get our first drink. I asked him to short shot my drinks all night. He winked and said he understood.
They, on the other hand were all getting a little tipsy, including Jim. One in particular was very nice when Jim introduced him but as he drank he became rather crude. Having been a dancer I knew how to handle his type. Keep a distance and watch out for his hands.
Even though I was drinking weak drinks, the booze was starting to work on me. The juke box was playing and Pete, one of the guys Jim told me he played cards with asked me to dance with him, if it was alright with Jim. Jim said he was fine with it. I like to dance so I said yes. It was a fast song and as we danced we were close together because there wasn't a lot of room. Pete's hands would occasionally brush my tits as we danced. I just figured it was because we were forced to dance almost on top of each other because of the space. The music stopped and a slow song started, I turned to sit down but Pete took my arm and said lets dance. He pulled me in close to him and I felt his hands move to my ass, giving my cheeks a little squeeze. I said please don't and he moved his hands up to my back. When the song ended and I was turning away his hand ran across my tit giving it a little squeeze. I knew now the previous brushes were no accident.
Closing time and we were kicked out. I gave each of the guys a kiss and hug when we left.
I drove home as Jim was in no condition to get behind the wheel. I parked his car in my garage as I didn't want my parents to know he was spending the night. They drove by my house every morning to get breakfast.
We went straight to my bedroom and I helped Jim get undressed and into my bed. I knew he was in no shape to perform! I undressed and climbed in next to him. I always sleep in the nude.
I rested my head on his chest and listened to his heartbeat, wondering if it was beating for me now. I was resting my naked body against him and kissed him lightly on the cheek whispering, "I love you." He immediately turned his head and said, "well, I love you too." We both quickly fell asleep.