This is a continuation of Parts 1 and 2 which should really be enjoyed first.
*****
She was driving alone with the windows open, enjoying the warm evening breeze rolling lazily around the car. Auburn hair pulled back to her neck with a slender cloth tie with long bangs fluttering in the wind kissing at her eyelids. Top unbuttoned enough to expose where the front clasp to her 34C bra would be if she was wearing one. Tanned and shapely legs exposed below a short jean skirt that barely covered her ass when she was standing and covered next to nothing sitting down, not the least of which was her tiny sheer white panties. As she worked the clutch and throttle on the sports car she was acutely aware of how exposed she was.
There were few times and places as a single Mom she was able to enjoy being by herself and this was one of them. She loved to drive and especially on a warm night like this, free from the responsibilities which consumed her daily life.
Between the kids, keeping up a large home, grocery shopping, cooking, laundry etc. there was little time to relax and "think", only time to "do". In some ways it was a blessing because thinking only led to overwhelming loneliness after losing her husband suddenly and unexpectedly. She missed him so much especially at home. He had worked in their home office and was always around. Now he was gone and so was the income, the reason she was out alone at night. Her Soccer Mom friends thought he left a large insurance sum for her to maintain her lifestyle and they were so wrong. Little did they know how she was able to pay her bills...?
She arrived at the upscale resort hotel, maneuvered into the valet parking lane, stopped the car, turned off the ignition and stretched to retrieve her purse from behind the passenger seat. A young man was now standing next to the car. She looked up to see his mouth slightly open and him staring at her lap.
She smiled when she realized her skirt had hiked up and he was enjoying the view she had displayed. He apologized and took her keys through the window, opening her door for her. She swung one leg out and splayed herself open to provide him a better view. He didn't miss a thing and became encumbered by his suddenly swollen member fighting for room in his uniform shorts. She giggled when he rushed to excuse himself to write up her ticket.
She removed her small rollaway bag from the trunk, headed into the lobby, checked in at the desk and went to her room. When the door clicked shut she was aware of being very alone and of how quiet it was in the room. She found the remote control, turned on the TV and lowered the volume to background noise level. She quickly unpacked for a very short stay and drew a hot bath to help her relax. It was still early and she had two hours before her evening activities would begin.
Normally she would have set up staggered meeting times arranged in advance with anywhere from one to three men on a Saturday night like this but her week had gotten away from her. She wanted to blow it off and stay home with the kids and watch movies but she needed the income and it wasn't really a choice she could make. There was no shortage of men willing to pay good money for one-on-one time with her either publicly, privately or both. Tonight she would wing-it and see what happened. It was exciting and frightening to her at the same time. She could feel the adrenaline building up and she felt anxious about the uncertain evening ahead.
The bath relaxed her but she still had extra time to kill. She called down to the lobby and asked if there was a masseuse available. He arrived 15 minutes later to her room with a portable table and a leather bag with his supplies. She was dressed in a hotel robe with nothing underneath when he asked her to remove it and lie face down on the table. She hesitated but did as he asked. He placed a warm heavy white towel over her curvy bottom leaving the rest of her completely exposed and began to work on her shoulders and neck. He took his time and then focused on her arms and massaged her hands. By now she was beginning to relax and snuck another look at him.
He was obviously Italian and she couldn't believe she hadn't noticed how attractive he was. She must really have been more wound up than she thought because she was suddenly very aware of how exposed she was to him. It made her smile to think she was paying him to focus so much attention on her naked body instead of the other way around. Instantly the combination of these thoughts, the hot bath and massage converged upon her and she became very aroused. She gasped at how quickly it descended upon her and how little control she had over it. She wanted this man. She wanted to seduce him after being the center of attention of so many other men.
He had now moved back to her shoulders, and then down toward the small of her back just above her ass. She asked him to remove the towel and work on her bottom citing a running injury that was nagging her. When he applied some oil and started kneading her cheeks she spread her legs slightly and then a bit more to give him a clear view of her aroused and swollen parts.
She could feel the fluid collecting at her lips, how flared and open they had become due to his attentions. She spread her legs wide, bent her knees and arched her back inviting him to touch her there. He gasped and slid his fingers under her clit pulling the hood towards her abdomen and exposing it to his oiled palm. She rubbed her mound into his hand and swung her hips in a circle. The first orgasm hit her quickly and she screamed into the robe she had been using as a pillow in an effort to quiet herself.
She needed more and said "Don't stop!" He slid first one and then two fingers inside and worked them in and out. She glanced left and saw a large bulge in his pants. He was truly a professional and was focusing on her needs and not his own. She asked him to pull it out for her so she could see it and he complied. She rolled on her back, threw her legs apart and reached for his cock. In a split second he fed all of it into her mouth and she swallowed him burying her nose in his trimmed crotch hair while he continued to bang her wet pussy.
She could sense as she licked up and down his cock and swirled her tongue around the head in her mouth that he was holding back to make it last for her. With her second orgasm mounting she wanted him inside her. She said "TAKE ME!" He jumped on the table, spread her legs wide and slid himself into her. She reached her arms out over her head, pumped her hips towards him and gave herself to him completely. He started slowly and built up speed until he was pounding her with sheer lust. They stared into each other's eyes silently, connecting without talking while joined together. As they both peaked he pulled himself from her and sprayed all over the breasts she held up for him and her tongue which was pointed towards him to catch each splattered drop.
They lay quietly together for a few minutes to catch their breath. It was so good for her she wondered how many women he had serviced in this manner. He wanted to see her again and thought about whether it was appropriate to ask. They smiled at one another as he put on his pants and she slid back into the robe she had been clutching. As he cleaned up his supplies and table she grabbed her purse, paid him triple what he had quoted and he left quietly.
She was trembling and weak from the experience. Between two orgasms, the massage oil and his cum load she was a mess again and she smiled at her image in the mirror. After a hot shower she realized she was feeling calmer and more confident than she had in a very long time. She proceeded to get ready for the evening at hand.
Hair, makeup and a little black dress later she sat down to put on her heels. She had put on a very expensive matching set of bra and tiny thong panties in a sheer grey. She was shaved underneath with an auburn landing strip visible through the thin material. Her bare legs didn't need stockings since they were so tanned this time of year. She enjoyed being dressed so naughty and so very nearly naked under her dress. The 4 inch heels displayed her legs perfectly and she felt good. She knew she looked great.
Twenty minutes later she was in the resort hotel bar. It was approximately 9 PM and people were rolling in after having dinner in one of the many local restaurants. There were quite a few couples focused mostly on one another and from her view about 10 different men throughout either having a drink working on a laptop at a table or sitting at the bar watching ball games on the various televisions in the room. She knew better than to run up to the bar and strike up a conversation. It was better to exercise some patience and let them sort out who had the courage to approach her.
It didn't take long but she was shocked when approached by a woman. She smiled and introduced herself as Aubrey, or "Brie" for short. Brie asked if she was alone for the evening and wanted to know if she was open to some company. She explained she was there with her husband who had gone back to their room for the evening. She further explained that they were in a somewhat unique relationship identifying herself as a Hot Wife. It seemed that she loved to have sex with other men and her husband loved to watch her do it almost as much as he loved sending her out on her own to have sex for the evening bringing home a very swollen pussy and a fresh creampie. Her husband loved sloppy seconds and she loved giving it to him.
She was confused and asked Brie where she fit into that scenario. Brie explained that it was their anniversary and she wanted to do something special for him. He was back in the room anticipating their normal Hot Wife routine to develop but she had a different idea. She wanted to find a woman that would enjoy being with both of them. She stated they both had very healthy appetites sexually and it required someone who was open to just about anything. She also stated she was willing to make it worth her while financially if that made a difference. They discussed money and agreed to do it and put their heads together to develop their plan for the evening.
Brie went back to her room to put the plan into action and asked her to arrive 15 minutes later. She was a little nervous after Brie left realizing suddenly she had never been with a woman! The idea didn't turn her off but she had never thought about it before.
She knocked on the door and Brie answered in a sheer white, floor length robe with nothing underneath but a white thong panty and white heels. She was a nicely tanned, very slim but curvy blonde, 5ft, 3in, green eyes, beautiful smile and a full natural D-Cup. Stunning!
Brie introduced her to Steven who was remarkably handsome, fit and tall. Steven though was in the unfortunate circumstance of having been tied up very tightly in a sitting position at the center of a love seat in their room. He was naked and completely unable to move. His legs were spread apart and he was sporting a massive set of balls and what looked to be about nine inches of very thick cock pointed straight up in the air towards his stomach. Brie had placed a cock ring at the base of his member and another around his balls which effectively caged him, preventing blood flow from retreating and ensuring that he remained hard for the evening. His hands were tied behind his back requiring him to sit up straight. He also had a ball gag in his mouth and was unable to communicate effectively.
He was obviously surprised when she walked in the room having anticipated watching a man ravage his wife for the evening. He was obviously excited at how beautiful this redhead in the little black dress was. He looked at Brie inquiringly.
Brie announced "Happy Anniversary Sweetheart! I have arranged something a little different for us to enjoy. This young lady has agreed to participate in our celebration for the evening. You do not need to know her name. You will never see her again after this evening is over. Is that clear?" He nodded vigorously his rigid cock bobbing up and down in response. I am in charge this evening and we will call her "Slut" tonight.
"Slut - you will address me as Miss Brie this evening do you understand?" She nodded "Yes Miss Brie".
"Steven, Slut and I are going back to the bar for a while. Would you like to see her without her dress on before we go?" He again nodded vigorously.
"Slut - Take off your dress, sit next to Steven and play with his cock any way that pleases you but do not let him cum do you understand?"
"Yes Miss Brie I understand" She slipped off her dress, climbed onto the love seat next to him and licked his cock from the base to the tip, then opened her mouth and sucked the enormous head into her mouth swirling her tongue around. He moaned and tried to pump his hips but it was no use he couldn't move.
She cupped and weighed his balls with two hands, marveling at their size and then removed her mouth from his cockhead with an audible "plop". She smiled at him and turned to his wife. "I don't think he can take much more right now Miss Brie". The other woman smiled and said "Well done Slut. Please put your dress back on and remove your panties afterwards. I do not want him to see that much of you just yet. Take your panties and hold them under his nose for a second so that he can enjoy your scent and then leave them draped across his thigh where he can see and feel them while we are gone." She replied "Yes Miss Brie" and complied with her requests.
Steven moaned when she ran her panties under his nose and then she displayed them for his gaze as asked. His cock was practically waving in the air it was pulsing so hard. She giggled as she started to really enjoy this game.
Brie changed into a black leather miniskirt and a sheer black top cut very low in both the front and rear. It draped to her navel and the swell of her ass. She added black 4 inch heels and decided no bra or panties were necessary. They left him in the room and returned to the bar and ordered drinks, Brie a dirty martini and she a bourbon neat. She had acquired the taste from her husband before he passed and it was a memorial to him every time she ordered one.
"Miss Brie - will you please introduce me as "Slut" to anyone you choose to spend time with this evening? I would like to be your toy here too, not just in the room with your husband". Brie smiled broadly at this request. It pleased her to be in charge and she really liked this beautiful redhead. "I have never played this game before and I would prefer not to speak unless you request it of me" she said. Before Brie could reply a man approached her left and she turned towards him.
"I watched you both order drinks, do you mind if I take care of the tab for you? I travel and stay here often on business but I have never seen two more beautiful women here especially without the company of men to protect them. I'm not sure you are safe in here from the looks of all these men staring at you both" he smiled. "My name is Bruce".
Her first thought was of how polished and sophisticated he was. Dressed well in a tailored suit, expensive shoes and obviously married due to the ring on his left hand. She wondered if he forgot to remove it or whether he was so good at this he didn't need to.
Brie thanked him for his kind offer but indicated they were friends trying to catch up and would rather not, then sent him on his way with a smile. She turned to Brie and said "Miss Brie that surprised me was he not what you were looking for?"
Brie laughed and said "He reminds me too much of Steven. I want something different. Something Steven can never be for me. Something he knows I have to go elsewhere to get. I'll let you know when I see what I want.
She started to excuse herself for a moment and then thought better of it. "Miss Brie, could I go to the restroom or would you prefer to go with me?" Brie replied "Go ahead Slut and hurry back I need you here with me".
When she returned Brie laughed and said, "Well your timing is impeccable. You just missed the man stocking the back bar and he is perfect. He gets off work in 15 minutes. Let's finish our drinks and get going. He will meet us in the room as soon as he can get there. She was shocked at how quickly this had transpired and a little nervous but she smiled and did what she was asked.
When they arrived back at the room Steven was undeniably horny for them. He looked at Brie and then craned his neck to see who else was there. Brie sat down next to him and said, "Slut will you please join me on the other side of Steven?"
When she had sat down Brie leaned forward in front of Steven and motioned for her to do the same. With their faces very close to one another right in front of Steven they moved together and began to kiss. Slowly at first however the kiss grew in passion. Steven was beside himself with lust. He wanted in on this display and he struggled to lean his naked chest against them. They laughed and stayed just out of contact while they continued to explore one another.
Brie grabbed her hand and placed it on Steven's thigh while she did the same to the other. He groaned because nobody was touching his cock which he obviously wanted .They mimicked each other stroking their hands up and down his thighs while he bobbed up and down between them in desperation. Then there was a knock on the door and all three froze and turned their heads towards the noise.
Brie said, "Slut, open the door and introduce yourself. Invite the young man in and introduce him to Steven. Wait, put your panties back on and remove your dress, quickly!" She grabbed her panties from Steven's lap and whisked them back on being careful not to let Steven see anything of importance, then removed her dress. She couldn't believe she was going to answer the door in her panties and bra, heels and nothing else but she knew she didn't have time to think about it much less protest.
With one hand on the doorknob she looked at Brie who nodded to go ahead. She opened the door quickly to look right into the taught stomach of a very tall, very fit, very black young man in his mid-twenties. She was stunned and unable to move or speak. Brie cleared her throat and she snapped out of the momentary shock. She looked up at him and wondered how tall he was. It looked like he was going to have to duck to enter the room.
In a deep booming voice that rumbled from his chest he stated "My name is Trevor and I was invited to come here this evening by a beautiful young blonde woman I met downstairs. Would she happen to be here?" She replied "Why yes, please come in and you can say hello to her and meet her husband. I'm afraid he won't be able to stand up and shake your hand though. My name this evening is "Slut".
She led him over to Brie and he said "Hello Beautiful" in that base voice of his. She was trembling by now with the realization that this man would have his way with her tonight. She would be instructed what to do and she had committed to this. She had never been with a man this big, this tall, or this black. Her body betrayed her fear and began to respond. She couldn't help it any more than she could when she pleasured herself daily and that faceless black man watched her in her mind. She looked up at him still trembling and asked "How tall are you?" He replied "I am 6' 7" in bare feet but these shoes make me a bit taller". She could feel the heat in her face as she flushed with embarrassment and excitement.
Brie said "Hello Trevor, I would like you to meet my husband Steven. I love and respect him for letting me enjoy the company of other men while he enjoys watching. You are here only because he has allowed it and we are completely committed to one another. After this evening we will never see one another again, do you understand?" Steven nodded in agreement as drool escaped from the ball gag and landed on his thigh.
Trevor nodded and looked quizzically at the redhead. Brie explained her presence and he nodded again. Brie asked him to have a seat in the over sized armchair opposite the love seat where Steven was detained and asked "Trevor would you like to have a drink and relax a bit since you just finished your shift in the bar?" He nodded again and Brie instructed her, "Slut, please make Trevor a drink and then come sit next to Steven again with me".
Once she was settled again Brie leaned down and licked one of Steven's balls and invited the redhead to join her. With one woman on each side of him focusing individually on the contents of his sac, Brie reached up and stroked his thick cock until it seemed Steven was going to lose control. He panted and lunged against his bindings and groaned in pleasure and frustration. Brie smiled and said, "Slut would you please take off your heels, stand with one foot on either side of my poor husband? She did as she was asked and then Brie added "Take off your bra and panties for him" which she did.
Steven's cock was bobbing up and down from his attempts to touch her and carefully tried not to fall as she followed the instructions. "Now hold the back of his head and rub your clit on his ball gag" Brie smiled at Steven's wide-eyed reaction to these instructions. He groaned in pure lust as the redhead smashed his face in her crotch. He could see and smell her passion growing as she complied with the orders. She gasped at how good it felt to grind on this man's round rubber gag so close to his face. He looked up wildly and helplessly at her while she pleasured herself at his helpless expense.
Brie got up and seated herself on the arm of Trevor's chair. "Slut, please lay face down across Steven's lap with your ass in the air. You can reach back and rub your hand slowly on his upright cock but don't let him cum ok?"
Steven groaned again when she laid across his lap, reached back and worked her hand up and down his throbbing member. His head hung low as he stared longingly at her round ass. His drool leaked again and she gasped when it slid between her cheeks and rolled slowly across first one hole and then the other ending up coating her there with his saliva. She was now completely wet from the inside out and her lust rose quickly. She turned her head to see Brie slowly removing Trevor's shirt. He was magnificent she thought.
Brie asked him to stand and she undid his belt, pulled his zipper and slid his pants down quickly. She dropped to her knees on the floor, removed first one shoe and the other, then his slacks as he lifted each foot. The muscles in his thighs and ass rippled as a moved like she had never seen before. She suddenly realized she was face down rotating her ass and grinding on Steven's thigh watching as this beautiful dark man was undressed. Her pussy flared and swelled wide open. Fluids gushed from her and ran down Steven's thigh. She longed for her thick black dildo, the one she used while fantasizing about being watched by a faceless black man in her bedroom each day.
Trevor was watching her grind on Steven with a big smile as Brie tugged at his underwear. All three of them, including Steven, gasped at what she exposed. His soft penis was longer and thicker than Steven at full mast.
Brie grasped it and stroked with both hands. There was still a good 5 or 6 inches exposed with a thick bulbous tip and Brie struggled to get it into her mouth. It swelled thicker and became hard but it didn't grow in length. "Good thing she thought. I think if it was any longer he wouldn't be able to fit it all in..." Brie was working him good and Trevor began to thrust as his cock became harder and he more insistent.
Suddenly Trevor reached down, slipped his huge hands under Brie's armpits and swept her off the floor like she was a child. He held her up and stood her on the chair in front of him. He grasped the hem of her sheer white robe and whisked it over her head. She was now standing completely naked before him and he picked her up, turned around and sat down on the chair. He deposited her on her knees in front of him and she then moved forward and licked him from balls to tip with no hands. He clasped her head and guided himself back into her mouth. She moved one hand to his ball sac and the other stroked him while she tried to swallow as much as she could. It stretched her throat as she forced herself to take him as deeply as she could. He grinned at her efforts stating "That's a good girl. Swallow my big black cock for your husband to watch. He is a very lucky man. You are very good at this and I will enjoy fucking you for him".
Brie backed off of him and gasped for air. Her cheeks were flushed, her eyes were watering and her pink pussy was swollen and dripping from excitement. Steven was lunging at his ties again trying to rub himself on the redhead. He was so turned on he couldn't stand it. The sight of his beautiful blonde wife with this black male specimen was almost more than he could handle.
Trevor reached down again, picked Brie up and instructed her to "Spread your legs wide across the arms of the chair and point your toes". He then dropped her slowly onto the head of his cock. She wiggled and he pulled her down onto him trying to enter her. She gasped as the head popped into place and she yelled "Wait! Oh My GOD - Give me a minute to adjust its SO FUCKING BIG!"
Trevor grinned and grabbed her by the hips lifting her up until he popped loose from her and then pulled her back down. Again just the tip slammed back in and she started to buck towards him in excitement. With his hands on her hips and her hands on his shoulders he stood up. She was mounted on the tip of his cock yet she was a good foot away from his body. He turned sideways so that the other two could see them both better. She wrapped her legs around his waist and he moved his hips towards her. She groaned as he slid a few inches into her and pulled back out.
She crunched her abs and rolled her hips back into him forcing half his length inside. They both pulled apart and slammed into each other again. By this time he was able to force most of it inside and they continued to fuck standing up. She leaned back letting her blonde hair fall behind her and pulled him towards her with both legs willing him to bury that black cock all the way.
She grunted hard when the tip slammed into something deep inside. She held him close for a minute and the feeling subsided. He then pulled almost all the way out and started slowly and smoothly fucking her in a rhythmic fashion.
Trevor carried her to the bed and first sat and then lay down on his back. Brie adjusted her position and began riding his cock getting more and more inside until she was able to take him fully and grind herself on him. Her ass bounced and her breasts flailed helplessly from her efforts to please them both.
Steven was groaning, lunging and drooling all over her. She sat up and licked his cock then swallowed it. The redhead then turned away from him and slid herself onto his cock rubbing her ass against his stomach and supporting herself on his thighs. Both women were now grinding towards their first orgasms and they reached the finish line at the same time. She screamed her pleasure in shrieks while Brie let loose a verbal torrent of "My GOD YOUR COCK IS SO FUCKING HUGE THAT'S RIGHT FUCKER GIVE IT TO ME GOOD OH MY GOD!" and they both collapsed in a heap.
Trevor was grinning and poor Steven was groaning and lunging trying to fuck but all he could do was sit there with his cock pulsing and jumping wildly with her juices coating him. Brie sat up and said "Slut come and clean my mess off Trevor's cock for me!" She practically ran to the bed to obey her command.
Brie got up slowly and walked over to Steven, removed his ball gag and kissed him gently, then more passionately as she slipped her tongue into his mouth and he returned the favor. She was so turned on that he would kiss her like that after having Trevor in her mouth she mounted him and rode him hard, holding first one breast and then the other for him so that he could suck on her nipples. He was still tied so he couldn't progress towards his orgasm as fast as he wanted and she got there first screaming "FUCK STEVEN YOUR COCK IS SO HARD DID YOU LIKE THAT MAN FUCKING ME DID YOU LIKE ME FUCKING THAT BIG FUCKING COCK?!" and that did it. He pumped her full of cum and his load was so big it ran all over both of them...
Brie untied him and they both laid down and held each other, turning to look towards the bed. The redhead was lying on top of Trevor and they were both watching the anniversary couple as they held each other.
Trevor turned to her and said. "Would you like to get cleaned up and go have a drink with me? I think they need to have some time together to enjoy their anniversary alone, don't you think?
She grinned and nodded her head.
To be continued...