Chapter 22 A most unusual evening.
We were gradually getting to meet all the tenants, Janet and Dave were the next on our list and they had invited us over to their place a couple of days later. This was the couple of whom I had the least expectations. They were a little older, and generally just looked a little... well... staid. However, whenever I had those thoughts it would come back to me how she had groped my cock at the party. Admittedly while I was doing the same to her bum. She was still one of only four or five of the girls who had been pro-active with me.
In our usual style we turned up about seven-thirty with a couple of bottles. We made small talk in the kitchen as Janet finished off the dinner. David was a watchmaker, and repairer, more strap and battery work than actual technical work on the movements. He, of course, took his job pretty seriously, he didn't seem to amused when I said,
'There is nothing like a good movement.'
Okay I know it was a bad joke, Janet and Susan didn't laugh either. We sat down to a lovely meal, scallops, followed by a Boeuf Bourguignon, I felt sorry for Janet that we were not recording a cooking programme.
Pancakes, or crepes, were desert. Having had the movement joke go down so badly I resisted saying, 'That I had a wonderful Crepe.' Cheese and coffees followed. The brandy came out. A real old-fashioned dinner party.
The food was good, the wine was lovely but the dinner was just a little stilted. We were running out of small talk.
Eventually the conversation got around to the party. Or rather I dragged it round to the party. 'How did you enjoy the party last week?'
Janet was straight there. 'Very much so, I had no idea what to expect, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. So many people I meet are boring old fuddy-duddies and it was really lovely to mix in a non-pc environment with a few drinks and a bit of flesh.'
'Very non-pc,' I agreed. 'I took a bit of a risk that night with my speech. It could have gone so horribly wrong if anyone had taken exception to any of it. Particularly when I started offering the examples of what people like to see when they watch. I must apologise now for talking about you spanking each other.'
'You don't have to apologise for saying anything non-pc to us or about us. I really wondered how you could tell that we liked that sort of thing. Is it obvious?'
I laughed, 'Not at all. I had no idea, in fact I am quite surprised. I have seen no sign of it on the website on the occasions I have looked at your flat. I hope you don't mind me admitting that I have watched your flat a bit. Apart from occasionally making out under the bed-clothes you seem remarkably normal.'
'You mean boring.'
'I didn't say that Janet, but well, in the interests of you keeping this free flat, yes, I am afraid I would agree.'
'David and I had a chat about what we should say to you and we agreed to tell you a bit about us. Right David?'
He nodded.
'We are members of a club so all our sex fun is there usually.'
That surprised me.
'Ooookay, well there is no reason that it should change. Why not go to your club, or even better why not hold some of the meetings here. Invite the other members over, after making them aware of the cameras of course so that they can fill in the forms.'
It seemed that it had not occurred to them. I was intrigued but was not sure whether I could ask direct questions about the club.
'Is it a straight sex club or just spanking and BDSM?' said Susan. 'Can you take us in as guests?'
Why was I worried about asking the direct question when I was with Susan?
I think Janet was as surprised as I was at the questions. She laughed, and said 'Don't you need to know what sort of sex club it is first, before we invite you?'
I interrupted before Susan could say that she didn't care, she just wanted to go.
'We certainly do, there are all sorts of clubs that I wouldn't want to go to, a gay one for example.' I could almost see Susan's brain working overtime. With her new-found passion for other girls she wouldn't care a jot if there were gay girls there.
'David has an unusual fetish, isn't that right David. You don't mind me telling Alex, do you?'
He shook his head.
'Not good enough David you must tell me what you want.'
This exchange surprised me but made me ready for what may come next. She was definitely the dominant. This could be interesting.
'You can tell Alex about my fetish if you want.'
'No, if YOU want David. In fact, why don't you tell him.'
He shuddered and drooped his eyes. 'Errr ... errr I like to see Janet with other people.'
'Very tactful David. Tell it as it is. You need to be a cuckold. I have to be fucked by big strong men while you are tied up or restrained. You are a weeny-cocked inadequate lover who sprinkles his cum when you see me with a real man, right?'
Wow that was loud and clear. Even Susan had stopped asking questions. I suddenly realised that Janet was looking for my reaction. She was no longer looking at Dave I knew I had to do something, I hoped Susan didn't mind.
'Dave,' I started but was interrupted. 'David.' I began to realise that Dave was his family-friendly name David was his sexual moniker.
'David, I want you to take your dining room chair and put it a yard away from that wall where you can see the sofa and just sit on it please.' He was instantly on his feet, moving the chair.
'Janet, stand here in front of me.' I was a little lost. I had seen how dominant she was with him. Would she want to be in charge with me or would she want me to order her around. I ran my hands over her breasts and down over her bottom. I had to think what to do about Susan? Inspiration hit me.
'Janet stand in front of the sofa and wait for me. Susan would you stand behind David's chair please. Thank you. Now hold his hands behind his back. He may try to move. Hold them firmly please. I am not going to tie you David. You must learn to control yourself. If Susan has trouble with you, you will be punished.' I sat on the sofa in front of Janet.
'Janet raise your dress up to the waist.' She had a royal-blue silky-soft A line dress with cap sleeves and quite a large V front and matching back. I could see no zips, belts or any other fastening. I figured it would slip over her head easily.
'Good stand like that. Turn slowly, all the way round please. David, I am going to have your wife undress for me. I am then going to spank her like a real man does, like you should have done in the early days when she was naughty the first time. Janet take it off now.'
She was wearing light blue stockings and a deep blue lingerie set of matching lace bra, panties and suspender belt.
'Over my knee please facing away from David.' I pulled the panties to half-mast. Just far enough down to enable me to smack her buttocks and show her tightly creased pussy lips.
'Count them David.'
We got to twenty when I felt I should let her up, some of them had been quite hard, although I had heard no complaints.
'Any problems Susan?'
'No Sir.' That was good, Susan was getting into it too. That made me feel a little better about what I had to do.
'Susan can you get his dick out please.'
She did as I asked and then I heard her say, 'Out sir, but I did have difficulty finding it. It is very small.' I grinned where he couldn't see me. I couldn't think of a suitable comment so I stayed quiet.
II was in a bit of a quandary should I just fuck her hard, as a 'real man' would do, or should I eat her first, so that we both get some enjoyment and she is guaranteed an orgasm. To hell with it. This may be my only chance.
'Janet, stand up and remove those knickers then get down on your knees and suck me.'
Ohhh that was good. I don't know whether she practised her skills at their club, but she certainly practised them somewhere.
'Right lie back on the sofa while I eat you out. Susan, check for me, is he hard?'
'I am looking sir. I don't know. It's too small to tell.'
Luckily while she was looking I was burying my face in Janet's puss so I was able to cover my laugh by blowing into her vagina. I could feel Janet shaking with laughter disguised as an orgasm. When she really did come I could feel the difference. I pulled her to her feet, and turned her to lean on her husband's knees while I fucked her hard from behind. She came again and again before I finished pouring my spunk into her.
I stood, and addressing David said, 'You may clean her up with your mouth while I am in the kitchen getting dressed. When you have finished I want you to stand in the corner facing the wall until I have left. No wanking. I hope you both have enjoyed your evening. Your cuckold tendencies are now on the internet. I am sure you will have more good times on line in the future.'
I winked towards Susan and nodded to my clothes and the kitchen door. She picked up the clothes and followed me out.
'Are you okay?' was the first thing I asked.
'I am so hot. I need fucking. Soon. Have we got time now?'
'I don't think so. I am a bit embarrassed about all of this. I will be better when we get home. We will leave as soon as Janet comes out.'
Janet came out and I whispered,' Was that okay? Did I guess right what you wanted me to do? I have never done anything like this before.'
'You were perfect,' she said. 'He loved it. And I don't need to tell you that I did as well.'
'You did know it would be broadcast and everyone watching will know Dave's kink? '
'Yes,' she said.' We talked about it. We need to keep the flat, neither of us earn enough to rent our own, and we do like it here. Dave was excited about coming out and now it means we can invite friends from our old club and our new friends like you, from the apartments, round for dinner. The bonus is I know I am going to get fucked more. I do love him you know. We could call him in now and he would confirm all this.'
'Oh I don't doubt you, but I would rather not face him now. It is the first time I have done anything like that and I am not sure I am a natural at it. By the next time I will be reconciled to it. How do I treat him next time we meet, like a friend or always as a cuckold.'
'If you can remember, take the clue from me. If I call him Dave or talk about Dave treat him as a normal guy. Same jokes that you would say to anyone, everything regular. If I call him David then push him around and treat him as a cuck. And by the way thank you Susan. You were wonderful. As you will have seen it is small, but not as small as you suggested. And thank you for letting Alex fuck me. None of us would have enjoyed it as much if he had to ask you whether he could fuck me.'
Susan laughed, 'I would normally say, 'My pleasure,' but on this occasion it hasn't been. I am dying to be fucked so I am afraid we have to leave now so he can get me into bed. Say goodnight to Dave for us. Thanks for a lovely and entertaining dinner Janet.'
I kissed her, hard on the lips and said, 'Yes, thank you Janet. See you soon I hope.' I also hoped that Susan didn't see my wink and grin.