Mark Wilson found the package on the doorstep of his townhouse. He wasn't expecting a package, but it wasn't unusual to have a package put on the wrong doorstep. Their two-story two-bedroom townhouse was centrally located in an upscale community of fifty zero-lot-line properties.
"What's up Mark, I'm in the car with Debbie." Melissa answered.
"Did you order anything through Amazon?"
"No, not this month."
"Ok. I was just checking, we got a package I wasn't expecting. It's probably just a sample. Later, love you." Mark said as he examined the label on the mystery box.
"Love you too." She answered.
The label was simply addressed to, Resident with their address. The return address was a stamp that read, "Shipping Information Inside." Mark opened the package on the kitchen counter. He pulled out four small black plastic cubes and a control module that plugged into a standard wall outlet.
The instruction sheet for the NC-400 described how to activate the cubes and connect them to multiple devices. It advised that in sixty days an invoice would arrive with a return shipping label if they decided not to purchase the units. The cubes were battery operated with solar charging surfaces on all five sides. On the bottom of each cube was a label that indicated they were carbon-monoxide detectors. He pressed the test button on the bottom of the cube and it made an obnoxious chirping tone.
As instructed, Mark plugged the control module into the electrical socket in the hallway closet. He connected the control module to his wi-fi, downloaded the app to his cell phone and installed it. As he flipped between views he realized that he was looking at four views of the kitchen. He rotated the cubes until all four views were pointing at him. He picked up two cubes and walked upstairs to the master bedroom. He set it on the dresser across from their king-size bed. He placed a cube in the office/guestroom on the bookshelf. He went back downstairs and put one on the patio wall plant shelf across from their hot tub.
"Where should I put the last one?" He thought to himself.
Mark put the forth cube in the living room just below the bottom edge of the big screen T.V.
"Now for the test." Mark got in his car and drove away from the neighborhood. He pulled into a municipal park three miles away from the townhouse. He opened the NC-400 app. His smartphone clearly displayed his living room couch with audio from the football game blaring. The master bedroom cube worked with the same clarity. The sound of the radio on the nightstand was loud and clear. The patio and office/guestroom cubes also worked properly.
"I'll be dammed." He said.
*****
It was obvious to Mark that the cubes were nanny cams. He and Melissa had been married two years and at twenty-seven had no intention of having kids for at least five more. However, his voyeur inner self was reeling with excitement. He switched back to the living room cam. He was just about to disconnect the NC-400 app when he heard Melissa's voice.
"Go ahead and put your stuff in the guestroom."
Marked watched as Melissa's midriff came into view and the audio from the football game switched off. Melissa's fine-looking ass disappeared out of view towards the kitchen.
"White or red?" Mark heard Melissa shout.
"Whatever your having is fine." Debbie called back.
Mark switched to the guestroom cube. Debbie was standing next to the bed in a white bra and pink thong. Her suitcase was on the bed and she was sorting through it. Debbie had been Melissa's maid of honor at their wedding. They had all known each other since their freshman year of college.
Mark knew he should shut down the app, but it was just too tempting to keep watching as Debbie moved about the task of changing her clothes. The first thing that Mark noticed was that there was no padding in her bra. Its material was white with a pink lace trim. It wasn't see through but he could see the imprint of her nipples and the fabric was stretched tight. Her breasts were firm and full. When she turned to hang her suit in the closet he could see that the shoulder and back straps on her bra were wide and supportive.
He watched as Debbie's hands appeared behind her back and unhooked the strap. She popped her shoulders forward and the bra released forward and down into her hands. She turned back to her suitcase and put the undergarment in her bag.
Mark marveled at how her breasts moved in rhythm with her shoulder and arm movements. She was sexy cute but more than that her natural unpretentious moves were a vision to watch.
Debbie took out a loose-fitting Jason Aldean t-shirt and pulled it over her head. The hem of the tee fell just below the piercing in her bellybutton.
Mark watched as Debbie hooked a thumb on her thong and stepped out of it. Her pussy was shaved except for a small triangle of short trimmed hair that touch the top of her clitoral-hood. She took out a pair of loose-fitting sweat pants with their university logo on the front. To his surprise she put them on without panties.
She took two tops out of her suitcase and hung them in the closet. She slipped on a pair of sandals and checked herself out in the mirror. Mark chuckled when she wiggled her breasts while watching her reflection.
"I've always wanted to bury my head between those magnificent orbs." Mark thought with a smile. He remembered her pressing them against his chest during their groom and maid of honor dance at the wedding.
Melissa entered the room still in her work clothes.
"I picked red because the white wasn't chilled." Melissa said, handing her a glass.
Debbie took a sip, "Perfect." She said approvingly.
*****
Debbie followed Melissa out of the guestroom. Mark quickly switched the app to the master bedroom. He watched his wife put her wine glass on her nightstand and strip off her skirt and blouse. She was wearing the white cotton panties that he'd seen her wearing this morning.
"So, you're having your place sprayed, how long will you have to be out?" Melissa asked as she pulled off her bra.
"Three nights. Monday morning, I should be able to return. Damn spiders are everywhere this year. They're spraying inside and out. Are you sure Mark won't mind?"
Mark watched as his topless wife picked up her wine glass and took a sip before answering. "Damn," he thought, "She looks hot."
"Mark loves you Deb. In fact, I think he likes your tits more than mine." Melissa giggled as she stripped off her panties and replaced them with a black thong.
Mark murmured to himself, "Hey, I was teasing you in confidence. Yeah, I told you I liked them, but there's no way I'd' swap your perfect tits."
Mark watched spellbound as Debbie set her wine glass down, walked over to Melissa and gave his wife's breasts a playful squeeze. She leaned in and gave Melissa a full lingering kiss.
"I've always liked yours more than I've liked mine. You can wear anything. Mine love to run loose but most the time I have to keep them reigned in." Debbie confessed as she picked up her glass and took a sip.
Melissa went to her dresser, took out a tank top and pulled it over her head. Then she stepped into a pair of khaki shorts.
"Let's go down and sit on the patio. I'll give Mark a call and have him bring home some pizza." Melissa said as she walked out of Mark's view.
Mark switched his cell to phone mode and called Melissa.
"Hi Mark, I was just going to call you." Melissa said as she answered the call.
"I thought I'd bring home a pizza, what kind do you want? Check the fridge and see if we need another six pack of beer." Marks said suppressing a chuckle.
"Pizza sounds great. That's just what I was thinking. Get a large deep-dish combination. Oh, Debbie's here for the weekend, her apartment is being sprayed for spiders. I'm looking in the fridge and we're down to three Stella's." Melissa reported.
"Ok. I'll probably be another hour." Mark informed her.
"Sound's good. Debbie and I will be out on the patio. Love you." Melissa replied.
Mark called the pizza parlor and placed his order.
*****
Mark got to the pizza parlor with enough time remaining to have a beer while he waited. He plugged his ear buds into his phone and activated the NC-400 app. He switched the view to the patio cam. The girl's voices came on two seconds before the video. He could hear their conversation as clearly as if he were sitting there with them.
Melissa was facing the hot tub with her back to the cam. Debbie was facing Melisa. They were drinking wine and chatting about home decorating. Mark switched off the app and his cell phone.
Deciding what he was going to do was quite a conundrum. Option 1, he could pack all the cubes back in the box and store it in the garage until he got the return shipping label. Option 2, he could leave them in place and spy on his friends and family. Option 3, he could leave them in place and tell Melissa about them.
He was driving home with the pizza and decided that he'd leave the cubes in place, at least for the weekend.
Melissa heard the garage door opening and got up from her chair on the patio.
"Pizza's here. And none to soon because I'm feeling the wine." She said to Debbie.
"Me too." Debbie said as she followed Melissa into the house.
Mark came in thru the kitchen door and said, "Sorry for the delay but the pizza place was a Friday night zoo.
He gave Melissa a hug and a kiss. "Must have been a nice bottle of red, your lips are full and soft, do you want to skip the pizza?" Mark teased as he lifted the box out of her reach.
"If you get between me and that pizza again, you'll think full of pain with your lips." She shot back with a warning glance.
Melissa grabbed plates, napkins and condiments from the cupboard.
Mark remembering that Debbie wasn't wearing any panties had a hard time not giving away that he knew her secret.
"Hi Deb, welcome to pizza night." He said as he gave her a brotherly hug.
"Hi, and thanks again to you and Melissa for letting me barge in unannounced."
"Don't be silly, you're welcome any time." Mark reassured her.
Mark opened another bottle of wine and he moved the pizza box to the patio table. When they finished their pizza Mark couldn't help but notice that the girls were happy drunk. Mark got up and turned the pretty hot tub lights and Jacuzzi jets on.
"I'm going upstairs to put on a suit, you guys can join me in the hot tub if you'd like." Mark said as he went thru the patio doors into the house.
"I didn't bring a suit, so I'll just go up to bed and let you and Mark have some privacy." Debbie whispered to Melissa.
"Nonsense, t-shirts and underwear will work just fine. Let's prank Mark, it will be fun." Melissa said.
"I'm not wearing any underwear." Debbie chuckled, "You know me."
Mark watched Melissa pull two beach towels out of the cabinet next to the hot tub and handed one to Debbie. Then she pulled off her shorts and thong in one move and set them on a chair. Mark smiled and thought, "Naughty, naughty."
"I'm not wearing any either." Melissa laughed as she got into the bubbling water.
"I dare you to get in with me. Let's see how long it takes Mark to notice we're bottomless." Melissa added.
Debbie pulled off her sweat pants and tossed them on top of Melissa's clothes.
"You don't have to dare me. I'm in, but Mark is going to flip-out. We've never done anything like this before." Debbie said with a big grin.
Mark turned off his cell phone and jerked off into a washcloth. "No way I'm going to shoot a load in the hot tub," he said to himself. He put on his suit, threw the washcloth in the hamper and headed downstairs.
When Mark walked through the patio doors he reacted to their presence in the hot tub with mock surprise.
"Last one into the pool has to refresh the drinks." Melissa taunted, lifting her empty wine glass.
"You've got it babe." Mark replied.
Mark refilled their glasses and got into the hot bubbling water. The Jacuzzi jets were totally obscuring his ability to see their pussies. Debbie's wet t-shirt revealed the tops of her breasts, but the nipples were below the water line. Melissa's nipples were poking hard against the fabric of her tank top.
Melissa intentionally wiggled her toes into her husband's massive erection. Their eyes met, and their simultaneous smiles said volumes about what they were thinking.
"How was your day Honey," Melissa said with a slight gasp. The toes of Marks left foot had found her naked pussy and he was unobtrusively stoking her folds. Mark's toes had become almost as adept as his fingers. Hot tub fun had become a weekend ritual in their household.
"Amazing, I've taken up a new hobby." He replied as he intentionally let his right foot drift near Debbie's crotch. Debbie took his foot in both hands and set his heal in her lap against the top of her pubis.
"What hobby is that?" Debbie inquired with a laugh.
"Bobbing for pussies with my feet." He replied with a grin.
"Isn't that one of the courses that you teach?" Debbie asked Melissa with a giggle.
"Yes, it's a Friday evening extension course that I offer to my really gifted students once every five years." She answered with the realization that Mark was calling her bluff.
"Sign me up." Mark said.
"Me too." Debbie added as she pushed Marks foot down between her legs. When Marks toes found their mark, she asked, "Will the final exam be written or oral?"
"I haven't quite decided. Mark what do you think? Melissa said with a devilish grin.
"Ah, it's a practical matter, no pens and paper here so my guess is that it would have to be oral."
Melissa stood up and asked Mark "What do you think of my swimwear?"
Mark retracted his foot from Debbie's crotch and said, "I think you're a trend setter, I like your style."
Marked pulled off his trunks and tossed them onto the patio. Then he laid back with his head on the edge of the Jacuzzi and stretched his legs out until his submerged cock was between Melissa and Debbi.
"I call this cumming to periscope depth." Mark laughed as he slowly brought his raging erection to eight inches above the surface of the turbulent water.
Melissa sat back down, and her eyes met Deb's. Melissa nodded, and Debbie smiled.
Melissa leaned over and took all of Marks cock in one well practiced move.
******
"What did I tell you? I knew he'd take the bait." Greg said to Albert.
Greg and Albert were sitting in Greg's basement in front of four fifteen-inch monitors. Each screen had a live feed that corresponded to each of the four cams that Mark had been duped to set up for them.
"I've got to hand it to you Greg, I thought this was going to be a complete waste of time. I never thought your English professor's husband would fall for it. But it looks like were set for the next sixty days.
Well it worked the last time, in sixty days we'll put the return box on his porch. He won't buy the units either. I just wish I had this computer setup back in the dorm. I hate giving up the big displays and switching back to my laptop.
"Come up for dinner, it's getting cold." Greg's mom shouted down the basement stairs.
"Ok Mom, we'll be up in a minute." Greg shouted back.
"Shut down the feeds and save the batteries on the cubes." Albert advised.
"Yeah, that makes sense, they'll be in the tub for at least an hour."
"Did you see the size of his cock? It was huge." Albert added in admiration.
"Not as big as mine?" Greg boasted.
"In your dreams." Albert chided.
"I like the one with the big tits and the trimmed pussy. If your mom hadn't been home I would have jerked off earlier when she was undressing." Albert said.
"Yeah, me too, but I'm looking forward to that Mark guy fucking Mrs. Wilson. He's definitely going to fuck her tonight." Greg predicted.
"You think they'll do a threesome in the bedroom, the hot tub view kinda sucks?" Albert whispered as they climbed the basement stairs.
"We can only hope." Greg replied.
"Hope what?" Greg's mother asked.
"Nothing Mom." Greg said as he winked at his best friend.
"Well you boys are spending way too much time down in that basement playing video games. You can't spend all of your spring break in the basement." Greg's mom said sternly.
"Albert's mom has company, is it ok with you if he spends a couple of nights here." Greg asked.
"Mrs. Johnson, we won't make much noise." Albert said sweetly.
"Yes Al, you can stay, but I'll call your mom in the morning and coordinate getting you guys back to campus on time. Now both of you promise me, again?"
"We're not children anymore mom, we're both eighteen, but I promise. no drinking." Greg said with a shrug.
"Me too, I promise no drinking." Albert answered.
After Greg's mom was out of the room Albert reached across the table and high fived his best friend.
Albert whispered with a smile, "We'll let Mrs. Wilson do the drinking for us and I'm getting hard just thinking about it."