It was early afternoon on Saturday and I was sat in the living room on my own just watching the terrible daytime TV that was on. I had the house to myself, except for the dog, he was curled up on the sofa next to me, his head on my lap and gently snoring. Mum and Dad were out for the day, and my brother was still at University and would not be back for another few days.
My phone had been quite quiet, a few of my friends were travelling back from various parts of the country for the end of term and Hanna, who was my best mate had a newish boyfriend, and she also had her house to herself as her parents were away with mine. I almost rang her just to be annoying, she wouldn't have been able to resist the call in case there was gossip, but 19 years old, new boyfriend and a house to herself she would be barely able to walk by the end of the day, "Bitch," I muttered to myself.
I was single and I had been for a few months now. I was not one for one night stands so had been 97 days without sex, not that I was counting. Sex toys and fingers were fun, but actual sex was awesome, and I am not ashamed to admit that I missed it. The real thing that I missed though was the intimacy and the chase. Kissing and cuddling with each other on the sofa, both of you hoping that the evening was going to end with sex, but the metaphorical dance as you got each other in the mood without just coming out and asking "Wanna have sex?" I think that is what is lost in longer term relationships, you know each other, you can read the signals for if sex is on the cards and if it isn't the chase stops there and then. There is nothing more frustrating than being super horny with a partner who is just sleeping next to you, granted this probably happens to him a lot more than me, promise to wet a guys penis and he is usually up for it, pun intended, but still, the chase is what I miss.
The dog shifted his head and opened his eyes looking at me. "Hi," I said smiling at him and giving him a fuss on the head. He replied with a gentle lick at the top of my bare leg where his nose was resting and a few wags of his tail. He shifted his position slightly and went back go sleep again.
I hadn't done anything since I had got up, I was still unshowered and wearing what I had slept in. I had a waist length t-shirt on and a some nondescript white panties. The t-shirt just about covered my underwear if I stood properly, but sat on the sofa with a dog on me and my legs tucked underneath myself my underwear was clearly visible. I didn't sleep in a bra so I was not wearing one, and the ambient temperature in the room was low enough to make my nipples noticeable through the thin t-shirt. I looked down at my chest and grinned at my perky nipples through the t-shirt and considered going upstairs to play with myself.
I had woken up horny and would have already had a play had the dog not decided to bark to be let out. I had come downstairs a few hours earlier to let him out and was still sat here now, still a bit horny. It was also why the room was so cold as the back door was still open, I had literally not moved for hours, but I needed a pee, so would have to get up soon anyway.
I am 19 years old. My name is Sophie. I have long brunette hair that comes to my shoulder blades. I wear a UK dress size of 6, I weigh around 45kg wet through and I am just about 5 foot tall. My bra size is a 28A.
"Come on then," I said disturbing the dog, "Come on, up up," I said more enthusiastically as he failed to move.
Begrudgingly he got up and stretched as he did so. I got up and closed the back door and locked it as I was going to have to go for a shower anyway. My neighbour was having a house party and I had been invited. He had them all the time and I usually didn't go, but as I would be in and they normally got loud I had may as well go and join in. It started at 4, so I had a few hours to get ready, and play with myself till I squealed hopefully.
I went into my room and took my top off throwing it onto my bed as I would wear it again tonight. I slid the panties down and with my foot I flicked them in the general direction of the laundry basket. "Perv," I said covering between my legs as the dog sat in the doorway watching me. I kicked the door with my foot so it closed and blocked his view.
I plugged my phone in so that it would have full battery for the evening in case the party never really got going so I would be able to entertain myself with it. I stroked myself at the front to decide if I needed to wax or not, there was the beginnings of hair starting to grow and glancing at the time I decided that I had time. I had had a hairless pussy for just over a year now. One of my ex boyfriends had dared me to do it and much as I hate to admit he was right, it does look cute and it does feel nicer. Sleeping naked for the first time with no pubes feels so sexy, if you haven't tried it, I would recommend it.
I took the wax from my draw as well as my shampoo and conditioner. If I left the shampoo and conditioner in the bathroom every man and his dog used it and I ended up with none left and it was quite expensive. I went into the bathroom and out of habit locked the door even though no one else was in. I switched the shower on and waited for it to get warm as I tested the water with my hand. Glancing at the towel rail I rolled my eyes. It is the small things you miss when you don't live at home. You run out of toothpaste, and toilet roll and all of the boring things when you don't have a mother to replace them. Not only that but when you leave your towel in a heap on your bedroom floor when you come to need the towel it is still in a heap on the bedroom floor.
I went back out of the bathroom and collected the towel, still a bit wet, but it would do. I couldn't be bothered to go downstairs to get a fresh one as the ground floor of our house was very open plan with a lot of glass, and I was currently very very naked. BZZT, echoed around the house as the doorbell went. "Really?" I said to myself as I cautiously shifted the curtains to look outside to see if there was a car there.
There wasn't so I pulled on a pair of jeans and t-shirt and went downstairs to see who it was. I shut the dog up and he sat behind me as I opened the door. It was my neighbour. "Hi," I said.
"Hey," he said, "You coming today?"
"Erm, yeah," I said, "Just getting sorted.
"Okay, nice," he said smiling warmly at me, "It is bring your own booze, pizza and stuff will be ordered later."
"Okay, ta," I said as he scanned me up and down. I followed his eyes with my own and snapped my arms across my chest when I saw that my nipples were very visible through the thin t-shirt. "Was just gonna shower," I said feeling the need to explain why I clearly had no bra on. I also didn't have any panties on, but through jeans there was no way he would know that.
"Yeah, okay, see ya in a bit," he said smiling at me and scanning right down to my bare feet and back up to my face again. He was pretty cute, he was late twenties so a little old for me, but he was a nice guy. He was 6 foot tall, dark short cropped hair and always wore a t-shirt and jeans. Some how he always managed to make a basic t-shirt and jeans look sexy as well. As he turned around I checked his sexy bum out and smiled to myself as I closed the door.
I went back upstairs, still unable to decide in my mind if having no underwear on while wearing jeans was a nice feeling or not. Try it if you haven't already, but the central seam goes places that give feelings that are a mix of tingly nice and scratchy annoying, two very different sensations. I am not sure if guys would get the same sensation and still to this day I am not sure if it is nice or not. I stripped again and went into the bathroom. I should have got a fresh towel while I was downstairs, but it was too late now as I turned the shower back on and waited for the water to warm up.
I showered, standing in the water allowing it to run through my hair and down my body. I washed my hair and soaped up my body. I reasoned that I had may as well shave was well while I was waxing so applied the cream to my legs and carefully shaved them. I was not that hairy and if I wasn't going to a party I wouldn't have bothered, but it was a confidence thing. Feel sexy and psychologically you are more confident, or I seem to be anyway. I rinsed my legs and sat in the bath with the shower head next to me. "Alexa, set alarm for 3 minutes," I said as I finished applying the hair removal cream to my intimate area. I will state here that the cream says not to use there, but I always have and it is fine, your mileage may vary and if you end up with third degree burns on your clit don't blame me.
While I waited I quickly did my arm pits and ran my hands up and down my legs to make sure I had not missed anywhere. I hated shaving and when I had been working I had paid someone to wax it for me, which shows how much I hate it in my willingness to get practically naked in front of a stranger instead of doing it myself. I had never been brave enough to let someone else do the whole lot, but maybe one day.
The alarm went off and I removed the cream, checking that it had worked. Satisfied with the results I rinsed myself off well and turned off the shower. I got out and dried myself rubbing my hair until it was as dry as I could get it. I dropped the towel at the top of the stairs so I would remember to take it down for a wash when I went down before going back into my room. I pushed the door too, dried my hair in the mirror and laid on my bed. I still had 90 minutes before I needed to go, which was plenty of time and I reached into my bedside draw and took out a clit vibrator and a dildo.
I turned on the vibrator and opened my legs, slowly running it around my clit gently teasing myself. "Oo yeah," I whispered to myself as it vibrated against me. Clit stimulation did it for me and my body quickly reacted to the attention. I sucked on the dildo while teasing my clit, pushing it a tiny bit too far in causing me to gag slightly. Holding the vibrator between my thumb and index finger I rotated my hand which freed up my other three fingers to gently stroke between my legs. I teased myself until I was wet enough and stopped sucking the dildo. Positioning it between my legs I penetrated myself aggressively "Oh wow," I moaned, arching my back in pleasure as I felt it slide into me.
"Fuck," I gasped as I pushed it all the way into me. It was 7 inches long and my hand couldn't fully wrap around the shaft, with the head being a little thicker. "God yes," I breathed as I slowly started to thrust it in and out of me.
Pushing the vibrator directly against my clit while screwing myself with the dildo my vision flashed and the room blurred for a second. Wow, I loved this feeling, my tummy was dancing and tingling as I played with myself. Wishing that I had three hands so I could play with my nipples at the same time I gently rubbed the vibrator across and around my clit while forcing 7 inches of dildo into myself and wishing it was longer. I couldn't go longer, I had tried, and I had the 9 inch one in my bedside draw, but it hurt when I used it at full length.
I rolled over onto my front and simulated doggy style as I screwed myself. My tummy muscles were rippling in uncontrolled pleasure and I could feel my orgasm rising between my legs. Warmth and tingling radiated from my pussy as I reached between my legs and swapped hands so the dildo was in my right. Holding the vibrator still I worked the dildo in and out of me. Better co-ordinated with my right hand I angled it up and down to stimulate my g-spot as I inserted and withdrew it. "Ooo yes," I whispered as I raced for climax, my hand speeding up and forcing the vibrator against my clit at the same time.
I stopped breathing, my eyes wide open as I stared at the door with my head on the bed. My mouth was open as I gasped a breath of air when the room blurred and my eyes rolled into the back of my head. "Fuck," I whispered, driving the dildo deep into me and holding it inside me as I felt my pussy contract and grip it tightly. I heard myself whimper that was close to being a scream as my body let go, orgasm washed over me, rocking my hips involuntarily as my natural instinct tried to hump what was in me faster and harder.
"Shit," I muttered as I turned off the vibrator and pulled the dildo out of me. I grinned as I saw how wet it was, glistening in my hand. I rolled onto my back, but got up after a couple of minutes or I would be there all day. I went into the bathroom and just got in the shower again, a quick body shower and cleaning the toys I freshened up, no towel this time I walked naked and wet onto the landing and dried myself and the toys with the towel. I put them back into my draw, hiding them with my book, although I knew Mum knew I had them and I was fairly sure Dad suspected. I was female and 19 years old, of course I would have toys.
I put on a black pair of panties, just so I wasn't naked while I dried my hair. The panties were plain cotton, and a thong design, there was not much to them, but they covered what they were designed to do and importantly disappeared under pretty much any other clothing. I did my make-up which didn't take long. I was very fair skinned so always went for dark eye make-up which made my eyes look bigger and wider than they were. I didn't bother with much other make-up, my skin was pretty good and it was just more to remove later.
Glancing at the time it was already half 3. I considered a dress, but in the end I opted for a white short sleeved t-shirt and a black floaty skirt, I had shaved my legs, may as well show them off. I almost didn't bother with a bra but checking myself in the mirror you could just about see the darker circles of my areola and nipples through the t-shirt material so I put on a white t-shirt style one. The skirt was mid way between my knees and hips, so pretty short, but no where near a mini. Sexy, playful, but sensible. A good ground to aim for at parties I generally find.
Half 4. I grabbed my vodka and went next door. I took a deep breath before I knocked, checked my skirt and top and tapped on the door. The door eventually opened my my neighbour smiled at me. "Hey, come in come in," he grinned kissing me on the cheek, "No coat?"he asked as taking my vodka off me and letting me in.
"No, only next door," I replied. There were already a lot of people here, 15, and they were all in groups chatting and laughing. The only person I knew was my neighbour, and that was only a casual familiarity. He made me a drink and he sat on the sofa with a group of people and gestured to the single seater nearby. I sat in it and smiled at the group of people.
"Sophie," he said introducing me, "Neighbour."
They all said Hi and I just smiled back shyly. I wasn't great in groups of people I didn't know, not sober anyway and I wish that I had turned up early so I had chance to meet people as they arrived and not in a big group. I was told names, but I forgot them more or less instantly as I am terrible with names generally.
I chipped in on occasion and sipped at my drink. They were all a fair bit older than me, and the conversation topic showed. Kids, houses, jobs, etc etc which I had limited input in. Still, I liked people watching and just sat listening in with the occasional comment. The door went again and my neighbour, Chris, got up and let them in. he didn't come back to his seat and instead started to mingle with the other people which left me with a group I didn't really know. People got up to drinks and the toilet and different people came back in the usual musical chairs that happens at parties. As no one really knew me and I didn't really push myself forward into the conversation so the group closed, and as I was sat in a separate chair I kinda dropped away from being involved.
I sipped my drink and took my phone out. Checking social media I amused myself as I started to formulate excuses and scenarios where I could just go back home. I had the house to myself at the end of the day, may as well spend it naked amusing myself than sat here bored. I finished my drink and got up heading into the kitchen. I was about to make my excuses when Chris took my glass off me and asked, "Hey, same again?" As he poured me another drink without waiting for the reply. "Here, meet the girls," he said as he introduced me to a group of girls who were stood together at the breakfast bar.
"Hey," one of them said scanning me up and down, "Who is the hottie? Well done on pulling this one?" she teased with a smile.
"Yeah funny," he replied, "Neighbour, be nice."
He left us to it and we chatted. There were three of them, Jess, who was a blonde with long loose hair down her back, best part of six foot tall, wearing a blue dress and on first appraisal, she had amazing boobs. Alison, who was brunette in a short pixie style cut, she was wearing skinny jeans and a short top and finally Emma, who was also brunette, worn in a long ponytail and was wearing a skirt and t-shirt like myself. I started to relax, being standing and unable to distract myself with my phone the vodka went down quicker, and being in the kitchen the refills were a lot easier.
The conversation was easier and a lot more on my level. Boys, make-up, clothes and at one point even sex toys came up which showed my age. I had them, and they would know that it was highly likely that I had them, but I was still at the age where masturbation and openly discussing such things was embarrassing. Which they all immediately leapt on, teasing and pressing me for more and more detail until I just admitted I had a toy, following up with specs and a rating of 1 to 10.
Laughing and talking the evening flew by, food came and went as did the alcohol. I took care not to drink too much, but even so I was probably on the drunker side of caution. The group of people slowly reduced as people left to go home with excuses such as work the next day, or kids, or whatever. Which reminded me that I had best go and let the dog out, poor guy would be sat cross legged staring at the door with ever pressing urgency.
"Ooo, shit," yeah," I said downing he last bit of my drink, "Best let the dog out, be back in a sec."
"Wow," Jess grinned at me, "I thought you were going to say you had a kid then."
"Oh God no," I smiled back.
A drink was waiting for me when I got back to the party and the door had been left open. There were eight of us left and there were enough seats to go around. The people who hadn't moved for a while had the various sofa spots, and the rest were sat on dining chars that had been dragged over from the table. The people that were remaining were, myself, Jess and Emma representing the girls, and the boys consisted of Chris, Steve, Dave, Mike and Andy. Steve was super hot, clearly a gym nut and had a body that he could press against mine whenever he wanted. It was maybe the alcohol reducing inhibitions, in fact it was, but he had been checking me out of night, his eyes watching my ass leave and my chest return.
As the musical chairs continued I came back from the bathroom and had of course lost my sofa seat. It had been taken by Steve, who just patted the tiny space next to him. I was small enough to fit in the space that he had left and wriggled myself into it. He helped, and when I say helped, he stroked my ass with his hand while I sat, but I didn't protest, I did give him a knowing look though as did Emma who was sat opposite.
Taking my drink off the table I sat back onto the sofa, which mainly consisted of me being on his shoulder. Vodka was taking hold now and I didn't drink any of it, I just nursed it and listened to the conversation happen around me. The layout of Chris's house was very modern, a fully open plan living room and kitchen-diner was separated from what he had turned into a games room by an open archway. The games room had a large TV on the wall that was connected to a PS4, a full sized pool table was in the middle of the room and a dart board was on the wall. A few of the lads had been playing pool throughout the evening and so the cues and balls were on the table how the last game had ended.
"So then," Mike said looking around the room at us all, "We inviting Sophie to the tradition? Or not?"
"Tradition?" I asked looking at him.
"The final few of us after a party have a tradition where we put clothes into a random picker and see who ends up naked," he said smiling at me.
"Yeah, funny," I said smiling at him sarcastically, but his expression didn't change or even flicker a smiled. "Really?" I asked him.
"Yeah," Emma said, "Last few parties we have been to we have."
"Oh, erm, wow," I stammered a little taken aback by the revelation, "How does it work?"
"Five items for the girls, four for the guys, all of them into a random picker app and whatever comes up gets removed," Chris said.
"Sounds interesting," I said looking around, still not entirely convinced that I was not being taken for a ride.
"So, five guys, and four girls," Alan counted, "So 35 items it total? So 35 selectors on the app," he said.
"Doesn't that mean everyone ends up naked?" I said looking at him with an expression of slight confusion. I was all for a strip game, but there isn't much point playing if everyone gets naked anyway, may as well skip the game and just strip.
"Oh, no," Dave said, "Repeats are possible, usually there are two or three all out losers, and the rest of us in varying degrees of exposure."
I flashed a small smile, they were all chipping in with the rules and format of the game, so they were all either very quick or on similar wavelength. I enjoyed a good strip game, I had had enough vodka to remove any inhibitions, or at least enough to lessen the screaming at the back of my mind that was shouting, "But you could end up naked, don't do it." I made eye contact with Jess who just smiled at me. "I am game," I said.
"Really?" Steve said, "Awesome, eight player game then."
"What we got then?" Chris asked as he turned his laptop on, "I am socks, top, jeans, boxers."
"Erm, yeah," Mike said, "Same," as Chris typed onto his laptop.
"Jumper instead of socks," Andy said.
"Aye, same," Steve said.
"Socks, top. Jeans, boxers," Dave said.
"Girls?" Chris prompted.
"Er, yeah," Emma said, "Cardigan, top, skirt, bra, panties."
"I will have to include shoes and socks," Jess said, "Dress."
"So, shoes, socks, dress, bra, panties?" Chris confirmed to which she just nodded.
"Shoes, top, skirt, bra and panties," I said as he finished typing onto the laptop. I hadn't worn any socks as I was in high heals, so I had to go for shoes.
"Usual rules then," Steve said, "When something is removed it has to be fully removed, if you have to take something off first then you can turn away. Covering is allowed unless you are fully out of items, but you can only cover with hands and strategic sitting / position. No holding a t-shirt over yourself, etc."
"Good luck all," Chris said.
And with that the game began.
1. Emma's Panties
"Yeah fuck off," she said, but stood up, slid her panties down from under her skirt and flicked them across the room onto the floor. They were small, definitely a thong cut and black in colour. "Good start," she said rolling her eyes.
2. Dave's Jeans
"Sweet," Jess grinned as he stood up and took his jeans off. He was wearing loose fitted black boxers that were very boring and very unrevealing. Nice legs though.
3. Dave's jeans
"Already gone," Dave said.
4. Emma's panties
"And them," Emma said, "This laptop doesn't like my underwear," she grinned.
5. Dave's boxers
"Oh fuck off," Dave said, "Seriously?"
"Unlucky," Jess teased as he stood up and slid his boxers down. He cupped his hand over his privates and sat back down again. He wasn't showing anything, but the fact he was bottomless was very entertaining. We were less than 2 minutes into the game and Emma was already commando, and Dave was full on bottomless.
6. Jess's Socks
"Can live with that," Jess said as she took her shoes and socks off, then replaced her shoes.
7. Sophie's bra
"Ooo, the newbie loses an item," Chris said smiling at me.
"And a fairly important one," Dave observed.
"Yeah yeah," I said trying to be nonchalant as I fumbled under my top for a few seconds as I unclipped myself, wriggled my arms out of the straps and pulled it away from myself and off. I threw it onto the floor and crossed my arms over my chest protectively, knowing that my t-shirt was very slightly see through.
8. Dave's shirt
"Oooo," Emma grinned, "Lets see some body."
He took his shirt off, ensuring that at least one of his hands stayed between his legs, but he did have a nice body. In shape and pretty cute and I found myself having a good look at him. "Just the socks now?" Jess asked him to which he just nodded, "Then we see cock," she grinned.
9. Jess Panties
"Ha," Dave said, "Come on, get em off."
"Yeah yeah, still got a dress on," she replied as she stood up and wriggled her panties down her legs, over her shoes and flicked them onto the floor with the rest of the items that had been discarded.
10. Emma's bra
"Damn," Emma said, "Has this thing got a hard-on for my underwear or what?" she asked as she did the bra off under top dance and threw it onto the floor.
"The next one gets interesting," Chris observed.
"It does," she agreed, "Unless it is my socks."
11. Andy's Jeans
"Yeah, gone," Andy said.
12. Jess's shoes
She kicked them off with no comment and the game continued. The pile of clothes was slowly growing in the corner of the room. It was such a clever game in that you couldn't relax. I was fully decent, and yet if my top gets picked randomly I am shyly covering my boobs while still wearing shoes, skirt and panties. Strip games where you have no control over what comes off when adds another level to the fear and tension, and I for one was loving it.
13. Steve's socks
He slid them off and flicked them onto the pile.
14. Andy's Shirt
"Yeah gone," he said.
15. Emma's Skirt
"Ooo, there we go," Andy grinned, "Lets see some pussy."
"Still covering," she said as she unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Her left hand firmly pressed between her legs and she kicked her skirt into the pile. She was cute, any girl looks cute half naked and shyly covering herself, but she had a good body, I would guess at around a size 14 dress size, nice curvy legs with well defined tone and from what I could see, very little hair down there. Her hand was not that big, and there were no tell tale signs of any pubes.
16. Jess's Panties
"Gone," Jess said.
17. Emma's Bra
"Gone," Emma said, "And fuck off with my underwear will you?"
18. Steve's Shirt
"Cute," Jess observed as he took his top off. He was super fit and the sort of guy I went for, in fact any of them would probably look pretty damn good naked and the female in me was wondering in my mind which one of them was biggest. I was also rooting for Steve, and that is Steve to lose.
19. Jess's Socks
She kicked them off.
20. Sophie's shoes
I kicked them off and slid them over the floor.
21. Dave's jeans
"Gone," Dave said.
22. Jess's dress
"Fuck," Jess said as the laptop read out the result.
"Ooo yeah," Dave said, "That is two of ya bottomless."
She took her dress off up and over her head, her left hand ensuring that she maintained as much dignity as she could. She was now only wearing a bra. "One more and we get a twirl," Chris teased.
"Yeah, but you have to get one more first," she replied sticking her tongue out playfully. I was impressed how brazen she was considering she was stood in a room of seven other people wearing just a bra, and her hands hiding between her legs from view.
23. Sophie's Skirt
"Arr shit," I said as I looked around.
"You have panties on yeah?" Emma asked.
"Yeah," I said, "I would have probably picked differently if I had known they would be seen though."
"Granny or tiny?" Jess grinned at me.
I didn't reply, I just unfastened the skirt and let it fall to the floor. Seven pairs of eyes locked onto my tiny thong. It covered what it needed to, but it was the bare minimum material to achieve such results. Dave whistled as he stared, "Fuck me, to me 19 again," he said as his eyes tried their best to achieve x-ray vision.
24. Emma's Bra
"Yeah gone," she said rolling her eyes, "This laptop fixed?"
25. Andy's Boxers
"Gone," he said.
26. Andy's Jeans
"Still gone," he grinned.
27. Mikes jeans
"Oo, first loss?" I asked him as I tried to remember if he had lost anything previous.
"Yeah, first one," he said as he unbuttoned himself and threw them onto the pile.
He made no effort to cover himself, confident in his underwear which were tightly fitted boxers and no obvious fly at the front for any accidents. The tightness of the material though traced his body, and the tell tale shape of his dick was clear beneath them bending up and to his left.
28. Mikes jeans
"Yeah, gone," Mike grinned
29. Dave's socks
"Arr shit," he said.
"Yes" Emma grinned, "We have our first loser, come on, socks off, cock out."
He took his socks off, still cupping his hand over his privates as he straightened back up again. A quick glance around the room and he removed his hands. My eyes went on stalks, I was not a virgin by any stretch of the imagination, but the number of actual penis's seen was less than five, his included. He was semi erect and made no effort to hide. He did a slow spin in the room and went to stand at the side in full view of everyone, my eyes occasionally glancing in his direction.
30. Steve's boxers
He took his jeans off and I watched intently. His cute ass was not hairy, which was always a good thing as he took his boxers off and replaced his jeans. I grinned at him as he turned around again and he grinned back with a slight shrug.
31. Dave's shirt
"Naked," Dave said.
32. Steve's shirt
"Gone," Steve said.
33. Jess's shoes
"Yeah gone," Jess said.
34 Sophie's Panties
"Arr fuck," I said reactively.
"There isn't a lot to them anyway," Emma shrugged with a smile.
"Yeah, I guess," I said as I slid a hand down the front of them to make sure I was properly covered before sliding them to the floor and kicked them onto the pile with my foot. I felt myself flush as seven people grinned at me standing very uncomfortably with both of my hands covering between my legs, my legs twisted together to try and offer a little more cover, and only wearing a t-shirt
35. Emma's Bra
"Yeah, gone," Emma said, "Phew, survived."
"We all did," Jess said, "Barely. What we all got left? Just a bra here."
"Just a top," I said.
"Everything," Chris grinned.
"Nothing," Dave sulked.
"Just jeans gone," Mike said.
"Top and cardigan," Emma smiled.
"Just jeans," Steve said
"Just a jumper," Andy said.
We all got dressed with the exception of Andy. As was the rules he had to wait naked until his taxi arrived, which had been ordered. He stood shyly, naked, his dick hanging between his legs and I struggled to not stare at it. They were still amazing to me, I would love one of my own to play with for a night.
Andy and Dave's taxi arrived first and they headed off. Kissing the three girls and shaking hands with the guys as they left. Twenty minutes later Dave's taxi arrived and he put his clothes on in record time and disappeared.
We sat chatting and laughing for what felt like eternity waiting for Steve's to turn up. Emma and Jess had reserved Chris's spare room so it was just Steve's taxi to arrive. "Did you order it?" Chris asked him.
"Yeah," he said checking his phone, "Will try them again."
They had forgotten, or not ordered it, or just generally screwed it up. "Two hours," he said, "Fucks sake."
"You can have the sofa?" Chris shrugged.
"I have a spare room," I said engaging my mouth before my brain. We did have a spare room, but inviting someone who I had known less than 6 hours to sleep in the same house as me was maybe a little forward.
"You not mind?" he asked.
"Fine with me," I shrugged not wanting to back out of the offer, plus he was hot.
He rang the taxi firm back and cancelled it and we said our goodbyes. We went next door and I let us in, locking the door behind us. "Want a night cap?" I asked.
"Yeah sure," he said, "What you got?"
"Vodka, whisky, rum, gin," I said.
"Whisky?" he replied.
I went and poured us a couple of small whisky and we sat on the sofa. He sat first, and I sat pretty close, it was only a two seater sofa, but there was no requirement for me to sit so our legs were touching. He sipped his drink and rested it in his lap. Using his other hand he circled the glass and looked at me. I looked back and smiled shyly, "Damn he was cute," I said to myself as I watched his hand slowly reach out and touch the top of my leg.
I bit my lip as I felt his hand rest on my dress and looked at him. My legs were not crossed, but they were tightly together and I consciously relaxed them. He played with the hem of my dress with his fingers as he took another sip of his drink. Looking at each other he leaned in for a kiss. I met him half way and I tasted the whisky on his lips.
We pulled back and smiled at each other before going in for another kiss. This one was more intense, our tongues twisting together and exploring each others mouths. His fingers still gently toyed with my dress as we kissed. I rested my hand at the top of his jeans and stroked the top of his leg through them. He returned the action, his hand right up to my waist as I felt his fingers stroke across the elastic of my panties through the dress.
I took the whisky off him and leaned forwards to put it on the coffee table next to mine. He smiled at me and I interlaced my fingers with his now empty hand. He squeezed me back and kissed me again, this time he pulled me in a little closer and his hand on my legs went low enough to rest against my bare thigh. I didn't open my legs, but I didn't close them either and I slowly felt his hand tentatively drifting up my thigh and under my skirt.
His fingers glanced off my panties and I bit my lip again and looked at him. My legs still relaxed as I let him gently stroke me through my underwear. "Are you sure?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said, cursing myself silently as I heard my nerves through my shaky voice.
His fingers were still just stroking me and I kissed him again. I reached down to his jeans and using the one hand I unfastened the buttons one at a time. He shifted his position as I reached inside and wrapped my fingers around his penis. Soft and relaxed in my hand he sprang to life instantly as I felt him grow. "Wow," I grinned at him as he got hard in my hand, a small part of me was very pleased he was not too drunk to not achieve an erection.
"Oh yes," he whispered as I started to tease my hand up and down his shaft. With no real space to move I just rocked my wrist side to side.
"Wanna go to bed?" I asked him with a sparkle in my eyes.
"If you do," he said, clearly not overly comfortable with my age.
"Fuck yeah," I grinned at him hornily, "Stop being so polite, fuck me," I said, trying to reassure him that he wasn't going to be interviewed under caution in a few hours.
"Are you a virgin?" he asked.
"You fucking wish." I giggled, "Nar, lets go to bed," I said as I pulled him to his feet and we went upstairs.
We kissed through the doorway and I kicked the door closed with my foot as he lifted my shirt off. His hands cupping my small breasts as I reached up behind my back and unclasped the bra for him. He pulled it away and bent down and sucked each of my nipples. "Oo yeah," I encouraged as he sucked my nipples one at a time, each one responding as expected. He held the back of my legs underneath the hem of my skirt and slowly slid his hands up taking my skirt up with it. The cool air licking around my now exposed panties as he played with my nipples with his tongue.
He took his top off and slid his jeans down. I reached down into his boxers and took hold of him again, much less restrained I gently worked my hand up and down him as I dropped to my knees in front of him. I pushed his boxers down and my eyes lit up as his cock bounced out and pointed at my face. With no hesitation I took him in my mouth. "Oh shit," he gasped as I deep throated him.
I hid my gag as his cock grazed my tonsils as I moved him back out to a more comfortable depth and licked and sucked him hungrily. "Oh wow," he whispered as he looked down at me sucking on his dick.
I stared back up at him as I bobbed my head up and down on him. I held the base of his shaft and moved my hand up and down him to simulate a deeper blow job as I felt my own tingle between my legs. I slid a hand down the front of my panties and stroked a finger through my excitement. He smiled down at me as I stared back up at him, my eyes wide open and locked onto his as his long cock disappeared into my mouth.
"Damn," he said I cupped his balls and gently squeezed them in my small hands. He lost his balance and staggered a little before he regained it.
"Oops, sorry," I teased as I let his regain his balance again.
I went to take him in my mouth again, but he stopped me, "Not unless you want me to cum," he replied.
"Not ideally," I smiled back, "Not yet anyway."
He picked me up, clear off my feet and placed me onto the bed so I was sitting on the edge with my feet still on the floor. He pulled my panties down and knelt between my legs. I felt his breath moments before his probing tongue licked between my legs. "Fuck," I gasped as I felt the electrical spasm ripple through me as he directly licked my clit.
"You not like that?" he asked.
"God yes," I replied pushing his face back between my legs, "I just wasn't expecting you to hit the bullseye that quickly."
He didn't reply, he just ate me, his tongue and lips sucking and licking against my vagina seemingly endlessly. I had no idea how he was breathing and to be honest, I really didn't care. His tongue probed against my entrance a few times before I felt a finger gently slide inside me. "Fuuuuuck," I whispered as I felt my eyes roll into the back of my head. I am not sure if I came or not, if I didn't it was very close and as good as an orgasm anyway. He kissed up my naked body and I tasted my own excitement on his lips as we kissed.
I felt him line up his hips with mine and felt his massive head push against my pussy. He was big and my natural resistance held on for a few seconds before my lubrication allowed him to slip inside me. I eyes rolled into the back of my head again and this time I climaxed. I just laid on my back, my mouth open and the whites of my eyes staring sightlessly at the ceiling. "Did you just cum?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said hungrily, "Fuck me."
He did, gently at first but quickly building up to a pace that suited him more than me. My petite nude body bouncing against the bed underneath his forceful thrusting as my body just accepted and enjoyed the treatment. I lifted my arms above my head in submission and tilted my head back. He kissed my neck and nibbled at it gently. My chest rising and falling rapidly as my body was overcome with pleasure over the need to breath as he screwed me. "Can I cum?" he asked.
"Yes," I said.
"In you?" he asked.
"Yeah," I begged craving the sensation of the male orgasm inside me.
He did, pounding me as hard and fast as he could as the bed groaned under the abuse. My headboard slamming against the wall as he fucked me. I was so grateful there was no one else in as we raced towards ecstasy. He didn't warm me before he came. My eyes sparkled and lit up as I felt his seed flood inside me. "Ooo yeah," I moaned as I felt him fill me.
He groaned loudly as he came. Pulse after pulse of semen flooded inside me, my pussy mirroring his pulses as it hungrily accepted the hot sticky liquid. Arching his back I raked my fingernails down his sides as he screwed me. Eventually slowing down his eyes returned to focus and we grinned at each other. "Wow," I grinned at him, "How much?"
"You are pretty hot," he grinned back at me kissing me on the lips.
I kissed him back before breaking off. "Wait? Pretty hot?" I queried.
"Stunning," he corrected.
"Not so bad yourself," I replied as we kissed again. "Ooo, no, stay in," I said as he went to pull out.
He laid on top on me as we kissed. His slowly softening penis still inside me as I enjoyed the warmth of his orgasm. Eventually his flaccid cock lost the battle with my vagina as my post sex contractions pushed him out of me along with the inevitable dribble of semen. "That felt messy," he said playfully.
"Yeah, a little. Let me up," I said as he rolled off me, "Back in a sec," I added.
I went to the bathroom and did my teeth while I was there as well. Going back into my room he was barely awake and only managed to lift his arm for me I slipped in bed next to him. I cuddled into him with my back and he stroked his hand across my bare chest and breasts paying particular attention to my still hard nipples. "Spoil sport," he muttered as he gently plucked at the elastic of the panties that I had put on.
"I am fairly sure you can work them out if you need to," I giggled at him letting him toy with the elastic of my panties. I wriggled myself backwards against him and felt his penis push against me again. I grinned to myself as I felt him slide between my legs and against my underwear as I rocked my hips backwards and forwards as he had sex with my thighs. I shifted my position so he was rubbing against my clit through my underwear as I rocked my hips against him and it started to feel really nice again.
"Give me a min," he muttered, clearly half asleep already.
"Awww," I protested, "Cowgirl? I'll do all the work?"
"Yeah, need a minute," he said gently squeezing my breasts with his free hand.
"Feels okay to me," I grinned at him over my shoulder as he achieved full erection between my legs again as I pushed back and rocked my hips wishing I hadn't put underwear back on.
"Oh wow," he muttered as I reached behind me and took him in my hand. I worked him up and down a couple of times before shifting my panties out of the way and pushing back onto him trying to guide his softening cock inside me.
"Awwww, nooo," I exclaimed, "No no no," I said as he lost his erection in my hand.
"Yeah, not 19 any more," he said kissing the back of my neck, "Gonna need a minute."
"You have had a minute," I argued childishly.
"Two minutes," he corrected.
He cuddled me tightly for a few minutes, his penis going fully soft between my legs as he lost his battle with sleep and his grip on me relaxed. I slowly drifted off to sleep with his arm draped over my side, his naked body still pressing against me from behind as we slept.