Madison sat half naked - well, mostly naked - she was wearing high heels, nipple clamps and a butt plug - at her computer. It had been almost 24 hours since she had been exposed on social media. Thankfully, she had been able to get the posts taken down, but still had no idea if anyone outside her classmates might have seen them.
She thought about the day before, about how she had been so turned on by Alyssa humiliating her that she had paid her for it, paid her to make it worse. Madison shuddered. She had been so turned on she basically left Alyssa's apartment in a heap after Alyssa finished with her.
"What is wrong with me?" She thought. She looked down, the clamps on her nipples tugging at her sensitive breasts. She felt the plug pushing into her ass. "Yeah, something's definitely wrong. Who just sits around like this to feel like a desperate whore?"
Madison had left Alyssa's place without so much as thinking of fixing her appearance. Her skirt was off-center, hair was a mess, her body was soaked in sweat and spit. Her makeup was laughably ruined. She walked back to her own apartment, her bare, exposed midriff the least of her features attracting attention. "Fuck, I must have looked like a crack whore," she thought. "And I didn't even care, I was just lost in my own world of sluthood." Guys had stared, a girl asked if she was okay. She just nodded and smiled and wiped the last of the blood from her lips. At one point she unbuttoned her skirt and walked the rest of the way home looking like she was ready to be pulled into an alley and used by whoever happened by. And truthfully, she probably would have been.
Madison opened her email as she thought these things. She wondered what kind of trouble she'd get herself into next. "Fuck, I flashed my whole class," she recalled. "And they all know I'm a slut. I mean, they probably all knew before, but..."
An email suddenly caught her eye. It was from the school administrators in her hometown of Naperville. She opened it up.
"Dear Madison: We are pleased to have received your application and would like to schedule an interview. Please arrive at Harrison School, Room 224, on the 22nd at 10:00 A.M. If this does not work with your schedule, please let us know and we will arrange an alternate time."
"Wow," she said out loud. "I got an interview! I got a fucking interview!" She suddenly realized how silly that sounded, for a plugged, clamped slut like herself to get an email for an interview to be a teacher. She quickly replied and accepted the time slot, then started wondering how badly exposed she had become and whether the school would find out.
Madison went to google and punched in her name. "Webslut Madison," she began. Of course. Tons of pictures, videos, you name it. "Okay, so as long as they don't know about Webslut Madison..." she thought. She tried a different search. "Madison Holt Slut." Okay, okay. Basically if she added Madison and slut, the results weren't flattering, at least not for someone being considered for a position in education.
"Okay, just my name," she thought. "That's probably the only thing anyone would actually know to look for anyway." She started typing out "Madison Holt" and pressed the enter key.
"Ohhhh, holy fuck!" She said. Her heart practically stopped for a moment when she saw the results. "Fuck fuck fuck! I'm finally fucking ruined!" She didn't know whether to celebrate or cry. Right there in front of her, found merely by googling her name, was a trove of websites harboring her nastiest content. "Madison Holt AKA Webslut Madison gets slapped silly," read one title. And that one was on three different porn sites. "Madison Holt Webslut Gangbang," read another.
"Fuck fuck fuck! Oh my GOD I am fucked!" Her pussy dripped onto her chair. She realized how ruined she was and all she could think about was how horny it was making her. "Fuck, my life is literally RUINED because of this and all I can think about is going out and being a whore! And fucking and sucking random dicks and showing my body off and making it worse! Or just sitting here and recording myself doing ass to mouth and gagging on a dildo while I thank and worship whoever did this to me and beg them to send it to my parents and friends and....fuck what is wrong with me!"
Another title caught her eye. "Madison Holt (Webslut Madison) begging for exposure and ruin montage." What the fuck? She wondered. So she clicked the link and started to watch.
"My name," she began in the video, "is Madison Holt." It cut do a different clip. "I want to be ruined. I want to never be able to take it back. I am Madison Holt, and I am a webslut. Please, please pass me around and post my pictures on every website you can think of. Please, spread me around - expose me - so I can never take it back - I want the whole world to know I'm a slut."
It cut to a different clip. "I'M A SLUT! RUIN MY LIFE!" She shouted as he fucked herself. The scene cut again. "I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, Illinois, I'm twenty-one years old." It cut to a different clip again. "Like, I need to - be exposed but like, oh my god, just the risk!"
Madison's mouth gaped open as she watched. "Ohhhhh fuck! Someone took every clip of me begging for exposure and mashed them together!" The video was a few minutes long! She kept watching, stunned, aroused, realizing the depths of her depravity, but also the depth of the shit she was in.
"Just remember, I'm Madison Holt, and I really want to be reposted, spread around, and made into the biggest webslut. So please, tell your friends." The montage continued. Madison stared in disbelief. She had been in a school hallway about to enter class. "Madison Holt. Webslut Madison," she said as she laid naked in the snow, freezing. "I'M SUCH AN EXPOSED SLUT!" She cried out moments later, still in the snow.
"Please don't ever take them down no matter what I say. I want this. Post it too. I want it, please. Yours to ruin forever, Madison Holt." She said in the next section. "I fantasize about being exposed all over - with my name, and all my information, and being turned into a dirty little webslut."
Not so much of a fantasy anymore, is it? She thought. "I, I like, google my name and all I see are naked pictures, and then everybody I know finds out and - oh my god, I am such a slut for wanting this," the montage continued. "I've been exposed, and I just - I want more. I want to be a bigger slut," she said as she fucked herself in the next clip. "Seeing myself posted and exposed online, with my full name - it - ohhhh, yes it's going to make me cum, yes! Seeing myself like that, like, exposed, and begging to be ruined - being exposed gets me off, ohhhhh yes, I need this, I'm such a slut!" She was fucking herself hard in that one. Must have been close to orgasm, she thought.
"Take them and ruin me, ruin my reputation," she went on. "I'm so - so worthless, so ruined, ohhhh, and I'm such a slut I love it! I want this, please fuck me up..." she continued in a different clip. "I mean it - see? I fucking meant every word. I've been posted and exposed and now I can't stop - ohhhh, I can't stop!" She was really pounding her cunt with her dildo in that one!
"When I fuck myself, I fantasize about everybody - my friends, and even my professors - finding out about me - like, finding out what a slut I am and - like - how much I want to be exposed and - and humiliated, and degraded..." and she was fingering herself in public in the middle of campus in that clip!
The montage kept going. "Fuck, how many times did I do this?" Madison wondered. "I really want it this time - I'm serious, like, no going back, permanent, complete exposure." Then it started to get worse. "Take my videos, pass them around. Repost them on every web site in existence. And I want you to put all my personal information with them." Madison began to stroke her pussy as she watched this montage a stranger had cut and pasted of her - begging for her own ruination.
"God this is going to ruin me - like ruin my entire life - but I want it so bad I don't care, I just - I just want to be exposed as a slut, I, ohhhh! I'm Madison Holt, I'm 22, I'm from Naperville Illinois. I am in school to be a teacher but I - Iike - I want you to make it so I can't ever teach." It cut to yet another scene. "I want this, I want to ruin my own future just to make you cum, ohhhh - and make me cum too."
"Remember, Madison Holt, 22, Naperville. Exposure slut. Webslut Madison. And here's my naked body for you. I know I'm like - like - a normal looking, fit, attractive girl and I could have a normal life, but I would rather expose myself."
Then there was a clip where she had written "please expose me" on her body in big letters. "All I think about is being exposed on every web site with my name and everything. I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, Illinois, and I want to be exposed everywhere. Save all my videos, show me to your friends, and post them on every website. I want to be nothing more than an exposed little Webslut. Can you help me get what I want? Please, please expose me, spread me around, make me keep going."
"Guys it's really me, nobody is making me do this I'm just - I'm like - doing it to myself, I'm like - ohhhhh, I'm choosing this - like - to be exposed and ruined." Then there was a clip of her showing her drivers' license to the camera. "Here, does this help? Madison Kendall Holt, Naperville. See? It's really me. That's my real name."
The next clip showed her with "ruin my life" written on her chest and stomach. "So this is what I wrote today - ruin my life. That's it. I'll lose my friends, maybe my family." In what was clearly another snip cut from the same clip, she was stroking her pussy as she spoke. "Please help me? Like - please help me ruin my own life and my own reputation, ohhhhh God I'm just a whore! Please, please, I want to ruin myself - like, ohhhh, completely ruin my own life and, like - my reputation - my future." She continued, stroking herself harder. "See how much I like - literally like - want my life to be fucking ruined? I don't care about it. I don't care about my life or my future anymore, and you shouldn't either."
"See? See how wet I get thinking about being such a slut I ruin my own life just to get off? See how dripping wet and worthless I am?" It cut to a few seconds later, from the same clip. "I'm addicted to it. I know what I'm doing and what I'm asking for. I know what the consequences are. I have the guts to accept them and I willingly ask for this. Do you have the guts to help me? To expose and ruin me?"
"Ohhhhh, yes, it gets me so wet to be exposed! So will you humiliate me so I can never take it back?" She said as she touched herself before blowing a kiss to the camera. It cut to another clip again.
"I don't want you to have any respect for me. I don't want you to ever stop destroying my life and my reputation. I just want you to think about how much of a stupid, dumb slut I am for doing this to myself," she said as she held a dildo next to her face, one that she clearly had just finished forcing to the back of her throat. "Please, don't ever stop - pass this all over the internet. Don't ever stop destroying my reputation!" That time, her makeup was ruined and she had tears streaming down her face.
They there was the final lengthy video that she recorded before she posted a series of videos to her web page after a month of denial. "My name is Madison Holt. I am from Naperville, Illinois. I am aware that my nude and humiliating photos and videos and my personal information are posted online. I fully consent to this exposure. I understand that this will be permanent. I choose to post my nude photos, videos, and personal information and I accept all the risks and consequences of permanent exposure, including friends and family seeing me, loss of my career, loss of friends, loss of family, and complete, total, and permanent humiliation. I offer my body, my reputation, and my life to whoever sees this to destroy however you want."
"God, I shouldn't want this, I - I know I'm going to wind up seriously ruined, life wrecked, but fuck it feels so good! Why does it feel so good?!" She asked in the next clip as she reacted to the realization that she was being reposted on porn sites. "I want it all. Expose me. Hurt me. Humiliate me. Ruin me. and don't ever stop." She was masturbating again in the next video. "Thank you for ruining me, now make it fucking real, make it count! Post me some more! Ohhhh fuck I need it!" And then she was fucking herself with a dildo, moaning. "Ohhhh, yes! Fuck me! I love being exposed and ruined! Give me more, show me you're just getting started! You've set me up, now - ohhhh, ruin me! Ruin my whole life!"
And then, a nasty humiliating video of her on the verge of orgasm as she spelled out exactly how deep she wanted it to go. "Ohhhh, yes, I - I'm getting off to - to being - being exposed and - and ruined! I'm such a slut I fucking need it - I want it - ohhhh! I want a million views! Ohhh fuck I want my professors to see! Fuck, I want to be known all over - all over campus as Webslut Madison - as a - an easy fuck - ohhh! I want you to ruin me even more, ohhh! Expose me! I'm a slut! Expose me! It makes me cum, ohhhh, ruin me, I'm such a sluuuuut!"
"Ohhhh, yes, I'm such a little whore! Ohh - I need - I need it, fuck, I - I'm Webslut Madison, I'm Madison Holt from Naper- Naper-Ville, and I'm - I'm fucking - I'm fucking two dildos! Ohhhh fuck I love stretching myself out for you, ohhhhh yes! Yes! Whore me out! Spread my videos around! I want you all to make me - ohhh, make me fucking cry! I don't ever want it to stop! Just fu- fucking destroy me, ohhhh! Oh, yes! I'm - I'm a worthless slut! I need it, it makes me cum so goooood to be a - to be exposed, ohhhhh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"
"I want my life and my reputation ruined, can you help me please? Please just - please just make me even more exposed. I need more. I need it to come up with all my nasty videos when you google my name. I need to be passed around and used, ohhhh!"
In the next clip, she slapped herself in the face to tears while she begged for it. "Ohh! Oh! Oh! I don't- (slap) want you to - (slap) have any (slap) respect for me!Don't (slap) respect me (slap)! I don't (slap) want you to (slap) care about me (slap)! Just (slap) use (slap) me (slap) hard (slap)! Make (slap) me (slap) fucking (slap) cry! (Slap)! Expose me! (Slap) Everywhere! (Slap) Ruin (slap) my (slap) fucking (slap) life (slap), ruin (slap) my (slap) reputation!"
Madison paused the video and shuddered. "Wow, holy shit," she said to herself. "I guess I didn't know just how much I begged for this. It's like - over and over and over! And to make matters worse, she was getting turned on again watching the montage of herself behaving that way. "Seriously. What kind of girl puts herself out there like that. Damn. I begged for it over and over. To be exposed. To have my life literally ruined! And gave away my real name and location and everything!" She shook her head. "I really am a slut!"
She started the video again. The next series was Dan asking her questions, but only Madison was visible in the video.
"I'm Webslut Madison," she said.
"And what's your name? Your full name?"
"It- it's Madison Holt. Hopefully I'm going to get my life ruined so I can never take it back." Then it cut to a scene from a few seconds later where Dan had her turn around. On her back were the words "Expose me. Ruin my life. Madison Holt" and Dan read them aloud to the camera.
Then she was outside, on her trip, with Dan filming. "I'm sorry, mom and dad," she said, pouting. "I'm sorry your little girl turned into a such a slut. The video cut again to a scene where a stranger was slapping her in an alley.
"You like being shown off all over the internet, huh?" (Slap) "You want your reputation ruined? (Slap) You want to be (slap) famous (slap) for (slap) being (slap) a slut? (Slap). She begged him not to stop.
Outside on a busy street, she declared herself to strangers. "I want it! I'm completely naked and I humiliate myself online. Just google me and you'd know that!" Then she announced herself to a group of guys. "Can you do me a favor? Google me, find me online, Webslut Madison. Spread my pictures around, tell your friends. Make me famous and make me regret it, okay?"
It wasn't quite done. Next was a snippet of the video she took where she stripped in a classroom. "So, like - I fantasize about, ummm - ultimate exposure. Like, everybody - my classmates, my friends - finding out about me. Finding out what a naughty little exhibitionist slut I am! Mmmm! And finding out I'm Webslut Madison and that I love to degrade and humiliate myself for their amusement."
The screen cut away to words on a white background that the creator of the montage must have put there.
"Madison Holt. Naperville, IL. Repost this and help her ruin her life. She asked for it"
Madison sat there, her mouth hanging open, stroking her pussy as the video switched over to the next post by the same creator. "My god. I really am a slut. I've been begging for exposure so long I forgot I ever said half of that shit! SHIT! If this is out there and you can find it just googling my name with safe search off..."
Then Madison noticed the new video. She hadn't even clicked on it, she had just sat there while the app started playing the next one automatically. It was a series of screenshots from her social media posts in the middle of the night - when she thought nobody was watching. First, it was a link to the site where she posted her videos. Then they came rolling in, animated, one after another, as if someone had been watching her post them as she was doing it. Obviously someone was good with software.
3:05 AM: "Hi, go google Webslut Madison. It's me acting like a complete slut."
3:06 AM: "I really want everything I say in the videos. I want to be exposed everywhere and ruined."
3:08 AM: "if anyone is awake please let me know you saw my last post. I would cum so hard. I'm such a dirty little slut"
3:09 AM: "Or start talking dirty to me. Tell me I'm a whore. Tell me what to do to my slut body."
3:43: "please if any of you are up I want to be exposed for real"
3:44: "Please, I'm begging you, I want you to ruin me, tell everyone I know. I want you all to use me. I'm a slut."
3:45: "Spread my name and videos around so I can never take it back!"
3:46: "and if you want to watch me get off to my own destruction just message me, call me."
3:46: "Please, I'm begging you. Blackmail me. Force me to have sex with you. I don't care who you are."
3:47: "please don't ignore this. This is NOT spam this is a horny desperate slut wanting my nudes and videos spread all over the net
Thankfully - or not - the posts she had made when she was having sex with Dan weren't part of the mix. "Fuck fuck!" She said. "Anyone could - fuck! It's my real socials right there and - fuck, oh, God. I've lost all control! Oh, no no. Nooo!" She was still stroking her pussy, but she didn't know whether to laugh, cry, fuck herself into oblivion, or throw on the towel and just start posting permanently on her socials about what she was and what she craved.
Then the next video started auto-playing. This one was titled "Madison Holt aka Webslut Madison begging to be ruined - concise compilation". As Madison watched, she soon realized that it was the first video, just with shorter snippets and organized differently, and it was shorter overall.
It began much like the last one. ""My name," she paused, "is Madison Holt." "I am Madison Holt." "Here, does this help? Madison Kendall Holt, Naperville. See? (Holding a photo of her drivers' license) It's really me." That's my real name." "I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, Illinois, I'm twenty-one years old." "I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, Illinois, and I want to be exposed everywhere." "Madison Holt." "I'm Madison Holt, I'm 22, I'm from Naperville Illinois." "Remember, Madison Holt, 22, Naperville." "Just remember, I'm Madison Holt, and I really want to be reposted, spread around, and made into the biggest webslut." "Webslut." "I'm a Webslut." "Biggest Webslut." "Dirty little Webslut." "Webslut Madison." "It- it's Madison Holt. Hopefully I'm going to get my life ruined so I can never take it back."
The video cut to another descriptive page with words on a background. "Madison mentions her REAL NAME 10+ TIMES in these videos alone AND shows her ID to prove she's REAL!"
"So, like - I fantasize about, ummm - ultimate exposure. Like, everybody - finding out about me - and finding out I'm Webslut Madison."
"Expose me." "Like, I need to - be exposed-" "Exposed all over - with my name, and all my information-" "I want you to put all my personal information -" "I want to be exposed -" "I just want to be exposed." "All I think about is being exposed-" "Please, please expose me." "It gets me so wet to be exposed!" "permanent exposure." "I love being exposed and ruined!" "I'm getting off to - to being - being exposed!" "Expose me!" "It makes me cum so goooood to be a - to be exposed, ohhhhh!" "Please just - please just make me even more exposed."
"Post my pictures on every website you can think of." "Repost them on every web site in existence." "Save all my videos, show me to your friends, and post them on every website." "On every web site with my name and everything."
"You want your reputation ruined? the stranger slapping her in the alley asked.
"God this is going to ruin me - like ruin my entire life - but I want it so bad I don't care!" "Take them and ruin me." "I want to be ruined." "So ruined." "Ruin my reputation." "I want to ruin my own future." "Ruin my life. That's it." "RUIN MY LIFE!" "Please help me ruin my own life and my own reputation." "I want to ruin myself - like, ohhhh, completely ruin my own life and, like - my reputation - my future." "I like - literally like - want my life to be fucking ruined-" "I don't want you to ever stop destroying my life and my reputation." "I - I know I'm going to wind up seriously ruined, life wrecked!" "Ruin me. And don't ever stop." "Thank you for ruining me!" "ohhhh, ruin me! Ruin my whole life!" "Ruin me even more!" "Just fu - fucking destroy me, ohhhh!" "I want my life and my reputation ruined." "I want to -" "Ruin my own life and my reputation just to get off."
"Spread my videos around!" "Make me famous and make me regret it, okay?" "Don't ever take them down." "I want to never be able to take it back." "So I can never take it back-". "Permanent." "So I can never take it back?" "So I can never take it back."
"I want the whole world to know I'm a slut." "I'M A SLUT!" "I'M SUCH AN EXPOSED SLUT!" "I'm such a slut, I love it!" "I'm such a sluuuuut!" "Slut." "I'm a slut." "SLUT!"
"I want it, please." "I mean it - see? I fucking meant every word!" "Can you help me, please?" "I'm serious, like, no going back, permanent, complete exposure." "Can you help me get what I want?" "I'm choosing this." "I know what I'm doing and what I'm asking for. I know what the consequences are. I have the guts to accept them and I willingly ask for this. Do you have the guts to help me? To expose and ruin me?" "I fully consent to this exposure." "I want it all."
Then, once again, was the longer clip where she really spelled it all out. "My name is Madison Holt. I am from Naperville, Illinois. I am aware that my nude and humiliating photos and videos and my personal information are posted online. I fully consent to this exposure. I understand that this will be permanent. I choose to post my nude photos, videos, and personal information and I accept all the risks and consequences of permanent exposure, including friends and family seeing me, loss of my career, loss of friends, loss of family, and complete, total, and permanent humiliation. I offer my body, my reputation, and my life to whoever sees this to destroy however you want."
Then came the dagger: "I'm sorry, mom and dad."
Madison sat in shock at what she had just seen. It was the most vile, disgusting display of reckless online exhibitionism she had ever seen. "Oh my GOD!" She said out loud. "Wow, it's like - the worst of the worst of me begging for - for all of this - all rolled into - like - two minutes!"
Madison stroked her pussy greedily. "Fuck, I shouldn't want this - but I do! I just can't stand it, I can't fucking turn it off!" She knew she'd have to do something - something, she didn't know what - before her interview in a couple weeks. "Twenty four hours. Fuck, forty-eight. today and tomorrow. After tomorrow, I'll clean it up and be a good girl. I'll be a princess. But for the next forty-eight hours, I'm going to do everything I can to make sure I can't ever take it back." She stroked her pussy hard. "Goddddd why, why do I need it so bad!"
Madison grabbed a marker out of the desk. She had to make another video. One last video, she promised herself. One more chance to ruin her life before she tried to clean it up. "You're never going to clean it up," she thought to herself. "You just saw that, didn't you? There's no coming back from that. It's gone too far. Shit, none of this even matters. I'm not cleaning that up this decade, let alone in the next two weeks!"
She quickly scrawled the worse of the worst on her body. "Madison Holt," of course, went across the top of her chest. Below that, across the tops of her tits, she wrote, in quotation marks, "Webslut Madison." Below her tits, she kept going. "Please expose me." Below that, "Make it permanent." Then "Ruin my life." "Make me regret this." "I willingly accept the risk." That finished the front part of her body like a canvas from her chest to a couple inches above her pussy. Then she wrote "SLUT" on her forehead, and "whore" on her cheeks, her mouth being the "o."
All settled in, she flipped on her camera.
"Hi guys. And girls, too!" She smiled. "So, umm - this morning I got invited to an interview, yay! To be a teacher! It's in a couple weeks. Now, if you've been paying attention, you know there are tons of - let's say, nude and humiliating videos and pictures of me online. And I wanted to see, realistically, if I have any shot at this job or if they're going to laugh me out the door for my online presence. So...I googled myself."
"I started with Webslut Madison. Tons of filthy shit, right. Hey, just what I've always wanted! Thank you so much, I'm getting really famous! But does that mean anything if you don't find anything for Madison Holt?" So I googled 'Madison Holt Slut." And all these are with the adult content filter off, by the way. So again. Tons of filthy shit. You know what it is. And if you don't, just look it up like I did and you'll see it, I'm sure."
"So then I tried just my name. And I've done that in the past, I mean - if you've been watching me for a while, you know one of my fantasies has been to - to, like - to google just my name - my real name, Madison Holt - I'm saying it as much as I can now so it's all over," she said with a nervous laugh. "So I google my name and all my super raunchy videos and pictures come up. And that's - that's basically all it takes for someone to find out about me. About all this. So today - like - it finally happened!"
"And I was so humiliated. So ashamed of myself, but excited too. Because that's been like - my number one fantasy for, I don't know - a couple years? And I - it was sinking in, you know, like - a potential employer sees this - it's so fucking easy to find now, which was like - I have cum so hard fantasizing about that - and I'm - I'm never getting hired, right? Especially a school! I'd be utterly and totally humiliated! And I was realizing like - my life is literally ruined. These five years of college? Right down the toilet. Eventually my relationship with my mom and dad - nonexistent. And you know - I wanted it, right? I asked - I begged for it. I begged to be exposed, to have my reputation ruined. And I - I said it in the video, I accept the consequences. I knew what I was getting into and I - I - I accepted it and went through with it anyway. I mean, mainly because it was SO, SO arousing!"
"But then I was looking through these videos - and by the way - I'm on like - hundreds of websites. Some I have heard of, some sketchy ones I haven't - everything has been re-posted over and over. So basically I don't control any of it anymore because other people have saved the videos and re-uploaded them under accounts I don't control. Which is exactly what I begged for. But I can't take those down, you know? So my - like - my life is actually, finally ruined now, I think. So - thank you all! I got what I begged for, thank you so much!"
Madison stroked her spread pussy as she continued. "I want to thank you all for - for exposing me, for humiliating me, for ruining my reputation and my life. I'm so grateful to you! Mmmmmm, yessss!" She couldn't even believe the words coming out of her mouth. They - whoever they were - had robbed her of a career, and likely relationships, a steady job, any semblance of a reputation - and there she was, thanking them!
"So, like - by the way," she said as she stopped touching herself for a moment, "I haven't just been naughty online. I've - well, I dress like a total slut literally every day now. And everybody notices. Like - I used to get turned on just showing a little tiny bit of my stomach - but then it was a little more, then it was a lot - and now I pretty much only even own shirts that show my whole stomach, midriff area."
"And I write 'slut' on myself every day. And go to school. And sometimes show it to people. Like, on accident at first, then accidentally on purpose, and now just on purpose to - I guess, to get a rush - to turn myself on by humiliating myself."
"I really did need it, like one night - or a couple or maybe even three times I posted late at night on my socials, links to all my - to this page with all my videos and posts begging anyone who was awake to go look and expose me and spread my videos around. God, what a rush!" She giggled. "But then I - I had an orgasm and took it down, every time. Until my Insta got hacked and then someone else posted it and changed my password. Which took a few hours to undo, and now basically my whole - like all my classmates know I'm Webslut Madison. And now they get why I dress like a tramp and write slut on myself."
"I even flashed - like, a whole college class - my tits. Twice. And my pussy once. So all my classmates - meaning education fifth years at my school - have actually seen me, my tits, my pussy, live. And some even felt me up. I didn't even try to tell them to stop. I'm basically the class slut and everybody knows it, and who knows how many people at my college know outside of my actual classes, right? I mean if some girl showed her tits in class, you'd tell everyone, right?"
"So I was looking at the Madison Holt search results and thinking about how fucked I am and I started reading them. And I noticed there were some compilations, montages if you will - videos that someone put together that are basically snippets of the most degrading, most insanely slutty things I said in all the videos I posted."
"And it was the last one I saw - it was a couple minutes long. That's the one I want to focus on, because it really - like - it really got me. Overwhelmed me. And thank you, god, THANK YOU to whoever did it. And so I'm going to give you a little, um - description of what it is and my reaction to it while I fuck myself. And thank you again," she went on, "for exposing me and making it as filthy and nasty as possible."
"But before I did this video, I had to write on myself because - like - that just makes it worse, adds to it. Makes it more humiliating? So on my forehead, I wrote slut, and on my face I wrote whore. Because, obviously, I'm a slut and I label myself as a slut in marker like - every day. Ohhhhh," she cooed as she stroked her pussy. "See, like - in my fantasy - and now that I'm completely ruined I might just do it because why even care anymore - I like - I want to walk around and go to class like a billboard. Slut. Webslut Madison. Madison Holt, expose me, ruin my life, google my name, all that stuff on my body in marker - where everyone can see. Ohhhh god, I'm going to do it, you know I need it and it turns me on and I can't help myself. Go to class like that, to the store..."
"And Madison Holt, because - that's my real name! Use it!! Like, I want it attached in every post so that's all you can find about me online. Like - that's why I did this. If it's not the real me, what's the point? No risk, no reward, you know?!"
"And then Webslut Madison, obviously. And then - please expose me - like, I want to make it absolutely clear that nobody is blackmailing me, nobody put me up to this. I'm asking for it. I'm asking for it because it makes me cum. And it makes me a slut but I accept that."
"Make it permanent. Like - I made a deal with myself that - that I would - like, I know I need to try to clean this up, clean up my online stuff - I mean, I probably can't, but I need to try - so I can actually be a teacher and not a total disappointment and fuck-up. But like - and this is where I'm about to get real real here - I gave myself 48 hours to have fun with it first. So in 2 days all of this is coming down, at least I'm taking down what I posted. So you have 2 days to make it permanent."
"And I mean - ohhhh, god," she said. She was stroking her pussy again. "I mean like - I want - I want it to be forever, ohhhhh! Mmmmm yes! Make it so I - ohhhhh fuck - I can't do anything - like repost it, ohhhh! Repost it over and over so it's permanent!"
"Ohhhhh fuck, in two days I'm going to beg you, beg you to - to take it down, to give my life back. But, ohhhh GOD this turns me on so much to say - no matter what - ohhhh, no matter how much I beg, don't - ohhhhhhhh don't you dare fucking do it! Listen to me now, I want it real and forever and I'll beg and plead and cry but there's no hope for me, ohhhhhh GOD don't ever take it down! No matter what I say, make me exposed for life, ruined forever! DONT EVER DELETE IT!!! I'm begging you now, please please please, no matter what I say, don't let me off the hook, don't let me play with fire, ohhhhh burn me! Hang me out to dry! Ohhhhh fuck that's what this slut needs and craves! I want to be so fucking helpless, ohhhh GOD!"
"And ruin my life because, yes - I - I want it ruined. Destroy me, ohhhh! And make me regret this, because I want to cry, ohhhhh I want to fucking cry because I can never take it back or fix it! I want to be such a whore I - ohhhh, I - I - cry myself to sleep because it's all I ever can be, all I deserve to be or have a right to be!"
"And I willingly accept the risk, because - because I asked for this, ohhhh, I even begged for it knowing how it would end! Go back and watch the beginning. From the beginning I knew I'd get ruined. I knew I was ending my career. I knew I was ruining my reputation and I - mmmm, I fucking did it anyway because I craved it! I solemnly, deliberately did this to myself, I got what I wanted and asked for and what I deserve, I got my - ohhhhh, I got - I did this to myself! Ohhhh FUCK do you realize I'm such a whore I did this to myself, on PURPOSE! I wasn't hacked. I didn't do this for women's rights or to prove a point - nooooooohhhhh, I did it to ruin myself to get off because I'm such a SLUT!"
The whole time, Madison continued to stroke her pussy harder and harder as she explained herself. She was in way too deep. Already she regretted begging the viewers to never take it down. She knew they'd listen. She knew they'd comply and assist her in ruining herself. "I'm going to regret this so much, but I need it!"
"And that video, the montage - ohhhhh gif, it was so good!" Madison pulled a large dildo out of her desk and easily slid it into her sopping cunt. "Ohhhh Yessss! It started out, ohhhhhhh like ten little clips of me, saying my name! I was like - I'm Madison Holt. Madison Holt! YESS I'M MADISON HOLT! Does it turn you on to hear me say it? My real name, and give you everything you need, ohhhhh! To ruin me? Because I just fucking love it, it turns me on sooooo fucking much!"
Madison was fucking herself hard. "I was like -yesssss I'm Madison Holt, I'm from Naperville, I'm Webslut Madison! And I was all like - Webslut! Webslut! WEBSLUT! Ohhhhhh god yesssss!" Because I'm such a fucking webslut! And my age! I was twenty one. I was twenty two. And now I'm twenty three!"
"And then I was talking about - being exposed, over and over again, OHHH! I was like - expose me, expose me all over! Yesss! Expose my personal info, expose my body, I love being exposed, it gets me wet and horny being exposed! Ohhhh please, please expose me! EXPOSE ME! Yes, expose me! It makes me cum, expose me! Ohhhhhh! It's all I think about, ohhh, just - being exposed with my real name, Madison Holt, and my personal info! Fuck, I need to add to that! I want you to find my real socials and expose them too, ohhhhh post about how exposed I am and tag me! And post my real social links on porn sites so anyone can find them from here, ohhhhh god it makes me so fucking wet!"
"Then I was begging. Begging for - yesssss - for my pictures to be posted on every web site! And over and over again, ohhhhhh, over and over I begged for my life to be ruined! I was like - ruin my life, please ruin me, ruin my reputation! Ruin my future, ohhhhh I still fucking want it! It's so bad I'm never going to get a job but I don't care it just turns me on so much to get ruined! Ohhhh ruin my life, all of you, ohhhhhh ruin my reputation! Ruin it! I WANT TO BE RUINED, OHHH ruined! Ruined!" She chanted as she furiously fucked herself. "I'm already ruined, ruin me more! RUIN ME MORE!"
"And then I - I begged for - to be spread around, ohhhh, to make me famous! Yesss, and for it to be permanent and I can never - ohhhh, I can never take it back! Never ever ever no matter what I do! Ohhhhhh fuck!" She continued to pound her pussy. Her face was contorted and clearly showed her deep level of arousal.
"And I called myself a slut! Over and over! I was like - I'm a slut! I'm a slut! I'm a SLUT! A dirty exposed slut!" She started to chant rhythmically again, in rhythm with the thrusts of her dildo. "I'm just a fucking slut! Slut! Slut! Slut! Sluuuut, ohhhhh yes, slut! Slut! Slut!" And every time she inched just a little closer to orgasm.
"And I said how much I wanted this - I begged for it, ohhhh, I asked for it, I chose it, I asked for it and I accepted the results! And look where it got me, ohhhhh I got ruined! Ohhhhh I'm so ruined, yesssss! Fuck! Ruined because I asked for it, begged for it, ruined just like I needed, I wanted! I begged! I - I did it! I did it! I played with fire, I wanted to get burnt! This was all up to me!
"But I don't regret it yet! I'm sitting here fucking myself, thanking you for giving me what I asked for! Ohhhhh what kind of whore thanks people for ruining her life and reputation? Madison Holt, that's who, god yesssss! I need to regret it, I need you to make it a hundred times worse! Make me never get a job and - and live on the street wearing next to nothing because I'm broke! That's what I fucking want! I want to lie in the gutter and fuck my self because I begged to regret it, ohhhhhhhh!"
"You know how stupid I am for doing this? For giving you my real name and begging you to ruin my life? I'm soooooo fucking stupid and - and I'm - I'm going to cum to my own exposure and - fuuuuuck, my own ruination!"
"Yeah! Yes! I'm going to write stuff like this on myself - every day - show the whole campus!" She was panting now, and could only manage short bursts of language. "Help me! Wreck myself! I got ruined! And it made me - ohhhh - so horny - I'm sitting here - fucking myself!"
"I love it! I love it! I love what you've done to me! Don't! Stop! Don't ever stop! No matter what! Make me live - live with my choice! OHHHHH I'M JUST A DAMAGED RUINED EXPOSED LITTLE SLUUUUUT!" She cried out those words as she jammed the dildo as far into her sloppy wet pussy as she could manage. She closed her eyes and collapsed back into her chair. Her legs more than quivered or shook, they quaked uncontrollably. She looked like she was having a seizure more so than an orgasm, that was the power of the waves that tore through her body over and over and over.
"I mean it," she said at last. "I can't believe how - like - how - exposed I've become. My whole school basically knows. I think it's time everyone else did too. I - wow, I - I can't believe how much seeing my own exposure turned me on. Like, I've always wanted to - I guess the reason I even started this was - it was because I wanted to watch a - like an attractive young woman completely ruin her reputation and her future to be exposed. And nobody else out there was doing it. So I had to be that girl. I really hope you like seeing my descent to - to a nightmarish life as much as I do. I think I'm really past the point of no return this time. And as scary as it is, it's freeing. Because I can just be who I want to be and know that it can't get much worse. Until my parents find out."
"Or if I show up to an interview and they scold me for being a worthless slut," she said with a laugh. "And for real, I gave myself 48 hours to ruin my life before I take down all my content and beg you all to take yours down - so in 2 days I get serious. I try to get serious and turn my life around. And I don't want you to let me. Like - I need to take this as far as it can go. Okay, see you in a couple days begging and pleading! Don't listen to me when I do!" Madison blew a kiss to the camera, turned off the recording, uploaded the video, and went to take a shower.