This is where the tale shifts to sex outdoors. Not of the type I had enjoyed in the past, being half of a pair in private outdoors, at least theoretically. Places like deserted water filled quarries, empty lakes while camping, or in the woods. Even one time getting caught at a school playground on Friday night. The two cops were amused even before my girlfriend's panties fell to the ground. Sex outdoors is nice on its own terms, as anyone who has experienced it knows.
Seeing someone exposed is thrilling, but it is a specific thrill which tends to be strongest the first time. Nudity is nice, but easy to get fairly accustomed to, sex not being part of what is going on. Especially in a place where nudists have been hanging out for a few decades. My first intentional exposure to a local nude lake took place several years after that initial lake exploration by inflatable canoe, seeing a woman's pussy wonderfully displayed. A sight that had made a very deep erotic impression, of a distinctly unexpected voyeuristic thrill.
That was only the second time that such a sight had totally captivated my attention in a purely sexual fashion. This time involving full awareness that nothing hidden was going on. Yet the sight on that summer day itself was still spectacular, in a way that truly stirred my cock. There was another couple with us, and even at the rear, privacy was somewhat scant. It was only a short moment, but its intensity was extremely unusual.
The first experience, and really only other time of being a true voyeur, was more typical. Coming home late one summer night to the apartment complex, really stoned, going around to the rear units, with only a small amount of apartments to be seen from the curving sidewalk. Walking, enjoying an oncoming storm darkening the sky, one window was lit, with a woman in it, starting to take off her shirt. I stopped, transfixed, already quite horny due to the weed, to see her bra exposed from the back as she pulled off her shirt, then shaking her hair to have it flow evenly again.
My hand had gone to a wonderfully lengthening cock. She was sexy in a way that went straight to my mind, combining irresistibly with the sheer thrill of being a voyeur. I had stepped a bit over the grass to lean against the building brick wall, in a darker section. My cock was rigid, being rubbed pointing down under now stretched jeans. When she turned just a bit, giving the first sight of her bra covered tits, only the top of her jeans were visible from the ground. Her hair was shoulder length, brown and straight as it went below her shoulders.
She never undressed further, and though she too seemed to appreciate the storm's approach, when she appeared to see me, the curtain was closed abruptly. I have always had a bit of mixed feelings - such gazing is not polite obviously. On the other hand, it was amazing to see a bra revealed the way she did, a memory that has stuck for decades, with a certain tinge of guilt. Though definitely not regret at such a singular thrill.
Going to places where being nude was normal, my wife had normally been involved, but never with anyone we knew socially. Being naked with strangers is fairly easy for a pair. Talking about swimming at work one day in the spring with a younger and very attractive colleague, she mentioned that a lake near us was used by nudists, where she had been going since she was 15. After a couple of minutes of further conversation, it became clear that this was the same lake that the canoe had been tested at. Further, we agreed to meet there when the weather turned properly summery.
Lisa is 10 years younger than I, however we shared a number of interests. As it turned out, that included swimming nude together. She was another woman who often did not wear a bra, though with her large breasts, that was unusual. And always interesting to see, as she never minded people noticing-
Going to a nude beach with someone you know is always different than going alone. Further, there is a difference in going with someone and then seeing them naked for the first time. Having only very recently been at a nude beach on the Atlantic Coast, this was still the first time going with a female friend never seen naked before. We met at a parking area maybe 1/3 of a mile from the nudist area.
One real advantage of nudist swimming is how little is required. We both just had a towel and mat, though she also brought sun tan lotion. My tan was well enough developed to not care about such things, an attitude carried over from my childhood. As we walked along the path to her preferred grassy section, she talked about how she hated bathing suits, ever since being a teenager. I provided my own perspective, saying that I would never go body surfing without a bathing suit again, but her experiences did not include enjoying surf that way.
The section she selected only had a couple of people in it, providing plenty of space to lay down our mats. Both earlier arriving visitors were older, Lisa saying hi to each, followed by me doing the same. Each had a very obvious all over tan, and both clearly knew her, at least from sight. This was unlike the beach, where everyone was basically a stranger, with a lot of open space around everyone there. This was more intimate, which actually works against more erotic speculations. Further, such intimacy made it much better for me being introduced. One reliable thing about public nudity is that being in a couple avoids the single male problem.
Obviously nudists are adults, and seeing what other people look like is always an enjoyable curiosity to satisfy. But nudists are not people who are interested in sex while sunbathing - themselves or others. Leering is not desired, though still a bit better than always furtive looking, as if people without clothes is somehow dirty or smutty. At a nude beach, tastefully looking at other naked people - while talking with them, for example - is not a problem. Other styles of interaction definitely are a problem, though in a local place like this, such men are quite explicitly told to go somewhere else.
Nude sunbathing and swimming outdoors like this is generally social, conversation ebbing and flowing. Undressing that first time was quick, having decided that there was no reason to take time. Without quite thinking that meant standing nude as Lisa sat down on her mat, next to mine. She started to unbutton her shirt, exposing braless breasts as I kept looking down her blouse. I shifted my eyes to the other two sun bathers, an older man now on his side, hat over his eyes, and an older woman, laying on her back a couple of yards away,
Looking at her was distracting in an enticing way, as another woman exposed her breasts right next to me. This older woman only had a tiny tuft of pubic hair at the very top of her slit. Her pubic hair seemed to matched the color of the pulled back hair on her head. Her breasts were flattish, not large, though with large, almost ruddy, flat nipples.
Lisa now stood up next to me, blocking the view in the most delightful way, starting to push down her shorts, displaying basic red cotton panties. Nudists as a group rarely have fancy underwear, and women rarely wear anything that could be called lingerie in contrast to underwear. Much like Lisa, even older women rarely wear bras, depending on circumstances. Many people bicycle to that lake, and the women who come from further distances invariably wear a sports bra, which makes perfect sense.
After seeing Lisa's large breasts hang and sway as she stepped out of her shorts, I was able to look over at the other woman again. Whose eyes were closed as she lay in sunlight, making it easier to look at her breasts and pubic area instead of my companion. Who stood straight again, before bending to push down her panties to around her knees, then sitting down, her face roughly at the height of my cock as I looked down, seeing her black fur exposed as she rocked on her back, taking the panties completely off.
She was the first black haired woman ever seen naked so close in public. All my other, non-public, outdoor experiences had involved sex partners, with darker blonde/light brunette haired women, along with one redhead. All of whom generally did not shave. Lisa was different in this regard, with the first obviously trimmed bush I had ever seen close up. Not quite counting the other woman, who was a complete stranger, with another look entirely, one I would consider shaved. Making her less interesting than the definite attraction of Lisa's uncovered dark black pubes.
I lay on my stomach as she stretched out on her back. Her eyes were closed the several times I looked over while mainly just letting the sun warm my whole body. After a few minutes, seeing the first pearls of sweat on her forehead, she suggested swimming. And without waiting for a response, stood, giving me a gorgeous view of her ass as she walked down to the water.
Lisa was like and unlike Janet in several complimentary ways. Both were fully aware of how sexy they were, and neither was shy. On the other hand, Lisa did not bring along any of the complications that Janet possessed. My wife and I did not have an open relationship, but neither of us were especially possessive. For example, that Atlantic nude beach trip had involved her spending three nights with a surfer.
Seeing her go ever further into the lake was nice, until we were both swimming in the refreshing clear sparkling water. When we left, we toweled off, separately. However, the way she flung the towel away after being wrapped in it attracted my attention. We repeated this cycle several times, enjoying the fresh air, sun, and water in perfect balance. After the first time, she asked me to put lotion on her back, which ended up involving me massaging lotion into all the skin I could discretely reach.
Which she seemed to enjoy, starting a low moaning as I lotioned her inner thighs. My cock was definitely stirring by that point, but it was not difficult to keep under control. She was not even someone I had sex with, and though attractive in a number of ways, our meeting had nothing to do with sex. Leaving aside the point that we are all adults, knowing that a certain potential element is often involved. As it turned out, that element was a shared one. The next several visits were equally pleasant, especially after it became obvious she did not mind me looking at her in the least. Along with discovering our mutual interest in weed, floating on an air mattress, drinking gin and tonics, enjoying the pure sensuality of a naked summer day with someone else.
It was glorious to give full attention to her delightfully displayed lush body. Her breasts and nipples were entrancing, a fact already well hinted at with how she dressed. What was unexpected was her prominent labia, which were the largest I had ever seen. At some point during those first visits, she even mentioned their size, after noticing my repeated gazing between her legs, suggesting that maybe they were that big because of all the sex she enjoyed.
A conversation that occurred on a raft under a cloudless sky, enjoying a joint knowing no one could know what we doing while floating together. We had no problem being open when it came to sex, both of us having a keen interest in the subject. An interest that was growing more tempting as we continued to share experiences.
On the shore, drinking and lotioning each other became a routine when no one was near. Or, depending on how things were, not caring that people were around, as long as discretion could be maintained. Something that became a type of contest between us that summer, seeing just how far the other could be pushed, without quite crossing the politeness barrier.
The next summer was when things began growing more daring. We indulged in more intimate physical games in private over the winter, discovering that we were equally skilled in kissing. These games were a bit different in one sense, since we already knew what the other looked like naked. On the other hand, we had not been grinding, holding each other's jeans covered asses immediately after smoking a bowl during the time we spent sunbathing. Much less sucking her tits or her playing with my cock.
Seeing her naked outdoors at the start of another summer was delightful. Pulling her shirt over head, her large aerolas were not just hinted at any longer. Taking off my jeans, I noticed how she was looking at my cock with a certain now quite familiar stoned expression. A look that caused it to grow in response, as we both get turned on by smoking weed. When she sat after taking off her skirt and panties, her large labia were visible, looking quite tempting. We were both obviously getting more than a bit aroused, following smoking a joint in a stretch of forest near the parking lot just a couple of minutes before. Lisa smoked cigarettes, making the smell of what we had been indulging unnoticeable before returning to the normal path.
Today, we became lazy, including not using any suntan lotion. Something we regretted, getting predictably sunburned, though not badly enough to keep from shortly returning to take advantage of the weather. One thing nudists learn is the importance of developing a good tan, and to take the proper steps in acquiring one.
The next few times, we used lotion lavishly, something that went perfectly with getting high first. We each could easily take a half hour massaging the other, with the touching often growing irresistibly intimate. With or without people around, in a fully acceptable fashion as we kept our activities shielded. She also taught me what it meant when a naked woman raises herself on her elbows while having lotion spread over her body.
Though her hinting was probably a bit more obvious than normal the first time. In part because she was likely getting turned on after getting high just a few minutes before, and in part due to my own obliviousness to a subtle hint. My hands had been sliding over her sides, including a bit of soft breast, feeling incredibly daring at going that far. I do not make assumptions, but when somebody makes their interest clear, I am more than willing to satisfy such their intimate desires. Assuming no complications, which did not exist for either of us when at the lake.
Putting Janet's previous behavior on the beach in a different light, as she definitely raised her chest, nipples free of the ground, when having lotion put on. Lisa loved having her nipples played with, fingers sliding and squeezing as they grew harder. Most women with big breasts and large nipples do not get very erect, but she was a notable exception, in much the same way her pussy lips were.
Being naked in public is not the same as sex in public. Where feeling a woman up fits into that scale is beyond judging, but there was no way either of us wanted to stop whenever my fingers ran over her sensitive nipples, often leading to a very gradual opening of her legs. Her breasts were gorgeous, so inviting to keep feeling and teasing. Her nipples would get quite erect, much like my cock, and it was obvious from her delightful scent that she became aroused from having them played with.
The person getting the pleasure remained on their stomach, providing a certain deniability that anything improper was going on. Improper by someone else's definition, not ours, as we continued to turn the other on each time we met at the lake. Another story exists providing much more detail of an extraordinary day, but realizing just how free one could be was intriguing.
For several summers, we made sure no sunburn recurred. We would also often enough hang out on a raft and smoke a joint. Though rare, true exhibitionists do exist, and one time, we saw a couple well known for their openness. No one was precisely shocked that a couple might be exhibitionists, and they stayed in a discrete section, along with coming fairly early in the morning. Since this lake was not an official swimming location, their having naked sex was not really any more against the rules, as long as they weren't bothering anyone else.
That was the first time watching a couple in public with another woman. They clearly did not care that we could see them standing in the shallow water, and we could not stop looking. My hard cock felt exquisite in the water, as did Lisa's thighs between mine, rubbing her pussy over my sensitive skin as the couple played with each other, his cock obviously aroused as she stroked it. Her reaction to being finger fucked was almost equally explicit.
Lisa and I remained entranced by their open display, sharing in their obvious delight at having an audience. This was different from how we played, normally getting the most turned on when no one was around. The fact we were watching kept us discrete out of habit, even this turned on, though they would have been a willing audience, I am sure.
During those summer visits, we rarely kissed at all, preferring more hideable fun. Lisa was always easy to tease between her legs, and she could not resist finger fucking, head in her arms, lips swelled and juicy. She knew that I would pause if anyone got near, to give her a chance to decide whether it was time to stop. A decision involving a couple of factors, such as whether she had already cum at least once or if the new arrival was someone she knew. In the end, neither of us were actually exhibitionists, though we were both devoted nudists who enjoyed outdoor sexual opportunities.
This balancing act is not particularly common either I believe, but when done well, you wouldn't necessarily know it was going on. The reaction nudists have to the idea that nudity is only about sex is completely understandable, shared by most nudists, leaving aside the occasional true exhibitionists.
I have had more sex at this lake than times I have seen others till now. However, Lisa was involved in an amazing display in front of me and a couple of others, the first time going swimming outdoors with her then fresh and dozen years younger girlfriend Katie. Katie shared our mutual interest in weed, and when we brought her cherry picking for the first time in her life, the attraction between the two was obvious.
Now, a couple of weeks after that time in the town orchard, I was seeing another woman naked for the first time, with a different connection than acquaintance, lover, or wife. Seeing my friend's lover undress and then be lotioned by Lisa was extremely erotic. They then laid on their backs in the sun, providing a wonderful opportunity to look closely at two different woman's breasts, appreciating the differences. Katie too rarely wore bras, as her breasts were small and quite firm, with nipples that did not poke exactly, but were generally noticeable.
As the sun grew hotter, and after a bit of slippery cuddling, they went into the water, taking their time to adjust to the temperature. But also clearly taking even more time as they began to kiss. Waist deep was as deep as they went, unable to break off their passionate french kissing, tit rubbing, and luxurious pussy grinding.
This was much like years ago on that Atlantic Beach, except this time, watching was not a problem in the least. Both in the sense of knowing that neither Lisa nor Katie cared, and also what could be seen was much more explicit. It was very sensuous, right at the extended outside edge of acceptable. In part because they never actually fingered each other, and in part because no one cared that much. They were not actually a center of attention, in a certain common diffidence shared among longer time nudists.
I found it amazing, knowing just why they were so wonderfully turned on, not caring that other people could see their shared physical interest. Two women can enjoy themselves in public in a way two men cannot. Apart from couples, I have never seen an erect cock at any nude beach.
The truth is simple - women can be quite subtle when totally turned on, something impossible for a man. Oddly, male nudists likely know this best, since the vast majority of the time, the woman whose legs are open is not horny in the least, no more than a man with a soft cock. But if you know the woman, the difference is possible to recognize. Especially in Lisa's case, where her lips would swell and darken wonderfully.
Other women I have known over decades of going to the lake never show such signs, especially a woman who has no concern about exposing her pussy explicitly while stretching. Maria is the woman I saw during that first visit, and she remains a devoted nudist till now. Partially to spend time stretching to prevent her joints getting too painful. At the end of last season, it was just her, another long term male visitor, and I enjoying the last warm distinctly fall day, taking advantage of a few hours of unexpected sun.
We talked for quite a while, fairly close even with corona a possibility. My cock was at eye level, and she was sitting open legged, with the sun shining almost directly on her front. She had never been shy, as open as any man, without offering an invitation at all. Sharing the freedom to simply talk, seeing each other without clothing being a natural pleasure. The only sex you should ever expect at a nude beach is with your partner, but there is a deep satisfaction in looking at a woman's spread pussy while talking as she gazes at a free hanging cock.