Brit as usual had eyes on her from every angle. Even if she was standing next to her brother Lance and his friend Evan. Nobody was concerned that her brother would defend her honor. She didn't want to be defended.
"Hey Evan? What do you have planned for me this weekend? It's your turn." She winks.
"We're going swimming. Public pool. You're losing your bikini."
She builds a fist and pumps it with a rasping 'Yesssssss!"
Lance amused by her adds, "Maybe I should ask Chloe to go too."
Brit scowls, "Stop lusting after her before Chuck kills you."
He shakes his head, "No worries. She likes me."
"Whatever!" Brit rolls her eyes.
Evan eyes Brit's nipples shining vividly through her thin white top held on her shoulders by shoestring straps. Her cleavage was bulging at the low cut of the top.
"Eyes up here Handsome." She lifts Evans chin then lowers it, "Okay you can look again."
He chuckles as Lance punches his shoulder.
"Quit lusting after my sister. That's my job."
"Incest is best." Evan coughs into his hand.
Lance suddenly looks at Brit, "You know...I haven't actually fucked my sister yet."
She pats his cheek, "Take your time. I'm getting sore as it is from all the attention these past few weeks."
Evan pouts at her comment until she in turn pats his cheek also, "Not too sore for you. In the pool in front of everybody?" She hints.
"Might be kids. Okay, if we can be inconspicuous." He hisses playfully.
"No. You're right. That might be bad. We can think of something though. I won't let you not fuck me."
"Awesome!" He nods erratically.
The bell rings for her Algebra class and she shuffles away. In her journey she passes multiple students. This time it included a band of four Varsity cheerleaders still in uniform from an early morning practice.
Stopping her with a hand to her shoulder Brit faces a busty brunette with short hair.
"Can we talk for a second?" She asks.
"Thirty seconds, Sophia. Can't be late for Marko's class. You're in his class too."
"I know. Listen. We hear everything you do. There's no hiding it."
"That's nice. Here to tell me to stop?" Brit expects frowning.
"Hardly. We only wish we had your boldness."
Surprised she puckers, "Really?" Doubt creeps in heavily as she squints her leeriness in their direction.
"Sophia Pope" clasps her palms together looking to her friends, "Tara, Dawn, and Cryssa." Each of them were bright in their exploration of Brit's reaction.
"Dawn Lawrence", a gorgeous redhead with exceptional curves launches her own retort. Hands held in front of her she exposes, "I understand your distrust. We haven't quite accepted you since you moved here. It's not like you're not super beautiful. You just never seemed to try and fit in with us."
Brit frowns, "Was that up to me? I'm just not the cheerleader type. Even though I bet I'm more limber than any of you girls."
"Cryssa Apari", a stunning Philipino, short and sweet rolls her eyes, "I can put my legs behind my head."
Brit puckers and nods, "So can I. How about you three? Can you?"
"Tara Zellers", a muscled blond with a ponytail gushes, "I can do that and take a drink."
Brit holds her laughter as she shrugs, "Got me there. I might need a straw. I'm late for class. Joining me Sophia?"
Sophia smiles and waves at her friends, "She's right. Gotta fly. See you all at lunch."
Brit then forces herself to cradle her arm around Sophia's like a bestie. She did it for reaction purposes. The other girls were caught with looks of awe.
"I think the cheering section forgot their cheer." Brit whispers to Sophia.
"They'll get over it. We need to talk more after class. I soooo want to be like you."
Brit winces, "Like me?"
"Yes. Your boldness is exhilarating."
Brit stops to face Sophia, "Do you really want to be like me?"
"Yes. I do." Sophia brightens her eyes wide.
"Hold my books." She passes them off to Sophia who looks confused.
Brit grins then bends over to raise Sophia's skirt. In a swift move she slides her hands up and locates the girls panties. One struggling tug later she peels the girls garment off of her and to her ankles.
Sophia turned beet red but regardless stepped out of them. As Brit stood waving them around like a flag she notes a nerd next to them who had witnessed the move.
"Hey Clarence? Hold on to these until class is over." She then stuffs them into his shirt pocket. The boy was ready to faint.
Sophia trembled, "Holy spit. I can't believe you...I let you...HOLY SPIT!"
Brit winks, "Go. Take your seat. Follow my lead."
Once inside the class Brit claims her books and heads to her seat ahead of Sophia. As the bell rings to begin class Mr. Marko enters like a lumbering Yeti. Door closed to the outside world he starts class like he does every morning.
"Top of the mornin' Lads and Lassies."
Brit lets out a whimper like a dog as the class chuckles.
"Sorry. Lassie came home. Are you Timmy?"
Marko chuckles and wanders next to her reaching out to pet the top of her head. He marveled at the fact she even knew of the classic TV series.
"Welcome home Pup. Ye been gone far too long. Timmy's all grown up."
She pants trying not to laugh then swiftly out moves his hands retreat and licks his hand. The entire class went, "EWWWW!"
Marko scowls and dries his knuckle on his shirt, "That will be enough of that Lassie. The shelter to ye."
Cringing she gets out of her chair and drops to her knees on all fours. Without his notice she crawls after him. As the class laughs he turns and looks down at her over his shoulder.
"Back in your seat before I make ye roll over." He snaps trying not to further the humor. Couldn't help himself.
She crawls out into the open and stretches out on her back before rolling over and spreading her legs for the boys in her view to see. She heard whistles that made her roll over once more before leaning on her knees and elbows, ass bare in the air. She winks up at Marko who shakes his head.
"Get up." He muses at her.
"Not until you rub my belly." She defies and lays on her back again.
"What's gotten into you this morning?" He squints.
"Nobody yet. The day's young. Now rub my belly like a good Master." She giggles.
The room rolls with laughter as a low volume chant begins, "RUB HER BELLY. RUB HER BELLY."
Marko hisses and kneels down on one leg as Brit lifts her shirt up to reveal her perfect tummy and dangling jewelry. Her shirt is held so high the lower portion of her tits were visible.
Knowing he was being out of line he chuckles and rubs her belly, choosing to keep his fingers low to her waist.
After he finishes she whimpers, "Morrrre!"
He shakes his head and stands up.
"That's enough fun and games. Take your seat."
Moving away she stands up and walks around the edge of the room allowing boys to rub her belly. As he turns to witness her behavior he growls.
"SIT!"
Brit jumped and dove for her chair whimpering like a scolded dog.
"MEAN OLE MASTER!" She blurts then offers a pout.
Marko points at her with a stern look to stop. She frowns and falls silent.
As Marko grabs chalk he begins writing on the chalkboard. While his back is turned Brit twists in her chair to wink at Sophia. Sophia sat with her jaw wide open.
Even with her mouth gaping Sophia smiled with her eyes. This girl was amazing she thought.
Brit motioned for her to spread her legs and lift her skirt up. The boys around her fell silent and watched hopefully. Sophia Pope was on every boys fantasy list. With her stunning features. Short brown hair that was just plain sexy, revealing a kissable neckline. Long legs even though she only stood a respectable 5'5. She however had never thought to tease any of them. She found most of them frightful looking.
After another motion Sophia shakes her head hesitantly. She couldn't do it. Finally, while Marko was still turned away Brit places a silence finger to her lips and carefully gets up to creep back to Sophia's seat. Brit then kneels down and lifts the front of Sophia's outfit. In the shadows the boys spotted her gently trimmed region. Brit patted Sophia's thighs until she took a deep breath and spread her legs enough to reveal her labia.
Blushing as boys looked her over in awe she froze. Brit licked her index finger and caught Sophia off guard by rubbing it over her clit.
Sophia lets out a deafening yelp which makes the room explode in chatter. Marko darted his gaze back to see Sophia's pussy just before she clamped her legs shut. Brit stood up and fluttered her fingers at Marko.
"I SAID SIT!" The Giant bellowed.
Pouting Brit returns to her seat and leers back at Sophia. The girl was traumatized and squirming in her seat. The event made her wet. After a second to breath Sophia sticks her tongue out at Brit.
Brit in response uses her finger like a rising erection then points at the nerd who had her underwear. Clarence Selby huffed and pulled her panties from his pocket waving it like a flag.
Sophia dropped her jaw as Clarence sniffed the thong then passed it to another boy, then off to yet another five before returning to Clarence.
All of them expressed their desire toward Sophia. This made her continue blushing, but with her legs wide.
Brit motions to open them wider still. Finally, Sophia swallows hard then raises her skirt up to her waist in front. A beautifully lit view of her snatch was breathtaking. Drool was forming everywhere around her.
Eying Brit again Sophia notes her fingers motioning her to spread her lips. This made Sophia shake her head and fear Marko turning around. Another motion later Sophia grits her teeth and pries her labia wide to reveal a luscious tunnel of love.
Thumbs up from all who witnessed. Even the other girls in class. Half of them lusted for Sophia themselves. The other half admired both Sophia and Brit.
Chilling as Marko took charge Sophia pulled herself together and endured the boredom of Algebra.
As the bell rang the students poured out for a breather. Before Brit could leave Marko cleared his throat.
"Foxx? Pope? A word please."
They shuffled forward and stood beside Marko as he sat sideways at his desk looking up at them.
"No more of that behavior in my class. Either of you. Peripheral vision Pope. I saw way too much."
Brit smirks, "No you haven't. Come on Irish."
She then lifts her skirt and backs her bare ass up to him. Sophia's eyes bulged.
"Back it up Sophia. Be like me you said."
Sophia swallows and looks at Marko with terror in her eyes. Still Brit was getting away with this.
Marko admired Brit's butt while wanting to rub her ass. Still he waited to see Sophia's final expression.
Slamming her books on top of Marko's desk Sophia darted around to Brit's opposite side and quickly lifts her skirt. Two bare butts faced the Giant. His hands couldn't resist. Rubbing both asses and slipping his fingers between their clenched clams made both girls jump and whine softly.
"Very nice Lassies."
Brit straightens up then pulls Sophia to her senses.
"You were awesome Sophia. I'm proud of you."
"I can't believe I did that. I can't believe we did that. I can't believe you...did that." She dared to look Marko in the eye.
"Our secret. Understood?" He points at her.
Sophia nods sheepishly, "I promise."
"Good. Now get out of here before the next class comes about."
The girls dart away into the hall as Sophia stops in her tracks dropping her books to clutch Brit's biceps.
"HOLY SPIT!" She repeated.
"Slut 101! Class dismissed." Brit giggles.
"That was freaking insane. I felt so wanted."
"I think you were always wanted Sophia. You just never took the time to notice."
"I so want to be your new best friend. Let my cell touch your cell. Please."
Brit taps her cell on Sophia's which automatically shares their numbers.
"Now we need to get Tara, Dawn, and Cryssa to be as open." Brit suggests.
"I know they want to open up. It might be harder than me. I'll need to coax them out of their shells. Let's discuss this at lunch."
"I have a lunch date. How about after school. Let's all meet at Evergreen Park by the swings."
"I'll be there. Oh wait. There's Pep rally practice until 4:00 though. Can we meet at 4:30?" Sophia hopes.
"GO HAMPSTERS!" Brit chuckles.
"It's BEAVERS, silly."
"Huh! I thought it was Hampsters. Gee, maybe I'll be a cheerleader after all. I have a Beaver. Right?"
Sophia bursts out laughing just as Lance Foxx and Styles enter their space.
"Sup Sis?" Lance grunts.
Styles however throws an arm over Brit's shoulder letting his palm drop directly on to Brit's right breast. He squeezes it lightly.
Brit smirks, "Isn't he cute?"
"Hey Sophia. I didn't know you knew Brit." Styles expresses.
"I do now. She's incredible. I love how she's so open to being touched."
Lance nods, "Take lessons. You're too hot not to be groped."
Sophia blushes just as Brit rolls her eyes and grabs Lance's hand. She guides it over to grip Sophia's left tit. Her eyes bulged. His eyes bulged.
"Wow! I touched Sophia freaking Pope." Lance squeezes her gently.
Brit grins, "The real thing next time. Now go away Little Brother. I'm busy."
Lance and Styles hiss and depart.
"I let him touch me. I'm all mushy downstairs now." Sophia looks squeamish.
"You're letting them both touch your tits at the Park. Be ready and be proud."
"Yes Sir." She giggles.
"Later Beaver Bitch." Brit playfully teases swaggering.
"Bye Hampster Hottie."
Friendships were in the making.
Brit huffed to blow her bangs aside in thought.
"Plates getting full. Grace. Dad. Evan. Styles. Lance. Chloe. The Faculty. Wow!" She stops in her tracks, "How can I forget Style's dad and the baseball team. Christ I could make a fortune as a hooker."
Laughing she heads to Art class. She needed a breather.
Her lunch with Marko was scrumptious.
He filled her pussy doggy style.
She howled her approval.
Timmy came home this time.