Thanks to those who have written to me or left comments. Special thanks to jarrell2 for some thoughts regarding Matt.
Read on only if you don't mind threesomes, lesbian sex, group sex, and some BDSM.
Matt's watch beeped and he slowed his cycling. He took a swig from his water bottle, wiped some sweat from his face and looked down at the bike's display. 6.4 miles! He felt pleased. This time 6 months ago he could barely keep pedalling for 20 minutes straight on these machines. Now he was averaging nearly 20 mph.
He glanced to his left and his mood improved further. Vanessa was on a treadmill not far away. Her butt was tiny and smooth in her lycra leggings, and it wiggled invitingly as she jogged. In the mirrors in front of her, he could also see her breasts jiggling, despite the sports top doing its best to keep them still.
She noticed him staring at her in the mirror. She didn't look displeased. She half-turned without altering her pace. "You done?"
"Yeah." Matt hopped off the bike and wiped his face again. "Want a coffee after we get changed?"
Vanessa adjusted the controls of the treadmill, slowing it to a stop. Her chest gleamed with sweat, and some formed small rivulets at each side of her cleavage. Matt would have happily offered to towel her off.
She smiled. "Sure. Here or somewhere else?"
Matt pulled a face. "Not here! Next door's pretty good though."
Matt had been coming to Speedy's Gym regularly for the past 6 months. Today he and Vanessa were supposed to be on location for a TV shoot. But the director had come down with gastro, and the planned production had been cancelled for the day at the last minute.
Vanessa was a make-up artist, and a damn good one. They had known each other vaguely for more than a decade, running into each other on various productions and at the occasional party or function. The current TV show had been shooting for 7 weeks, and they had spent a fair bit of time together during the inevitable "down" time.
She was also a fitness fanatic, and she had jumped at Matt's suggestion of a workout now that their planned workday was off. Matt enjoyed her company, and enjoyed looking at her body even more. He thought she knew that he was rather partial to her.
As they settled down with lattes at the cafe next to the gym, Vanessa sent off a text message. "Just letting Dave know I'll be home early," she said by way of explanation.
"Like to keep track of you, does he?" Matt teased.
She put the phone on the table and flicked a lock of brown hair from her freckled face. She smiled. "He does actually. I don't know if it's a control thing or what. I think he'd be rather jealous if he knew I was here with you."
Matt looked appreciatively across at the tight-bodied hottie opposite him. Her skin glowed with vitality, her hair freshly washed, her body curvaceous. "I don't blame him!" he said.
Vanessa looked pleased with the compliment but deflected his attention with a question of her own. "What about you? Won't Susan be jealous to find you've hung out all day with another woman?"
Matt laughed. "Oh, no. Not at all." He paused for a moment, weighing up how much to share. "She won't mind in the slightest. We....she and I have an arrangement."
An eyebrow arched in response. "Oh ho! What's that supposed to mean?"
Matt sat back and smiled, saying nothing for the moment.
"Come on! Out with it," Vanessa began but then stopped. The thought suddenly occurred to her that maybe theirs might be a fairly loveless marriage - much like her own first union had been. That would explain Matt's recent flirtations with her. She sobered up a little. "Doesn't she care what you do?"
But Matt just smiled even further. "Not at all. Quite the opposite, actually. She's very interested in all the details. Who I've been with. Where. What happened..."
Vanessa looked confused. "Meaning what?"
"Meaning that whilst we are very committed to each other, we're free to enjoy other people."
"And by "enjoy" you mean...?"
"Sex," Matt stated matter-of-factly. He studied her face closely to judge her response. After coming clean with Susan after their last encounter with Clara and Michel, Matt found he enjoyed talking openly about sex very much. He felt a warmth in his cock and was aware of it beginning to stiffen.
Vanessa seemed to be having a bit of trouble digesting this information. She frowned. "And that's totally fine? I mean, Susan might be off with - well, with anyone - and you don't care?"
Matt smiled. He was enjoying her response. He took a sip of his coffee before replying. "I wouldn't say that I "don't care" - actually I care a lot! But in a good way. I mean, in an encouraging way. We both support each other in this."
She shook her head and sipped her own coffee thoughtfully. "I can't really see how that can work - but I guess each to his own."
"Or her own," Matt grinned. Vanessa colored. She suspected he was slightly laughing at her, but she couldn't be sure.
Matt became more serious. "You're absolutely right though. It's not for everyone. Both partners have to be comfortable with it."
Vanessa nodded. "I guess I'm thinking of Dave. I can't imagine him being ok with something like that."
"But you can?" Matt probed. Vanessa flushed again though she tried hard not to show it.
"Well, I don't know. I've never been in that situation, have I?" This time she was sure Matt was laughing at her, but she didn't care.
"Don't you discuss these kinds of things with each other?"
Vanessa took refuge in her cup of coffee for a while, partly feeling embarrassed by the topic of conversation, but partly aroused and curious. The latter side of her eventually won out.
She sighed. "Dave is a pretty private guy. I think it's hard for him to talk openly about sex. His family are so conservative. You just don't discuss those sorts of things, you know?" She finished the rest of her coffee. "He's probably never had a fantasy in his life!"
"I bet he has," Matt said, more forcefully than he meant to. "He wouldn't be human if he didn't!" He looked across at Vanessa, her damp hair slicked back and tied in a pony tail, a low top making the most of her small but well-rounded breasts. His balls tightened and drew up in their sac. He imagined kissing and sucking them and wondered what her nipples looked like.
He lifted his eyes to hers in a kind of challenge. "I bet you have," he said softly.
For a third time her cheeks flushed, but she held his gaze, her eyes sparkling defiantly. "Of course," she said, then suddenly smiled. "The problem is... well, firstly I don't know that Dave would come at anything too raunchy... but I just know," and she gave a little laugh. "I just know that if I mentioned the word "threesome" he will straight away be thinking of 2 girls whereas I'm thinking 2 guys!"
She couldn't hold his gaze any longer and looked down into her empty cup.
Matt laughed. "Yes - I guess that's probably true." He was silent for a while, thinking. "Would that be such a bad thing? Two girls I mean."
Vanessa made as if to punch him. "Typical guy's response!"
"Maybe - but I'm serious. It might be the first step towards...well...other things..."
Vanessa looked out of the shop window, thinking. She kept her gaze there as she spoke again. "I suppose so. It's not my ideal, exactly."
"What is your ideal?"
"I think I've already mentioned it." Vanessa shook her head. "But - this is ridiculous. I can't see Dave really wanting...." She wavered her hand around abstractedly. "That..." she ended lamely.
Matt leaned forward with an earnest look on his face. "Never underestimate your partner," he said. "Susan and I did that for years. Both of us making assumptions about what the other one thought or wanted. It took another couple to push us to test our boundaries, and now that we are speaking honestly about it together - well, it's the best thing ever."
He sat back, and Vanessa was silent for a long time. Finally she shrugged. "You're probably right. At least it can't really hurt to try and discuss it a bit more." She paused. "But the thing is - if he does react positively, how do you go about...I don't know...organising things?"
Matt smiled. "Don't worry. If it comes to that, I'm sure Susan would be only too happy to help you out."
Later that night, Matt was getting undressed for bed. Susan was in the bathroom brushing her teeth. Matt's phone beeped with a text message. He saw it was from Vanessa. He had shared the afternoon's conversation with Susan. Susan had only seen photos of Vanessa, but what she had seen had made her more than willing to play with her. Her husband, Dave, was pretty cute too.
Reading the message Matt realised Susan was in for some disappointment, but his own penis began to throb.
The message read:
Turns out we don't need Susan after all. 2 guys an acceptable proposition. U in?
**************************************************
Susan was usually the first to leave the house each morning. She was more of a morning person than her husband. Almost always first out of bed, she had often showered and had breakfast before Matt ever threw back the covers and staggered into the day.
Today was no exception. Susan had an early start at school and was ready to leave, while Matt slumbered on. He had been very attentive with her last night, giving her a long hard pounding in multiple positions, so she didn't begrudge him his rest.
Matt always slept in the nude. The past night had been fairly warm and the the bedsheets were currently only covering his calves and feet. Susan stood by the doorway and switched the ceiling fan off. Matt stirred but didn't wake. She stood for a moment admiring his physique.
The past six months had brought a significant change. Whilst not exactly overweight before, he had certainly been at the top of his healthy weight range and probably above his recommended waist circumference. Since their reunion with Michel and Clara, and the overt acknowledgement - even encouragement - of taking other sexual partners, Matt had made a serious effort to improve his body shape.
From where she stood, it certainly had paid dividends, Susan thought. His well-toned abs were smooth and his gut had lost the mild paunch he had carried for several years. His biceps were thicker than they had ever been and his butt muscles were firm and tight. She walked over to him to give him a soft peck on the cheek. His cock was in its flaccid state, resting lightly on the mattress as he lay on his side. She resisted the urge to fondle it into life. It needed some rest after last night too.
As she closed the house door quietly and headed for the bus stop, she contemplated that this offer from Vanessa was an example of the pay-off he was now reaping. True, the sexual escapades of the past 6 months hadn't exactly lived up to their own feverish imaginations yet. They were certainly not a patch on their adventures with Michel and Clara.
To be honest, she had probably had the best of it thus far. Matt had only had two liaisons. The first was when the two of them had gone to a night club with the intention to pick up someone. They had pretended not to know each other. Matt very publicly hit on Susan and she seemed to be receptive. He also turned his attentions to a young redhead dancing nearby. He flirted with both women for a while. Matt then apparently seemed to choose the new girl over Susan and the two of them ended up going back to her place.
Susan seemed to lose the mood after that. She took a taxi home, but it wasn't all that long before Matt joined her. Turned out there had been some brief unadventurous sex - in the dark, missionary style, condom on. It was vaguely pleasurable but the woman had no imagination, and after a brief coupling she seemed to have very little further interest.
The other occurrence was with a second rate model/actress at a cast and crew party 2 months ago, and she was so drunk at the time that she couldn't remember anything of what had happened between them. Matt snidely remarked to Susan that it hadn't actually been worth remembering - and even wished he shared her amnesia about the event!
Susan thought about her own flings. There had been been a guy who was a past work colleague who now had a senior role at another school. He'd propositioned her once at a staff Christmas party - how corny! But she had always been rather drawn to him physically. When he was around Susan was always aware of exactly where he was in the room. When dressing for work, she even sometimes found herself wondering if he would find her attractive in whatever it was she was wearing.
It was a flame of desire that Susan had always been aware of - always somewhere in the background. Admittedly less so now that he wasn't constantly around her. But he was her first thought when freed from the shackles of monogamy.
She tracked him down at his new school and left a voicemail message. He got in touch and sounded surprised but pleased when Susan suggested catching up. He took her out to dinner at a very nice restaurant, then drove her out to a fairly secluded lookout near South Head. Within minutes they were kissing and shedding their clothes. They fucked in the back seat of his SUV. It was cramped and uncomfortable, and he only seemed interested in getting himself off - which he did all too quickly. He dropped her back at her house feeling rather unsatisfied and strangely used.
She didn't return his phone calls.
She had only actively pursued him because she had heard he had split with his wife. She wasn't interested in wrecking other people's marriages by luring away husbands for the sake of a bit of fun.
She had more success with a younger guy who was re-training as a teacher, and had done a 3 week placement at Susan's school. He wasn't her student thank goodness. At 10 years his senior, she appreciated his lustful glances and flirted with him when briefly alone in the staffroom one day. She offered to stay back late to "help with his eduction". They both knew what that meant.
Susan recalled the agony of waiting to everyone to leave that day, then the exquisite bliss as he entered from from behind as she was spreadeagled over a desk in an empty office. His youthful cock was up for a more leisurely second round, this time with her impaled on his lap.
They had very nearly been caught by the cleaner, and after that Susan was too nervous to fool around with him at school. She had brought him home the next week, and they had spent a wonderful few hours in her bed. With his permission they had recorded the encounter, and Matt got jerked off many times subsequently to their home-made sex tape.
The guy had ended up getting a job at a country town school 8 hours away from Sydney and got a girlfriend up there, so things had dried up after that.
The bus was just pulling up as Susan reached the stop and she waited patiently for several people in front of her to board. Soon she was seated next to a window and slipping back into her reverie.
She had got rather excited when Matt had told her about his conversation with Vanessa. She was a cute little thing. Susan was surprised how disappointed she was that it would be Matt jointing her and her husband for some threesome fun, rather than herself.
And in particular, it was the thought of Vanessa that turned her on. Dave, her husband, had seemed handsome enough in the photos Matt had shared, but Susan was far more attracted to women now than she had ever been in her life before. She had felt no attraction whatsoever whilst growing up. Some of high friends had whispered and giggled about sharing a drunken lesbian kiss, but Susan didn't get into any of that playful, experimental fun. She had only ever thought she'd loved cocks. Until recently.
Jinx and Clara had opened her eyes to a world she hadn't contemplated before. Again and again her thoughts kept returning to her experiences with those two sexy women. Susan had enjoyed them far more than she would ever have expected. They were all too brief though, and as the months slipped past Susan found herself often fantasizing about lesbian sex when she was in need of some solo release (which was happening rather frequently these days!).
Now, with the slight jealousy of Matt getting some action she was excluded from, her thoughts turned again to her own possibilities. Those two recent guys had gone nowhere. What about trying another woman? Her heart beat faster just thinking about it. Which was an answer in itself really.
But could she actively seek out a liaison though? And how would she do that? Men she could pick up relatively easily - but women? Where would she start? Not with friends surely. Too complicated - either if they responded negatively or even if they didn't. Things could easily get too messy in both situations.
What about a hooker? Would she consider paying someone for sex? And did all hookers do women as well as men? It was embarrassing to even think about trying to find out.
One possibility came into her mind : the 3 day conference in Newcastle she was due to attend the following weekend. It was a Friday to Sunday thing. Susan was the only one from her school attending. In fact, she might not really know anyone else there - the conference topic was neuroplasticity which was still not very mainstream in the world of education.
As the bus trundled along, filling up with passengers as it went, Susan could at least console herself with some rather lewd ideas about what could happen on such a conference. Even if such outcomes were unlikely, they would at least make for some fun masturbation in the meantime!
**************************************************
The following Thursday night Matt was sprawled across the bed watching Susan pack. She was leaving early the following day and would be away until Sunday. An open suitcase lay at the foot of the bed.
"Should I take these fishnets?" Susan asked, going through her drawers.
"They always do it for me," Matt replied.
His wife turned and smiled. "I've already got you!" She turned back to her underwear.
"How about these?" She held up some crotchless pantyhose.
"Definitely."
Susan threw them both them and the fishnets into the case. She swept her shirt up and off, revealing a see-through bra.
"Now that's what I like to see!" Matt smiled. Susan pulled down her skirt too, showing she was attired in the matching knickers. "If only your students knew what you wear under your nice conservative exterior," he said.
"Who says they don't?" Susan teased. She reached for the first of several dresses she had laid out for selection. "Now I need you paying attention," she said firmly.
"Oh, you've got my attention alright," Matt smirked, eyeballing her scantily-clad figure.
"Even when I do this," Susan replied and put on the dress.
Matt feigned boredom. "Yeah - you're starting to lose me."
Susan angled her body this way and that as she looked in her wardrobe mirror. "I want to take three dresses up. They need to say "sexy and available".
"Plenty of cleavage then."
"This enough?" Susan turned to him. The green dress plunged so low you could almost see her belly button.
"I don't think you'll be able to wear a bra with that," Matt opined, her current bra slightly ruining the open cleavage effect.
"Don't worry - I don't plan to." She turned back to look at herself in the mirror. "I need a distraction while I'm at the conference. So I'm not just thinking about you all the time."
"Jealous?" Matt enquired.
"Only a little." She let the dress slip off her shoulders and came to sit on the end of the bed in her underwear. "I can't let you have all the fun, can I?" Matt was naked and his erection was already almost fully grown as he watched her show off her body. Susan reached out and stroked it with her hand. She felt it instantly harden to full volume.
She ran her fingers lightly up and down his shaft. Matt felt the thrill of her touch ripple up his body. "Dressed like that, I'm sure I won't be the only one "having fun"," he said.
"You think I might be able to score some action?"
"Seeing you in that dress makes me want to come up and join you."
"Why don't you? It's only a bit over an hour away."
"Tell you what," Matt said. "If things aren't going to plan up there by Saturday, let me know and I'll drive up."
"You might be too busy yourself," Susan smirked.
"That's just for tomorrow night," Matt replied.
"You might all kick on over the weekend."
Matt looked doubtful "Maybe. We can always hope, I guess."
Susan smiled. "Who's the "we"? You and him?" she gave Matt's penis a squeeze.
"Yeah, we're a team. What he wants, I want to."
"Oh, really, " Susan arched an eyebrow. She climbed more fully onto the bed and straddled his legs. With one hand she pulled aside her panties and lowered her slit within striking distance of his cock.
"And what does he, er, I mean you, want right now?" She pulled his penis towards her and ran the head through her bush.
"I think...I mean he thinks...he should blow a load inside you right now."
Susan worked the head down into her slit. "Mmmm, I dunno...."
Matt was breathing more heavily. "We should send you off with a good hard rooting. You'll be away nearly three days, you know!"
"Yes, poor me," Susan sighed. She ran the tip over and around her clit and felt her need begin to grow deep within her sex. "Poor lonely old me. All on my own in a foreign city. Whatever shall I do?"
Matt sat back. His balls had tensed up and he could feel his cock throb against the constraints of her hand.
"Yes, perhaps I do need a nice send-off from my husband." She pointed him further down and teased him around her entrance. It was slick with juices flowing freely from both of them. "Besides, when you have your visitors tomorrow night - we wouldn't want you to go off half-cocked, now would we?"
As Susan said the word "cocked", she grasped him tightly and thrust him inside her. They both gasped in pleasure. Soon she was completely impaled upon him and he was grasping her waist, bucking his pelvis upwards, driving his pole as deeply inside her as he could.
Later, as his spent cock slipped from her, a full load of creamy white cum leaking with it, Matt uttered dozily, "You're such a sexy fuck."
Susan looked down and kissed him gently on the forehead. "So are you," she whispered, and went to clean herself up.
**************************************************
During the registration and then later through the afternoon talks, Susan found herself checking out the other delegates for potential interest. There were not many men present but she didn't really care about that. In her heart she was mostly checking out other women. And she could hardly believe that she was doing it, but it felt all naughty and sent occasional tingles through her body.
There were definitely several very attractive women at the conference. The problem was, she realised, how to tell if they were that way inclined at all. One certainly can't reliably tell another's gender sexual preference just by looks. One thing she could control however, was her own availability. Looking around the room, she was pleased to note that she had dressed more provocatively than pretty much anyone else. She surreptitiously slipped off her wedding ring and put it away in her handbag. She decided it could stay there for the duration of the conference.
Her dinner table didn't seem to offer much scope for excitement. There were two guys who seemed more interested in talking football than engaging with anyone else at the table. The conversation amongst the women was a predictable mix of work, husbands and children. Mostly the latter.
During the after dinner drinks session though, Susan managed to find herself chatting to a teacher of her own age and a young attractive presenter. Her name was Amy, and Susan had admired her whilst she was on the stage. And not just for her looks. Her research topic had been very engaging, and the conversation now was just as lively.
Soon the other teacher made an excuse for an early night. Susan and Amy took their drinks to some armchairs away from the bar that was a little more quiet. They made some polite conversation for a while.
"Was it easy to get a few days off?" Amy enquired. "You're not married I see," and she nodded towards Susan's left hand.
Susan looked her calmly in the eye. "Not for this week I'm not".
It was silly, she thought, but her heartbeat accelerated just saying that. Amy smiled and her green eyes twinkled with mischief. "Oh, I see!" She scanned the room. "Not a lot of men to choose from though."
Whether it was the alcohol or not, Susan felt remarkably bold, replying "Why limit yourself in that way?"
Amy sat back in her chair and regarded Susan carefully now, the smile still playing on her lips. Susan's mouth went dry. Amy certainly didn't seem shocked by the suggestion. In fact she seemed rather pleased even. Blood pounded in Susan's ears as the seconds ticked by whilst Amy seemed to be sizing her up. Part of her couldn't believe what she had just implied. More than that, did she even dare to hope for an actual positive response? She tried to swallow, her heart rising in anticipation. Surely if Amy wasn't interested at all she would would have make that quite clear immediately.
At last Amy leaned forward in her chair. She came closer and closer. Susan thought for a moment she might being coming in to kiss her. She tried to stay calm. But Amy tilted her head to one side in order to whisper into Susan's ear.
"My room. Half and hour. On the dot. Room 540."
Suddenly Amy was standing. "Don't be late," she said, her tone commanding, the smile now totally absent. Then she twirled on her heels and was gone.
Susan was left stunned. She couldn't believe her luck. Her heart was hammering - hoping that this was indeed what she hoped it was. Now that an opportunity to be with another woman was possibly presenting herself, she was filled with excitement, but a few doubts niggled away at still.
Was this really her? Was this what she really wanted? It was hard to throw off several decades of heterosexuality without a few second thoughts it seemed. That small part of her mind wanted to back out, to not even show up at Amy's room. But how could she face Amy again at the conference for the next 2 days? What would she say to her? What excuse could she give? And more importantly, what real excuse could she give to herself for not following through with something she so clearly had been wanting for a while now?
Her mind reached back and began to re-live some of those delicious few hours with Jinx and Clara. Susan realised that she desperately wanted to experience something like that again. And soon! Her pussy was dripping with anticipation. She decided that she would definitely take a few chances in order to satisfy the desires pent up inside her.
Susan's lips were dry, her throat parched. She ordered another drink to help steel her resolve. She nervously downed it pretty short order. She checked her watch. 10 minutes had past. Her cunt was sopping just thinking about the possibilities awaiting her. She wondered whether to visit the loo for a quick clean-up or whether perhaps to turn up as she was - all wet and juicy. She wondered that if she did go to the toilet whether or not she would be able to keep her hands off her clit.
Her phone beeped with a message. Startled, her thoughts suddenly turned to Matt. He was probably checking in with her. But looking down, Susan realised it was from an unknown number. The message simply read:
3 knocks. Wear something appropriate.
And with that, all thoughts of Matt were banished as she fled back to her hotel room to change...
**************************************************
One other thing that the trip to France had done, and that was to ignite in Matt a greater interest in cooking. And that wasn't just because of the phenomenal kitchen sex he had shared with Clara!
Vanessa and Dave had initially invited Matt over to their place, but with Susan now away Matt re-arranged things so that they were coming to him for a dinner engagement. Mostly this was because Matt thought that being the host meant he was possibly better able to dictate the terms of what went on. He had recently bought a couple of "adult" games that he thought might help set the mood after dinner for some naughtiness.
He had had to hurry home from work in order to get the dinner ready, prepare the bedroom, and quickly look through the instructions of the sexy games he had bought. The doorbell rang at 10 past 7, just as he was putting the herb bread in the oven.
Vanessa looked striking with a low-cut blue dress with a hemline that left a lot of leg showing. She was wearing her long brown hair down, something Matt had rarely seen her do before. Clutching a small white handbag, she stood on the doorstep with Dave wrapping a protective (or encouraging?) arm around her.
"Sorry we're a bit late," she blurted as Matt opened the door. They both seemed a little nervous. Dave was a smallish guy - smaller than Vanessa anyway. He seemed attractive enough; thin but not muscly, he had the look of a cyclist or an athlete about him. He wore casual pants with an open collared shirt.
"No, you're not. You're right on time." Matt stood aside and welcomed them in.
"Matt, this is Dave," Vanessa said. Dave released his hold on his wife to shake Matt's hand.
"Good to meet you at last. I've heard a lot about you."
"All good I hope?" He laughed but there was a hint of unease in his question.
"Absolutely!" Matt reassured him.
They moved a bit further into the entrance hall. "We are a bit late," Vanessa said again. "The traffic was terrible."
"It's fine. What? Maybe 10 minutes? That's nothing. Besides," he said steering them into the lounge area, "The entree isn't quite ready yet. Take a seat." He gestured to the three couches that each faced a low coffee table. "Can I offer you a drink? Beer? Wine? Water?"
Dave chose a beer, whilst Vanessa took a glass of Chardonnay. Matt felt more like wine, but decided to join Dave in a beer.
"Hey, "Little Creatures" - nice choice!" Dave nodded approvingly as Matt brought the drinks in.
"I've only got Bright Ale, I'm afraid."
"Fine by me."
Soon Matt had both Dave and Vanessa chatting away happily, all nerves for the moment suppressed. At the dinner table, he had seated the husband and wife on one side, while he sat opposite. The talk at dinner was mostly about shared projects that Matt and Vanessa had worked together on, but Dave kept up with the conversation and wasn't left out at all.
To any observer it appeared a normal gathering of friends over dinner, though with a few odd touches.
During the main course, with everyone now drinking wine, Matt came around to their side of the table to refill their glasses. As he filled Dave's glass, and with attention on the wine being poured, Matt draped his other hand loosely over Vanessa's exposed shoulders. He ran his fingers gently over her skin in a very familiar manner as Dave was distracted.
As he returned to his seat, he noticed Vanessa blushing. He slipped a foot out of one shoe and then reached surreptitiously under the table to find one of Vanessa's legs. He kept up the conversation as if nothing out of the ordinary were happening, but he ran his foot up and down Vanessa's calf as he did.
He noticed her glance across at her husband and then back to him. Dave hadn't noticed anything at all and was now giving a long spiel about the latest series of Game of Thrones. Matt seemed an attentive listener but other things were on his mind as his foot climbed higher and higher up Vanessa's leg. As he reached her thigh, she opened her legs more, granting him better access. Encouraged, his toes wriggled ever upwards and were soon nestling on the fabric of Vanessa's panties.
As he curled his toes about, Matt could feel the outline of her pussy lips. He couldn't tell if she was shaven or not. He hoped to find out for sure soon enough!
Matt backed off after a quick exploration. His aim was just to tantalise and tease. He felt confident now that Vanessa had welcomed his initial advances.
Throughout dessert, half of Matt's mind was on what game to play after dinner. A quarter of his mind was on following the conversation, and the other quarter on Vanessa's actions. She was trying to emulate him by running her toes up his leg. She wasn't quite as tall as him, so her feet didn't make it to his groin without a stretch which she decided not to do at this point.
Matt led them back into the lounge for tea and coffee. As he brought the beverages out, they all were aware of a subtle shift in mood. As one hunger was filled, another rose in its place. Soft music played and Matt turned the lights down.
Before Matt could suggest a game however, it was Dave who abruptly brought up the subject everyone had thus far avoided.
"So, Matt, Vanessa tells me you and Susan are quite the adventurers. And I don't just mean travel..." He let the innuendo hang.
Matt grinned, welcoming the opening. "Yeah - I guess so. Though 2 years ago I wouldn't have thought either of us were capable," he said with a chuckle.
"So what, er, opened you to such...possibilities?" Dave inquired.
Matt pondered for a moment. "Well, speaking for myself only, I always imagined myself as the faithful monogamous spouse. Until the day I saw my previously faithful monogamous wife sucking off a big black Frenchman with cock like a bull. And then fucking him crazy."
Matt was deliberately provocative with his choice of words, and they seemed to charge up the atmosphere with sexual energy. Both Dave and Vanessa were leaning forward in their chairs. Three coffees sat forgotten on the coffee table.
It was Vanessa who spoke next. "And you didn't....get angry with her?"
Matt smiled. "It was the most fucking sexy thing I've ever seen. I felt a little betrayed, but mostly I couldn't help but be aroused. I thought my dick would burst it was that hard with excitement." He shrugged. "It's pretty hard to argue against the evidence of your own anatomy!"
Dave looked like he was about to comment, but then closed his mouth again. Matt gave a little laugh. "Of course having the guy's wife blow me may have clouded my judgment in the matter!"
They all laughed.
"But seriously," Matt continued. "I thought maybe I was a bit weird to get so turned on seeing Susan with another guy, but I've since read a lot of stories and posts. Seems like it's a turn on for a lot of guys."
He turned towards Dave. "What do you think, Dave? Weird or not?"
Dave nodded slowly. "No, no. I think I know exactly how you felt."
A silence settled on the room in which each person was aware of the throbbing of their own pulses. Matt looked across directly to Dave.Now for it,he thought. "So what's your fantasy then, Dave? I assume you have at least one?"
Dave said nothing for a moment, but his eyes flicked over to Vanessa. She sat quietly, eyes shining, hanging on how this would all turn out. Matt prodded some more. "Is it to see her with someone else? Do you ever dream of seeing her being taken by someone? Or her pleasuring someone else?"
Without taking his eyes off his beautiful wife he nodded, and a husky "yes" was almost drawn from his lips. Vanessa smiled encouragingly at him. Matt felt excited. He turned to Vanessa. "What about you? What's your fantasy?"
Her eyes flicked briefly to Matt, but then back to Dave. She said slowly and deliberately. "I want him to watch me. I want him to watch me take someone else. But I want to play with him at the same time. I want 2 cocks. I want one at each end."
She turned to face Matt. "I want to be spit-roasted."
Matt looked from one to the other. Seems like he wasn't going to need those naughty warm-up games after all.
"Shall we get to it then?" No-one moved for a moment, so Matt took charge more firmly. Turning to Vanessa he asked, "Is he hard already?" She reached over and felt his cock. Her hand then found his. "Yes."
"Come over here," he ordered her.
Vanessa squeezed Dave's hand, and he squeezed it back. "I love you," he said.
She came over to join Matt on his couch. She was trembling slightly but her eyes blazed with a dreamy desire. Matt moved closer. His left hand gently rested on her leg as he brought his head in close to hers. Then their lips melded. Once, twice, their lips met and parted briefly, then they met together for longer passionate kiss.
Matt inhaled her perfume, but his focus was almost entirely on the soft wet warmth of Vanessa's mouth. For a minute there was nothing else but that tender union of lips. Matt had pulled himself off several times in the past week with thoughts of raw savage sex with this beautiful woman, but this moment was more sweet and tender than he had imagined. His right hand moved to the side of her face, caressing her soft skin. She opened his mouth to him then, and he tongued her lips, her tongue, her teeth. As he backed off he felt her tongue come and invade his mouth and his hand went to the back of her neck, pulling her face further into his own.
Gradually though, the straining feeling in his pants intruded on his mind. He wanted more, and he knew she was ready too. He ran his left hand up her side. He came into contact with the side of her breast as he ran his hand up to her neck. As it roamed around her shoulder, he grasped the strap of her dress on that side and pulled it down her arm. He did the same with the strap on the other side. Matt opened his eyes and looked over her shoulder to the couch. Dave wasn't there!
He broke reluctantly from the kiss and swivelled his head around. Dave had just moved to another couch, one more side on to Vanessa and Matt. One which gave him a better view of the action.
Vanessa was panting slightly. Her dress had slipped down almost to her waist. A purple lacy bra still covered her breasts. Her hand slipped down to Matt's crotch. He felt it rub over the bulge that was there. Her fingers massaged and caressed, and a hungry look was in her eyes.
Dave couldn't keep his eyes off the action. Matt tried to gauge his reaction. He looked happy enough. Matt wondered how far to involve him. Perhaps just a little at this stage, he thought.
"Dave, come over and take off her bra."
This would give him an opportunity to join in from the get-go, or basically do whatever he was comfortable with. He came over and went behind his wife. They could both see the erection he was sporting. He seemed to take forever getting the clasp undone, but finally the straps went loose. Vanessa wriggled her arms and took off the bra, handing it to her husband. He retreated back to his seat with it.
Fair enough,Matt thought.I gave you a chance, mate.
Vanessa's breasts were on the smaller side of average. There were some clear tan lines, so that fact obviously didn't stop her from getting out in a bikini. Her areolae were a light pink color and were also quite small. But her nipples were mesmerizing. Large by an standard, they simply dominated her breasts. Matt stared at them and without thinking both his hands shot out to feel them. They were hard already but he felt them tighten further as his fingers twirled around them. He ran them between his thumb and fingers, then gently pulled on them, making them even more prominent.
He was about to take one in his mouth, when Vanessa reached down with both hands and began fumbling with his belt. He felt pleased that she was taking some initiative, so he backed off and let her take charge for the moment. She got the buckle free and unzipped his pants. Reaching to both sides of his waist, she pulled at his underwear. It moved a little but not enough to free his cock.
Looking down he could see a fairly large patch of pre-cum that had seeped through them. Vanessa smiled and reached for his dick with one hand. She rubbed her thumb over the wet patch which corresponded directly with its head. Around and around she twirled her thumb. Matt couldn't help but lean back and enjoy the feeling.
Dave was sitting forward on his seat, a rapt expression on his face. Vanessa turned to him. "Shall I take it out?"
It seemed like she was trying to involve him a bit too. He made no reply, but it was clear he was finding the situation extremely arousing. Vanessa turned back to Matt and smiled coyly. "I didn't hear a "no"," she said.
Her hands pulled back the elastic band of his jocks and brought forth Mat's penis. The head glistened and for a moment it stood pointing upwards, pulsing gently. Veins stood out along the shaft as it extended to it's full proportion.
Vanessa's hands ran lightly over the surface. "Mmmmmm," she sighed aloud, either for her own benefit or for Dave's. "Ooh, that feels sooooo nice." She slowly pumped him up and down. Matt felt he couldn't agree more. "So hard. So warm," she purred. "So wet!" She smiled and again rubbed her thumb over the tip - this time spreading the liquid directly over his skin. More liquid seeped forth from the opening in response.
Matt couldn't believe how sexy this was. His erect cock was being pumped by a semi-naked woman he had been drooling over for the past few months - all while her husband sat a few feet away. Despite having fucked Susan the night before, he felt that he was in real danger of coming quite soon - and he didn't want to do that quite just yet.
He pulled her hands reluctantly from his raging hard-on and placed them on the top button of his shirt. She smiled, not seeming to mind this change of tack. She began unbuttoning her way down his shirt. Once the top few buttons were loose, she continued with one hand whilst the other began to roam around his exposed chest. His pec muscles had certainly put on a lot more definition since working-out, and Vanessa made an appreciative moan as she ran her hand over his muscles and through the small patch of soft downy hair in the middle of his chest.
Once completely open, Matt shrugged free of the shirt and tossed it onto the floor. Once again Vanessa's bulging nipples beckoned him and he couldn't resist any more. He turned to Dave who was staring at the action with rapt fascination.
"Hey, come over and show me how she likes her nipples sucked."
This time Dave had no hesitation. He came over and knelt before his wife. She placed her hands on top of his head. His mouth homed in on her right breast, opening wide to encompass as much of it as possible. Vanessa threw her head back and sighed loudly. Her hands continued to press his head against her bosom.
Matt didn't wait to watch any further but dove in to tackle her left breast. It wasn't as full as Susan's or Clara's, and he could suckle a good proportion of it into his mouth. He massaged her nipple with the flat of his tongue and he felt a hand on his own head too. Just one, so she probably had one hand on each of them. It felt slightly strange to him to be in such close vicinity to another guy's face and mouth. He didn't care particularly - it didn't really distract him too much from the pleasure to hand, but he hoped it wouldn't put Dave off either. As much as he desired spending more time with Vanessa's nipples, as long as things remained comfortable between the three of them he had all night to enjoy them.
He decided to pull away, but Dave continued to suck and lick Vanessa's breast. He even took the nipple between his teeth causing her to gasp aloud. Matt thought it time to take things further. He sat back a little and moved both of Vanessa's legs onto his lap. She responded by lying back down more on the couch. Dave kept on at her right breast, his hands now massaging the other one.
With eager fingers Matt undid Vanessa's shoes and slipped them off her feet. He rubbed them briefly but he was more interested in other things. His hands travelled up the outsides of both legs, reaching up under her dress until he found her panties. She felt his hands there and knew what he wanted . She lifted her bottom for a moment allowing Matt to slide them down and off in one fell swoop.
His hands reached again for her waist, this time bunching up her dress. This too was slid down her legs and laid in a crumpled pile on the floor. Matt parted her legs and moved in between them. Vanessa's bush was even darker than her head. Whilst she trimmed her bikini line, it seemed she didn't particularly shave as there was quite a tangle of coarse dark hair above her pubic region.
Susan had recently taken to shaving herself or leaving a very short landing strip, so Matt was a little surprised. He wasn't put off in the slightest - in fact it accentuated how different she was and made him all the more eager to explore her further.
He reached out a hand and ran his fingers through her pubes. Backwards and forwards he ran them, sometimes with fingers flat, sometimes almost scratching with his nails. Then Matt pressed the palm of his hand down over her labia, fingers curling up and down through her hair whilst applying pressure to her lips and clit.
Vanessa began to moan. Dave had turned his head so he could see some of the action whilst still suckling his wife. With libido near bursting point, Matt forced Vanessa legs apart further and lowered his head. Her cunt lips opened before him and he saw the glistening of her arousal. He avoided her pink opening and dove straight for her clit. Opening his mouth he laid the flat of his tongue right on top of it. He pressed down firmly and then gave it a little lick with the tip of his tongue, then returned to just pressure.
Vanessa arched her back and tried to squeeze her legs shut but Matt held them open. He tickled her clit again with the tip of his tongue and Vanessa moaned even more loudly. Dave had removed his mouth from her tits but had both nipples between his fingers.
Matt began licking her slit rhythmically. Vanessa's hips were bucking making things a bit more difficult. He tasted her salty juices eagerly, swallowing and licking and ever increasing the tempo. Vanessa got louder and louder. She looked at her husband wildly. "Get your gear off you fucker!"
Dave quickly stood and shed his clothes as quickly as possible - shoes, socks, pants. The moment his underwear hit the floor Vanessa was reaching for him, grabbing the base of his cock and pulling him close. She turned her head and took him deeply into her mouth.
Matt increased his licking until he was lapping as fast as he could. Vanessa was moaning around Dave's dick. She was slurping and sucking and pumping frantically. Matt could tell she was getting close. His tongue was beginning to ache but he didn't dare slow done. He reached up with his hands to pull hard on her nipples but before he quite reached them, Dave's dick popped from her mouth. Still holding him by the base, she screamed "Ah, ah, ah, ah....YES! OH - YES!!"
Finding her nipples Matt pinched hard. He kept the tonguing going as she bucked and heaved on the couch, her legs clamping around his ears.
Eventually the pressure on his head released and her panting became more ordered. Her body was trembling. "Oh God, oh fuck! Oh FUCK!" she panted, and laughed out loud for sheer pleasure. "Oh my God - that was good!" she exclaimed.
Dave smiled. Matt did too. "Let's take this to the bedroom, shall we?" he said.
**************************************************
Susan paused before Room 540. She was exactly on time. She felt as if she was a bundle of nervous energy. The sexual hunger inside her was so unexpectedly strong it almost frightened her. She felt a tiny bit afraid that she might be unleashing something inside her that she may not be able to fully tame. She felt slightly out of control, and yet she welcomed the thrill, and joyfully embraced her desires in way she never could a couple of years ago.
She reached out and knocked three times.
The door opened almost immediately. Amy was dressed in a scarlet lace bra, panties made of some see-through mesh, stockings and high heeled black leather boots. She was holding a riding crop. Susan briefly thought that if Amy were going for the dominatrix look, she'd pretty much nailed it.
Amy stood slightly to one side to allow Susan to come in. She passed a bathroom that opened on her left and then the room opened out to a large bed, full-length windows opposite her, and a generous space between the end of the bed and a TV and desk against the right-hand wall.
Susan stopped a little way into the room. No-one had spoken, yet the room buzzed with sexual tension. Somehow Susan felt it was up to Amy to take the lead. Amy walked around in front of her, her eyes going up and down her body, appraising her.
"So you came," she said. "I thought you would." Amy lifted the riding crop and ran it down from the top of her head, then down her neck, shoulder and arm. Susan's skin tingled where it touched her. She brought it up across her stomach and circled each breast with its tip.
Amy walked behind her again whilst Susan remained rooted to the spot. "Yes, you'll do nicely indeed." Susan felt the tip of the crop drop down along her spine. With a quick flick of the wrist the crop lightly thwacked one of her butt cheeks, then immediately rubbed the area gently. Susan began to wonder just what she'd let herself in for.
She felt Amy step in close behind her and her mouth was at her ear. "I'm going to call you 'Slut' tonight, because that's what you are, aren't you? A Slut." Amy stepped back around the front to face her. "You may not think of yourself as a slut - but the truth is you came to this conference to pick up, didn't you? Guy, girl, it didn't matter, did it? Anyone who was willing to crawl between your legs." She placed the tip of the crop between Susan's calves and ran it up the inside of her right leg slowly. "And look at you now. You've just come up to the room of a complete stranger...ready to FUCK!" She spat the last word out almost viciously, and at the same time brought the crop up forcefully between her legs, bunching up her dress as it went.
Amy stepped a little closer. "Let's see how much you want it, shall we? Let's see how desperate you are, Slut?" She stepped back again and looked at Susan wickedly. "Give me your panties. If you're actually wearing any that is."
Susan's mind was in a whirl. She never in a million years expected this. She had thought they would chat politely, then progress to kissing, then slowly undress each other. And then the fun could begin. Or perhaps the polite chatting could be dispensed with. But this? She felt as if she'd stumbled onto the set of some kinky bondage film. Not really knowing what she thought about it all, it was easiest to just go with the flow. To relinquish control to this dominating woman and just do as she said. Not knowing what else to do, Susan meekly reached up under her dress and pulled down her underwear. She handed them over to Amy. She felt slightly humiliated as she did so for they felt wet in her hands. Drenched with anticipation.
Amy felt it too and laughed. "Yes, you'll do very well indeed, Slut!" She stood back, arms crossed and surveyed her again. "You will call me Miss Amy tonight. I expect to be obeyed without question. Without hesitation. Do you understand?"
Susan nodded. She still hadn't said a word since entering Room 540.
Amy inclined her head toward the window with its curtains fully drawn back. "Go over there and undress for me," Amy instructed. Susan had never experienced such sexual domination before. Her husband was always so polite and accommodating - never once speaking to her in such tones of command. Part of her mind rebelled at the thought of submitting, but she found herself moving involuntarily over to the window.
There were other tall buildings opposite. Susan realised she was likely in full view of people down below and in the buildings across the street. She was able to see into many other windows across from her, and assumed she could be seen by them too.
First the first time Susan spoke up. "Can I just close the curtains first?"
"Oh no, little Slut. You've got such a delectable body, and you obviously want to share it with others like me. Why not the rest of the world?" she said with a sweep of her arm.
Susan stood still for a moment feeling a bit defiant. Partly she was reluctant to undress so publicly, but mostly she was wondering about whether to test out the boundaries of the obedience/subservience thing. Amy pounced on her reluctance immediately. "You question my orders?" she challenged. Susan noticed the use of the word "order" rather than "request". "Fine," Amy said, shrugging. "You don't want to? Ok. Go and find someone else to fuck then." She threw Susan's undies back at her.
Susan was rocked by a sudden panic. She desperately wanted to have sex with this gorgeous woman. She just wasn't sure of the ground she was treading. "No, no, it's ok. I'll do it." She dropped her knickers on the floor and shimmied out of her dress, keeping her back to the window the whole time. She released her bra too and threw it on the pile of her clothing and stood there naked.
"Now turn around," Amy instructed. "Put your hands up high and place them on the glass. That's right. Now stay there for a minute."
Susan felt exposed and slightly humiliated. She wanted to close her eyes but couldn't help scanning around to see if she had been noticed by anyone.
There was a roof-top bar on top of a three story building diagonally across from the hotel. Being a Friday night it was quite full of people already. Most were engaged in conversation standing around or sitting around upright wine barrels.
There was movement in the room behind her and Susan heard the click of a suitcase lock. She turned around to see Amy had opened a suitcase on the large king-sized bed. "I never travel anywhere without my toys," she said, not looking at Susan. "But even so, I didn't come along as well-prepared as I should have liked. I had to pop out for supplies just before you arrived."
Susan craned her neck to see what Amy was doing. She was emptying a lurid pink plastic bag into the case. "What have you got?" Susan asked.
"All in good time my eager Slut, all in good time. Now eyes front!"
She walked back to stand behind Susan as the naked woman turned to the glass again. To her mortification, several guys that made up one group seemed to be staring in her direction. They began pointing and talking animatedly. Susan, embarrassed and aroused in equal measure, shivered uncontrollably. Amy pressed right up behind her, her hands running up and down her sides. She stood back a bit and Susan felt the riding crop again lightly run down her back and slap her ass cheeks.
"I want to tease you, Slut," Amy said calmly and sweetly. "I know you're probably desperate to cum, but I haven't made up my mind yet whether to let you or not."
Susan's heart churned into a knot. Despite the awkwardness of her situation, she had not lost one ounce of her sexual desire. If Amy only intended to tease her all night - well, Susan wasn't sure she could cope with that.
Amy moved the crop down her butt and in between her legs, forcing them apart and then moved it up and down the insides of her legs. Stepping to one side, she ran it lightly over her stomach and breasts too, jiggling each of her nipples with the tip.
Susan glanced down at the roof-top bar again. At least 10 guys and maybe half-a-dozen women seemed to be staring in rapt fascination right at her. Unless there happened to be something amazing happening in the next room, Susan could only assume that she and Amy were the subject of their attention.
Amy noticed her glance and became aware of their audience too. A smile spread over her face. "Oh, I see," she purred. She threw the riding crop to the floor and stepped up close behind Susan pressing her body hard against the glass windows. She had to turn her face sideways and she felt the coolness of glass press against her cheek as well as her breasts and thighs.
"Keep your arms up high, Slut," Amy spoke into her ear. One hand snaked around her, wriggling between Susan's waist and the window, and fingers sought out her pussy. First one finger, then another, dipped into her slit and past her clit. Susan shuddered and moaned with pleasure.
Amy's fingers began a light dance backwards and forwards over Susan's clit, scooping up copious juices as they went. "I've changed my mind, Slut. Maybe I will let you come after all. Come in front of all those onlookers down there. That's what you want isn't it?" Susan began to pant with excitement and Amy began to speed up her finger movements even more.
"Spread your legs, Slut." Susan did as she was told.
"Further," Amy demanded. Susan spread herself as wide as she could. Her face was twisted in the right direction to see the bar, and it seemed as if half of its occupants were now gazing up at her, talking excitedly and pointing. Some even had their phones out taking pictures.
"You really are a Slut, aren't you?"
"Yes," Susan barely forced the word out in between little moans.
"Yes, who?" Amy demanded, pinching one of her nipples.
"Yes, Miss Amy."
"You're going to come soon, aren't you, Slut?"
"Yes....yes...Miss...Amy..."
Amy pressed her body harder into Susan's back and strummed faster up and down her snatch. "Don't you DARE come until I tell you to," Amy said fiercely. "Do you understand me?"
Susan tried to nod her head. She managed to mutter "Mmmm," but her orgasm was closing in fast. She was totally under Amy's spell, wanting to obey her commands without question. She struggled to force a lid on her rising climax, but Amy's fingers were relentless and she kept up a running commentary in Susan's ear.
"What a slut you are! You come in here with a dripping cunt. You strip yourself in a stranger's hotel room. You expose your slutiness to the world. You'd let anyone fuck you right now, wouldn't you?"
Susan didn't want to reply. She was trying to keep Amy's talk out in order to keep the dam from bursting. But she was ever so close. And she wanted it like nothing else - and the more she tried not to think about it, the more she actually was thinking about it.
Susan moaned and panted, her body quivering, and a mist formed on the glass near her mouth. Her whole body trembled as she got closer to the point of no return. It helped slightly that her legs were spread, as she often came easier with her legs tightly together. Nevertheless Susan didn't think she could hold on much longer due to the expert fingering she was receiving.
Amy felt Susan's body tense. "Not yet!," she demanded, almost savagely. "You'll come when I tell you and not before!"
Susan was panting hard and her fingers, previously flat against the window now curled and uncurled over and over with the tension. Amy's fingers alternated slightly above her clit and then slightly below it, keeping her running along the edge. Susan was gasping now, her mind begging and screaming for release. She couldn't bear it. She was going over; she was going to have to come.
"Please," she whimpered. "Please..."
Amy relented. "Come, slut. Come for your audience. Now!" As she was saying this, her fingers moved directly onto Susan's clit and she pressed her hard into the window from behind.
Susan's mind exploded with ecstasy. Her pelvis squashed Amy's arm between the glass and her body, but somehow Amy slipped a finger inside her pussy anyway, putting pressure on her G-spot from within whilst pressing her palm down on it from the outside. Susan bucked helplessly, trapped between Amy and the window. Spasm after spasm racked her body. She was helpless in its orgasmic throes. Somewhere, close by, someone was yelling and calling out obscenities. She was oblivious to the fact that it was actually herself.
Gradually some awareness of her surroundings came seeping back. Amy backed away a little and removed her fingers and hand from Susan's cunt. Susan remained pressed up against the window gasping. Her legs had cramped a bit. She struggled a little to bring them together and still had to put a lot of her weight onto her forearms and hands.
Amy licked her fingers. "Very good, Slut. You did well."
Susan's ragged breathing began to slow but her cheeks remained ruddy. She pressed herself back a little. As she did so, she happened to look down. She had forgotten the crowd across the street over the past minute or so. The whole crowd were on their feet applauding. Susan cheeks turned a deeper red.
"Thank your audience, Slut, and then come to me."
Susan blew a kiss to the crowd, who seemed to cheer in response, then she turned her back on them.
"Sit," Amy commanded, pointing to a nearby single padded armchair. They could no longer be seen from the bar, but there was still a danger from other taller buildings opposite. Susan went and sat, waiting expectantly. Somewhere during proceedings Amy had shed her bra. She remained in high-heel boots, fish-nets and panties.
She came in close then leaned down towards Susan, her breasts jangling in front of Susan's face. "You're very eager to please, Slut." She caressed the side of Susan's face, curling some stray locks of hair behind her ear. "I like that."
Susan reflected on the other woman's comments. She had slipped into the submissive role all too easily. Was there something anti-feminist in that? Susan decided she really didn't give a fuck right now. If playing the obedient sex-thing got her the kind of orgasm she had just had, well she was sold completely. Amy seemed totally comfortable and in control of the situation, and Susan was more than happy to be led wherever Amy would take her.
Amy placed her mouth near Susan's ear. "Play with my tits as I speak to you, Slut. I know you'd like that."
Susan reached her hands up. Amy's body was too close for her to see them, but she found them easily enough. She grabbed hold with one hand each, milking them gently like udders.
"That made me very excited to see you come like that," Amy whispered. "Does hubby make you come like that at home? I bet he doesn't. There's nothing better than a woman's touch, is there? But now I'm all wet. I need someone to clean me up. Have you sucked a woman before, Slut? Because you're going to now!"
She suddenly straightened up but then put a knee on each of the armrests of the seat Susan was sitting on. She put all her weight on her knees, hoisting her body to tower over Susan, but bringing her crotch level with the trembling woman's face.
"Rip off my underwear," Amy demanded. Susan grabbed a hold of the narrowest part of Amy's panties and pulled hard. The fabric ripped asunder and Susan tossed them to the floor.
"Lick me clean, Slut."
Susan was only too happy to oblige. Amy's public region was bare - so smooth it felt recently shaven. Maybe even in the past hour or so. Susan's fingers moved over Amy's puffy mons toward her labia. The labial lips looked sensuous and inviting. Susan placed a thumb on each side and parted them. Amy wasn't exaggerating. Liquid gleamed along the length of her snatch.
Susan traced the outline of Amy's pussy with her tongue before lapping the juices she could see and feel. Licking upwards she felt the clitoral hood with the tip of her tongue and gave it a few flicks before descending again. She lapped lovingly around the opening to Amy's cunt, tasting her, teasing her. Susan had the thought to try to penetrate her with her tongue. Stiffening it as much as she could, she parted the opening and pushed in amongst the warm wet depths. She wasn't able to push very far, but it did bring her nose into close proximity with Amy's clit. Susan wriggled her head about, hoping it would translate into a nice sensation for the woman kneeling above her.
She was rewarded with a moan from Amy. Susan felt the woman thrust her pelvis into her face. It was difficult to keep her tongue stiff enough for good penetration, so Susan went back to long licks up and down, savoring the warmth, the smell, the wetness of Amy's sex.
After a while, Amy hopped off the chair and went over to the side of the bed. She opened the brown suitcase again. Susan's eyes bulged as she saw the contents. The case was brimming with all sorts of sex toys and appliances. Clearly Amy was right into this kind of kinky sex all the time!
Amy pulled out the longest dildo Susan had ever seen, a wicked smile curling around her lips. "So, what have you tried before my little Slut? And what haven't you tried?" She ran one hand slowly up and down its enormous length. "A nice conservative housewife who just happens to like lesbian sex? And quite an exhibitionist too it would seem." She pulled out some padded handcuffs. "And even a penchant for public humiliation perhaps?" She dropped the cuffs back into the case and rummaged around a bit. "Let's see what your limits are. Because I mean to stretch you, Slut. And you will love it. You'll be addicted to me before this night is through."
Amy turned from the suitcase to look at Susan who sat naked in the armchair. "Have you done dildos?"
"Yes."
"Of course you have. Vibrators?"
"Yes."
"Ben Wa Balls?"
Susan paused. "What are they?
"Anal?"
"No."
"Hmmm. Fisting?"
"What's that?"
Amy smirked. "We're going to have such a great night, Slut!" She turned her back on Susan and climbed provocatively onto the bed, a king size one Susan noted. Amy deliberately went first on all fours, giving Susan a clear view of her anus and pussy. Then she turned over and lay on her back and spread her legs wide.
"Pick up the pink vibrating dildo on top and bring it here," she commanded. Susan went to the case and saw a hot pink device with long thick curved silicone shaft and a bulbous protuberance near the base.
As she brought it over to the side of the bed Amy opened her legs wide. Her pussy gleamed invitingly. "I think you've had more of the fun than me so far. Time to even the score I think."
Susan knew what she was asking. She pressed the button near the base and felt it buzz into life, pulsations radiating into her palm. She positioned herself near Amy's legs. She ran the shaft up and down through Amy's labial lips, just like her husband liked to do with his own cock. Pressing the tip inside her, Amy moaned with pleasure. She withdrew the dildo then pressed it in again, this time a little further, just like Matt loved doing at times with her own cunt. Slowly she gathered more of Amy's juices onto the thick smooth phallus and inserted it ever further. The protuberance below was vibrating gently, and it got closer and closer to Amy's clit.
Finally, with a quick thrust Susan pushed it all the way in, thus bringing the vibration into contact was Amy's sex. She arched her back in pleasure and Susan watched her as she began contracting her pelvic muscles and rocking her hips.
Susan kept the pressure up in order to maintain the connection between the toy and Amy's clit. Amy soon began groaning with pleasure, her hands clenching fistfuls of bedsheets as the sensations coursed through her body. Susan turned up the speed and pressed even more firmly. Amy became even more vocal.
She's close to orgasm already,Susan thought.
She reached out her other hands and let her fingers run over her clean pubic area and pressed down from above. She could feel the strong vibrations from there, but clearly Amy was feeling then even more. She gasped and clutched spasmodically at the bed, crying "Yes, yes!". A strangled squeal broke from her lips that went higher and higher until, with a loud gasp, she came.
Susan rode the waves of Amy's orgasm, watching the other woman's face, ready for that moment when direct clitoral stimulation becomes too much. When she judged the time was right she turned the machine off.
She sat back, satisfied, then decided to play up the whole kinky sex angle some more. She pulled the sex aid from Amy's dripping cunt, and it was all smeared with her juices. Susan looked Amy in the eye and then licked the juices off it and playfully moaned as she did.
Amy seemed to approve. "Good little Slut. You love a woman's juices don't you?" She nodded to the toy in Susan's hand. "This one's my favorite of all. I'll let you try it too for that."
She pushed Susan roughly backwards until she now lay on the bed with Amy hovering above her. Amy spread Susan's legs slowly apart and pressed her legs up so she was forced to bend her knees. Amy moved in close between Susan's inviting open thighs. She lowered her head, bringing her face down close to Susan's snatch.
Susan felt her arousal begin to build again. Amy brought her head even closer. "What a beautiful pussy! No wonder you like to use it so much, Slut! It looks delicious." She blew gently over Susan's labia. Susan felt the breath tickle her pubic hairs, but the cool air only served to bring more heat down there.
Amy licked her lips. "Do you taste as good as you look, Slut?"
"Yes," Susan answered quickly, desperately. She felt Amy pause and added, "Yes, Miss Amy."
"Good Slut," Amy purred. She opened her mouth and her tongue emerged and curled tentatively up to Susan's clitoris. She gave it the briefest of licks before withdrawing. Susan uttered an involuntary intake of breath, then let it out slowly in a long sigh.
Amy's tongue flicked out and in again. Susan felt the torture of erotic tension rise within her. She wanted to grab Amy's head and thrust it fully into herself but she overrode the desire, preferring to let Amy have her way with her in her own good time. Besides, the slow burn was pleasurable enough in its own way!
Soon Amy's tongue emerged for good and proceeded to lick along the entire length on Susan's opening. She didn't mind Amy tonguing her entrance but every time it moved back over her clit she moaned, telling Amy clearly what she liked. She closed her eyes to concentrate on the sensations. But Amy continued to toy with her, giving her some of the good stuff before backing off and concentrating on another nearby area for a while.
Suddenly Susan was aware of a humming noise. Amy withdrew her head a little way. Susan opened her eyes to see the vibrating dildo in Amy's hand and a wicked glint in her eyes. She spat down on the pink shaft and brought it in close. She held the tip right at Susan's entrance and paused. She turned the speed up a notch and Susan felt the vibrations slightly, even though it was barely touching her.
Susan was so wet the the shaft slipped easily between her pussy lips. With a quick thrust, Amy plunged it half-way in, bringing a surprised grunt of pleasure from Susan. Angling the toy Amy brought the vibrating segment into contact with Susan's clit. Her eyes opened wide and her head lifted off the bed. "Ohhhhh, yeeeesssss," she babbled.
Amy tilted the shaft all the way in and Susan's body began to buck, trying to accept more and more of the pleasure stick inside her. Her thighs began to clamp together but Amy forced them apart. Already significantly aroused, the direct clit stimulation built up the excitement within her rapidly. Susan was panting and thrusting her pelvis, aching for release.
Suddenly the vibration stopped, and Amy was grinning wickedly down at her.
"Not yet," she teased. "But I see you like."
"Yes. More. Please," Susan panted wildly.
"I've got something else in mind first, Slut."
Amy placed the toy on the bed and turned away back to the suitcase. Susan saw the pink vibrator just lying there so close. She felt like grabbing it and quickly switching it back on. But Amy turned back then holding what at first glance seemed like a weird necklace.
She leaned over Susan's body, reaching towards one of Susan's breasts. Susan saw with horror that one end of a metal chain had little metal teeth that were open and closing in on her nipple. She tensed. The weight of one of Amy's arms pushed down on her torso, pinning her to the bed.
"Just relax, my precious. They won't hurt. Much."
Susan felt the little teeth bite into her left nipple. She couldn't help flinching. They did hurt a bit, but not as badly as she feared. Before she could recover, Amy was attaching the other end to her right nipple. They were both hard nubs, now encased with metal clamps and joined by a loose metal chain that hung across her belly.
Looking down at herself, Susan found the view surprisingly arousing. Amy reached again into her sex stash and produced a huge long double ended dildo. Susan had never seen such a thing before, but she instantly what it was and just how it was likely to work. The idea sent little shock ways of excitement through her body, and most obviously felt now in her nipples.
The dildo was yellow and banana shaped, with studs and ridges along its curved length. Amy swivelled her body around so she sat open legged between Amy's legs. She quickly spread some lube along the length. "Not that you need any, Slut," she said as she did.
Amy fed one end of the dildo inside herself, the other end flopping out looking mildly ridiculous. The women now shuffled their bottoms closer together. "Spread yourself for me," Amy ordered. Susan parted her labia willingly and Amy moved the other end into position. Susan felt it enter and fill her delightfully. She felt each ridge and stud as it went in. They moved into a position where they were scissoring each other.
Initially there was still a little distance between the women with the middle section of the dildo showing. Amy began to thrust towards Susan and Susan reciprocated. They held hands as the pumped into each other furiously. Susan was in heaven. Since her encounters with Jinx and Carla, she had dreamt of what fucking and being fucked by another woman would be like. Fucking awesome was the answer!
Both women were grunting as they thrust eagerly into each other. Amy let go of Susan with her right hand and reached down between her legs. Susan watched, mesmerized, as Amy fingered herself. She was fascinated. She had never witnessed another woman masturbate before. The wet squelching sounds were erotic, and Susan was interested to observe any differences in technique to her own.
It was hard to concentrate on that though, because Amy's moans were reaching fever pitch. She had her eyes closed and head thrown back. Her fingers were a blur as she strummed her pussy and thrust again and again into Susan's cunt.
With a loud strangled cry, Amy came again, her breath coming a ragged gasps. Susan was again denied her own as Amy quickly pulled the dildo out of her as soon as her contractions were over.
She pulled the gleaming dildo out of herself too and smiled at Susan's evident frustration. "All in good time my little pet. Let's try something different now. Turn over. On your knees."
Susan turned and got into a doggy position. She looked over her shoulder and saw Amy attaching a strap-on dildo to herself. Once completed Amy crawled behind Susan.
Susan felt another pressure at her entrance. Again Amy pushed roughly inside with a quick thrust. Susan was so wet it slipped easily inside her. This dildo was thicker than the last one and she felt it stretching her cunt walls. Amy quickly worked up a rhythm and Susan grunted with every thrust from behind and every new penetration of her depths. With one hand Amy reached around Susan's body and pulled gently on the chain between Susan's nipple clamps. The metal teeth pulled on Susan's nipples causing pain, but as it blended with arousal emanating from her loins, the pain seemed transformed somehow into a heightened pleasure. Her nipples burned under the pull of the clamps. Susan fought the urge to call out to Amy to stop, but just gritted her teeth instead, tortured by a heady mix of pain, excitement and desire.
Amy kept up the pulling for a minute or so before backing off, but Susan's nipples continued to burn with a combination of pleasure and pain even after she backed off. The clamps were still in place. Susan closed her eyes again, focussing on the pounding her cunt was receiving.
She felt Amy moving a bit behind her and suddenly, without warning, Amy withdrew the dildo from her. Susan cried aloud in desperate disappointment but felt a whack on her right ass cheek. It shocked her and she cried aloud again in pain and surprise. She was rewarded with another whack. Turning she saw Amy holding a paddle in her hand. She hit Susan's ass again. It was painful but bearable.
"Eyes front," Amy barked. Susan did as she was told, biting down on her lip. Suddenly the blessed dildo was back inside her, and Amy was fucking her from behind again. Her hands was gently and soothingly rubbing her buttocks. They were sensitive, but the pain was not enough to be truly distracting. The burning in her nipples had now morphed into a warmth that had spread across her whole chest. Susan rested her elbows on the bed, her head down too as she pushed her ass backwards to take as much of the dildo as she could.
Every now and then the caressing of her butt cheeks would stop and Amy would give her a hard slap with the paddle. Susan moaned louder each time, the pressure in clitoris escalating each time.
"One last thing to complete the ensemble," Amy muttered mysteriously. Susan didn't stir from her position as the fucking rhythm slowed a little. The she felt something hard and warm at her anus. It didn't feel like a finger. "Just relax," Amy said, and before she really realised what was happening, something pressed inside her anus.
Susan felt her anus contract to expel the foreign object, but it firmly wedged fully inside her. "Just an anal plug, my little Slut. You'll love it."
And then the fucking and slapping of her ass picked up apace. "Play with yourself, Slut. Play with you clit. Bring yourself off!"
Susan didn't need to be told twice. She reached a hand between her legs and found her aching clit. She went crazy, slipping her fingers over her wet stiff nub as quickly and firmly as possible. The plug in her anus was initially distracting, but with a sudden shock it slipped over to actually heightening her pleasure. Before she even knew it Susan was on the brink of a massive climax.
With one final slap on her ass with the paddle, Susan arched her back and wailed. The orgasm smashed her and she almost collapsed onto the bed. She felt the contractions take control of her pussy but for the first time was aware of them in her anus too. The burning pain from her nipples seemed to be inside her ass and inside her clitoris all at once. For a full minute she thrashed on the bed, cursing and wailing and moaning.
It was several minutes more before she could stir herself again.
Amy looked impressed. "Boy, when you come, you really come, don't you, Slut? Watching you has got me all wet again."
Susan saw the anal plug then in Amy's hand. She didn't remember it coming out or when. Amy lay back again on the bed and lifted her pelvis off the covers for a moment. She slipped the plug into her own anus. She lay back again with legs akimbo.
This woman is insatiable,Susan thought. She had a flashback to France, and herself coming over and over again. She had lost times how many. Michel had done this amazing thing with his hands and fingers...
She wondered whether she could perhaps emulate it with Amy. She looked around and spotted a bottle of oil and poured it over her right hand. She ran it over Amy's public area letting it warm up. The she inserted her 3rd and 4th fingers into Amy's pussy. It felt all wet and hot and delightfully silky. She began to vigorously pump in an up and down action, rather than in and out.
Within moments Amy was writhing in delight under her touch. "That's really nice, Slut. Something different. It's very good. Keep it up."
That was exactly Susan's intention. She kept up the assault on Amy's cunt and soon felt Amy's body begin to stiffen. Susan withdrew her finger but put pressure over her pubic mound with the palm of her hand.
As soon as Amy's body began to relax she inserted her fingers again, repeating the movements. Within a couple of minutes Amy was writhing on the bed again as another orgasm took her. Again Susan withdrew and put pressure from her palm down on her clitoris indirectly from above.
Smiling, and knowing just how Amy must be feeling, she repeated this sequence over and over until Amy was a quivering mess on the bed amidst a spreading patch where oil and come juices had soaked into the bedsheets. Amy was incoherent by that stage, and even the slightest wriggling of Susan's fingers seemed to bring another wave of trembling and writhing from Amy.
Finally, eventually, Susan relented, both women well content. She somehow managed to get the both of them under the covers. She snuggled up to Amy and they fell asleep in each others arms without another word.