Saturday morning arrived and we had slept in until 10AM. I wanted to make love with Donna, but she said she was still too sore. My plans included showing Donna around town before the game in the afternoon.
It was going to be a humid 85 degree day. I threw on some cut offs, a t-shirt and tennis shoes. Donna pulled on panties, a pair of very short cut-off jeans and a loose white cotton tank top without a bra. After taking a few steps she said, "I can't wear these. I'm too sore down there," pointing towards her pussy.
I asked what else she had and lifted a minidress she had planned on wearing tonight for a dinner out and a flimsy pair of nylon lime green flared leg shorts.
I recommended the shorts, telling her, "We'll be doing some walking and going to the game today. The shorts are loose enough for you not to get chafed. You don't want some drunk student spilling beer on your dress at the game."
She stepped out of her jean shorts and removed her panties, too, saying they kind of rubbed. Going commando and pulled on her thin green shorts.
My eyebrows raised and I leered at her and said, "Well, this day could get interesting." She told me to stop it and that nothing was going to happen today. I was deflated as we left the motel room and drove back to campus.
We began our day walking around campus, holding hands and with my 35mm SLR camera around my neck. I showed her the buildings where I had classes, the library, Century Tower and the Plaza of the America's where the Hare Krishnas were dancing, beating drums and clanging finger cymbals. She thought this was great entertainment and I took a picture of her joining in the dance, as well a few others of her at campus landmarks. The campus was full of alumni and students for the homecoming game. We would be going to the game later, right after lunch.
As we made our way towards the stadium, I fell behind her and noticed how well her bare ass moved under her thin shorts. I also noticed that, if there was light behind her, I could see she didn't have any panties and the silhouette of her mons and pubic hair. There was also a damp spot between her thighs from the residual cum still leaking out of her pussy and sweat from the hot and humid day. I began to worry about running into one of the guys who'd fucked Donna the day before. I figured it's a big crowd and that the odds were favorable we wouldn't see any of them.
We stopped at "The Rat" ("The Rathskeller") an on-campus bar for lunch. It was packed, but we were able to find a high-top table with stools with backs. We had to share the table with two guys who had gotten there first. They were only too happy to have a cute girl join them, even if it was with her boyfriend.
Wayne and I had figured out a way to make money a week into classes, getting paid to alter classmates' drivers' licenses. I was using mine when I went to the bar and bought two beers and ordered some hamburgers and french fries. I brought the beer back to the high-top thinking that it was so crowded and noisy that those in authority would not notice an underage girl drinking. I was right as no one ever asked.
We chatted with the guys and we told her she was up from Miami visiting for the weekend. They had a hard time keeping their eyes off her chest as her stiff nipples were apparent through her tank top in the air-conditioned bar. We had worked up some perspiration on the walk and it was clinging a bit to her. I was proud she was mine and the admiring looks she was receiving.
I leaned in close and asked her if she wanted to have a little fun. She smiled and said, "What kind of fun?" I told her how the guys across our table were looking at her tits and that the guys sitting at the low table next to us were checking out her damp camel toe in her flimsy shorts.
She giggled and said, "What do you suggest?"
"First," I told her, "Lift yourself off the chair a bit and pull your shorts out of your pussy. When you sit back down adjust the legs of your shorts so there's a gap between them and your legs. They will probably see the some of your beautiful blonde pussy."
She shot me a glance and whispered, "Really? You want me to show them my pussy?"
"If you're up to it my beautiful tease. I think they'll like it," I replied.
Donna leaned even closer and put her hand behind my head and gave me a lingering kiss on the lips. She broke the kiss and sat for a moment before turning so her legs were turned in the direction of the four guys at the table. She caught the eye of two of them facing her and smiled. Holding their eyes in a sultry stare, she put her heals on the lowest bar of the stool and lifted her butt off the chair and, slowly, grabbed the short hem of both legs of her shorts and pulled them up and forward. This caused the shorts to come loose from crotch and created a line of vision to most of her very damp pussy. She smiled again at the guys and watched their eyes glued to her pussy. She then turned back to me and gave me her most sexy mischievous smile. "Like that?" she said.
The guys who saw this were punching the other two at the table in the arm telling them to turn and check this out. Donna sat there with her upper body turned towards me as we were talking as the four guys tried to look inconspicuously at the blonde bush not five feet away from them. As Donna and I spoke she would spread her legs a bit and, casually, bring them back together again and repeat the action as if she had no clue as to what she was revealing.
We sat there another 10 minutes before our name was called for the burgers. I suggested she go get them. She slid her tiny frame off the stool which caused the shorts to really ride up into her cleft. She made a point of pausing a bit before pulling the legs down covering the pubic hair that was sticking out. She then walked off towards the orders pick up window.
When Donna returned with our food she stopped as far away from me across the table as she could. She was right up next to one of our table mates. She reached across the table placing my burger in front of me and then moved over to her place and put her basket down. I got a great view of her little tits, bruised by the hickeys she'd received the day before, as did the guys at our table. Their eyes were glued to her chest! The guys at the low table were staring at the bottom of her butt cheeks peaking out from her shorts.
She sat next to me where we finished eating with no further teasing going on. She said she was getting uncomfortable sitting on the hard wooden stool so we got up and started to leave, but not before she scooted off her stool facing the low table as they watched her shorts get rammed back up in her crotch creating a camel toe and revealing her pubes more prominently. Again, she had to reach down and pulled her shorts out of her slit and wiggled her ass a bit as she did so. She winked at them before we walked out the door, hand in hand.
Once we got outside The Rat, we both started laughing and I pulled her in for a hard kiss and told her that she was so hot! She said, "We ought to cool it before we get arrested."
We walked to the stadium to watch the game with many guys eyeing her as she passed. I'm sure anyone down below her on the stadium steps or ramps got an eyeful! We played it cool there but still her attire attracted attention. We left at half-time as, again, sitting on a hard wooden bench wasn't doing her still sore ass any good.
Walking back to the car we discussed the rest of the afternoon and evenings plans. I said "Nap, shower and dinner. Just you and me. You're all mine".
She snuggled up close and said, "I'll always be all yours."
We had a lovely night with just the two of us, but she was still too sore to make love. She did wear her pretty short dress, with no panties, to dinner where she would flash me, occasionally, a shot of her uncovered beaver. Those shots were most blatant and slow when I would open her car door to let her in and out of the car. I am a gentleman, after all. A stop at the local ABC, a Florida state-run liquor store for a bottle of Chianti in a little basket and then back to the motel for cuddling and watched a little TV. We went to sleep, too tired to even open the wine.