"Hang on," Mark said to his best friend as they stepped into their dorm. "I need a glass of water. Freakin' science building always dries me out."
"Can't fool me, man," Alan said. "You just want to be hydrated so you can drink more tonight."
"That too," Mark said as they cut through the lounge to get to the kitchen. "Hey, we're legal now, why not enjoy it?"
"Right," Alan said, electing not to point out that Mark had been able to pass for twenty-one since freshman year. At least now that they both really were twenty-one, getting carded while Mark didn't was only humiliating, not any risk of getting kicked out of the bar.
Opening the kitchen door, they found a note scrawled in bright blue marker.
Whoever
the fuck took
my pizza Sat night
Don't be a FUCK,
Bring it back!

"Those bastards stole my line," Alan chuckled.
"Then it is yours?" Mark asked. "Should've told me, dude, you could've kept your pizza in my fridge."
"Tom and Tim, no doubt," Alan said. "They found out last week they're suspended next trimester. Academic probation. So they've decided to live likeAnimal Housefor the rest of this trimester before they get kicked out. They've been spreading around all kinds of stupid jokes like that all week."
"Tom and Tim from your floor?" Mark asked. "That figures. Never seen them doing any homework. But what do you mean it was your line?"
"I told them about a sign I saw once in the laundry room freshman year," Alan explained. "It was a stolen laundry basket, though. Not a pizza. I mentioned it to Tim once and he thought it was even funnier than I had. Anyway, they've been goofing off all week, and putting up stuff like that for the staff to clean up after."
"Man, that is funny!" Mark was still chuckling as he drew a glass of water. "So, speaking of the rest of trimester, who are you taking to Spring Forward?"
"Ugh, don't remind me," Alan said. "Who's got time to go looking for dates? Come on, let's go drop our books in my room and head to lunch."
"Everyone but you, dude." Mark slurped his water and set the glass roughly in the sink. "But don't you dare say you're not going. Don't pull a James on us."
Alan laughed through his irritation at being compared to their awkward, shy friend as they left the kitchen. "Don't worry, I'm not James. If I say I'm not going, I'm really not going."
"Yeah, well, you're going. I'll need someone to split the champagne with for my date and me."
"Who's your date?"
"Wouldn't you like to know?"
"Right, you haven't got one either," Alan said.
"Tain't none of your business if I have, is it?" Mark teased. "But dude, you're going and you're finding a date. James is going, but probably not with a date." As he set his hand on the fire door to Alan's floor, he burst into laughter and had to let it go. "Hey, I've got an idea, dude. You can ask James!"
"Not funny, man," Alan said. "James still isn't out to us, and we've got to respect that."
"Yeah, yeah," Mark said once he'd regained control of himself. "I just wish he would come out and get it over with. Doesn't he know we're the biggest allies on campus?"
Alan didn't dignify Mark's nonsense with an answer as he opened the fire door. They stepped into the hallway to find Tim and Tom pontificating on a No Fear t-shirt they'd found somewhere. They had an audience of a few freshmen from the end of the floor who were looking on in bemusement. "No fear of what?" Tim asked, "Sports?"
"Nah, man," Tom said. "All the jocks wear 'em. It's like they're just tryin' much too hard to prove how tough they are."
"You mean they're not saying they've got no fear, they're asking to have none?" Tim said, holding up his hands as if he were begging. "No fear? Please?"
Alan found himself laughing as he fished his key out of his pocket.
"What're you laughing at, Alan?" Tom demanded.
"You guys just gave me a great idea," Alan said. "Thanks." Lingering outside his door with Mark watching over his shoulder, he picked up his dry-erase marker and wrote on his own message board:
2 weeks
5 papers
3 exams
1 stats project
NO FEAR!
"Don't whine, Alan," Mark said. "Everybody's busy."
"Thanks, guys," Alan said again, opening his door and beckoning Mark in, once again ignoring his comment.
"You're not gonna do all that work, are you, man?" Tim asked. "Join us instead, man. We just decided, we're gonna be comedians."
"You already are." Alan laughed again and set his books down on his desk while Mark ditched his on Alan's bed. "Let me see if James is home," Alan said.
James, the token quiet guy in their gang, lived across the hall. Alan was just about to knock on his door when it opened to reveal James had company -- a tall red-haired woman he'd had a class with freshman year. Alan couldn't recall her name, but she knew his. "Alan!" She grinned and turned to James. "I thought I remembered you guys were friends."
"Since our freshman seminar," James said. "Hey, Alan. Mind if Sarah joins us for lunch?"
Sarah!"Yeah, that's fine," he said, giving her a cordial smile.
"James and I are practicing for our French orals," Sarah said.
"As long as you don't mind us speaking French there," James added.
"Just happy to have you talking at all, dude," said Mark from Alan's doorway.
"Ohhhhh!" said Tom and Tim in unison, as the latter reached for his recently-discarded guitar. "Mark, you're a songwriter, you now that?" Tim said, and began strumming. "Come with me, come with me, come with me to eat, and if you ain't a chatterbox like shit we will treat!"
"Sarah, they're always like that with old James," Tom added. "Best buddies, but they have this big thing about him not being a big talker."
"It's okay, guys, I'm used to it," James said. "Been hearing jokes like that as long as I can remember. Doesn't everybody know we just choose not to flip a switch and become a chatterbox?"
"Just like we can't flip a switch and become a couple of Rhodes scholars," Tom said. "Right, Tim?"
"Yeah," Tim said. "Sarah, you sure you want to eat lunch will all three of these virile specimens? Maybe a little too much testosterone for one table?"
"Dude, Sarah's one of the guys," Mark said, giving her a pat on the rear end that earned him a dirty look. "Hey, I kid, I kid! Let's go!"
"One of the guys, really, Mark?" Sarah said. "And keep your hands to yourself."
"Yeah, he should've," Alan agreed, opening the door for her. "But come on, Sarah, youareone of the guys. Nothing wrong with that."
"Are they like this all the time?" Sarah asked James.
"I'm afraid so," James said. "It's their clumsy way of flirting."
"Aw, screw you, James!" Mark said it with just enough of a sneer in his voice to leave even Alan wondering whether he was joking or serious.
Alan, still feeling a bit sore at Mark's comments about the upcoming dance, added, "Yeah, for one thing, Mark here has a date for Spring Forward!"
"Who?" Sarah was glad to change the subject.
"I didn't say I had a date, and I didn't say I didn't." Once again Mark's smugness was unmistakable. "But I do happen to know Alan doesn't, Sarah. Hint hint."
"Man, she doesn't want to go with me!" Alan said, slapping his friend playfully in the head. Mark caught his hand and gave it a good wrenching before throwing it back at him.
"Good save, Alan," James said, and he stole a look at Sarah to confirm that she was thinking the same. But no such look was forthcoming.
"How about you, James?" Sarah asked. "I know someone I think you'd be perfect for if you need a date."
"Oh, I'm not going," James said.
Mark and Alan burst out laughing, their brief animosity forgotten. "What'd I tell you?" Mark said.
"What did he tell you?" Sarah asked.
"Every trimester, every dance, James says he's not going," Mark explained.
"Then in the end he always does go, and has a wonderful time as far as we can tell," Alan added.
"You guys are all heart," James said.
"Dude, it's true!" Mark said.
"Haven't you guys considered he's got a reason for not wanting to go at first?" Sarah said.
"I guess he must," Alan said. "But he's never told us what that reason is. James, care to explain?"
"You wouldn't understand," James said. "I will say the timing couldn't be worse, just before the end of the trimester. Who's got time to look for a date?"
"Thank you!" Alan said. "That I can agree with. And this year having it right after April Fool's Day, too. What a wonderful way to fuck with anyone you have issues with, man, ask them to the dance and then when they get to your door, 'April Fool's!'"
"You asshole!" But Sarah was laughing as she said it. James looked at her, expecting Sarah's politically correct wokeness to come roaring out, or at least some sort of indication that the laugh wasn't sincere. But once again he didn't see any such thing. "Anyway, if you guys must know, no, I haven't got a date yet."
"I wouldn't panic," Mark said. "Everybody knows women have all the control there."
"No kidding," Alan said. "A man goes to a party wondering if he'll get lucky..."
"A woman goes knowing she will," Mark finished, and they laughed together. James didn't.
To his surprise, Sarah did laugh. "That's funny, Alan," she said. "I don't agree, but it's funny."
The three of them spent the short remainder of the walk to the dining hall arguing playfully, while James was his usual quiet self. Though he was serious about his reluctance to go to the dance, he wondered who Sarah's friend might be that she had in mind for him. It wouldn't hurt to ask, after all.
When they arrived, he got a clue. A dark-haired woman from their class, whom he'd been seeing around campus ever since freshman year but had never been introduced to, was just hanging her coat up as they stepped in. She was dressed fetchingly as usual, this time in a black skirt and tights with cowboy boots. James had often admired her idiosyncratic style, but he didn't even know her name.
Sarah did. "Rosa!" she said.
Rosa turned around. "Sarah, hi!" The two women embraced like a couple of schoolgirls while James, Alan and Mark looked on in bemused silence. "I've been meaning to come by your room," Rosa said when she and Sarah finally disentangled. "It's just been so busy lately!"
"God, aren't we all!" Sarah said. "Join us for lunch?"
"Oh, Sarah, you know I eat at the Corner Table!" Rosa said, pulling her ID out of her purse. "Of course, you're always welcome there."
"There's always a place for you at the Corner Table," Mark intoned dramatically.
"There's always people hugging at the Corner Table," Alan added.
Rosa gave them both a dirty look, and for good measure she glared at Sarah for a moment, before handing her ID to the card checker and proceeding into the dining hall without another word. James was relieved that she seemed to have noticed he hadn't joined in on the shaming of the Corner Table -- the misfits of a college that already was full of misfits -- and just for a wonderful moment he wondered if Rosa was the one Sarah had been referring to. But just as quickly he admonished himself, it couldn't be. Despite her affiliation with the Corner Table, Rosa was very pretty and confident and she had that style all her own that worked against all odds -- he'd managed to notice all that from afar even as he'd never met her -- and she could have a real hunk if that's what she wanted. She wouldn't bother with a shy guy like him. But at least he'd been spared her anger.
And Sarah's. "Guys, look," she said, standing in the doorway to block their way. "I know Rosa's kind of weird and I know she hangs out with those weirdos at the Corner Table. But she's my best friend, and I won't stand for her being insulted like that, all right?"
"Sorry, Sarah," James said.
"It's not you who should be apologizing, James." She gave the other two an expectant look, and got nothing but smirks in return. "Whatever," she said, and handed her ID to the checker.
Rosa was used to scorn from Sarah's friends. She'd been putting up with it since freshman year, when they were roommates and Sarah had gravitated towards the jocks and she towards the hippies. Even then, Rosa had sensed she could have avoided all that if she'd steered clear of the Corner Table. But even then, the Corner Table had been the one and only niche on campus where she'd felt fully accepted for the quirky young woman she was. So she'd put up with the snickering and the stupid comments and jokes, in exchange for the warm welcome from the one group of ragtag misfits that got her.
Today, as she carried her tray back to the Corner Table, she wondered if the results of the confrontation with Sarah's friends were visible on her face. They must have been, for Moose took one look at her and stood up and opened his arms. "Hi, Rosa," he said. "What's wrong?" Rosa cheered up as she saw he'd finally switched his shoes: black on the left and white on the right today.
Rosa set her tray down and let her friend enfold her in his arms. "Hi, Moose," she said. "Just the usual, friend of a friend stuff."
"Need say no more," said Moose, whom no one but the professors ever called by his real name, Henry.
"Just had a taste of that myself," said Patricia, who was just finishing her lunch. "It's like they think we're coming for them if they don't repel us or something."
"Well gee, haven't you heard how funny we smell lately?" asked Keith, known far and wide as the biggest computer geek on campus. As Rosa let go of Moose and sat down beside him, she once again opted not to tell Keith that it actually wouldn't hurt for him to shower a bit more often.
"What are they afraid of?" wondered Paul, a sharp dresser like Rosa.
"Yeah, it's not like we're going to their beer blasts and tearing our clothes off or anything," added Paul's boyfriend, Nick, of whom Rosa was still a touch jealous.
Moose burst out laughing. "What if we did do that?"
"Yeah, I'm sure the whole school wants to see us naked, Moose," Patricia said. "Can you imagine?"
"That's just my point!" Moose said. "They think we're a bunch of freaks anyway, what if we gave 'em just what they want? You want to point and laugh at us? Here we are, vulnerable as can be. You got the guts to do the same? You all just know not a one of them does!"
Rosa was expecting her friends to laugh, but then she found she was not laughing. Neither, to her surprise, were any of the others. Someone had to break the silence, so she did. "You're not all seriously considering this, are you?"
"There'll be parties or movies in every lounge tonight, you know that," Nick said. It was Friday.
Pregnant pause. This time it was Patricia who spoke up. "Oh, all right, I'm game if the rest of you are."
Shy Rosa had never given any thought at all to such a thing -- that was just the sort of college nonsense she'd always figured was beneath her. But if all her dearest friends were joining in...
Rosa could never forget what she'd read about Claxton in the book her mother had bought her, about what colleges were really like. "A current student says, 'The perfect Claxton College student is the kind of person who could have fit in back in high school but chose not to.'" Rosa hadn't bought it then, and over halfway into her junior year at Claxton, she still didn't buy it. She still had no doubt that guy had really been talking about people who couldn't have fit in back in high school and still weren't honest with themselves about it. Rosa herself, with her shy demeanor and complete lack of sense of what was in fashion with clothes or music or much of anything else, hadn't been in any such denial back in high school. She'd been more than happy to eat lunch with the outcasts: the nerds, the one boy who loved ballet, the only out lesbian in her class, the artistic weirdos...they'd attracted plenty of dirty looks and laughs from the cool kids, but they'd made a wonderfully cohesive band of misfits and she'd never had any regrets about her inability to make nice with the beautiful people.
Little wonder, then, that when she'd gotten to Claxton freshman year, she'd gravitated immediately to the Corner Table. She'd heard that name -- "the Corner Table" -- before she'd even been to lunch at the dining hall on her first whole day on campus, but a senior on her floor had told her and Sarah all about just what it meant. "It's a really open community here, you know, no cliques, but we've got a few weirdos who still just have to act like outcasts even though high school is over. We call them the Corner Table because that's where they sit in the dining hall. We're talking no social skills here, and I think some of them don't even like taking a shower very often."
"Gross," Sarah had said. Rosa had said nothing; she remembered all too well hearing her friends in high school talked about in the same sort of tone by the popular kids she'd always loved to hate.
"I wouldn't worry about them, though," the older woman had told them. "A couple of nice gals like you won't have any problem finding your footing here. Leave the freaks alone and they'll leave you alone."
Rosa had dutifully joined Sarah and the rest of their floor for lunch. But she'd scoped out the Corner Table from a safe distance, and their cohesiveness was palpable from first sight. That night at dinner she'd helped herself to a seat there.
She had never since regretted it. But now, walking back to her room after lunch with her heart doing flip flops, she felt her first-ever twinge of regret. This wasn't who she was! It wasn't who any of her friends were, that's why they were friends in the first place. Of course, if she chickened out, they'd never hold it against her. As Rosa climbed the stairs to her room, she began to practice the explanation she would give when she arrived at Moose's room at the appointed hour.Guys, I'm sorry, I just can't...please understand...They would understand, that she knew.
Rosa had the speech all set by the time she got to her door and stood looking through her purse for her keys. Just as she got them out, a pair of freshman guys came out of their room down the hall. "Well, if it isn't the freakiest cowgirl!" one of them snickered.
"Giddyup!" added the other. They laughed and slapped high-fives, and took off down the stairs.
Rosa, who had been on the business end of their teasing before, didn't even look at them as she unlocked her door and stepped inside. As she locked the door and tossed her purse on the bed, once again she felt the righteous indignation that had just gone around the Corner Table.
Yes, she decided, she bloody well would!
After lunch, Sarah went back to James' room and they did one last run-through of the French conversational review. "God, if we'd done this every week," Sarah said as at last she closed her book.
"This exam'd be a snap," James agreed. "Well, there's always next term. You taking French again?"
"Mais oui!"Sarah said. "Yeah, let's plan on that, once a week. James, thanks, you've been a big help."
"No problem," James said. "And look, I'm sorry about Mark and Alan."
"I told you, it's not you who should be apologizing," Sarah said. "Besides, I really don't know what Rosa sees in those freaks. I mean, yeah, she's a little weird herself, but..."
"Maybe that's why?" James offered. "That you think she's weird, I mean."
"Well, I love her, but she is," Sarah said. "Do you know her, James?"
James shook his head. "One of those people I've seen around campus since freshman year but never met. This place is bigger than it sometimes seems, you know?"
"True," Sarah said, and now she recalled what she'd said before lunch. If he didn't think Rosa was weird, maybe she should...but she didn't. Instead she asked, "Now, feel free to tell me it's none of my business, but may I ask why you always almost don't go to Spring Forward? Or the Snow Ball either, I suppose?"
"I don't mind you asking, but I honestly don't know," James said. "I just -- well, the way my mother put it, because this has been a thing with me for a long time, she once said, 'James, you think you don't deserve anything nice!' And I don't know why that is, but she hit the nail on the head."
"Mothers usually do," Sarah said. "But -- wow, that's sad. So you feel you don't deserve to waltz a bunch of beautiful girls around the floor?"
"Crazy, isn't it?" James asked. "I always have wondered, just how did we end up with a tradition like that anyway? Who ever thought a semiformal dance set to waltz music would ever go over well on your average lefty granola campus, with its share of nerds and misfits and women who don't shave their legs and men who do?"
Sarah laughed. "You're so right! But I love it, and it sounds to me like you do, too."
"Well, it does always bring on some surprises, doesn't it? 'Hey look, he took a shower!' 'Wow, she does own a dress!' And, I mean, once I do get over myself and go, you know, there's that minute or two of awkwardness, and then someone asks me to dance, and I forget all about what I don't deserve!"
"That's sweet," Sarah said. "And you don't need a date, if it comes to that."
"Does that mean you've changed your mind about that friend you mentioned?"
"Let me check with her first," Sarah said. "I won't tell her who you are or anything, I just want to suss her out a bit. For one thing, I don't know for sure she hasn't got a date. But I don't think so."
"Then we just need a date for you, huh?" James said.
"Do you know if Alan really doesn't have a date yet?"
"Sarah, you don't want him!" James said. "The way he treated Rosa?"
"I didn't like that," Sarah admitted. "But I mean, he's a guy. But a cute guy. Look, if I'm going to help you find someone, can't you help me?"
"If you're sure you want that, I'll see what I can find out," James said. "But I'm warning you, those two, they're my buddies and all, but they're a couple of immature brats, too."
"Oh, that's just what I like," Sarah said. "They're the kind who know how to have a good time. I mean, no offense, James, a guy like you would make a wonderful husband, but I want to have some fun first."
James nodded and smiled but said nothing, and for an awful moment Sarah was afraid she'd just broken his heart. But he showed no further sign of any such thing as he sat down at his desk and put his shoes on. "I'm off to the library now," he said. "But I know Mark and Alan are going to the bar tonight, if you want to come."
"I'd love to," Sarah said. "James, thank you."
"For what?"
"For understanding. I know what Alan is, but he's so cute...I just can't help it."
"I've been there," James said. "See you tonight?"
"Sure!"
James took a couple of minutes to get his books together, and to think about what Sarah had just revealed. But when he left his room a few minutes later, Sarah was still in the hallway, bending over with laughter while Tim and Tom were noodling on their guitars. "Guys, do it again for James!" she said between gales of laughter.
"She's right, James," Tom deadpanned. "You've got to hear the Truck Blues."
"The Truck Blues," James repeated. "Well, the title's got promise, guys."
"That ain't all it's got!" Tim said. "Take a load off and listen!"
Five minutes wouldn't hurt. James sat down and welcomed Sarah plopping down beside him, and watched as Tom formed a G chord on his guitar. In ragged unison they began.
"Took my baby, lay her on my truck!"
Sarah was just as amused this time. James joined in on the laughter.
"Took my baby, lay her on my truck!"
Two of the freshman guys from the other end of the floor were looking on, seemingly as amused with James and Sarah's reaction as with the song.
"Pulled her down, and then we had a real good..."
"Picnic!" Tim yelled out. "You guys weren't expecting...you're sick!" He and Tom both dissolved into peals of laughter.
"Beautiful, guys," James said. "Thanks, I needed that."
Sarah did have every intention of stopping by Rosa's room to apologize and gauge her interest in James. But she crossed paths with another friend who invited her to the student union for a snack and then she had a committee meeting at four o'clock, and once that was over she had forgotten all about her earlier plans. So Rosa was left alone all afternoon to study in peace and to flip back and forth between terror and exhilaration at the plans for the evening. Even the rest of the Corner Table had never seen her naked, and she bore enough emotional scars from the high school locker room to be happy to keep it that way. But the prospect of giving their whole campus a fuck-you for the way it always held them at arm's length was irresistible, and if there were one group of people on earth whom she trusted with being so absolutely vulnerable...
Ultimately, Rosa decided, that was worth anything and everything. A hopeless romantic from as far back as she could remember, Rosa had always been prone to lush fantasies where her dress, bra and panties melted away for one who appreciated her natural beauty no matter how unlikely that seemed in real life. In her imagination she always felt wonderfully confident and comfortable in her body. With her friends, that seemed well within reach for the first time ever.
By dinnertime, Rosa was surprised to find she was even a little afraid the others might have gotten cold feet. She was pleased to learn they not only hadn't, but that word had spread around to other Corner Tablers who hadn't been there at lunch. "Rosa, have you heard about our plans for tonight?" asked Robert, dressed in his top hat and vest as usual and accompanied as always by his girlfriend Amy in yet another peasant dress.
"I was there when we decided to do it," Rosa confirmed. "I'm glad to hear it's still on, I spent all afternoon working up my courage for this."
"You and me both," said Keith, the only other one who'd been there at lunch.
"Rosa, what are you afraid of?" Amy asked. "You're beautiful!"
"Thanks, and so are you, Amy," Rosa said. "You're not afraid, are you?"
"I've only got so much to show, haven't I?" Amy looked down at her dainty breasts, which were indeed rather smaller than Rosa's.
"I'm sure they're lovely, Amy," Rosa said. "And hey, we'll all be there for each other, you know."
"Are you two going to be drawn together like magnets or what?" asked Robert. "And how closely can I watch?"
The whole table laughed uproariously. Rosa welcomed the funny looks from the other tables. She, like all Corner Tablers, had heard the rumors that they all routinely slept with one another on top of everything else.
Aileen, seated on Amy's other side, addressed that issue as soon as they had quieted down. "You do realize this will be making everyone think they're right about us being a bunch of perverts?"
"Let 'em think so," said Colby, the chair of the Claxton SCA chapter, who also had the biggest beard on campus. Rosa had always wondered if the rest of his body was that hairy. Realizing now that she was about to find out, she couldn't help smiling.
"Rosa, you're really looking forward to this, aren't you?" asked Aileen, who was partial to shapeless men's shirts and loose jeans.
"I cannot tell a lie," Rosa confessed.
Though there were rarely more than eight or nine people at the Corner Table at any given time -- it was all that would fit, and no one ever coordinated their lunch schedules that Rosa knew of -- there were well over twenty members of their band of misfits all told. Not all of them were brave enough to take part, of course (Rosa vowed never to give them a hard time about that, and she knew the others wouldn't either). But by the time the appointed hour rolled around that evening, about a dozen of them were crowded into Moose's room in Horton Hall, at the far end of campus. "So I suggest we simply walk up the way to each of the dorms and don't even say hello, we just wander in and out and give them an eyeful they'll never forget," Moose said when the moment of truth had arrived. "Anyone want to wimp out?" he asked, standing up from his desk chair.
"No judgment if you do," Rosa added, also standing up.
She got lots of nervous grins in response, but no one left the room.
Patricia, the nearest one to the door, closed and locked it. "Game on," she said with a nervous giggle, and pulled her top off.
Once the ice was broken, the next minute or two was a blur of flying shirts and bras and socks and lots of awkward laughter. Rosa had to sit down to pull her tights off and was among the last to finish undressing, but that meant she had a bit more time to let her gaze wander. Colby was standing nearby, and she was pleased and utterly titillated to see his penis was as lushly forested as his face. So she was confidence itself as she stood back up with her own big bush on full display. She didn't look around to see if hers was the second biggest in the room, but she rather suspected as much.
With her mind off on that tangent, she failed to realize she was still gawking at Colby's body until she looked up to see him grinning at her. "Like what you see, Rosa?"
"Oh, I'm sorry!" Rosa laughed, covering her eyes.
"Rosa, it's okay!" And she looked up just in time to see he was coming over to hug her. She welcomed the delight of his bare skin on hers. Having always heard the feel of skin on skin was utterly delicious, now she saw it really was. "You were probably wondering, because of my beard..."
"Exactly," Rosa confessed. "And also hoping because, you know, solidarity." She pulled back and patted her own lush, thick triangle, complete with a light treasure trail. Now that the initial shock was over, she looked around to see all the others were checking each other out as well.
"I can just imagine the looks that got in the locker room," Colby said with a knowing look. "I got a lot of the same."
"And at the pool," Rosa said. "Lots of, hey, all your friends are in bikinis, why not you?"
"Rosa, I knew you'd be beautiful underneath!" declared Amy, who also helped herself to a hug, which Rosa eagerly returned. Over Amy's shoulder, Rosa could see Robert looking on, hard as a rock. He looked down at it and laughed with an apologetic shrug.
"Oh, you are too, Amy!" Rosa said. Drawing back, she took her friend by the shoulders and looked down. Thin as a rake, small breasts that stood out effortlessly without a bra, and a sprinkling of pubic hair that looked like an afterthought compared to her own -- different, to be sure, but beautiful. "We're going to knock their socks off!"
"And everything else, if they're anything like me," said Robert.
Since Rosa herself had broached the subject of her bush, she wasn't surprised to detect plenty of furtive glances at it as they all put their shoes (and in her case, her cowboy boots) back on. She was fairly sure some of them -- even some of the women -- wanted to touch it. In the heat of that deliciously erotic moment, she'd have allowed it, especially since she'd have liked to give several of the guys' dicks a squeeze. But no one asked for such a thing or invited anyone else to do it to them. So Rosa was content to enjoy the admiring looks at her body, which she eagerly returned.
Having danced off most of the afternoon in the library, James was more than happy to join Mark and Alan on their bar-run. Despite his misgivings, he told them Sarah wanted to join them. "I think she's got her eye on one of us for Spring Forward," he said as they set off up the way towards her dorm.
"That mean you are going after all?" Mark asked.
"Don't I always?" James let a laugh escape as he said it.
"Yeah, well, no offense, but I think she's a little out of your league, James," Alan said. "And Mark, you've already got this mystery girl, to hear you tell it. So I guess that leaves yours truly."
"Good for you, man," James said. "Gonna ask her tonight?"
Alan laughed. "Man, how can you do that? I put you down and you just wish me good luck?"
"'Cause he's a gentleman, dude," Mark said. "Not like you and me, you know that. James, I think that's really big of you. But I never actually said I had a date, you know."
"Then may the best man win!" Alan said, opening the door to Camden Hall, where Sarah lived.
"Sarah said she'd be in the first-floor lounge," James said, ignoring both of their bravado, which continued as he led the way up the three steps to the first floor.
At the top of the steps, Mark and Alan both forgot all about their friendly rivalry and everything else. Sarah wasn't anywhere in sight, but there was a heated conversation going on by the lounge door. One of the participants was a guy James knew by sight only, having seen him from a safe distance at the Corner Table -- the guy who was known campuswide for always wearing mismatched shoes.
He was wearing them now. And nothing else.
He was also calmly trying to reason with a slightly older woman -- James thought she was the Camden Hall RA. "We're just on a nice little walk around the campus," he was saying.
"Well, I'm going to have to ask you to continue that walk elsewhere," the RA said. "We're watching a movie in there and your friends are making some people very uncomfortable."
"There are more of 'em inside?" Mark grumbled. Instinctively all three of the guys turned away -- and only then did they see none other than Sarah's friend from lunch that day, just as naked as her friend was.
Rosa's heart was beating so hard she was surprised the guys couldn't see it. Or maybe they could see it, but they were fixated on the rest of her body. She looked back at them and laughed nervously. She knew just who they were, and having not forgotten the insults the rowdier two of the trio had served up at lunch, she welcomed their hungry gaze on her now.Eat your heart out!, she felt like saying, as they definitely seemed to like what they saw. But she said nothing.
With Sarah still nowhere to be seen and the argument still going on behind them, James grinned back at her and held his hand up to block the view below her neck. "Hey, how are you feeling?" he asked.
"How do you think?" Rosa managed to say between embarrassed titters.
"I can't imagine," James confessed. "But I'm impressed. This takes guts! I wish I were as brave as you."
"Thank you!" she said. "But I take it you don't like what you see?" She pulled his hand down so he had a clear view of her body again.
"No, I do! I just...didn't want to stare."
"She's naked, dude, she wants you to stare!" Mark called from behind them.
"I don't know about that," James said. "But hey, you're beautifulandbrave."
"You're too sweet!" Rosa said.
She was prepared to say more, but just then the stairwell door opened. "Oh my God, Rosa!" It was Sarah. "What's the big idea?"
"Would you ask that if we were the swim team?" asked Moose, who had finally given in and collected the rest of their friends from the lounge. "Or the football team?"
"Uh, yeah!" Sarah said, although she did help herself to a look at Rosa's friends who were now gathered all around them. "Rosa, I...I've got questions."
"Lunch tomorrow?" Rosa asked, just as casually as if she'd been fully clothed.
"Please!" Sarah turned around. "Guys, come on!"
Sarah had planned to flirt with Alan on the walk to the bar. Instead she spent the walk griping about Rosa. "I love her to bits, but she's always been kind of weird. But I never thought she was that weird!"
"I admire her," James said. "That was so brave!"
"You would say that, dude," Mark said. "A beautiful naked woman is standing right there, and you think of how brave she is?"
"Beautiful?" replied Sarah, who had of course seen Rosa naked a time or two when they were roommates. "With that bush? I always meant to tell her, listen, you've got to start shaving or waxing or something. I mean, gross!"
"Couldn't disagree more," Alan said. "I dig that look!"
"Dig," Mark said with a haughty laugh. "A nice furry hole to dig in, that's for sure. But I liked it too."
"You did?!" All at once Sarah saw things were going in a direction she did not like at all.
"Yeah, man, how often do you see something like that these days?" Alan said. "It's fresh and different and hip! You know if she's got a date for the spring dance, Sarah?"
As Sarah swallowed her heart, she almost lied just to screw with Alan. But she hadn't yet said anything before Mark cut in.
"Not so fast, dude," he said, chucking Alan on the arm. "I saw her first."
"The hell you did, man!" Alan shot back.
Half-hoping the two friends would come to blows, Sarah held her tongue for an uncomfortable moment. Then she got a wonderfully awful idea. What had Alan said about the dance being right after April Fool's? She smiled through her disappointment and held both hands up. "Gentlemen, no need to fight over her!" she said. "You heard me say I'm having lunch with her tomorrow. I'll ask then, all right?"
"Please do," said Mark. "And Alan, no hard feelings when she chooses me, all right?"
"Looks like you both have hard feelings about Rosa to me," said James, who was also stiff as a board remembering her body, not to mention surprised that they shared his fondness for hairy pussies.
"Guys, enough!" Sarah declared. They were outside the bar and she set her hand on the door handle to open it. "Now can we please talk about anything except my ex-roommate's snatch?"
"Talk yes, think no!" Alan declared. Mark and James laughed along with him. But they did obey Sarah's request, and through three pitchers of beer the talk was of anything but what was on all three guys' minds.
The Corner Table were no more well-received at any of their other stops than they'd been at Camden. But Rosa was high as a kite with the memory of the lustful looks she'd gotten at every stop, never more than at Camden. That quiet guy had been such a sweetheart, but his two friends -- rude though they'd been at lunch -- they were ever so cute and the way they'd looked at her had made her feel like Miss America. If only it had been one -- or both! -- of them who'd been the polite ones. In her imagination, though, they both were. They'd been on her mind ever since Moose had herded the others out of the lounge and on to the next stop. And when at last they'd all returned to his room to get dressed and she'd enjoyed last fleeting looks at Colby and Paul's dicks and said her good nights to all her friends, she knew just what she'd be doing once she got back to her room.
"You're welcome to hang out a while," Moose said, once they all had their clothes on again. "I've got a bottle of something or other if you're interested."
Most of the others did look like they intended to accept the invitation, but Rosa was feeling much too wound up to linger. "Thanks, but I'm beat," she said. "See you at lunch tomorrow?"
"You're meeting your friend for lunch, aren't you?" said Aileen.
"Oh, right!" Rosa said. "Dinner then, I guess. We showed them, huh?"
"And each other, too," quipped Nick.
"Yeah, Rosa, you have a gorgeous vagina," added Paul with a smirk.
"Why, thank you, Paul!" Rosa just had to turn away then and let herself out of the room. It wouldn't do any good to let Paul know at this late date how welcome he'd have been in her gorgeous vagina if only he weren't gay.
And after all, she reminded herself as she scurried back to her room, she now had two guys to choose from who very clearly weren't!
Rosa had, of course, matured a great deal since the bad old days when she'd been ever so certain she was the only girl at school who played with herself. But not everything had changed. She still thought of it as making love to herself, and she still took it seriously. Once she'd brushed her teeth and returned to her room to stay for the night, she sat on the bed to take her boots off, then got up and put the windowshade up. The evening's adventure had her feeling very much at one with nature, and she wanted a good look at the dark campus with its signs of early spring.
She turned the light out, and went to the window to gaze out at the night. Imagining herself in some voyeuristic yet beautiful painting, she undressed slowly -- first her skirt, then her tights and panties, then her top. She lingered a bit before removing her bra, for wearing only that always made her feel utterly feminine and she was enjoying that palpable sense immensely, as she had been all evening.
Rosa teased her clit a few times and the feeling was divine, and finally decided it was off with the bra.
Completely nude at last, she stood proudly in the window, half hoping someone down on the lawn would notice her. The adoring looks she'd received had her feeling like she would never know shame again. What she did feel, remembering the hungry looks from guys who normally didn't look at her twice, was adoration. Looks only the cheerleaders had ever gotten in high school, and from the guys only the cheerleaders would date!
Soon Rosa's whole bush was wet to the touch as she rubbed about every which way with her well-practiced fingers, and her heavy breaths were steaming up the window. She closed her eyes and envisioned Sarah's two friends gawking at her -- such a remarkable change from the way they'd looked at her at lunchtime! She'd known the type at a glance, of course, the kind of guys who could've had any girl they wanted from about the seventh grade on, and they knew it. The kind who could flip up a girl's dress and she'd still fawn over them...not a girl like Rosa, of course, but now there'd be no need to flip up her dress -- they knew what was under it and they liked what they saw!
As her stroking became more intense, Rosa just had to lie down. She flopped onto her bed and spread her legs wide, and let her left hand take over on her clit while she slipped two fingers on her right hand into her pussy.
"Oooooooh..." She moaned out loud, not caring in the heat of the wonderful moment if anyone out in the hall heard, and bent her head back so her imaginary lover could kiss and nuzzle her neck to her heart's content. Now they weren't her fingers in her pussy, they were his, as he lay her back on a chintz-adorned waterbed in a spacious room overlooking lush green hills that she was somehow aware of, but wasn't looking at.
She was looking at him. Tall, strapping, already undressed -- no doubt she had torn his clothes off -- as he slowly worked her flowing gown up past her thighs and hips. Stopping to frolic about in her pussy until she was screaming with joy, he took a moment to untie the gown in back, and she felt herself being utterly bared to his hungry eyes and hands, which proceeded to caress her breasts until she was ready to burst with desire.
It was only when she imagined guiding him inside her -- and her own eyes growing wide with pleasure at the welcome sensation -- that she stopped to wonder what he looked like. So many adoring young man to choose from, but she was drawn once again to Sarah's two friends. Not in spite of their rudeness earlier in the day, but because of it -- what a change! Right now she couldn't be sure which of them she was picturing, but it didn't matter. Whichever one he was, the nerd had the beefcake eating out of her hand.
And out of her pussy, as she imagined just then as she brought herself off for the first time. It wasn't to be the last, she didn't even need to tell herself that much as she imagined his tongue tickling her clit in the loveliest way while her fingers continued to do the job for real. Now he was inside her again, humping hard and fast and his eyes growing wide as he came, his body stiff as a board for just a moment before he plopped down into her arms.
Rosa came for real, with a deeply satisfying shiver, and then she curled up under the covers to enjoy the imaginary afterglow. Only now did she have to think about her lover's personality. What would he say in that beautiful moment? Probably something like what Sarah's third friend had told her. It wouldn't really be him, of course -- anyone could see he was the kind of guy who made a wonderful friend, but no one a woman as beautiful as Rosa now felt would ever have to settle for. Maybe he was even gay, the way he'd held up his hand to avoid looking at her body, as if she'd taken all her clothes off in public for nothing! But she hoped his two buddies might learn something from him about how to treat a woman outside of bed, anyway.
Rosa drifted off to sleep, feeling her imaginary lover's arms around her. She'd worry about his real-life personality tomorrow.
James was so drunk when he got back to his dorm, he almost didn't care about the way everything had gone sideways with Sarah. Hadn't she been asking for trouble pursuing Alan anyway? And hadn't he done his best to warn her?
But his mind was really on Rosa. Just what had inspired that?!
"You missed a hell of a show tonight," Tom announced when James stumbled in.
Oh no I didn't," James said with a knowing grin.
"And you didn't go blind?" Tim chimed in. "Of all the people on campus I never wanted to see in the buff..."
"Well, one of them was gorgeous," James said. "But Mark and Alan thought so too."
"So what?" Tim and Tom asked in unison.
"So there go my chances," James said. "It'd be awfully weird anyway, 'Hey, you don't know me, but I've seen you naked and I liked what I saw!'"
"What's wrong with that?" Tom asked. "I mean, if she was naked in public, she ought to expect to be seen by some people she doesn't know."
"True enough. And she was so sweet about the whole thing, too. Adorable. Eh, I don't know. Night, guys."
"Hey, stay up and have some wine!" Tim said.
"I don't see any wine," James said, and even as he said it, he remembered the reply.
"There isn't any!" they all said together. "Hilarious, guys," James went on. "Good old Lewis Carroll, what a riot. But I've got to get some sleep. Got to get started on my history paper tomorrow."
"Fuck, man, you're not in Crewcut's class, are you?" Tim asked.
"No, this is British history with Jan Thomas," James said. "I had intro with Mr. Crofut freshman year. Never again!"
"Good move, man," Tom said. "He's the reason we're out of here, you know? Hasn't he ever heard of a gentleman's D?"
"Gentleman's C, isn't it?" James asked.
"We're not greedy!" Tim said. "I just wish someone had told us what a hard-ass he is."
"Me too," James said, remembering how he'd barely pulled a B-minus in Mr. Crofut's class. "He looks so perfectly wimpy, too, doesn't he?"
"Those chubby cheeks are hard to miss," Tom said.
James laughed. "I know! I always thought he looked just like he'd just eaten a box of crackers, all at once."
Tim burst out laughing. "That's it, man, crackers!"
Tom jumped up. "James, you're a genius. Where's my phone book?"
"What's up?" James asked.
"Crackers!" Tim said. "We've been trying to think of the right kind of prank call to make to that asshole, and you just hit on it, man!"
"Here it is," said Tom, emerging from his room. He went to the phone closet -- rarely used anymore now that everyone had smartphones, but still functional and wonderfully anonymous -- and picked up the receiver. "You want to do it or should I, Tim?" he asked as he dialed the number.
"You go ahead," Tim said.
"Guys, it's past midnight!" James said.
"Precisely." Tom finished dialing and held the receiver up, and Tim and James could only just hear Professor Crofut's sleepy and deceptively gentle "Hello?"
"Have somecrackers, pal!" Tom grunted, and hung up the phone before their victim could hear him and Tim laughing uproariously.
Sarah was almost glad to be hung over the next morning. At least something hurt more than her heart did. By lunchtime her headache was gone, but she wasn't at all sure she'd be able to remain civil with Rosa. She loved Rosa dearly, but of all the friends who might steal Alan's affections away from her...but a date was a date, and she still wanted to know exactly what her friend had been thinking last night.
"What was I thinking?" Rosa repeated the question as if the answer were written on her forehead. "We were all thinking, Sarah, that the whole school considers us a bunch of freaks already. We just wanted to show them we were all just like them underneath."
"Well, not just like everyone else," Sarah couldn't resist. "You made quite an impression on my friends, you know."
"The same friends who'd openly treated me like a freak at lunch yesterday?" Rosa didn't want to give too much away just yet.
"I told you I was sorry."
"Did you?" Rosa asked. "Doesn't matter, anyway. You're not the one who insulted me. What are their names, anyway?"
"The nice one is James. Don't get any ideas, though. Last night, Mark and Alan told me they're pretty sure he's gay but maybe not out to himself. Which made perfect sense to me once they pointed it out. He always has been the kind of guy who seems to think he should've been a girl, or at least other guys think that about him."
"I thought of that, since he tried to avoid seeing my body," Rosa said. "But I really meant the other two."
"You did?!"
"Why should that be so surprising? Oh, you wouldn't understand, Sarah. I've heard enough of your stories of high school to know how well-adjusted you were. You don't know what it's like to sit at the losers' table and to wish just once that one of the popular guys would look your way. Well, last night, they did!"
"Yeah, I guess Mark and Alan were probably among the popular guys," admitted Sarah, though she knew nothing of their lives before Claxton (or, she reminded herself ruefully, not a whole lot about their livesatClaxton!). "But Rosa, you know how guys like that treated the girls they dated in high school?"
"Yes, but this isn't high school, is it?" Rosa asked. "They're older now."
"A little," Sarah admitted. "Oh, who am I kidding, I have a thing for guys like that, too. But I'm not about to tear my clothes off to get one!"
"Your loss!" Rosa said with a fearless laugh. "Sarah, you have no idea how liberating that was. And the bonding with the others...oh, it was beautiful, really."
"If you say so. I don't get it, Rosa, but if you're happy with yourself, good for you."
"I am," Rosa said. "Now, Alan and Mark, which one of them is the taller one with the curly hair?"
"Why?" Sarah held out one last hope that she was asking about Alan because she wanted to avoid him.
No such luck. "I want to ask him to Spring Forward," Rosa said. She let out a girlish giggle. "I've never asked a guy out before, but after last night I'm feeling a lot more empowered." She opened her backpack and pulled out a letter she'd written on the same fancy stationery Sarah recalled from freshman year. She had to be kidding!
"You want to ask him out by a written invitation?" Sarah said. "This isn't a Jane Austen novel, Rosa!"
"I was just thinking, it might be a little awkward, since he's seen me naked," Rosa said. "Besides, it's a romantic gesture. If he doesn't like it, he's probably not right for me anyway. Now, which one is he? Mark or Alan?"
It took every ounce of resolve Sarah had to keep from lying to her old friend. Somehow she just couldn't do that. "Alan," she said. "It's Alan. But I'm warning you, Rosa, he's immature and chauvinistic and --"
"And he looked at me like I was a goddess last night," Rosa said. "I liked it, all right? Besides, it's only one date."
"I just don't want to see you get hurt," Sarah said, though at that moment she wasn't at all sure about that.
"Let me worry about that," Rosa said. Sarah saw she had already written "Dear" with a space on the letter; now she set about to write "Alan" after it.
But Sarah grabbed at her hand. "Don't write his name," she said. "Alan has a big ego, he'll respond better if you puff him up. Put 'Dear Beefcake," or something like that."
"Beefcake?" Rosa was doubtful. "Isn't that a little...goofy?"
"He's seen you wearing cowboy boots and nothing else, Rosa. Goofy is okay."
Rosa laughed. "Eh, you're right. Dear Beefcake..." She folded the letter and drew an envelope out of her backpack, and sealed it. "Sarah, can I ask you for a favor?" She pushed the envelope across the table. "You're friends with Alan, can you give this to him?"
Sarah remembered last night's thought about April Fool's. Shecouldgive it to Alan, all right, but since it didn't have his real name on it, she could also give it to Mark. With a conciliatory smile she picked up the envelope. "All right, Rosa, but don't say I didn't warn you."
"Thanks." Rosa sounded almost absent-minded now, as her attention had been drawn to a sign taped to the table under the salt and pepper shakers. "Oh my God, Sarah, did you read this?"
Sarah looked over and read the sign.Whoever is putting milk in the salt shakers, STOP IT. It is not funny and YOU have ruined someone's meals.
Both women laughed in spite of themselves. "Okay, it isn't funny," Sarah said, "But it kind of is."
"I wonder who's doing it?" Rosa said.
"I have a pretty good idea," Sarah said. "These two guys on Alan's floor...well, I'll ask them after lunch when I drop this off."
"Sarah, thank you." Rosa's smile was so genuine and grateful that Sarah reconsidered her plan.
She reconsidered it, but she wasn't dissuaded. Not there at the lunch table, and not ten minutes later when Rosa hugged her goodbye outside Alan and James' dorm. "Thanks again, Sarah," she said. "I owe you one. Oh, have you got a date yet?"
Sarah shook her head. "Don't worry about me," she said. "Bye."
"Bye!" Rosa resumed her walk up the path. Just as she was walking past Camden Hall, the door opened and who should emerge but Sarah's third friend. James, the too-polite and probably-gay one. He smiled hello, and Rosa burst into laughter and turned away.
"Hey," James said.
Rosa only laughed harder and hoped her face wasn't turning red. It probably was.
"Hey, listen, I just wanted to tell you again how much I admire you," James said from behind her.
It wouldn't do to be rude, so Rosa looked over her shoulder. "Thanks!" she said. "You're sweet."
"I also wanted to apologize for how my buddies treated you yesterday."
"Thanks." This time Rosa didn't look back. "I'll see you later?"
"Not like I saw you before, I guess, but yeah." James chuckled.
Sarah laughed harder to keep from bursting with embarrassment -- how many other guys would now be treating her like a best friend when she barely even knew their names? -- and didn't look back.
James took the hint, and turned back to head for the library.
As she knocked on Alan's door, Sarah was still groping for an excuse for being there when she wasn't going to give him the invitation. She even thought of asking him to the dance herself, but then she recalled his heart was now set on Rosa.
Fortunately, he didn't answer his door. Figuring her mission was accomplished -- Rosa had seen her off, after all -- she turned her attention to Tom and Tim, who were working on yet another dirty song on their guitars. "Say, guys," she asked, leaning against the stairway doorjamb, "Did you guys do the saltshakers?"
"Do the saltshakers?" Tom asked.
"Is that a hot new dance?" Tim added, and he started strumming power chords. "Do the saltshaker! Saltshaker! Burn it up with your moneymaker!"
Sarah laughed. It felt good. Maybe she ought to ask one or both of them to the dance? But she didn't. Instead she explained, "There was this sign in the dining hall, 'Whoever is putting milk in the saltshakers, stop it! It is not funny and you have ruined someone's meals!'"
"Someone's meals?" Tom asked. "Plural?"
"There's some real Claxton brain power there," Tim said. "What did they expect to happen the second time?" He held up his hand like an imaginary saltshaker. "Well, here's my fresh meal, I still want some salt...gosh darnit, it happened again? How'd that happen?!" He and Tom both laughed so hard they had to lie down. Were they drunk at one o'clock in the afternoon?
"No, it isn't ours," Tom said. "But we're totally gonna use that!"
Holly Warner, a sophomore from Alan and James' end of the floor, had overheard the exchange. "Did you mean was the sign theirs or were they the ones putting milk in the saltshakers?" she asked Sarah.
"The sign," Sarah said. "But now that you mention it..."
Holly looked over at the pair, who were finally regaining their composure. "I guess if you've got to flame out..."
"I'm almost jealous," Sarah admitted.
She knocked on James' door, thinking she might be able to pump him for information about Alan. He wasn't home, so she left a note on his dry-erase board and turned to go. "So long, Tom," she said, as Tim was busy in the phone closet.
Tom sang, "Goodbye!" and played a blues riff on his guitar, and Sarah stepped out into the stairwell just in time to hear Tim's own sendoff from the phone closet: "Have somecrackers, pal!"
Rosa spent about half an hour at her desk before she concluded that she'd never be able to concentrate there for now. She was just feeling too restless, with her invitation to Alan outstanding. Though acutely aware that she'd be getting a lot more looks like she'd just gotten from James, Rosa packed up her backpack and set off for the student union.
She did get a few funny looks on the way, sometimes from people she didn't recall seeing last night, but she still felt more empowered than embarrassed as she stepped into the union. The older, hard-of-hearing woman at the counter certainly hadn't seen her last night, so Rosa was comfortable as she ordered a coffee and a bagel, remembering not to say "please" as the poor lady tended to mistake that for "cheese". She did not want cheese on her bagel!
Rosa had only been squared away in her favorite booth, munching and practicing Spanish verb tenses, for five minutes or so before she was aware of someone standing over her. "Hello there," he said.
Rosa looked up, and felt her heart in her throat -- it was Alan! "Well, hello!" she said, managing a smile through her embarrassment. "How are you?"
"Wonderful, thanks, and thanks for the show last night. You were beautiful, you know." He helped himself to the seat across the table, with that confidence-cum-arrogance Rosa had always known in guys like him. "I hope it's okay to say that."
"Of course it's okay, and thanks!" Rosa said. "It's such an odd feeling, knowing half the campus has seen me naked, but it's...fun. Delicious, almost!"
"I like your attitude, Rosa," Alan said. "And your body, if I'm brutally honest."
"I'm glad you are!" Rosa felt the first telltale hints of dampness in her panties. But what about her invitation? "So..."
"So indeed. Rosa, I shouldn't beat around the bush. Especially not a beautiful and magnificent bush like yours. Would you go to Spring Forward with me?"
"Well..." Rosa was confused -- had he received her invitation or not? It hadn't been long, but she had seen Sarah go into his dorm...oh, it didn't matter. If he hadn't, they would just have a good laugh about it later. If he had, well, he was a guy, he just had to be the one to ask! "Yes, Alan, I'd love to!"
"Great!" Alan stood back up, and leaned over Rosa to kiss her. She presented her cheek, and felt sparks when his lips touched it. "We're having a pre-dance party on my floor, with Sarah and the guys. I'll give you all the details when I've got them, all right?"
"Yes, please!" Rosa said. Must thank Sarah profusely, she reminded herself.
At that very moment, though, Sarah was at Mark's door. Since James and Alan weren't home, Sarah had a feeling they'd all be out together somewhere -- maybe in town for lunch? But to her surprise, Mark answered the door. "Hi, Sarah," he said. "How's the hangover?"
"Surprisingly good," she said. "And yours?"
"Only woke up an hour ago, but I felt fine," he said. "Guess I slept it all off for once."
"Good for you," she said. "Listen..." she'd been holding the invitation behind her back, and now she presented it to Mark. "From Rosa. You guys made a wonderful impression on her last night."
"The feeling is mutual!" Mark said, taking the envelope without any sort of thank-you. "I mean, she's beautiful underneath it all. Who knew?" He opened the envelope and read the note "'Dear Beefcake...' Well, that's thoughtful of her. Wait a minute...she's asking me to Spring Forward?"
"She really loved the way you guys admired her," Sarah said. "But look, Mark, she's my best friend, and if you hurt her..."
"What're you gonna do, Sarah, sic the football team on me? I can just guess how you'd get them to do that."
"You jerk!" But privately Sarah was delighted with Mark's response -- just the kind of attitude she wanted to sic on Rosa just then.
"Oh, you know I'm only kidding," Mark said, though Sarah didn't know that at all. "But Rosa's a big girl -- a woman, really, in every sense of the word, as we all saw last night -- and she doesn't need your help, all right?"
"She needed my help getting the invitation to you."
"And for that, I'm sure I speak for us both when I say thank you," Mark said. "Now if you'll excuse me, I've got to go find Rosa! Where's she live?"
"Lawton Hall, third floor," Sarah said. "Congratulations." She couldn't hide her smirk as Mark thanked her and turned back inside to get his shoes on.
He rushed off to Lawton Hall with wings on his feet, and had no trouble finding the door with the artsy, feminine decorations all over the place. But she wasn't there. Mark stopped to think where else he might find her. The dining halls? Lunch was over. The library? Quite possible, but too big to be the first place to look. The student union? He'd seen her there a time or two with her nerdy friends, and here it was Saturday afternoon -- the perfect time for some silly group meeting.
As he stepped into the crowded grill, he saw her perched in a booth in the corner and talking to the guy with the big beard whom Mark recognized from the Corner Table. She looked happy, anyway. Very happy. Anticipation, he mused, hoping he would say yes. How much happier she was about to be! But it wouldn't do to accept her invitation with her friend right there, so he took a detour to the counter and asked for "A grilled bagel and an orange juice, please."
"You want a grilled bagel with American cheese, is that what you said?" The woman behind the counter asked.
He had his order straightened out and delivered in plenty of time for the guy with the beard to finally get lost. As soon as he was safely away, Mark drank down the last of his juice and stood up, and was grinning ear to ear as he approached Rosa. "Hi there!" he said.
"Oh, hi!" Rosa said, setting her Spanish textbook down, more than happy to make the acquaintance of her date's friends. "Mark, right?"
"Right, and thank you for the letter!" he said, squeezing in beside Rosa on her side of the booth.
The letter?
But Rosa had no time to ask what he meant, as he put his arm around her and looked dangerously like he intended to kiss her. He didn't, but he said, "And yes, I'd love to take you to the dance!"
"You would?"
"I would!" Now he did kiss her sloppily on the cheek. "My two buddies, the ones you saw me with last night, we're having a party on their floor before the dance. I'll come by your room about eight, and we'll make our entrance together, what do you say?"
"I..." Rosa was bewildered, and the words wouldn't come at all.
"Wonderful." Mark got up. "Well, I'm off to the gym. I want to still be your beefcake next week, don't I? See you soon, Rosa!" With his well-honed flirtation technique, rarely failed since junior high, he blew her a kiss and was off without another look, letting her admire his butt to her heart's content.
Rosa did look at his retreating backside, but it wasn't in any sort of appreciation. What on earth had just happened? Had Sarah forgotten which of her friends the invitation was for?! Rosa got her phone out of her purse and texted her friend.You gave it to Mark? Why? Didn't you hear me say Alan?
Sarah didn't hear her phone buzz when the message came through. Her mission accomplished, she'd gone off to the phys ed building for a swim. When she got out of the pool an hour later and retrieved her purse from the locker room, there were three text messages waiting, each one more upset-sounding than the last. Sarah read them, but didn't answer them. She hadn't yet decided on a response yet, though she knew there would have to be one.
Was it really so bad for Rosa? Sarah mused about that as she got dressed and headed back to Camden Hall. She could think of worse fates than having two cute guys to choose from, especially if she were a nerd like Rosa who'd probably never had even one guy as cute as Alan after her, never mind two. Sure, someone would be hurt, but Mark and Alan had surely never cared about that with the girls they'd messed with before. Besides, if Rosa was going to put herself out there the way she had last night, it was best she learned to fight off a guy or two.
Besides, if Mark had accepted the invitation -- as Sarah figured he must have -- that would leave Alan back on the market!
With that possibility on her mind, Sarah decided to visit James and see if he wanted to do another French practice session. If Alan happened to be home, too, well then! Back in her room, she put in two hours on her other courses, and ignored the two calls on her mobile from Rosa, and toyed with changing into something sexy. That seemed a bit too much, and she left her sweatshirt and jeans on for the walk over to James' dorm.
She arrived on his floor to find him and Alan laughing at the bulletin board. "Sarah!" Alan said, looking so happy to see her it was almost embarrassing. "Tom and Tim did it again!" He pointed at a sign on the board, and Sarah read it.
Whoever is putting milk in the KY jelly, STOP IT. It is not funny and YOU have ruined someone's evenings!
"Should've known," Sarah said.
"What do you mean?" James asked.
"Nothing," Sarah said. "Listen, I came by to see, do you want to do another run-through for French?"
"Wouldn't hurt," James said. "Then Alan and I are going to that Chinese place in town for dinner. Want to come?"
"Sure!" Sarah said. "What's the occasion?"
"Surprised you haven't heard already," Alan said. "Got a date for Spring Forward, and it's someone I think I probably had a lot of competition for."
"Why would I have heard about that?" Sarah asked.
"It's your friend, Sarah! Rosa. The nudist." Alan opened his room door. "Five-thirty for dinner?" he asked James. "That ought to be enough time for me to finish my bio lab report."
"See you then," Alan agreed. "Shall we?" he asked Sarah.
"Yeah." Sarah remembered to smile through her confusion and disappointment, and followed James to his room. But as soon as they were inside with the door shut, she asked, "How'd he end up with Rosa?"
"He asked her," James said. "Wish I'd learned how to put it out there like that."
"He asked her," Sarah repeated. "Today?"
"Yeah, he happened to run into her at the student union. Right after lunch. And I know what you're thinking, Sarah, last night they ogled her like a piece of meat. I agree, but she said yes."
"I'll bet she did," Sarah grumbled.
"What do you mean?"
Sarah shook her head and the word "nothing" formed on her lips. But Alan and Mark's best friend was bound to find out anyway. Might as well get ahead of the rumor. "I tried to set her up with Mark," she said. "I hope there are no hard feelings."
"Oh, man!" James chuckled. "I have a feeling there will be!"
"How's Mark taken it?" Sarah asked.
"Haven't seen him all day," James said. "But I guarantee we'll be hearing all about it." Then he remembered. "Oh, wait a minute, Sarah -- I forgot! I'm sorry!"
"Yeah, well, if Alan doesn't want me, I sure don't want him." Sarah smiled ruefully and plopped down on James' bed. "And hey, there's still a week to find a date."
"Well, you know," James said with that shy smile Sarah knew so well. "I've really enjoyed working with you..."
"Then let's get to work," Sarah said with as much finality in her voice as she could muster. If she couldn't have Alan, she certainly didn't want his friends, and she had no desire to be a beard for a man who probably wasn't even out to himself.
James took the hint and picked up his French book without another word.
They were about ten minutes into their practice when Sarah's phone rang. "Rosa," she said, looking at the screen. "I guess I can't put this off forever." She slid her finger across the screen. "Hello?"
"Sarah, how could you?!"
"Calm down, Rosa, you said no to Mark, didn't you?"
"How could I, when he thought I'd asked him?!"
Sarah couldn't help smirking. Naturally her dear friend didn't have it in her to say no to a guy who was saying yes, just as she had hoped. "Rosa, he's a guy! He's used to women saying no, they all are!"
James turned away and looked out the window, not wanting Sarah to see the look on his face in response to that.
Not that Sarah was paying him any attention. She was pretending to be concerned for Rosa, who was almost crying from the sound of it. "He didn't even give me time to say no, and how could I when he thought I'd written that nice note for him? I couldn't just say, oh, that was for your friend! How would you like it if someone did that to you?"
"Guys have done worse," Sarah said. "Besides, I heard Alan really did ask you anyway?"
"He did, and then after that Mark turned up! Now they both think I'm going with them!"
"Then you get your pick, Rosa! It's a woman's prerogative, everyone knows that! Welcome to the good side of being the fairer sex."
"Oh, would you stop it already?! I know this was no accident, Sarah! Why? You know you heard me say Alan, not Mark!"
"Don't you remember psych 101, Rosa?" Sarah chirped. "People think they remember things all the time that they never really heard."
"They're your friends! You wouldn't get the name wrong, especially just a few minutes later! Please, Sarah, at least be honest with me about this! Why?!"
"Oh, if you insist," Sarah said. "It's a few days early, but happy April Fool's Day."
"You bitch!" Rosa hung up.
"Wow," Sarah said, putting her phone back in her purse. "Some people just can't take a joke."
"It was an awfully mean joke," James said.
"Mean, nothing. Rosa's got her pick of guys now. She ought to be thanking me!"
"Sexist much?"
"Sexism implies power over -"
"Oh, grow up!" James snapped. "Let's just finish our homework, all right?"
"Sure," Sarah said. "But I still say it's not sexist."
"I remember Psych 101 too," James said. "You can rationalize anything, but that doesn't make it right."
James had calmed down by the time Alan knocked on his door at half past five. Nevertheless, he welcomed the knowledge that Sarah was still pining for his friend as they got their coats on to head into town. "No offense, guys, but I've been thinking I might take Rosa for dinner in town the night of the dance," he said. "We'll still come for the party, of course, but I won't be around to help set up or anything."
"No problem, we can do that," James said. "Right, Sarah?"
"Am I even invited to the party?" Sarah asked as she stepped out into the hallway, where she saw Tim and Tom had returned from their rare absence and were playing cards.
"Everybody's invited to our party," Tom said, looking up at her. "By the way, did you see our sign?"
"Yeah," Sarah said. "Brilliant."
"You don't sound like you mean it," Tim said. "I thought our interpretation was outstanding, if I do say so myself."
"Yeah, yeah," Sarah said. "It's hilarious. I've just got a lot on my mind."
"Like Chinese food!" Alan said, whacking Sarah on the behind as he opened the stairway door. "Let's go, troops!"
"Chinese does sound pretty good," Tim said as soon as they were gone.
"They don't deliver and I don't feel like going into town," Tom said. Then he laughed. "You know who does deliver?"
"Pizza, of course, but I'm not sure if I've got any cash," Tim said.
"No problem," Tom said. "I've got an idea."
"An idea for free pizza?"
"Yeah!" Tom laughed so hard it took him a moment to say anything. "Look, Alan and James are gone, they won't be back for a while..."
"Dude, I'm not stealing from anyone!" Tim said. "Especially not our floormates. They're good guys, even if they are a little square."
"No, dude, I'm not talkin' about breaking into their rooms!" Tom got up and tried opening James' door. "Yep, it's locked. So here's what we do. We order a pizza and have it delivered to James. When the delivery boy gets here, we hide out in my room while he knocks on the door."
"And then what?" Tim was skeptical.
"And then he knocks on the door, but James doesn't answer 'cause he's in town. No matter how many times the kid knocks, there'll be no answer. Sooner or later the kid'll get so frustrated he'll just chuck the pizza down on the floor and run!" He waved his arms around. "AIEEEIAYEEEE! Then we go out and get the pizza once the coast is clear!"
Tom and Tim were still rolling around on the floor in fits of laughter when Liz and Cindy, freshmen from the other end of the floor, came in from the stairs. "Guys," Cindy said. "Next time you smoke up, can I join you? This stuff must be the best!"
Rosa had hoped her soulmates would have some ideas for a way out of her conundrum. But as soon as she'd broken the news at the Corner Table, she was already kicking herself for thinking they would know anything about being that popular.
Indeed, they were worse than useless. "I don't see the problem, Rosa," Paul chirped. "I mean two of the beautiful people out there want to take you to the dance? Poor you!"
"Yeah, that's still only two of the three holes to fill!" added Nick.
"Not cool, honey," Paul admonished. "What part of Claxton political correctness didn't you learn?"
"I thought it was pretty funny," Patricia said. "You know, Rosa, I don't have a date. You could offer to have one of them take me instead."
"But which one? And I doubt either of them would be happy with that," Rosa said. "No offense, but they asked me because they want to go with me, not my friends."
"She was joking, Rosa," Keith admonished.
"No, I wasn't," Patricia said.
"You never go to Spring Forward anyway!" Moose reminded her.
"This time I have decided to go," Patricia said. "I even bought a dress. Secondhand, but it's beautiful. I'd like to be seen with someone in it.
That at least brought an idea to Rosa's mind. "You know, Alan and Mark have a friend who might be interested. In fact..." She smiled with relief. "I know. We could all go as a group, the five of us, and Mark and Alan can both think they're my date and the other's just along for the ride!"
"Are you out of your mind, Rosa?" Moose asked. "Alan and Mark are best friends. You really think they're not going to tell each other who their date is?"
"Men never communicate," Paul sniffed.
"Hadn't even thought of that!" Rosa said, ignoring Paul along with the rest of the table. "When they do find out, probably neither one will want anything to do with me..."
"Baloney," Keith said. "Couple of alpha-males like that, they're both going to want to be the one who won. If either one backs down, the other'll be all over you, Rosa."
In spite of herself, Rosa liked that idea quite a lot. She hastily crossed her legs to cope with the pleasant tickle she felt between them. Maybe she could cope with her problem for a while yet, at the very least until the next time she was alone in her room.
Unbeknownst to her friend, Sarah was busy trying to make sure Alan and Mark didn't learn anything. "Alan, I've got to say," she admonished him over her lemon chicken at the Chinese restaurant, "I don't think Mark would understand about you dating someone from the Corner Table. I don't think you should tell him."
"Oh, he'd understand!" Alan replied. "Come on, Sarah, you heard him last night, just as smitten as I was."
"Yeah, but you weren't talking about dating her, just...you know, drooling over her you-know-what," Sarah reminded him.
"Even a couple of dreamboats like us have to date a girl before we can..." He dropped his voice to a whisper "fuck 'em." Then he grinned. "No, believe me, Mark'll be eating his heart out. Especially when he thinks of what I'll be eating out after the dance!"
James laughed so hard he nearly choked on his beef and broccoli. Sarah slapped him in the head but that didn't stop him from shaking with laughter. "You neanderthal," she said to Alan, doing her best to forget how she'd imagined him doing just that to her next week. "But look at it this way, do you really want to hurt your friend that way?"
"He'd sure as heck rub my nose in it if the shoe were on the other foot!" Alan said.
"That's right, he would," said James, who of course knew what Sarah was up to. "Don't worry, Sarah, these two will be best buds again as soon as Alan moves on to the next gal."
"I don't know about that," Alan said, paying no mind to the dirty look Sarah was giving James. "Man, if Mark really was feeling just what I was when we saw Rosa...if I were in his shoes, I'd never forgive him."
"Then don't you think you should keep it to yourself?" Sarah asked.
"He's gonna find out sooner or later," James countered. "Sooner he learns, the sooner he gets over it."
"At least let him find another date for the dance first," Sarah said.
"That's a good idea," Alan admitted. "I'm not sure even that'd help, but..."
"Then maybe you shouldn't tell him at all," Sarah offered. "He'll see you with her at the dance and think you're just giving a nerd a sympathy dance."
"No, he'll see them together at our party," James reminded her.
"Then let him think she's there as my friend!" Sarah was finding it harder by the second to hide her irritation at James -- was this because she'd dissuaded him from asking her? Maybe if she offered to be his date after all he would hold his tongue?
"That's an idea," Alan said. "Yeah, okay, let Mark think she's just there with you. Let's try it."
"Then Mark will want to know where your date is," James said.
"I just won't tell him I've got a date," Alan said. "He wouldn't tell me whether he had one or not either, after all."
"Good for you, Alan." Sarah couldn't resist a victorious smirk at James, whom she would not be asking to the dance after all.
James didn't want to see either of his friends get hurt. But he was morbidly curious as to whether Sarah's desperate ploy might actually work, and he was a bit hurt himself at the way Rosa had pushed him away outside Camden Hall. So he decided not to spill the beans next time he saw Mark, at lunch on Monday.
He soon found out Mark was playing along anyway. "You'll never guess who asked me to Spring Forward," he said as soon as James had sat down at his otherwise-empty table. "Rosa!"
"Rosa from the Corner Table?" James did his best to sound surprised.
Evidently he succeeded, for Mark nodded enthusiastically as he swallowed his coffee. "She sent me a written note, like something out of an old time movie, you know? And she called me 'Beefcake'. Can you imagine having a body that beautiful and calling a guy that? Of course I couldn't say no."
"Can't imagine you'd want to," James said. "I'm jealous," he added, figuring a touch of honesty among them wouldn't hurt right then.
"You are?" Mark's surprise was real.
"I saw what you saw," James reminded him. "And she's beautiful! And brave, as I said."
"Right, but...yeah, whatever." Mark reminded himself how he and Alan had always vowed to respect James' privacy, but why pretend after all this time? "Anyway, speaking of jealous, can I ask you a favor?"
"I won't try to butt in on your date," James said. "In fact, Rosa seemed to be a little put off by the way I treated her Friday night."
"Really? Sorry to hear that, but that's not what I meant. Look, I don't want Alan to know I'm going with Rosa."
"You don't?" Now James' surprise was real.
"I don't," Mark said. "I was talking to Sarah about it yesterday, and she said first of all, we're buddies and we shouldn't let a girl come between us, and also it might end up hurting Rosa if she learns we're fighting over her. Sarah may be a hypersensitive feminist whiner, but she's got a point, you know? So what we're going to do is let Alan think at our party, she's just there with Sarah. I'll dance with her at the dance, of course, but I'll let Alan dance with her too. He doesn't need to know."
"I take it you won't be going home with her after the dance, then," James said. "You can't really fake that, can you?"
"That's none of your business or Alan's, dude."
"True enough." James decided to let it go. "I wonder who Sarah's going with?"
"Don't know, don't care," Mark said. "No offense, but I don't like Sarah much. She's kind of cute, but the way she talks about Rosa is kind of condescending, you know? And here Rosa's the one brave enough to prance around naked in public! I can't imagine Sarah doing that."
"Me neither." James was himself growing less fond of her by the minute.
He did, though, have the French oral exam to take with her on Tuesday. It went well -- for James. Sarah flubbed a number of her lines and mangled a few verb tenses here and there. Though that made it a bit more challenging for James to get his part right, it also made it all the more satisfying when he did hit all the right notes. "Well, that wastrs bien," he declared as they left Professor Lespere's office.
"It was?" Sarah knew she'd blown it. "You practiced more without me, didn't you?"
"There was nothing stopping you from practicing on your own," James said.
"But I thought we were partners," Sarah whined.
"So did I," James said. "But this April Fool's joke of yours, Sarah..."
"That's none of your business!"
"It's my two best friends, and one of yours, too!"
"Mark and Alan don't need your help, James. I do hope you're not going to meddle and tell them about each other."
"I'm not," James said. "But aren't you worried about what this'll do to Rosa?"
"She could fix the problem herself by telling one or the other of them she's changed her mind," Sara said. "I can't help it if she can't say no. Now, can you help me with studying for the written exam, Mister Franais?"
James felt like showing Sarah one of her friends could in fact say no at that moment. But he felt sorry for her after her poor performance on the oral exam, and let her talk him into splitting a grilled cheese at the student union.
They were deep into making sense of the subjunctive when James was aware of the dirty look they were getting from the lounge table by the front window. Rosa. He could hardly blame her for keeping her distance, and remembering the way she'd pushed him away the last time he'd seen her, he welcomed that.
But she did look cute as ever in a peasant dress and Chuck Taylors, a combination that worked against all odds. And James thought he detected a fleeting smile when they made eye contact. But clearly she wanted nothing to do with Sarah, and James couldn't blame her for that.
When Sarah had polished off her half of their sandwich and wrapped her mind around the subjunctive a bit better, she got up. "Thanks for the help," she said to James as she picked her coat up off the seat. As she was putting it on, she spotted Rosa for the first time. "Guess I'd better go mend fences over there," she said.
"Good luck with that," James chuckled, his tone making it clear he believed she would need it.
"Oh, look, James, it's different with girlfriends. Sisters before misters. We'll be fine."
"If you say so." James didn't look up from the Beaudelaire poem he was on to trying to make sense of.
Of course he darted a nosy eye or two across the room as Sarah approached her old friend. He didn't bother trying to make out anything they said to one another from across the noisy room, but he was able to tell Sarah's prediction had been wildly optimistic. The last time he dared look their way, Rosa had taken to reading her book and ignoring Sarah, who nevertheless was still trying to chat her up. He was pleased to see Sarah give up and walk off before long at all.
Once the coast was clear, James felt like going over there to offer his condolences and let Rosa know he was on her side. But he remembered the cool reception he'd gotten last time, and stuck with Beaudelaire. He did such a good job of burying his nose in the book that he didn't even notice when Rosa approached him, and wasn't aware of her until she said, "Hi, can I join you?"
James' heart leapt. "Hi! Uh, yeah, of course!" As she settled herself across the table from him, he went on, "Listen, if I came on too strong the other day --"
"No, my apologies to you!" Rosa said. "I was just still so full of morning-after awareness, you know, when I don't even know who's seen me naked, and I really didn't know what to make of it all!"
"I can only imagine," James said. "But I meant everything I said."
"That's sweet, thank you! But can you tell me, what do you know about Sarah's April Fool's trick with your friends?"
"I had nothing to do with that, and I'm furious with her," James said. "I promise. But yeah, I do know about it and I know why she did it. She's jealous because she wanted Alan to ask her."
"Really!" Rosa's surprise was as absolute as it was genuine. Then she smiled in spite of her dilemma. "Of all the things I never thought I'd see at Claxton, having a guy like Alan prefer me to her was..."
"Top of the list?" James offered.
"Off the charts!" Rosa said. "She was always the sexy one, I was the nerd."
"I know what that's like," James said. "But for what it's worth, Alan really isn't much of a catch. Neither is Mark. The way they treated you that day at the dining hall, that's who they really are. Not the obsequious fools who fell in love with you because of your..." He stopped short and hoped against hope she wouldn't make him complete the sentence.
No such luck. "My what?" She grinned. "Come on, James, you've seen me naked, you can tell me anything."
"I guess that's fair." James looked around furtively to see if they were out of earshot of anyone else. He couldn't be sure of that. "There's a part of your body that they were very attracted to." Then he confessed, "And I have to admit, so was I. I wish bikini waxing would go out of style already."
He feared Rosa might take offense, but she looked more amused than anything. "That's what they like? And here I always feel like a freak of nature because of that."
"No!" James said. "Natural is beautiful. But if I'm honest, I never imagined Alan and Mark would agree with me about that. But they did." She reached over and squeezed James' hand affectionately. "Thanks for being so open about that. Now maybe you can help me -- which one of them should I break it off with?"
"Can't help you there," James said. "Only you know what's right for you."
"But they're your friends. You know which one will take it better than the other one."
"Neither of them will, Rosa. Especially not if you decide to go out with the other one again after the dance."
"I was afraid of that," Rosa sighed. "I was just hoping you might have a clue to help with my choice."
"If I could think of one that would avoid anyone getting hurt, I'd tell you," James said. "But I don't think there is any way to avoid that."
"That's what everyone keeps telling me," Rosa said. "I guess they're right. By the way, on a brighter note, who're you taking to the dance?"
"No one," James said. "I was thinking of asking Sarah, but she made it clear her answer'd be no if I did."
"Her loss, not yours," Rosa said. She took her purse up from the table and slid out. "Thanks for listening, anyway," she said.
"If you want to talk about it again, you're always welcome in my room," James said. "Across the way from Alan's."
"Thanks," Rosa said. "I might take you up on that!"
James couldn't decide whether he wanted that to happen or not. But he didn't make any effort to avoid watching her dress flow gracefully around her legs as she walked away.
That night in her bed, Rosa was no closer to a decision as to which one she should break it off with. But the news from James had her as worked up as she was worried, and after feeling only worried for days, she welcomed the diversion.
Especially since in her imagination, there was no need to choose.
Alan and Mark stood side by side, both naked and hard, as Rosa walked in to the room swathed in a lacy bathrobe. "Hi, boys," she purred, and she was confidence itself as she pulled the sash and tore the robe off with a champion's flair. "Enjoying the view?"
"And how!" said one or the other, or maybe it was both. All four of their eyes fixated intensely on her bush, and she welcomed the attention with a light pat on it with her hand.
"You're not going to only admire it, are you?"
"Course not, but it is ever so beautiful!" Once again she didn't know which one said it, nor did she care. She also didn't care that they both seemed to have James' personality rather than their own. What if Sarah was wrong about James and he was straight? But the last thing Rosa needed right then was a third guy to choose from.
So she put James from her mind and imagined Alan and Mark. Interchangeably in her imagination, one of them stroked her sides and kissed her breasts, the other dove in and ate her pussy with utter aplomb. Four hands, two mouths, and Rosa was a ball of utter joy even as she had only her own two hands to work herself into a lather. As they both did just that, she spread her legs as wide as they could go and imagined adoring looks and fingers and tongues, inside and out. Her own fingers more than did their job as she imagined gentle kisses and caresses and tickles all over her body. Whichever one of them she did end up in bed with on Saturday, at least there was plenty of passion to look forward to.
On her own, she felt a wonderful foretaste of that passion as she brought herself off to an intense orgasm, and even yelped out loud as it washed over her. Of course, no sooner had it passed than Rosa once again found herself worrying about whose heart she should break and whether the one she chose would resent her. Maybe Sarah could explain it to them! But right then it almost seemed worth it to have them both lusting after her. Almost.
Alan had two of his five papers done by lunchtime on Friday. He happily rubbed out the 5 and wrote in a 3 on his "NO FEAR" sign as he locked his room to head off to turn the second paper in.
"You ought to change the two weeks to one," Tom noted from the floor.
"Eh, you're right." Alan made that change as well.
"So you're actually gonna do all that work?" Tim added. "I still think you should join us."
"Feel free to talk to my dad about that," Alan said. Just as he was capping his dry-erase pen, the stairway door opened and Alan's heart leapt as Rosa stepped in. "Why, is that my date?" he drawled in his most flirtatious voice.
"It is!" Rosa smiled through her guilt and hugged her books like a schoolgirl, and nodded hello to Tim and Tom, whom she remembered seeing on her big night. "How are you?"
"Wonderful," Rosa lied. "Listen, this pre-dance party of yours, if you need any help setting up for it..."
"Well, I was hoping to weasel out of that so you and I could go get an early dinner in town," Alan said.
"Sure you were, Alan!" said Tim.
"You romantic you!" added Tom.
"Oh, that's sweet, Alan," Rosa said. "But I have...a prior commitment tomorrow afternoon. A group project, and it might keep me busy right up to dinnertime. That's why I was thinking we could just meet here? And I am happy to help with the party."
"I'm sorry to hear that," Alan said. "You know, if it were me, I'd just sweet talk the guys in your group into doing the work for you. Aren't all girls supposed to be really good at that kind of thing?"
"Alan, that's a horrible thing to say!" Rosa was tempted to spill the beans then and there, only she remembered Mark was just as bad in that regard.
"She's right, man," Tom said. "Even Tim and I ain't that bad."
"No, you guys just wouldn't do the work at all!" Alan shot back. "Don't listen to them, Rosa."
"You're lucky you're so cute, Alan," Rosa said. It felt good to at least be able to say one thing that was absolutely true. "Look, I'm sorry, but I can't get out of that meeting. Let's say I come by here at seven tomorrow?"
"If that's the best I can get," Alan said. "See you then." He helped himself to a kiss, and Rosa more than willingly let him. To both of their surprise, Tom and Tim didn't make a big deal of it.
Alan didn't seem to wonder why Rosa didn't leave the floor once he was gone. Tom and Tim did. "It was him you were here to see, wasn't it?" Tom asked.
"Not just him." Rosa looked over her shoulder at James' door. "Is James here?"
"Haven't seen him since breakfast," Tim said.
"You don't want a third date to Spring Forward, do you?" Tom added.
Rosa cringed. "God, does everybody know my business?"
"Mark and Alan don't," Tim said. "Only thing more pathetic than the two of us is how clueless they both are about the whole thing!" Tom laughed, and Rosa couldn't help but join in. "Want to hang out here until he shows up?"
"Yeah, sure." Rosa slid down the wall, absentmindedly spreading her legs and remembering just in time that she was in a skirt. But even as she drew her legs back together, she burst into laughter. "Oh, wait, nothing you guys haven't seen there, huh?"
"You look goodwithclothes on, too, by the way," Tim quipped. "No wonder you've got both those guys eating out of your hand."
"Thanks," Rosa said. "But what am I supposed to do, guys?"
"You're supposed to make up your mind," Tom said.
"Go ahead with your punchline," Rosa said, forcing a smile.
"There isn't one," Tom said. "Look, it sucks what Sarah did to you, but that's no excuse to string them both along."
"Yeah, one way or another they're gonna find out, sooner or later," Tim said. "If nothing else, knowing those guys, they're both gonna want to take you home after the dance."
"And if you were planning to ask James what to do, I'm pretty sure he'd tell you the same," Tom added.
"He already has," Rosa said. "I guess I was hoping he'd have some clue about which one I should choose. Even though he already told me he wouldn't. He said it's up to me."
"It is," Tim said. "Listen, I know you're expecting everything we say to be a joke, but I'll say one thing about sitting out here all day for all this time. We see a lot of bullshit. I'm really sorry you got mixed up in so much of it, but if you're thinking of playing some kind of game like in a romcom where you can lead them both on, forget it. Sorry, but you'll just have to put on your big girl panties."
"Even if we do all know how beautiful you are without them," added Tom.
Rosa laughed. "I deserved that. Yeah. Okay." She stood up. "Gotta do what I gotta do. I just wish someone would give me an answer, even if I know they can't."
"Yeah, well, you can always try my favorite answer," Tom said. "I'm planning to use it on all my exams, actually."
"What's that?" Rosa asked.
"Chocolate pie!"
Both men dissolved into the laughter all their floormates had come to know so well, and Rosa joined in. "Right, brilliant answer," she said.
By the end of her last class that afternoon, Rosa had made up her mind. Alan was chauvinistic, but so was Mark. Alan was the one who'd first caught her eye with those curls, and he had actually asked her as opposed to just thinking she had asked him. Funny how it seemed so easy once she'd arrived at a decision. Mark would be hurt, of course, but Rosa would explain everything and he could be angry at Sarah rather than herself. Which was all Sarah deserved and then some.
Halfway back to her dorm, she heard someone running up behind her. She turned to see James. "Hey, Rosa!" he said. "I heard you were looking for me?"
"I was," Rosa said. "But listen, I've reached a decision."
"Oh, good!" James said. "I'm glad to hear that."
"Do you want to know which one I've chosen?"
"I'll find out tomorrow, won't I? Don't tell me now, all right? Those two can read me like a book, they'll know if I'm feeling sorry for one of them."
"That's really thoughtful of you, James," she said.
"Yeah, well, they're a couple of little boys, but they're my friends all the same," James said.
"I hope I haven't spoiled your party before it even begins, though," Rosa said. "I have a feeling one of them won't want to be there."
"It's not your fault," James said. "It's Sarah's. Of course, the one you don't choose might want to come to the party just to tell Sarah what he thinks of her!"
"God, I'd pay good money to see that," Rosa said.
"You and me both," James agreed, drawing to a stop as they came to the pathway to the library. "Listen, I'm headed over there to return some books," he said. "But, um..." He grinned and looked at the ground like a shy little kid. "Save me a dance tomorrow night?"
"Of course!" Rosa wanted to hug him, but he was already off towards the library. "James, thanks!"
"See you at the party!" he called over his shoulder.
Rosa felt just a bit stronger. Though she still wasn't looking forward to breaking the bad news to Mark, she was feeling better than she'd felt all week. Even the sun seemed to be shining just a bit brighter as she approached Lawton Hall.
Her sense of contentment and resolve lasted exactly as long as it took to climb the stairs to her floor. As she stepped into her hallway, she saw it but she didn't believe it. A trail of pink and red rose petals on the floor, leading to her door. Seated by the door, in a chair he'd found somewhere, was Mark. He was holding a rose in each hand, one of each color. "Sarah told me she wasn't sure if red or pink were your favorites," he said. "So I figured why not both?"
"Oh, Mark..." Rosa felt like crying. But she smiled through her angst. "They're beautiful!"
"As are you, my dear," Mark said. "Just a taste of what tomorrow night will be like," he said. "Oh, and speaking of taste..." He handed the roses to her and reached back to unzip his backpack, and presented her with a box of chocolate covered almonds. "Sarah said these were your favorite snack, freshman year."
"They still are." Now the tears did come, as she looked at the box.
Mark misinterpreted them. "Wow, I don't think I've ever made a girl cry before -- not for the right reasons, anyway." He laughed a bit at his joke, then stopped when she didn't respond in kind. "And they tell me I'm not a sensitive guy," he went on. "Guess I'll never be as sensitive as a girl, but who is?"
"Oh, quit while you're ahead," Rosa said, having regained a modicum of control.
"Right, of course," Mark said. "I tried writing you a poem about how much I liked your body, but..."
"Thank you for not doing that, Mark."
"Right. Anyway, I just wanted to let you know how happy I'll be to have you on my arm tomorrow. Can I have a kiss?"
Once again Rosa wanted to say no, but once again she remembered how she'd been literally dreaming of his kisses. At least that would be a nice memory for them both, no matter what.
When he finally pulled back, Mark said, "So, how about an early dinner tomorrow? Then we can be fashionably late at the party."
"I have a group project," Rosa repeated, thanking heavens her friends had chosen such an inconvenient time. "I already told James and them I'd help with the party once that's done. So let's just meet there?"
"That's not very romantic."
"I think you've taken care of the romantic part of it already, Mark." Rosa looked at the two roses in her hand.
"Right, whatever you say," Mark agreed. "But I reserve the right to take you someplace dazzlingly romantic on our next date."
Hours later on Alan and James' floor, Mark sipped the first of his share of the twelve pack of beer they'd picked up in town. "Dudes, I'm really looking forward to the dance, but I've got some disappointing news. My date can't go out to dinner beforehand. So I'll be available to help you with the party after all."
"Me too, I'm afraid," Alan said. "What is it with women being so damn responsible? Working right up to an hour before Spring Forward, really?"
"I'll be doing that too," James said. "Poli sci paper, due Monday."
"That's why you haven't got a date, dude," Mark said.
"Why didn't you ask Sarah?" Alan asked before James could act on the murderous look he gave Mark. "She seems pretty fond of you and all."
"Tell you the truth, Alan," James lied, "I thought she was the one you asked."
"So did I," Mark added. "The way she looked at you that night at the bar, she was hot for you, dude."
"Well," Alan said. "I can neither confirm nor deny..."
"Then again, she could be your date, too, Mark," James said.
"He just said he thought she was my date," Alan reminded him.
"Yeah, well, maybe I was just tryin' to throw you off the scent," Mark said.
He said it just in time for Tim and Tom to hear as they bustled in from the stairway with their own stash of beer. "Off the scent of what?" asked Tom, plopping down alongside them while Tim ripped open the box and pulled out two bottles.
"Of who their dates to the dance are," James said, a knowing glint in his eye.
"Oh, you're both going to love each other's dates, from what I hear," Tim said.
"I guess," Alan said. "But they're both too busy to go out to dinner or anything. I don't know about you, Mark, but I'll be treating mine to some big romantic fancy schmancy to-do after finals. That really gets 'em wet, y'know?"
"Pretty sure mine'll be wet for me already," Mark said. "I put on a big show for her this afternoon. Feels so cynical, but you know what girls like."
"Guess I should've primed the pump too," Alan said. "Guys, you know anyone with a car I could borrow? Maybe I'll give her a night on the town next week, if she puts out tomorrow anyway."
"I've got a ride you can borrow, Alan," Tom said. "You too, Mark."
"You don't have a car!" Mark said.
"I didn't say it was a car," Tom said. "But it's perfect for just how romantic you guys really are."
"Just what is it, then?" Alan asked.
"A 1979 Huffy dirt bike."
The group project meeting on Saturday afternoon was real, at least, and it kept Rosa's mind off her dilemma for most of the day. Of course, that also meant she was no closer to a solution as the zero-hour approached. Alone in her room after a quick dinner, she seriously considered just not going to the dance. Hadn't everyone told her she would just have to do the grown-up thing and choose, and hadn't she failed to do that? Surely if both Alan and Mark's dates didn't come to the party, they'd put two and two together! Then they'd both want nothing to do with her, but at least there wouldn't be any further awkwardness. Besides, did she want anything to do with either of them?
Like it or not, she did. Rosa conceded there was no avoiding that she liked being lusted after by the same kind of guys who wouldn't even look her way in high school. If only she could somehow keep them both in the dark -- but she couldn't. Wasn't avoiding the whole event preferable to hurting one or the other of them?
But then she'd be known all over their little campus as a coward, and so soon after she and her friends had shown themselves to be utterly fearless. No, she decided, she would just have to go join Alan and Mark at their party and let the chips fall where they may.
Rosa changed her mind back and forth again a dozen more times in the shower. But when she got out, she dutifully put on the blue floral print dress and white stockings she'd chosen back when she'd been looking forward to the dance. Things might be on course for an utter disaster just minutes away, she admitted as she admired herself in the mirror, but at least she'd look good for the occasion.
Even Tim and Tom had cleaned up for the occasion, and they greeted her in suits at the stairway door. "Rosa! Looking good!" Tom declared.
"We're the pre-party entertainment," Tim added. "But in keeping with the Claxton experience, we've written a protest song for the occasion."
"You're gonna love this song," said James from behind Rosa, and she turned to see him freshly spruced up as well. "You look fantastic, by the way."
"Thank you!" Rosa helped herself to a long look at him in return, and found the feeling was mutual. "But where --"
"Never mind them," Tom said. "Ready, Tim?" He picked up his guitar from the floor. "Two, three, four..."
"I've seen the gov'ment,
Robin Hood on the switch!
Take the middle class, kick it right in the ass
Steal from the poor, and give to the rich!
Can you hear me now?"
On "now," Tom leaned over and belted out an anarchic three-chord riff while Tim clapped along in ragged time.
James laughed. "Gets better every time, guys."
Rosa joined in. "I like it, it's got social significance. Now where are Alan and Mark?"
"Still primping for their hot dates," James said, and Rosa was sure she'd noted a sarcastic stress on the last letter of "dates", but she couldn't blame him.
"Yeah, who knew those manly men took baths together?" quipped Tim with a playful rap at the men's room door.
"Should've told me," Rosa said. "I could've joined them."
"Yeah, that would've settled things," Tom said. "Come on, let's get you a drink."
Rosa looked over her shoulder as the guys led her to the table at the end of the hall, but if Mark and Alan were in there, they didn't respond. Rosa almost wished they had -- the sooner the better -- but she followed the others. The table was decked out with liquor and mixers and snacks, including a bowl of Easter candy. "My mom sent that," James explained. "I never seem to finish it anymore, so I figured why not share it?"
"So you regifted," Tom said.
"Then you degifted!" Tim added.
"Great, we've got Jerry and George to sing protest songs," James said, picking up a bottle of vodka. "Sea breeze, Rosa?"
"Don't let him push his girly drinks on you!" came Mark's voice from down the hall, and Rosa's heart leapt as she turned to see him and Alan both looking just as spruced up as James.
"Yeah, the whole campus knows you're awoman!" added Alan. "James, you'd better make her a grown-up drink!"
"What's wrong with a fruity drink?" James said, having mixed up the enticing pink drink while Rosa was admiring her two dates. "Real men and women aren't afraid of stereotypes, right, Rosa?" He offered her the glass.
"Don't mind if I do," James," she said. "Thank you. Are you going to have one too?"
"My favorite cocktail," James acknowledged. "Who cares if it's pink?"
"James," Mark asked, helping himself to a can of beer, "Back in grade school, did you get beaten up every day, or was it just every week?"
"That's not funny," James said.
"Not if it's true," Alan agreed. "But it isn't, is it, really?"
"Not really," James said. "But you know, I do remember always feeling like I had to hide who I was, you know? I even remember watching football on TV and trying to enjoy it when I'd rather have been watching some sappy movie. Thank God I got over caring what anyone thinks!"
Mark and Alan laughed. Rosa didn't. "Mark, that's beautiful," she said.
"Almost as beautiful as you, Rosa," Mark quipped with a naughty grin.
Rosa beamed in response, but his comment made all four of the other guys groan. Their grousing was still in full swing when Sarah stepped in. "Are you guys that happy to see me?" she said.
"We're happy James'll have to lay off the bullshit, anyway," Alan said. "Lookin' good, Sarah," he added.
"Thank you," Sarah said. She was wearing a slinky white dress that Rosa remembered seeing in her closet freshman year. "You boys'll be happy to hear I never did get around to getting a date, so James, I guess I'll just have to tag along with you."
"Well, if you're gonna twist my arm," James said. "Want a sea breeze?"
"I'm a beer gal," Sarah said, helping herself to one. "So, a toast?"
"I think we'd better wait till Alan's date gets here," Mark said. "That's only fair."
"What're you talking about?" Alan said, putting an arm around Rosa. "I'm takin' --"
"Let's have that toast now!" James interrupted. "We can always have another later."
"If you say so," Mark said. "But Alan, boundaries, dude." He cozied up to Rosa on her other side and kissed her cheek.
"Boundaries?" Alan said.
"Forget it, Alan," Sarah said, raising her newly opened beer can. "What should we drink to?"
"To best friends who know how to keep their hands to themselves," Alan said.
"Alan, come on," James said. "She's no one's property, and we're all lovey-dovey here, aren't we?" He put an arm around Sarah, and was mildly surprised when she played along.
"And look who's talking, dude," Mark said. "Just you wait tillyourdate shows up!"
"What the fuck do you mean, man?" Alan said. "And where'syourdate?"
Rosa's heart was pounding like a jackhammer, and even in her breezy dress she was sweating. She felt like she ought to say something, but the words wouldn't come. She gave Sarah a dirty look, but she showed no intention of helping her friend out of the awful spot she'd landed her in.
"Where's my date?!" Mark shot back, reaching for Rosa's hand.
"April Fool's!" Tim said. "It's all Tom's and my fault, guys!"
"That's right," Tom added. "We set you guys up with each other. We think you're a perfect fit!"
Sarah burst out laughing. No one else did, and she soon shut up.
"You what?" Mark said, turning to Rosa. "But you sent me that --"
"That was me, Mark," Tom said. "My mother always said I had a girl's handwriting."
"But I asked you, Rosa!" Alan said. "Were you in on this with them?"
"You what?" Mark said. Turning to Rosa, he went on. "He asked you and you said yes when I thought you'd asked me? And I said yes?!"
"You did?" Alan said. Then he shook his head and turned back to Tom and Tim. "Fuck that. What's the big idea, guys, you know we're not gay!"
"The way you always talk about James, we figured you were overcompensating," Tim said.
"About me?" James said. "What do they always talk about?"
"Oh, come on, James," Sarah said. "Everybody thinks you're gay, you can't not know that."
"What?!"
"You mean you're not?" Mark asked. "Look, it's cool if you are, but the way you always treat girls..."
"Like they're not pieces of meat, you mean?" James snapped.
"Well...yeah!" Alan said, and he couldn't help laughing a bit at the absurd turn everything had taken.
"Anyway, Tom and Tim, no, I'm as straight as they come!" Mark said. "And this wasn't funny!" Turning to Rosa, he added, "Now, do you want to be my date or not?"
"I'm the one who asked you," Alan said, hooking his arm through hers.
Rosa looked back and forth between the two of them, speechless and amazed that either one still wanted her, much less both.
"Guys, it's not fair to put her on the spot like this," Sarah said without a trace of irony. Rosa wasn't sure if she wanted to thank her friend or punch her. "Let's all just enjoy our drinks and go to the dance together, huh?"
Rosa felt like asking if she didn't get a vote on the matter. But then again, she promptly concluded, she really didn't want to have to choose.
An oddly surreal peace prevailed for the rest of the party, as Tom and Tim serenaded them with ad-libbed songs about rebirth and new grass on the field and new love. Other friends and floormates came and went, and plenty of photographs were taken. Rosa smiled for them all, privately thinking she would never want to look at any of them.
The booze ran out just a bit past nine o'clock, providing an excuse for them to be just a touch fashionably late. "Off to the chateau of the blind architect?" Tom suggested, drawing uneasy laughs all around as all wondered who would be escorting Rosa. She was as surprised and pleased as anyone to find Mark taking her left arm and Alan her right, with no complaints although they avoided making eye contact with one another.
Tom's opinion of the Renee Poirier Centre was widely shared. Newly opened the summer before, the center of most of the social gatherings on campus was overly modern and unwieldy. But it did offer the only alternative to having dances in the gym, which had always drawn complaints from the basketball coach about scratches on his floor. But tonight the Centre was awash in pastel spotlights for the occasion and streamers along the walkway, as welcoming as springtime itself. James felt the usual pangs of guilty pleasure as he and Sarah followed Mark, Rosa and Alan along the path.
"Just who was Renee Poirier anyway?" Sarah asked. "What a way to honor her memory!"
"She's still alive," James said. "She made a ton of money with that translator app, LanguagExchange."
"That was someone from Claxton?" Sarah asked. "Wow, how'd I not know that?"
"It wasn't actually Renee Poirier who invented it," James said. "That was someone else from Claxton, I can't remember his name. They were friends from here and he hired her later on. I guess he didn't like Claxton as much as she did, though, that's why he hasn't given them any money. I hear he didn't do very well here."
"That's right," Tim said from ahead of Rosa and the guys. "Beware the late bloomers!" He and Tom slapped high-fives.
"I think that other guy had the right idea, if this is how they spent her money," Sarah grumbled.
Rosa was surprised at how good she felt as they stepped into the crowded dance hall. She wondered just why Tom and Tim had felt the need to lie about writing that note to Mark, but she was too enthralled with still being the center of Mark and Alan's attention and affection to care. But, as a sprightly waltz was just starting up, there was the matter of whom she would dance with first. Of course that bitch Sarah was looking utterly amused as they reached the floor and the matter came to a head.
"Well, Alan, I think this is where you get off, I'm afraid," Mark declared.
Sarah laughed and tried to pull James out to the floor, but he stood his ground. "Only fair that you see what happens now," he said.
"Mark, I'm the one that asked her, remember?" Alan said. "Sorry you got wrapped up in this, but I think we both know which one she really wanted to go with."
"Dude, you thought she was a freak before you saw her naked," Mark reminded his friend.
"At least I didn't drool when I did see her that way," Alan replied.
"How'd you even know what I was doing when your eyes were glued to her?" Mark said.
"Oh, you and me both, man, you know that! But you could've asked her like I did, and you didn't!"
"Guys!" James held up his hands like a referee. "Ever hear of letting a gal make up her own damn mind?"
"You stay out of this, Mister Straight Sissy!" Mark snapped.
Alan laughed at the name. "Man, that's hilarious. Nailed it. I owe you a drink after I dance with my date."
"Thanks," Mark said. "James, I don't know why you couldn't just explain how just because you like acting like a girl doesn't mean you're not attracted to them!"
"Right, but which one of them is gonna be attracted to him?" Alan said.
"Not our problem," Mark concluded. "Now then. All right, Rosa, I guess we've just got to let you decide which one you're gonna dance with."
"Gee, thanks, Mark," she said. "I nearly felt forgotten for a moment there." Not only forgotten, but also reminded of the utter scorn they had both shown her back before they'd seen her naked -- that side of both their personalities was now back on full display.
At least, she realized, there was no doubt in her mind just who she wanted to dance with. It would be the only one of the bunch who'd treated her with respect before that fateful evening, and had admired her but not ogled her at the big moment, and had proven himself to be a gentleman and a friend.
Rosa turned around. "James, would you like to dance?"
As James grinned shyly and took her hand, Tom and Tim whooped and applauded. "You go girl!" "Good choice!" Mark gave them a dirty look and muttered something under his breath and stormed off. Alan turned to Sarah, but she shook her head and also marched off in the opposite direction from Mark.
James was only just aware of all that, for his heart was flying as Rosa led him out onto the floor. "Dare I ask what I did to deserve this?"
"If I had to name one thing," Rosa said as she welcomed his arm around her back, "The way you tried so hard to talk to me like my clothes were on. Adorable!"
"Well, thank you! I hope you don't mind if I say I liked what I saw, even if I tried not to stare at it."
"James, of course it's all right!" Rosa laughed. "And I could tell you weren't gay."
"Geez, where'd that come from?" James shook his head in disbelief as they glided about, fielding admiring looks from friends. "I've known those guys for three years."
"I get it," Rosa said. "Anyone different, anyone who likes anything they're not supposed to or doesn't like something they are supposed to, people are going to jump to some crazy conclusions about you."
"I guess you know all about that," James said. "I'm so sorry about what Sarah did to you, by the way."
"I'd say it worked out pretty well in the end!" Rosa was grinning ear to ear. "I feel like I've been carrying a boulder around all week and suddenly it's gone!"
They were quiet for the final strains of the song. As the music trailed away, James hugged Rosa tightly and she kissed his cheek. He responded in kind, then their lips met.
When she finally came up for air, Rosa whispered in his ear, "You want another look at what you saw that night? No need to hold your hand up this time!"
"Do I ever!" James said.
The next song kicked in and they gave no thought to finding another partner. They stayed through the last dance, taking time out to schmooze with Rosa's friends, who were all apparently pleased with the resolution of her dilemma. "Glad she picked door number three," Moose said to James as they shook hands. "I didn't trust those other two guys at all."
"Thanks," said James, doing his best not to laugh at Moose's sky-blue tuxedo or the mismatched sneakers he wore with it. "She's a real sweetheart, she deserves better than them."
"And we all know she'll get that from you," Moose said. "Or else, dude."
James chuckled and nodded, and resisted the temptation to tell his new friend Rosa could take care of herself.
"I'm so glad you kept an open mind about my friends," Rosa said as they walked hand in hand back to Lawton Hall. "I should warn you, James, we are an extremely cohesive group of people."
"I know, and I've always admired that about you guys," James said.
"You noticed, then?"
"It's hard not to. I'll tell you what, the Corner Table is just what I always wished for in high school."
"Me too!" Rosa said. "I mean, we kind of had the same sort of thing, but it wasn't as tight-knit as the real Corner Table."
"So you didn't stroll around naked in high school."
Rosa laughed and buried her face in James' shoulder. "We are never going to live that down!"
"Yeah, well, if you hadn't done it, would we be here?"
"Good point." She squeezed his hand, looking forward to squeezing another part of him shortly.
Back in her room, Rosa found the moon casting a beautiful glow in the window, and opted not to turn the light on. "Are you okay with leaving the shade open?" she asked James.
"I guess no one's likely to peek in a third-floor window," he said.
"Oh, it's all right if they do," Rosa quipped. "I've learned the world doesn't stop turning." Then she laughed and helped herself to his belt. "Are you ready?"
He pushed her hands a bit further down, and she could feel how very ready he was.
"Well, that's flattering," she cooed. "So glad you liked what you saw!"
"I loved it!" he said, kissing her as she resumed unbuckling his belt.
"So much you tried to avoid seeing it!" she giggled between kisses.
"Not this time!" and Rosa felt a delicious thrill as he gathered her skirt up. She hastily unzipped his pants and then raised her arms to let him pull her dress off. By the time he had it over her head, his pants had slipped down to his ankles. His boxers were bulging. "Let's let this poor thing out," she teased, pushing his boxers down after his pants."
"Hope you like what you see as much as I did that night," he said as he watched her unbutton his shirt. He admired her in her underwear but didn't touch for the moment.
"Not just the sight!" She leaned in for another kiss, and wrapped his hardness in her right hand. "Oh, that feels good!"
"For me too!" he said, and while he had his arms conveniently around her back, he unclasped her bra. "I wanted so much to touch these," he said as he pulled it off.
"Then do it!" she ordered, even taking one hand in her free one and placing it on her breast.
"Yes please!"
Rosa giggled a bit at his obeying of her order, and then giggled some more at his delightful light touch on her nipples. She'd been fantasizing all week about one or the other of his friends caressing her breasts just right, but she couldn't have been happier with the one she ended up with -- somehow she was sure Mark and Alan would never be as gentle and adept as James was proving to be.
"Ohhhh, James!"
He looked very much like he could play with her breasts all night, and with the wonderful sensations he was giving, Rosa thought she just might let him. He leaned over and kissed her left nipple tenderly, and she screeched with pleasure and grabbed at tufts of his hair. When he didn't complain, she pulled harder at it and rubbed his head with her other hand as he went right on working his magic with his lips. She was wriggling with sensation and moaning up a storm when he pulled back at last. "The other one?" he offered.
"First I want you inside me!" she insisted, pulling her nearly-forgotten panties down. "Get on the bed!"
"Okay," and he did lie back on the narrow bed. "But first, can I get a look at you in the moonlight?"
Rosa laughed, and took the opportunity to admire his own lithe body, complete with his dick at rigid attention. "You got to see every inch of me in fluorescent light, didn't you?"
"Exactly," James said, helping himself to a playful run through her bush with his fingers, which tickled her in the sweetest way. "This lighting is so much more romantic!" As Rosa humored him with a pose by the window, he went on. "The intimate glow of the moonlight on your breasts, casting wonderful curvy shadows, the tease of brightness on your bare belly, and the erotic cloaking down below --"
"Cloaking?" Now it was Rosa's turn to play with her bush.
"Eh, you're right, that word doesn't do it justice. More like an evening gown you wear under your clothing, a hint of the wonders of your love that await the right man, if he proves worthy of your affections..."
"Stop, you're going to give me a mental orgasm before we even get started!" With that she rushed back to the bed and climbed on top, guiding him effortlessly inside her. The moment of pure connection was divine, and she let out a deeply satisfied sigh.
True to his promise, James leaned up and suckled Rosa's right breast while she rocked with abandon. She closed her eyes and saw every color of the rainbow as the sensation abounded. If the world was right outside her room door and anyone could have heard her moans and shrieks of joy, Rosa couldn't care less. Gone was the awkward girl who worried about funny looks in the locker room, and gone with her was last week's exhibitionist. Here and now she and James were one and one alone, a bubble of utterly hot pleasure no matter how cold the outside world might be.
Rosa had long ago mastered the art of the quiet orgasm, swallowing her urge to make noise so her mother would never know what a little devil she was in her bedroom. She had once thought she might need to teach herselfnotto do that when the time came. But now as she felt the first stirrings in her pussy, it was immediately clear that she wouldn't have to do anything. She couldn't have kept the passionate joy quiet for a million dollars, and let loose like an opera singer.
"Oh, that's beautiful!" James whispered.
"Now you!" Rosa set into rocking him harder than ever to bring him along, and also rubbed his chest playfully with both hands.
James grabbed at her lower back with both hands and pulled her tighter against him. "A man could get lost in there!"
"Please do!" She felt another orgasm coming.
When James came with a telltale yelp, it was all Rosa needed to bring her over the edge again. As she exhaled in husky joy, she felt him taking her hands in his, and she squeezed them tightly as the beautiful sensations washed over her again.
"Mmmmmmm." As the tension dissipated, she came to a stop with him still buried lovingly inside her. In case he had any idea of pulling out, she grinned down at him. "You're not going anywhere, James."
"Promise?"
Rosa laughed. "Good answer! Or question. Or something." He laughed with her. "I trust you won't be afraid to look at me again," she added.
"I'd be more afraid of not getting to look again!"
Rosa's phone rang on the bedside table. She leaned over to see who it was. "Sarah!" she said. "I do not want to bother with her right now!"
"I have an idea," James said, reaching for the phone. "May I?"
"Go ahead."
James picked up the phone and pressed the answer button, and held it up so they could both hear.
"Hello?" came Sarah's voice. "Rosa?"
James drew the phone closer to his face. "Have somecrackers, pal!"