Well, I had the camera.
I stood outside my sister's room, frozen. Was this actually happening? I was flushed a deep red, both with shame at being caught and shame at being excited. She was my sister, Kate. I couldn't do this, it could spoil everything. Could I have dreamt it? No chance of that, I had watched the video ten times. My breath came shallow, I was breaking out in a sweat. I was absolutely terrified. I wanted to bolt, to rewind time. Had she heard me coming? Was it too late? I strained my ears, trying desperately to hear something inside her room, but there was nothing. What if it was all a prank? A million different doubts flashed through my mind, and I almost turned to leave.
But I had dreamt of this moment for months. Maybe not this exact situation, but something similar. And every time it had happened in my head, I hadn't hesitated to go in. Besides, how could I not want more, after seeing all of that? Her amazing breasts, her wet pussy, and that underwear! My dick pressed into my pants, urging me forwards into the room.
I lightly touched the door to quietly push it open, but it was properly shut. I turned the handle, took a deep breath, and stepped into the room.
She wasn't there.
I stood there, feeling like a complete idiot. I was holding the camera, standing with my pants bulging, in an empty room. Where was she? Maybe she had become scared, and run. Maybe it was all a prank, and she was filming this for youtube. I decided to leave; a part of me was even relieved, and a great pressure was lifted.
And then I spotted her underwear drawer. The black-lace thong was hanging out, so I went over and picked it up. She hadn't bothered to wash it yet, so when I lifted it to my face it smelt of her pussy. At this my dick pressed so hard against my jeans that I had to touch it. I undid my zip and pulled it out. It stuck straight out, thick and hard. I wrapped the panties around my shaft and slowly stroked them over my dick. The cotton felt soft against my dick, and the thought that these were Kate's panties sent tingles up my body.
I took the black-lace bra out too. I sat down on the bed and buried my nose in it. I took in a deep breath, inhaling Kate's smell. I stroked my dick harder, and it twitched with the pleasure. I reached over to the underwear drawer and pulled out a fistful, burying my face in her lingerie.
"Having fun?"
I jumped about ten feet in the air at the sound of Kate's voice. She snorted with laughter. She was leaning against the door, watching me. Her top didn't cover her shoulders and the cleavage fell very low. I assumed she was wearing a strapless bra because I couldn't see a strap, but her long brown hair was covering much of her shoulders. Her slim, long, perfect legs were wrapped nicely in thin leggings. The smile on her face showed a mixture of triumph, excitement, nervousness and pleasure, all at the same time. Pretty much how I felt.
She walked over and picked up a handful of her panties. "Underwear? We won't be needing that."
I was speechless. My brain was stuck, it wasn't in gear. She was gorgeous, and my dick was rock hard, but I couldn't move. I could see some of the same fear in her eyes, a gripping nervousness when presented with something so forbidden but so amazingly hot, but she was masking it with confidence, and doing a very good job of it. She tilted her head to look at my dick and gave me a coy smile. "At last. I've been waiting to meet him for years."
"Um..." was my only response.
She laughed. "A bit nervous?"
I swallowed. "Are we actually doing this?"
"Doing what?" She looked puzzled, and my heart stopped, but her face broke into a grin. "I'm only pissing about. Do you not want to?"
"No I do!" I practically yelled, drawing another smirk from her. I coughed. "I mean, of course I do. But... Is it okay?"
"Okay?" She laughed. "Probably not. But neither was the camera, and that didn't stop us both having fun."
This time, I managed a laugh too. "I guess. And you won't tell anyone?"
"Do I look like an idiot?"
She sat down on the bed next to me. Her breath was hot, and I was acutely aware of her hand on my leg. Her face was close to mine, and my vision blurred over. Was this actually happening? She leant in and her lips met mine. Yes, apparently, it was. Her lips were soft, and perfectly wet, with the slight taste of her cherry lip salve. They stroked mine and I became lost in her touch. My hand was now on her waist, but I didn't remember putting it there.
The kiss was slow at first, and tentative. Our lips were barely brushing, but I could feel her breath on my face. Then I felt her tongue stroke my upper lip, curiously exploring my mouth. I met it with mine, and our tongues locked.
As I began to slide back into my comfort zone, I decided I should make the next move - I had been pretty useless so far. I moved my hand up and rested it on her boob, and gently squeezed. I instantly realised that she wasn't wearing a bra - it was only a thin layer of cotton between me and it. Her breast was the perfect texture, and seemed to move freely with my hand. I squeezed it again, shocked at how perfect it was, and rubbed a finger over her nipple.
Kate let out a moan, and it was the single sexist noise I have ever heard. It was one of deep passion, and of released pressure, and of intense pleasure. I pulled her into me, squeezing her breast tightly and pressing my lips firmly against mine. She pushed her tongue into my mouth and we wrestled, her panting heavily from the pleasure from her boob.
She broke away briefly for some air so I pulled the top upwards. She grinned and lifted her arms, and I tore it off her. Her tits bounced out, but before I could do anything more she stood up. She gave me a teasing smile and stretched, arching her back and pushing her chest towards me. My mouth watered with anticipation.
She picked up the camera and pressed record. She pointed it at her own face and whispered, "the first of many". She laughed, and put it down on a box so that it was pointing at the bed.
She walked over to me and knelt down, so that she was looking up at me. Her eyes then fell down; her face was level with my dick. As she stared at it, my breathing deepened. She stayed there, completely still, looking my dick up and down. I couldn't bare it, I wanted her to touch it so bad, but the expression on her face was a huge turn on.
Kate reached out and slowly curved her hand around the shaft of my dick. She stroked upwards, sending shivers across my body, and then back down. It was slow, and deliberate, and her fingers rippled to send shots of pleasure from different spots on my dick. The thought of my big sister with her hand on my dick made me twitch with excitement, and when Kate felt it she smiled. She began to stroke faster, her wrist moving fluidly to evoke the most pleasure possible. I let out a moan and she grinned, again quickening her pace.
Every five seconds a voice in my head would yell, This is wrong! She's your sister! But all that did is it made my dick harder, and brought me closer to orgasm. How bad it was, how forbidden it all was, that's what made it so good. My sister's amazing tits were just sitting there in front of me, glowing with the heat of the moment.
Kate's left hand drifted below my dick and gently squeezed my balls. She rolled them about in her hand, giving me a whole new kind of pleasure. She was clearly enjoying it from her expression, and even more so because of my reaction. I was panting with the pleasure, and was unable to stop moans from escaping. My dick was convulsing like crazy in her hand. Her left hand then moved down again, and pressed the bit in between my legs, just below my balls. I had no idea what she was doing, but when that was pressed every pump of my dick sent an added wave of pleasure deep inside me. I gasped as she firmly pressed into me. My sister new more about my body than I did!
She was clearly experienced at pleasuring guys, which only served to turn me on more. I pictured my sister in a whole different light. Kate, the slut of her college, and now of her workplace. The centre of attention at parties. I imagined scores of guys lusting over her. But it was different with me, there was something else. I could tell, because I felt it too. Not just a closeness but also a naughtiness about the whole thing that made it irresistible.
She ran her thumb along the underside of the head of my dick and I felt a jet of cum build up. I tried to tell Kate, but she put her fingers on her lips. I shut up, because every second that her fingers were on her lips they weren't pleasuring me. She knew what was coming. My moans got louder and more urgent as I held back orgasm for as long as possible, but pretty soon it got too hard. Then, just before I came, she drove her fingers into the pressure point below my balls and squeezed my dick hard. The result was explosive. I convulsed as cum shot out of me, covering her chest and even splattering her shoulders. I kept cumming for about twenty seconds as she pressed into me. I lay back, completely breathless and sapped of all my energy. My dick throbbed with the intense pleasure.
Kate laughed and stood up. "Well I'm late for work, but I think I'll need a shower first." She left the room without a word, leaving me completely speechless and numb with the pleasure.
I must have lain there for about half an hour, amazed out of my mind. Kate, my sister, and the hand job of my life. I eventually decided I needed to be getting up and working, but there was very little on my mind except for Kate and our morning together.
That evening, she got home after our parents, and acted as if nothing had happened.
But that night, in my room, on my bedside table, was the camera, set to record. I grinned and began to undress.