Jen and John had finished having breakfast in their hotel room. As John got ready to leave for work, he explained that he was going to have to work late again on the big deal and they wouldn't be able to have dinner tonight. He asked Jen, "What do you have planned today?"
Envisioning another boring day around the hotel, Jen sighed and replied, "Nothing. I will probably lay around the pool for a while and read a book I guess."
John said, "Why don't you have Pablo take you to see more of the town?"
"Are you sure you'd be ok with that?" Jen asked.
"Of course," John answered. "You have fun with him, right?"
Jen nodded her head yes, and then jokingly replied "What if he wants to fuck me again?"
"Then you should fuck him if you like," John replied.
Jen exclaimed, "Really? Are you serious?"
"You like fucking him don't you?" John inquired.
Jen sheepishly replied, "Yes."
"I know, I have video to prove it!" he said jokingly referring to the video that Jen had showed John of her and Pablo fucking. They both laughed. "I want you to be happy and fulfilled. And since I can't do it tonight, you should go have fun with him."
"I love you so much," Jen exclaimed.
"I love you too," John said. "Just promise me you'll tell me all about it later. Every detail."
Jen said "Absolutely. Have a fabulous day at work honey."
John gave Jen a kiss and said, "See you soon," as he walked out the door.
Jen got in the shower and cleaned up to go sightseeing. She went down to Pablo's room and knocked on the door. As Pablo opened the door in his bathrobe Jen exclaimed, "Guess what? I'm free today. I'm totally yours all day. Where do you want to take me?"
"Jennifer, please come inside," Pablo replied. They entered the room and Pablo climbed on the bed reclining against the headboard. Pablo was not wearing anything under his robe. As he lay on the bed, his robe fell open partially revealing his huge cock to Jen. Unable to control her gaze, Jen stared at Pablo's massive member. Her mouth began to water as she imagined taking him deep in her throat.
"Jennifer, please open the window shades," Pablo instructed. Jen willingly complied opening the shades to reveal the floor to ceiling windows that lead to a small balcony. "Please undress for me," he continued.
Attempting to fight off her carnal urges to be fucked by Pablo's enormous prick again, Jen replied, "Pablo, I Want to go out. Please take me sightseeing or somewhere to town."
"Jennifer, please undress," Pablo repeated. Knowing she was unable to resist Pablo's commands, Jen conceded and slowly started unbuttoning her shirt. Once her shirt was off, she slipped out of her shorts.
As Jen slowly spun around to show Pablo the back of her small yellow thong, she asked, "Like this?"
Pablo replied, "Please, all the way." Jen proceeded and pushed the straps of her thong down her hips and let it drop to the floor. Then she reached around her back and unclasped her bra, tossing it on a chair near the window.
Pablo continued, "Jennifer, please show me your beautiful body in the sunlight. Please open the door." Jen complied and slid the glass door open. "Now step onto the balcony."
Jen replied, "No, someone could see me from the building over there."
Pablo calmly commanded, "Please Jennifer." Unable to resist, Jen took one step onto the balcony. Her heart began to race as she scanned the building across the way. The windows were mirrored in the light, so she couldn't see who might be in the large office building, but wondered if someone was watching.
Pablo continued, "Jennifer, please show me your beautiful pink pussy." Jen started to turn toward Pablo but he stopped her. "No, please face the railing. Show me from behind. Please spread your feet apart and lean forward." Jen did as he instructed. She placed both hands on the railing as she leaned forward and stepped her feet apart. She arched her back and stuck her ass in the air toward Pablo to give him a view of her pussy between her legs as she continued bending forward at the waist. Jen then reached between her legs and spread her pussy lips to give Pablo a view of her warm pink slit.
Pablo commented, "Jennifer, your pussy is very beautiful. Please make it wet."
Jen did as he instructed and started stroking her clit. She could feel the wetness of her cunt the minute she touched herself. She continued masturbating for Pablo sliding a finger in and out of her wet slit as she stared at the mirrored windows of the office building wondering who was watching. After a few minutes, Pablo instructed, "Jennifer, please come suck my cock."
This was the order she had been waiting for. She couldn't wait to get Pablo's huge cock in her mouth. As Jen turned around and stepped back in the room, she saw Pablo had removed his robe and was slowly stroking his now fully erect member. Jen's mouth watered as she gazed upon his massive 11 inches of firm cockmeat. She quickly went over to the bed and took Pablo's stiff rod in her hand. Jen licked the shaft up and down with her tongue a few times, and then plunged her mouth around Pablo's hard cock. Jen bobbed up and down on his stiff member. It stretched her cheeks as she slurped and sucked her way up and down.
After only a few minutes, Pablo stopped Jen and asked, "Jennifer, please may I fuck you?"
Jen quickly replied, "Yes Pablo, fuck me. Fuck me now." Pablo got up and placed Jen on her back. He spread her legs and lowered his huge hard prick to Jen's awaiting pussy. Pablo drove his massive cock all the way in, deep inside Jen's wet cunt. Jen let out a gasp as Pablo's large girth parted the walls of her pussy as he filled her warm box with his cock. Pablo pulled back and then dropped his entire weight on Jen as he slammed his rod deep inside her pussy again. He continued pounding Jen's pussy harder and harder with each thrust.
After five or six thrusts, Jen could feel her pussy start to tingle and spasm. She tried to suppress her impending orgasm the best she could. But after two more hard thrusts, Jen cried out, "Oh Fuck! Pablo I'm gonna cum. FUCK! I'M CUMMING!" Jen exploded into orgasm as Pablo continued his assault on her pussy. He continued ramming his huge cock deep in her pussy. The force of his thrusts and the depth of his cock deep inside her were nothing like Jen had ever felt. He was fucking her harder than she had ever been fucked by anyone before. Jen was in ecstasy as she felt each thrust of his cock shake her entire body.
Pablo continued fucking his huge cock in and out of Jen's tight pussy. He continued ramming, harder and harder with each thrust. As Pablo railed away on Jen's pussy, she felt the contractions rising up inside her again. She knew another orgasm was inevitable. This time she made no effort to suppress it. Jen screamed out, "I'm cumming again. Fuck. Fuck. Oh fuck. Oh shit. I'm cumming!" This time Jen's orgasm was much more intense. She felt it through her entire body. Her body convulsed uncontrollably as the wave of ecstasy overtook her. The convulsions were long and deep. She continued to orgasm for what seemed like minutes as Pablo continued fucking her as hard as he could.
As Pablo continued ramming his cock inside Jen, he requested, "Jennifer, please may I cum on your beautiful face?"
Jen answered, "Yes Pablo, cum all over my face. Give me your warm cum." Pablo pulled his cock from Jen's drenched pussy. He climbed up and straddled Jen's chest with one knee on each side of her ribcage and began stroking his cock. Jen began begging for him, "Please give me your cum. Cum all over my face Pablo. I want to taste your hot cum." Jen dropped her mouth open and stuck out her tongue in anticipation of Pablo's huge load.
After a few moments, Pablo began to groan and tense up. Jen looked up at him eagerly waiting. Pablo then unleashed his load on Jen's face. He shot the first barrage deep in her mouth. His second blast streamed across her cheek. The next barrage landed half in her mouth and half across her upper lip. He proceeded dumping stream after stream of warm thick cum all over Jen's face. By the time he was done, Jen's face was completely covered, cheek to cheek, forehead to chin, in Pablo's sticky cum.
Jen swallowed the loads that Pablo had dumped in her mouth, then licked her lips to get more. She loved the taste of cum and couldn't get enough. Jen scraped as much as she could from her face with her fingers. She licked her fingers clean, then searched for more. After she had gotten as much as she could, she took Pablo's cock in her hand and gently squeezed it straining the last drops of cum from his cockhead.
Jen exclaimed, "Wow. That was a lot of cum Pablo. You made a mess of my face. I loved it! Thank you."
After resting on the bed for a while, Pablo remarked, "Jennifer, would you like to clean up in the shower?"
Jen replied, "Yes, thank you." Pablo got up and led Jen into the bathroom and started the shower. He directed Jen into the shower and then followed her inside.
Pablo asked, "Jennifer, please may I wash your body?"
Jen happily replied, "Yes Pablo."
Pablo grabbed the soap and lathered it up in his hands. He got behind Jen and began rubbing his hands up and down her wet body soaping it up. He covered every inch of her body, spending extra time fondling her large firm breasts. Jen could feel Pablo's cock rub in between her ass cheeks. She couldn't believe he was hard again so soon. Pablo softly asked in Jen's ear, "Jennifer, please may I fuck you again?"
Jen replied, "Yes Pablo, you may fuck me." Jen had barely gotten the words out of her mouth when she felt Pablo's huge cockhead part her pussy lips. Pablo drove his hard cock deep inside her. Jen placed her hands on the shower wall to brace herself for more of Pablo's fucking. Pablo grabbed Jen's hips with his hands and began slowly fucking his long rod in and out of Jen's warm cunt. Even though Jen had fucked Pablo several times, she couldn't get over how his huge cock filled her pussy and how good it felt inside her.
Pablo continued slowly fucking Jen's pussy. With each stroke, Jen began thrusting her tight ass back into Pablo's hips. Jen began to gasp each time their bodies crashed together. "Oh!" she cried out after each pounding. Pablo continued jamming his huge, stiff rod in Jen's pussy. Each of his hard thrusts lifted Jen up on her tiptoes.
By now Jen was starting to lose control. "Fuck me Pablo," she wildly exclaimed. "Fuck me. Yes... Yes... Yes... Fuck my tight little pussy... Yes, like that... Fuck me... Oh god, your huge cock feels so good... Yes... Yes... Keep fucking me... Yes... Yes..." As their wet bodies continued slapping together, Jen could feel another orgasm begin to swell deep inside her. "Oh yes... Yes... Fuck me... You are going to make me cum again... Yes... Fuck me Pablo." Jen couldn't hold it any longer and screamed out as she burst into orgasm "OH FUCK... I'M CUMMING... I'M CUMMING!"
As Jen's orgasm subsided, Pablo continued fucking her pussy. He leaned into her ear and asked, "Jennifer, please may I cum inside you?"
Jen replied, "No Pablo. I want to taste you again. I want your cum in my mouth." Pablo released his grip on Jen's hips and pulled his cock from her sopping wet cunt. Jen turned to face him. She got down on her knees and started sucking his fat cock. Pablo placed a hand on the back of Jen's head. He began guiding her head, bobbing it back and forth on his dick. He placed his other hand on the top of Jen's head and began fucking his rod in and out of her mouth more intensely now. Jen gagged a little with each push forward.
Pablo continued forcefully fucking Jen's face as he began to tighten up. He let out a long groan and then unleashed a blast of cum deep down Jen's throat. He began filling her mouth with his warm cum as he continued fucking his exploding cock in her mouth. Jen tried to swallow as much as she could after each blast, but his load was too large and began leaking out the sides of her mouth. Pablo fucked a few more strokes in Jen's mouth until he had finished dumping his huge cumload. Jen eagerly swallowed and slurped at his cock. She was overwhelmed with the massive amount of cum he shot in her mouth, but loved the taste of it and managed to swallow it all.
After Jen was done lapping up all of Pablo's cum, he helped her to her feet and shut off the water. They toweled off and slipped into some bathrobes. They returned to the bedroom and relaxed on the bed. After a while they decided to order room service for breakfast. As they ate, they chatted more about traveling and the various places each of them had been.
After breakfast was finished, Jen asked, "Come on. Where are you taking me today? I want to go out."
Pablo replied, "I know a nice beach if you'd like."
Jen answered, "Yes. That sounds great. Let's go." Jen gathered her clothes and they both got dressed. They left Pablo's room and headed to Jen's to get a swimsuit for the beach.
Once inside her room, Pablo asked, "Jennifer, where are your swimsuits?"
Jen replied, "In the top drawer," as she pointed to the dresser. Pablo went over to the dresser and opened the drawer. He rummaged through the drawer and pulled out a skimpy string bikini with ties at the sides and behind the neck.
He held the bikini up and said," Jennifer, please wear this one." Pablo watched Jen as she undid her shirt buttons and shorts and tossed them aside. She reached around and undid the clasp of her bra and tossed it on the bed. Finally, she slipped her panties down her hips and tossed them on the bed as well. Pablo handed her the bikini and she put it on, first tying the strings of the bottoms, then the top. She put her shorts and shirt back on over the top of the bikini, grabbed a shoulder bag and packed a few things like sunscreen and sunglasses for the day. After she finished, they left the room and went downstairs to catch a taxi.
Once they arrived at the beach, Jen took off her shorts, shirt and sandals and placed them in her bag. Pablo took off his shirt and placed it in the bag as well. They headed down to the water and began walking along the sand. The beach was relatively uncrowded with a few people scattered here and there; mostly adults, some couples, numerous single men, and a few single women here and there. They talked for a bit as they strolled down the beach.
After a while, Pablo said, "Jennifer, please take off your top."
Jen exclaimed, "What? No. People will see. Not in public."
Pablo continued, "Jennifer, please. This is a nude beach. It is perfectly fine here." Jen looked back at Pablo wanting to continue her protest, but she knew it will be futile. Jen looked around to see who might be watching. She then reached behind her neck and untied her top. She put her top in her bag and pulled out her suntan lotion. Pablo asked, "Jennifer, please allow me." Jen handed Pablo the tube of lotion and he squirted some in his hands. He first rubbed the lotion on Jen's shoulders and back. He then worked his way around her ribcage and rubbed lotion on her stomach, working his way up to her chest. Pablo began massaging the lotion over Jen's beautiful, full 34 DD breasts, circling his thumbs around her nipples making them hard. For a second, Jen forget they were in public as she enjoyed Pablo's touch.
After a moment, Jen snapped from her trance, realizing there are people watching and said, "Ok, that's good. Thank you." They continued their stroll along the waterline. Pablo carried Jen's bag. This left her with nothing to hide her gorgeous boobs from the other people on the beach. As they passed others along the way, Jen noticed most of the men and even some of the women checking her out, gazing upon her exposed bosom. She realized that they were not staring as if it was uncommon to see someone topless, but rather just casually taking in her beauty. They passed a few other women that were also topless, so Jen began to relax. She started to enjoy the gaze of the men who looked at her.
Just as Jen felt comfortable, Pablo instructed, "Jennifer, please remove your bottoms."
Jen objected, "No, Pablo, there are people everywhere. I don't want them to see."
Pablo replied, "Jennifer, please. This is a nude beach. It is ok. Please remove your bottoms."
Jen continued to object, but realized she was getting nowhere. She relented to Pablo and removed her bottoms, placing them in the bag. Now Jen felt completely vulnerable and exposed again as they continued walking. Jen kept her hands in front of her trying her best to hide her cleanly shaven pussy from view. She took special note of each person that gazed upon her feeling quite uncomfortable. Pablo remarked, "Relax Jennifer, you have a beautiful body. Let the people admire you." Jen did as instructed. She relaxed her hands allowing them to fall to her sides. She became more comfortable as they continued to walk, relaxing a bit more as each person they passed gazed upon her.
After they reached the end of the beach, they turned around and walked for a bit before picking a spot to sit for a while. They continue talking and laying out in the sun for another hour or so. By now it was lunchtime, so they decided to go get something to eat. Jen put her bikini back on, followed by her shirt, shorts, and sandals. They walked to a nearby restaurant and sat on the patio to have lunch.
As they conclude their meal, Pablo asked, "Jennifer, did you enjoy the beach?"
"Yes Pablo, it was nice," she replied.
"Did you enjoy having the men look at you?" he continued.
With a fair bit of hesitation, Jen conceded, "Yes."
"Did it arouse you?" Pablo asks.
After a long pause, Jen again admitted, "Yes."
Pablo said, "Let us go buy you a dress for this evening." They left the restaurant and walked along a nearby street full of shops. After passing a few, they went inside one. Pablo combed through the racks and eventually pulled out a silky, red, cocktail dress and handed it to Jen. "Please try this one," he said to Jen.
Jen took the hanger from him and went into the dressing room. She took off her shirt and shorts and slipped into the dress. The dress was tightly form fitting and its silky material clearly revealed her bikini underneath. Jen concluded she won't be able to wear a bra underneath it without it showing. She exited the dressing room to show Pablo, and he gave her his approval. Jen looked in the mirror and liked the way it was cut, showing off her curves and tight body. It made her feel sexy, so she decided to get it.
They took the dress to the register and checked out. After leaving the dress shop, they walked a few more blocks and then found a taxi to take them back to the hotel. Once at the hotel, they each went to their separate rooms and arranged to meet in the lobby at 7pm.
Jen returned to the lobby at 7pm and saw Pablo waiting. They went outside and climbed into an awaiting taxi. As they drove to dinner, Pablo asked, "Jennifer, may I touch you please?
Jen answered, "Yes, but just outside my dress." Pablo began rubbing his hands up and down Jen's ribcage and stomach. His hands continued to glide up and down her body and over her breasts. Pablo worked his hands down to Jen's knees. Then he returned his way up the inside of her legs. Jen began to shudder with the thought of Pablo plunging his fingers in her now wet box right in the backseat of the taxi. Jen could see the taxi driver checking out the action in the backseat, so Jen stopped Pablo's hand and said, "Just outside my dress I said."
Pablo complied and returned to running his hand up Jen's stomach and breasts. After a few more blocks, the taxi pulled over at the curb near a park. Pablo paid the driver and they got out of the taxi. Pablo remarked, "The restaurant is just across the park." As they walked across the park Pablo asked, "Jennifer, may I touch you here?"
Jen replied, "No, not here, someone will see." As they continued to walk, Pablo renewed his request more firmly. As they got to a small building in the middle of the park, Jen conceded and answered, "Ok, just a quick feel. I'm hungry." Pablo gently backed Jen to the wall of the building and began to run his hand down her hip and leg. He changed direction with his hand again running up the inside of Jen's thigh. This time Jen did not stop him. When Pablo reached Jen's inner thigh she hiked her dress up slightly to give him better access. Pablo pulled Jen's G-string aside and plunged two fingers straight into Jen's wet cunt as she let out a moan. His touch felt wonderful. She about came after just a few strokes of his fingers in and out of her cunt. But before she could orgasm, Jen noticed a couple in the distance walking toward them on the sidewalk. She quickly dropped the front of her dress and pulled Pablo's hand from her pussy.
They continued walking and made their way to the restaurant to have dinner. After dinner, they walked down the boulevard and made their way to a nearby bar. Pablo ordered a pair of drinks as they sat at the bar listening to the loud music. Pablo leaned over to Jen's ear and asked, "Jennifer, please come dance with me." They proceeded over to the dancefloor and began swaying to the music. After a couple of songs, Pablo reached over and pulled Jen close to him. They continued dancing to the music with their bodies now pressed against each other. Pablo ran his hands up and down Jen's body as they ground their bodies together to the music. Pablo slid one foot between Jen's feet and moved his leg slightly underneath her. Without any hesitation, Jen began grinding her panty clad pussy on Pablo's leg.
Jen was becoming quite aroused. She could feel her pussy become wet as they continued to grind away to the music. As she continued to feel warmer and warmer inside, Jen instructed, "Pablo, please take me somewhere more private. Maybe back to the hotel." Pablo took Jen's hand and led her from the dancefloor and outside the bar. They walked a few blocks down the street. Then Pablo took a sudden right turn into a small alley between two buildings.
They walked half way down the alley and Pablo leaned his back against the wall, about 20 or 30 feet from the street. Pablo slowly undid his belt and said, "Jennifer, please suck my cock."
Jen looked at him with surprise and said, "Here? No Pablo, someone will see us. I want to go back to the hotel."
Pablo firmly replied, "Jennifer, no. I want you to suck my cock now. Please." Jen paused for a moment, and then gave into him. As Pablo undid his pants Jen crouched down in front of him. She looked to her left, then to her right. Seeing no one was watching, Jen took his large cock in her hands, slipped it in her mouth and began sucking it. Jen sucked Pablo fully hard in no time. Pablo placed his hands on each side of Jen's head as he slowly fucked his cock in and out of her wet mouth. With each stab inward Jen nearly gagged as Pablo's cockhead hit the back of her throat.
After a few minutes, Pablo pulled Jen's head from his shaft. As he looked down at her he said, "Jennifer, please may I fuck you now?" Jen again checked to see if anyone was watching. She didn't see anyone. So, she nodded her head yes as Pablo helped her stand up. He turned her around so she was now facing the brick wall of the alley.
Pablo nudged her forward and Jen placed her hands on the wall to steady herself. He lifted Jen's dress up over her hips. Pablo tugged the thin strap of Jen's G-string from the beautiful crack of her ass and pulled it aside. Jen then felt the fullness of Pablo's large cock as he shoved it inside her dripping wet pussy with force. She gasped as he entered her, feeling him fill her entire box with his shaft. Pablo grabbed Jen's hips and proceeded to ram his firm cock in and out of Jen's pussy. He continued ramming his shaft in and out of Jen's pussy, increasing his force with each thrust. As Pablo rammed his body against Jen's ass and pussy, her ass cheeks rippled forward with the force of each blow. Jen could feel Pablo's cock stretch her cunt deep inside.
Jen lost control and began panting and moaning loudly as Pablo continued fucking her in the alley. The thrill of the moment had overtaken her. She no longer cared if anyone could see or was watching them. She began calling out, "Yes Pablo. Fuck me. Harder. Fuck my pussy. Yes. Harder. Yes. Fuck me like that. Fuck my pussy with your big cock. Yes. Like that. Don't stop. Fuck me." With a few more thrusts into her hot cunt, Jen's pussy began to twitch and contract around Pablo's massive rock-hard cock. Jen let out a long moan and then called out, "Yes. I'M CUMMING! FUCK! I'M CUMMING! OH GOD! YES! YES!" Jen's explosive orgasm continued for several more thrusts as Pablo continued fucking his rod in and out of her pussy.
Pablo soon began to groan and called out, "Jennifer, I'm going to cum."
Jen replied, "Not inside me. In my mouth." She pulled away from Pablo's fucking rod. She quickly turned and dropped again to her knees. Jen took Pablo's shaft in her mouth and began aggressively sucking away at it. Jen looked up at Pablo as his cock filled her mouth. As Pablo looked down into her eyes, Jen could tell from the look on his face he was about to cum. This made Jen suck even harder as she slurped away on Pablo's shaft. As she did, Pablo exploded, unleashing a barrage of warm sticky cum down the back of Jen's throat. Jen loved the salty taste of Pablo's cum as it continued filling her mouth. Pablo twitched as he unloaded several more blasts of cum into Jen's mouth. She continued swallowing it the best she could as each new barrage hit the back of her throat, barely managing to keep it all in her mouth. After Pablo had finished releasing his warm cum in Jen's mouth, she continued sucking his cock until she was sure she had gotten the entirety of his full load.
Jen released Pablo's cock from her lips as she stood up. She straightened her panties and pulled her dress back down over her hips and ass. As her senses returned, Jen again looked around to see if anyone was watching them. She was relieved to see no one in sight. Even though it just happened, Jen couldn't believe she had just fucked Pablo in public in an alley where they could have been seen.
Jen and Pablo walked from the alley and continued strolling down the street. After several blocks, Pablo asked, "Jennifer, did you like fucking in the alley?"
Jen replied, "Yes, Pablo."
Pablo continued, "Did you like being in public?"
Jen answered, "No, someone could have seen us."
Pablo responded firmly, "Jennifer. Tell me the truth."
After a long pause Jen relented, "Ok, yes. I liked fucking you where we might get caught. It really turned me on. I didn't think it would. But it did."
Pablo replied, "That is good Jennifer."
Jen asked, "Can we go back to the hotel now?"
Pablo answered, "Soon. One more place to see."
Jen responded, "Pablo, I'm tired. Let's go back to the hotel."
Pablo replied, "Jennifer please."
They continued walking two more blocks and Pablo stopped in front of a shop with painted windows and pulled open the door.
Jen asked, "What is this place?"
Pablo replied, "Jennifer please," as he motioned for her to enter the door. Jen conceded and walked into the shop. Once inside she discovered it was a sex shop with every kind of toy imaginable. They walked around looking at all the offerings from vibrators to dildos to butt plugs to bondage gear.
After browsing for a while, Pablo walked to the counter and placed some money on it in front of the clerk. He said, "Jennifer, please this way," as he pointed toward a dark hallway at the back of the store.
Jen objected and asked, "Why? What's back there?"
Pablo simply replied, "Jennifer, please." Jen acquiesced and went with Pablo down the dimly lit hallway. Jen started to hear sounds but couldn't quite make out what they were. They got to the end of the hallway and opened the door.
Once through the door, Jen realized it was a small theater room. Playing on the bright screen was a porn movie from the 70's. The theater was dark, with the only light coming from the screen which flickered from the age of the reel to reel projector and film. The theater was uncrowded with two or three single men scattered in various spots in the back several rows.
Pablo led Jen a few rows into the middle of the theater. They took a seat all the way at the end of the row against the right wall of the theater. Jen had never been in an adult theater and giggled to herself as she took in the full scene. Jen relaxed into her chair and started viewing the movie. She watched a woman on the screen as she serviced two men. The actress was on her hands and knees with one man fucking her from behind and the other in front of her with his cock in her mouth.
As Jen watched, she began imagining herself being fucked by the two men. Pablo slid his hand up Jen's thigh pushing her dress up as his hand got closer to her crotch. Without objection Jen parted her legs as Pablo pulled her panties aside. Jen continued watching the movie as Pablo began fingering her pussy. First with one finger, then with two.
By now, Jen was quite aroused and began grinding her wet cunt into Pablo's hand. Pablo fucked his two fingers in and out of Jen's pussy until she began to whimper. Jen reached down and began massaging her clit with her finger as Pablo continued finger fucking her. Jen became lost in the moment and did not notice that five or six additional men had made their way into the theater and took various seats scattered a fair distance around them. She could feel an orgasm rising in her pussy and uncontrollably arched her back. She bit her lip so as not to yell out. Jen then grabbed Pablo's hand and she burst into orgasm.
As Jen regained her breath, the scene of the movie had changed to an outdoor scene in a hot tub at night, so the theater became very dark. Pablo leaned over and whispered into Jen's ear, "Jennifer, please suck my cock." Jen looked back at Pablo with a look of objection. But his look did not change. Jen knew her objections would get her nowhere.
Jen quickly looked around the theater, but it was too dark to see anything. She figured if she couldn't see the other men then they probably couldn't see her. So, she repositioned herself and leaned down and unbuttoned Pablo's pants. She took his cock out and started sucking it. It quickly became stiff. As she bobbed her head up and down on Pablo's now hard shaft, Pablo leaned forward and whispered, "Jennifer, I want to fuck you now."
In disbelief, Jen stopped and looked up at Pablo exclaiming in a whisper, "What? Here? No, there are people here."
Pablo simply replied, "Jennifer, please." Jen rose from her bent over position and tried to survey the theater again. It was still dark. She couldn't tell if anyone could see them. She looked back and saw that Pablo had pushed his pants part way down his thighs. Pablo reached out gently pulling her toward him. Jen surrendered and slowly climbed on top of Pablo facing him with her back to the screen. Pablo reached down and pulled Jen's panties aside and guided his cock as Jen lowered her pussy down onto his shaft.
Jen was quite nervous at this point as she still couldn't tell if anyone could see them. She began slowly moving up and down, grinding her pussy on Pablo's stiff cock.
Jen progressively got into a rhythm and began gently bouncing up and down on Pablo's cock. As his cock filled her warm cunt, Jen gradually started enjoying the feeling more and more. Soon Jen had reached her fully turned on state. When she did this, she went into another world and was oblivious to her surroundings. She no longer cared that there were other men in the theater that might see them.
Pablo reached his hands up and pulled down the top of Jen's dress. He reached inside her bra and pulled out her beautiful full breasts. Pablo began sucking and kissing her nipples. Jen continued vigorously riding Pablo's cock, bouncing up and down, ramming his cock in and out of her pussy. In the background Jen could hear several women moaning and panting on the screen that was to her back. She continued fucking Pablo and began letting out soft moans of her own. Jen hoped that the sounds from the movie were drowning out her own noises.
As the lights from the movie flickered behind her, Jen got quick flashes of views of the theater, but they were too quick to notice exactly who was there and whether they were watching her. She continued fucking Pablo as she got increasingly aroused. Jen was now bouncing on Pablo's cock with reckless abandon. Her arms were around his neck resting on his shoulders and her tits bouncing up and down with each thrust. As she felt her pussy contract she arched her back, leaned her head back and began moaning more loudly. She could hear one woman on the screen moaning louder and louder. This aroused Jen further.
Jen was now in ecstasy on the brink of another powerful orgasm. She bounced a few more times on Pablo's stiff rod. The sounds of the film, and the images of the theater briefly illuminated from the flickering light, sent her over the edge. As she heard the woman on the screen orgasm, it pushed Jen over her limit and she exploded. She uncontrollably called out, "Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" as her orgasm convulsed through her body. Jen had no idea if anyone heard her, and at that second, she didn't really care.
Jen continued bouncing on Pablo's cock as she continued to orgasm. Then Pablo remarked, "I'm gonna cum!" Not wanting him to cum inside her, Jen pulled up and rose off Pablo's cock just as he exploded, shooting warm cum up Jen's thigh with his first blast. The barrages of cum kept shooting and covered the outside of her pussy lips, panties and inside of her dress. Jen stayed elevated above Pablo's cock for a few moments as some of the cum dripped from her back down on Pablo's shaft and thighs.
Jen gently climbed off Pablo holding her dress up trying not to get it soaked in any more cum than she could. With her hand Jen cleaned as much cum from her thighs and pussy lips as she could, licking her hand clean in between swipes. She sat back in the chair next to Pablo and reached down to take off her panties which were drenched in cum. Jen used what little of her panties she could to wipe any remaining cum from herself.
Once done, she tossed her panties on the floor and looked over at Pablo and whispered, "You made quite a mess. Here, let me help you." Jen leaned back down and licked the remaining cum from Pablo's cock and thighs.
When she was done, she sat back up in her chair, fixed her bra and dress and looked at the screen. Jen took note that now the scene was daytime and very bright. The lights from the screen illuminated the entire theater. Jen thought to herself, "Oh shit. How long has the light been like this? How much had everyone in the theater seen?"
Jen looked over at Pablo and said, "Let's get out of here. Now." As they stood up, Jen could see that there were now at least ten to twelve men scattered around the theater that she had not notice come in. She became increasingly embarrassed as the thought of them seeing her sunk in. She quickly scampered out of the theater with her head down so no one would see her face. They proceeded quickly through the store and out to the street. Pablo flagged down a taxi and they jumped inside to head back to the hotel.
On the ride back, Pablo asked, "Jennifer, did you enjoy the movie?"
Jen sheepishly replied, "It was ok."
Pablo continued, "Did it arouse you with the other men in the theater."
Jen remarked, "No, it was embarrassing. I can't believe they saw us do that."
Pablo simply replied, "Jennifer."
Jen thought to herself for a moment. She didn't realize it at the time, but thinking about it now she became aware that the possibility of being seen had really turned her on. Jen hadn't realized just how much of an exhibitionist she was and how much she enjoyed it. Pablo had truly unleashed a side of her she did not know. Now that she knew ten or more men might have seen her fuck Pablo in that theater, she really enjoyed the idea of what they did. Jen became slightly aroused just thinking about it.
Jen finally answered Pablo and admitted, "Yes Pablo. It was a huge thrill to fuck you in that theater with the men watching." After saying it aloud, Jen realized just how true it was and smiled. Pablo smiled back as the taxi made its way up the drive of the hotel. They got out of the taxi and went to the elevators. They parted ways as Pablo got out on his floor and Jen made her way back to her room.
Jen walked into her hotel room as John was taking his jacket off by the closet. She remarked, "Hi honey! I'm sorry, have you been waiting long?"
John replied, "No, perfect timing. I just got here. You look fantastic. Sexy dress!"
Jen responded, "Thank you."
John asked, "How was your day with Pablo?"
Jen answered, "It was great."
John inquired, "Tell me all about it."
Jen removed her partially cum stained dress tossing it on the floor and jumped on the bed. She started to tell John about her day like a giddy schoolgirl telling her friends about her first date. "First, I went down to his room to see if he was available. He hadn't dressed yet and was still in his bathrobe. He invited me in and I ended up sucking his cock. Then he fucked me really hard on the bed. I came twice! Then he came on my face. Big time! Then he fucked me again in the shower. Then we went to the beach and I walked around topless at first, then fully nude! We went out to lunch and went shopping. I bought that dress. Then we went to dinner by the park. Then he took me to another bar and we danced for a while; real close like the other night. Then we left and he pulled me into an alley between the buildings. I sucked his cock again and then he fucked me right there in the alley. Then he took me to an adult store that had a movie theater in the back. He had me suck his cock again in the theater. Then he had me climb on top of him and I fucked him right there in the theater! Can you believe it? I think there were other people watching us. I don't know, it was really dark most of the time, so I couldn't tell if they could see."
John remarked, "Wow, that sounds like quite a day. Sounds like you had a great time."
Jen responded, "I did honey, it was great. Thank you so much for letting me play with Pablo."
John asked, "You have anything left for me tonight?"
Jen answered, "Of course. I just got really horny again talking about it!" They removed their remaining clothes and started kissing passionately on the bed, which then lead to very heated fucking. They fucked for a while longer as they both orgasmed and John came inside Jen filling her pussy with his warm cum. Now her night was complete, and they drifted off to sleep.