This place in South Texas actually did exist. It was on my bucket list of naturist experiences, but closed for whatever reason before I got there. ThisNude Day Story Contest 2023is the perfect opportunity to bring the old 'ranch by the side of a river' back to life. I hope you enjoy.
---------------------------------------------------------
Knowing the drive from Dallas wouldn't be very pleasant, I hired a driver. Riding in the back of my Jaguar SUV turned out to be the best idea. With Wi-Fi access, I would be able to conduct my usual business along the almost 6 hour drive. Now on the road, I was quickly engrossed in a very interesting real estate offering just South of San Antonio.
Taking a break from the screen when the car entered the toll road which takes us East of Austin, I realize I can't forget to thank my partner in El Paso. Just a few hours earlier, my driver emerged from her own Uber ride. When she got out, Jan was clearly a college-aged woman working a very lucrative job to get through college. Tall and stunning, her perfect curves were well defined by her clothes, but she showed no skin, just like a professional driver. I did, however, detect the lack of a bra as her breasts swayed ever so slightly under a vest with her movement.
"We're heading just past San Antonio." I told Jan, handing her a notecard with the address written on it.
"Looks like a full day." Jan said, with just a touch of bass in her voice.
Her voice was, shall we say, very sultry.
"Depending of how long this takes, I have a property in San Antonio proper where we can spend the night, if needed." I informed her.
"I have four days set aside, just in case."
"And, this is all business. You'll be paid time and a half if we stay overnight. I'll know more as we get going."
Jan proved herself more than capable as she powered the Jag down the highway. The backseat, very spacious in its own right, was the perfect spot to get work done. The property we had set out for was an old resort of sorts just outside San Antonio. Set on a few acres, on satellite it appeared like a community pool. It had a history of so much more.
Now closed, this property was a groundbreaker in a time long since past. It was a private club for weekend naturists. Keeping mostly to themselves, the members were simply solid South Texas citizens looking for an outlet. And find it they did. In its heyday, the resort bustled on any given day as people made their way there, almost religiously. For some, it was a pilgrimage worth taking.
My partners and I agreed we needed eyes on the property to gauge potential. We had several interesting ideas for the land itself, but it all started with the existing structures. Near a river and a small lake, it might make a nice destination bed and breakfast. We're thinking mini-home style buildings with a pool and small restaurant to serve guests.
Jan makes small work of the toll road. With a posted speed limit of 85, she guides the Jag through its paces, regularly exceeding 90 on the smooth roads of this relatively new highway. I remember when they opened it. They had a race car driver run a Cadillac through the toll sensors at well over 100 hours an hour. I wonder how many locals did the exact same thing.
After racking up toll after toll, we reach the outskirts of San Antonio and head west to the little village. A certain Doobie Brothers song comes to mind as we exit the highway to the little farm road. It is desolate. It is dusty and dirty. For the right clientele, it is a perfect distance from the big city allure of San Antonio, and smack dab in the middle of some ranch land.
Using the gate code from the local real estate agent, we bring in the Jag and close the gate behind us. This was a property obviously set up for privacy. With its tall metal fencing and abundant tall oak trees, people undoubtedly felt safe inside.
While the clubhouse looked to be in need of major repairs, the outdoor pool and accompanying covered seating around it looked to have aged well. Beyond the pool was a pathway.
"I'm going to check out this path. I think it may lead to the river." I told Jan.
She stayed several yards behind me, allowing me to scan the property without interruption. I took pictures, and texted several to my partners. The cell service was available, but noticeably weak. My pictures took a little time to send.
The river was a pleasant surprise. The recent weather systems last month brought much needed rain to the parched landscape, and the river was an immediate beneficiary. While the flow was slow, presumably due to the small dam down river for the lake, the water was clear and the trees near the waterline provided very nice shade.
Giving up on the cell signal, I simply kept taking pictures to send later.
"Hey, Jan? Do you mind standing next to the water? I want to give some idea of the size of the river to my friends."
"Sure." Jan replied, walking past me.
Stopping at the water, she removed her shoes and stood in the water while I took some pictures.
"Can I ask you a question? You can say no if you want." Jan asked.
"Sure, of course."
"Will you put your phone away for about 30 minutes?"
"Why?"
"If you are as trustworthy as you appear, I think you will be very happy you did so." Came her reply.
"Okay."
As quickly as I had put my phone away, Jan peeled off her shirt and thin camisole, then began working on her shorts.
"What are you doing?" I asked, trying not to stare, but damn, her breasts were incredibly perfect.
"I love this spot, and I was just imagining all the naturists who came here." She said.
"How did you know about it?"
"I saw a sign on the clubhouse. It had rules about behavior for the guests. It was clear everyone here was not only naked, but very respectful of all members."
"We're still working out details, but we haven't ruled out the naturist element yet. It depends on the local ordinances. We hope there are some grandfathered clauses we can use to reopen it."
All caught up in business talk, I was quickly brought back to reality as Jan stripped completely. Placing her clothes on the dry ground, she waded very slowly into the water. When she got up to her thighs in the water, Jan dove in with a small holler.
Still in shock, I decided to pick up her clothes so they didn't get too dirty, and watcher her swim around. Her ass came above the water several times as she dove up and down. Finally, she stopped, and turned to look at me.
In cinematic slowness, she walked out of the water. The wetness fell off her body as she exited, drips of water falling off her nipples, small streams working their way down her body. As her perfectly trimmed pussy came above the water, I backed up.
"I'll hold your clothes while you dry." I told her.
"Okay. Let's go see the rest of the property."
Turning my back to this fabulously nude woman, I walked back up the path. I could sense her naked form behind me. At the end of the path, I waited a moment for her to come next to me, and we walked around the property as she dried in the warm sunlight.
My partners will never believe me when I tell them all this. That is, if I decide to tell them. I can't take pictures. This is just too safe of a space to lose her trust. As I think to myself, Jan moves away from me and as a result, also her clothes. She wanders to my left, seemingly in her own thoughts.
The pool, long since emptied and in need of thorough repairs, offers no respite from the heat. Jan sits on the concrete near the centerpiece of this property and dries in the direct sun.
As I move around, I keep an eye on her. It's hard to look elsewhere. First, she spreads her legs a little and allows the rays of sunshine to hit her most intimate parts. Turning over, I notice a slight darkness to her skin, but no tanlines. She is a natural for this place.
I walk about 20 feet from her, and place her clothes on the ground.
"Enjoy yourself while I look around some more."
"Looks like your 30 minutes are up. Feel free to take pictures."
I give her a quizzical look.
"For your own needs of course. Think of me as a ghost from the very naked past of this club."
"That I can do."
We began a very interesting dance of sorts. I walked around, taking nonchalantly, but obviously had Jan in most of the pictures. My phone battery paid the price, and I eventually had to stop.
"Any decision on whether we're heading back tonight?" Jan asked, referring our earlier discussion of her contracted time.
"Let's stay one night, come back tomorrow to answer any questions from my partners, then head back."
"Okay. Any chance we're staying at a house with a pool?"
"Of course, it has one. Most of our properties do." I reply, watching Jan stand.
Her pussy spreads ever so slightly as she stands. I probably drooled a little at the sight, and decide to walk toward the car while Jan dresses.
"Good, because I'll need to cool off. That river looked great, but I can't drive a Jag when I'm dripping wet."
"I appreciate that, and I'm pretty sure you'll appreciate the privacy at the house. You'll be able to swim naked again."
"Doesn't matter. I have an exhibitionist streak, and once I feel safe, I just keep going."
"Exhibitionist, huh? I dated one a few years ago. The sex was, shall we say, very interesting."
"I'm not promising anything, but first thing is I don't want to violate any terms of my driving contract. But yes, the sex is the icing on the cake when I show off."
"And to think tomorrow is National Nude Day." I say, remembering that past girlfriend.
"Ah yes, the holy grail for us. I learned about it in college, and made a few trips with girlfriends from school. I'm not sure if it's so much the actual day, or the buildup and anticipation to July 14."
"Don't worry about the contract. You are providing a much needed service in a most intimate way. While I can't keep you on the property in San Antonio, I can't let you take the Jaguar anywhere. However, I'm sure I can handle driving duties if you need anything."
"Sweet. That bodes well for tomorrow." Jan smiles as she dresses.
I'm not sure I've ever talked to a naked woman for so long. I sure hope we can continue this tomorrow. My business group will never believe my good luck. Back in the car, we head up the road into San Antonio where our company has a nice house near downtown. It doubles as an office when any of us are in town to locate real estate deals.
Using the gate code I provide, Jan drives us into the driveway and parks. It's an old Victorian style house that had seen better days. We got quite the deal, and rehabbed it to meet our needs. We installed the gate system, so only a small front yard remained accessible. A local maintenance company takes care of the yard and general upkeep.
I gave Jan a brief tour of the house. We started upstairs so she could see her room, then we headed down to check out the kitchen, office, living area, and then the outside pool with full kitchen and bathroom.
I was anticipating the pool so much, I failed to notice Jan removing her clothes, item by item, as we walked around the first floor. By the time we walked out the last door to the pool, Jan's naked body was again a welcome surprise.
The late afternoon sun still dominated the outside temperature, and Jan fell into the welcoming waters. At the outdoor kitchen, I grabbed a beer and took in the sight of my nude driver enjoying the relief provided by the pool.
"Can I ask a question without seeming presumptuous?" Jan asked.
"Sure."
"Are we eating in, or going out for dinner?"
"Why?"
"Your answer will determine my next movements."
"I'll order some delivery. Chinese okay?"
"That will be great. Now, please know I am completely at a loss for how my body feels. I need to do something I have only done a few times."
"You have my utmost attention." I reply, taking a drink of beer.
Jan then gets out of the pool, and sits with the sun to her back, and facing me. Spreading her legs, Jan is obviously turned on. Her pussy is swollen, and swells even more as she touches herself. Rubbing her labia with just a single finger, Jan closes her eyes. I can see the complete ecstasy in her body as her hips move slightly at her own touch.
After a minute, Jan allows a finger to enter her cunt, then another, and she spreads herself even more wide open for my eyes. Opening her eyes, Jan looks into my mine as deeply as any girl ever has. We maintain this visual contact as she rubs just a little harder. As each of the fingers on her hand find their way into her pussy, Jan is soon hand fucking herself into oblivion. She moves quickly and expertly with her fingers, and I see the oncoming waves of orgasm take hold.
Rather than use her hand to finish, Jan removes all her fingers and sits up. Keeping herself open for my eyes, she then pinches each of her nipples. As she tightens her fingers, the orgasms move through her body. Our eyes never leave each other and I watch Jan cum for me, over and over.
"Okay, now I'm hungry. Really hungry. I need a shower."
"Right there is a full bathroom." I point at the outdoor bathroom.
"Cool. Anything Chinese works.." Jan smiles at me and walks to the bath.
While our dinner could have been all about sex, it turned into business. Jan, as it turned out, was a Master's student in Marketing. I needed a few ideas for this possible property for the owner's group, and she seemed interested in putting her professional talents to work.
I sent her all the pictures I took of the property, even those with her included, and asked for as many ideas as possible. As long as the property had been on the market, I didn't see any need to rush her. Therefore, we decided to go visit the site in the morning, then return to the office in Dallas where she would have access to our design programs.
I think I saw Jan drool like a business owner with a naked woman in his pool. I left her in the office, and headed to bed.
In college, and now several years later, I still pride myself on being an early riser. I rarely use an alarm clock, normally waking well before sunrise. Intending to walk quietly to the kitchen so as to not disturb Jan, I am instead surprised to hear the shower running. Impressive.
Walking by the office, I see the whiteboard filled with notes. Someone burned the midnight oil. After brewing a pot of coffee, I return, mug in hand, and begin scanning the board. Taking a seat in the desk chair, I turn on the computer and take mental notes from the neatly created ideas before me.
As impressive as the notes on the board are, I'm stunned by what I find on the computer. Jan is not only into marketing, she has quite the artistic ideas. She created several sales proposals. The first one I open expertly displays the property using some of my pictures. She had also superimposed some mini-home village ideas onto a map of the property to create a bed and breakfast. Jan was a very good listener.
After refreshing my mug, I sat back at the computer and saw a slideshow tab at the bottom of the display. I opened it and found an even more stunning idea. The first slide set the stage for reopening the land as a naturist resort. Just below the name for the resort at the top of the slide was a closeup of a sun rising over Jan's ass. She had edited some of my pictures of her and used them throughout the presentation.
Not that my pictures were expertly artistic, but Jan matched them to her ideas. If her ass on the first slide didn't bring in the customers, then the rest of her body surely will. Jan created daily themes for this presentation.
Monday was 'Long Live the Weekend Day' and the picture featured a bloody mary perched on her stomach. Tuesday was 'Titties Out Tuesday' with a closeup of one of her nipples. Wednesday was 'Hump Day' of course, and gave us another look at her delicious ass. I wonder how many pictures I took of that.
Thursday was 'Thigh Day' and used a closeup of her thighs with just a hint of pussy lips. Friday was 'Fuck Day' and had a picture of her wide open cunt. I think she took that picture herself. Saturday was 'Sexy Saturday' and featured a social media type post with matching hashtag. To finish off the week, Sunday was 'Sinful Sunday'. Both weekend pages used multiple pictures of Jan's perfect body.
I scanned through the slides a few times. One picture of Jan's ass really got the blood flowing, and I could feel my cock harden.
A voice behind me brought me right back down to earth.
"Do you like?" Jan asked, draping an arm around my shoulder and down my chest.
"Very impressive." I answered.
She smelled very clean, and a few strands of wet hair hit my cheek as Jan moved in to advance the slideshow on her own.
"I just had idea after idea, and didn't want to stop. This one was particularly fun to create. Thank you for the pictures."
"You're welcome, of course. You are obviously a good listener. How many of your ideas can I share with our ownership group?"
"They belong to you now. Use them as you see fit."
"Even this one?" I said, pointing at the slideshow. Jan's ass displayed before us.
"Yes."
Sensing an opportunity, I turned my head, kissed Jan on the cheek, and then moved to stand.
"I appreciate your ideas. You'll get some sort of payment for the submission of ideas, and even more if we use one."
"When do you want me ready to leave?" Jan asked, standing up and out of my way.
"I just need a shower. 30 minutes?" I answered, scanning her body which was covered in only a towel.
"Sure thing." Jan replied as she turned around, dropped the towel, and walked away as she dried her hair.
Wow. That shower better be a cold one. Under the cascading water of the shower, I'm treated to one more surprise.
"Can I make a request?" I hear from the other side of the shower curtain. Jan has let herself in.
"Ummm, okay."
"Will you watch me one more time?"
"Of course."
"Then pull that curtain open." Jan directs.
Standing there in all my nakedly wet glory, Jan is similarly nude. Just as she did yesterday, Jan moves to the floor, spreads herself wide open, then begins rubbing her pussy while staring at my rapidly hardening cock. I continue soaping up my body, while keeping my eyes on her intimate movements.
Jan doesn't last nearly as long as she did last night. After a few orgasms, she reclined onto her back.
"Your turn, boss." Jan says, lying down on the floor and closing her eyes.
I make short work of my hardon. Squirting my load into the shower, Jan is like having a centerfold right there on the floor. Her upright breasts move with her breathing, and I can see her legs relax.
"Thank you." I start to move the curtain back.
"Your kiss set my body on fire. I had to see what you looked like, and I really needed the outlet."
"You are magnificent, and I hope we can go out on a real date when we return." I say, peering around the curtain.
Jan has turned over, and is stretching her back. Getting one more glimpse of her pussy, I watch as she brings herself to her feet.
"An actual first date?" Jan smiles, and walks up to me and kisses me on the lips.
"Only if you trust me." I keep the curtain between us.
"You earned that yesterday. Maybe we can compare favorite places back in Dallas?"
Turning off the water, I reach around the curtain for my towel. Jan pulls the curtain aside, standing there still naked, and beckons me to her. She has my towel in her hands.
I step out of the shower. Instead of handing me the towel, Jan begins drying my body off. Starting at my shoulders, she works her way down my chest, then steps around my body to work on my backside. As she gets to my ass, she lingers ever so gently, then works the towel around my body, and moves it in drying motions on my dick.
I feel Jan kneel as she moves the towel down the front of my legs. The gentle touch of her lips on my ass brings a wonderful sensation all over as Jan dries each leg slowly and deliberately.
Once she is done, Jan stands. I can feel her breasts press into my back as she gives me a slow hug. I take the towel from her hands, and look down as Jan's arms remain wrapped around my body, and begin moving down.
At my hips, Jan holds on and begins kissing my back.
"You are as delicious as you look." Jan says, licking some remaining water off my back.
"And you are amazing." I want to turn around so much, but decide I love her touch too much.
"Let's get rolling. We don't want to waste too much of this National Nude Day." Jan tells me, giving me one last hug by wrapping her arms around my waist, just above my semi-erect cock.
"Yes. The sooner we get back to Dallas, the better." I almost forgot about today.
Jan is even more relaxed now. Instead of a modest, professional attire, she dresses in tight athletic shorts which show off just a touch of cheek, and a matching 'Hooters' top. It is like a sports bra, and zips up the front. She has left it mostly unzipped.
When we get back to the property, things progress quickly. Jan takes care of the gate, both opening and closing it. After she closes it behind us, she walks up to my window and removes her top. As her nipples harden under my stare, she likewise removes her shorts.
Once we're parked by the clubhouse, Jan gets out. Without a stitch of clothing in sight, she moves confidently around the property once again. At the empty pool, I decide to join her and remove my clothes.
Quietly, we take each other's hand and walk together down the path to the river. Without hesitation, we both wade into the water and move silently together.
"I never expected this." I whisper into Jan's ear as we embrace.
"Normally, I wouldn't work today, but the money was too good to pass up. And now I have you. Pretty good day overall." Her smile tells me all I need to know.
Having seen all of Jan, I'm still surprised by how good her pussy feels as it envelops my cock. We move in unison, passionately kissing under the rising sun. Jan stops, looks me in the eyes, and gets off me.
"Come on." She beckons.
Back at the clubhouse, Jan again lays down on the concrete.
"Sit in front of me."
I do so, finding the surface still cool enough to enjoy without burning my ass.
We face each other. Jan takes the lead, and begins rubbing herself. I take my cock in my hand and stroke myself lightly.
"Please lay back. I want to taste you." I say, stopping my hand.
"Let's do it this way." Jan answers, and gets up.
Walking around me, she stands behind me.
"Lean back." Her words are few, but meaningful.
As I lay back, Jan places her feet on either side of my head. Then, she kneels down and places her pussy right in front of my face. As I inhale her aroma, Jan falls forward to place her lips on my cock. Taking the cue, I slowly insert my tongue into her, and begin exploring the soft skin outside her pussy before going all in.
What's left of the water from the river complements her personal juices, and I suck all of them in. Jan is wonderfully delicious. I hope my cock tastes as good as she does because her mouth has completely engulfed it. She has angled her neck in such a way as to be able to suck all of me at one time.
After looking down at Jan's mouth, I lean back and spread her as wide open as possible with my fingers, then pull her down squarely onto my face. I close my eyes and allow all of her softness to cover even my eyes. Now, it's a race to see who can last the longest. I begin moving my hips up and down, and Jan replies in kind by sucking just the end of my dick.
As I unload into her mouth, Jan's juices flow freely all over my face. Enjoying every ounce of each other, we move back to the river as soon as we can stand. Along the banks of the water, we relax.
"So, what's the plan, boss?"
"First, no more 'boss'. We're way past that. Second, let's enjoy the sun, then go back to town to clean up, eat, then head back."
"Sounds good. Guess I have to drop my rates since you're not the 'boss' anymore." Jan smiles.
"You've earned our company bonus, that's for sure."
"I do want you to know I'll be enjoying the rest of the day like this. Undressed, that is."
"Our bonus schedule doesn't cover that, but I'll figure something out."
"I'm sure you will." Jan laughs, and gets up.
"I need a workout." I tell Jan.
Getting up next to her, I grab Jan and carry her into the water. After dunking both of our bodies in the river, I then throw her body across my right shoulder and carry her up the path to the clubhouse area. She doesn't fight me, so I'm able to keep her balanced and make short work of the slight incline up.
We dry off in the sunshine once again, then head back to the Jag.
"Just get in. I'll do the rest.". My driver tells me.
Jan guides the car back to the gate, gets out, opens the gate, drives thru the gate, gets out again to lock the gate, then we head out. She remained naked the entire time. As promised. I only wish our gate at the office didn't have a coded entry.
That said, Jan still manages to surprise me.
"Oh darn, I'm too far away from the keypad. Guess I'll have to get out." Jan smiles into the rear view mirror when we pull up to the office entrance.
The distance to the gate is long enough for her to pull the Jag up, then she steps out the open door and enters the gate code. The gate doesn't budge an inch. She tries again. No luck.
"Remind me of the code." Jan says as I open my window to see what's wrong.
She enters it again. No dice.
"You may have to wait a moment for the keypad to reset." I suggest.
"That's probably it."
After a moment of standing there, Jan tries again. This time she's successful, and we head inside.
"I'm glad today's such an awesome holiday for you. I could get used to a nude driver service." I get out of the car.
"Ummm, I'll do whatever you want. Nude gate code entry is one of my many skillsets."
"I see." I said with a look of suspicion.
"Next time, make sure you give me the wrong code."
"Come here and let me see how much you enjoyed that." I direct Jan.
She dutifully stands before me. I spread her legs with my hand, and gently inspect her folds. Sure enough, she is lightly dripping.
"Did you imagine yourself doing that the whole way here?"
"Uhhhhh." Was all Jan could manage as I fingered her right there in the driveway.
Sensing her heightened arousal, I picked Jan up once again and took her back to the pool where I tossed her in. I jumped in next to her, and we immediately began fucking. No way I'm getting out of her this time. We fuck in just about every part of the pool, never once disengaging from each other.
Jan rides me into her own oblivious state of orgasm. Holding on and watching her, I feel fortunate to cum one more time. It's probably not much, but Jan tightens herself so I can feel every moment of my own orgasm.
Instead of using either the outdoor bathroom, or the primary bathroom, we wash each other under the cold water provided by the outdoor shower used for rinsing off. Neither of us have any inkling to get dressed, and we head inside to cook whatever we can find in the kitchen. Finding nothing is not surprising. Jan orders pizza delivery, and of course, she will wait by the door completely naked.
I decide to use this little downtime to do some work, and open my emails. My partners have questions.
"Hey, would you like to manage our social media presence for this property, no matter how we proceed with the rehab?" I ask Jan.
"I can do that. One caveat: school comes first." Jan answers while scanning the front drive.
"Can you handle proprietary hashtag issues?" I hope these questions don't get too technical, but we have to keep initial costs under control.
"We can use property specific hashtags to eliminate any legal issues, but social media is usually colorblind to legalities as long as we don't file any as unique in any business registrations. In other words, put only the property name on the city or county paperwork, and the hashtags will take care of themselves."
"I'll let my partners know our social media presence will be well-maintained." I'm done with this topic.
"Just give me a flat rate and let me prove myself." Jan tells me.
"Okay, next question: what do you want to be paid for any of the ideas for the resort should we use them?"
"Single day driver's rate per each."
"Wow, you drive a hard bargain."
"Well, I think I found a suitable place for my talents, and I could use a fun project while I finish my Master's classes."
"I hope you use these ideas, to a certain extent, for your classwork."
"Haha, of course. Here comes the pizza." Jan tells me, opening the door.
Rather than standing in the doorway, she actually walks out front and closes the door. I can see her silhouette in the prisms of the window glass. What she doesn't know, and I do, is that the door automatically locks. This should be fun.
As it turns out, Jan is more than up for the challenge. Rather than banging on the door, Jan simply walks around the side of house when she finds the door locked. When I see her walk away, I go and open the door. Peeking around the edge of the door, I see the pizza delivery guy standing there, mouth wide open.
"Girls, huh?" I ask, catching his attention.
"National Nude Day? Who knew?" He replied, still watching for Jan, and then he headed back to his car.
Closing the door, I head into the kitchen and await my own special delivery. And deliver Jan does. In all her glory, she brings in the pizza.
"Glad I knew the gate code. There was no way around back without going to the driveway gate. Hey, did you lock the front door?"
"No. It automatically locks. I swear." I answer, crossing my naked chest with my right hand.
"Doesn't matter. It was perfect. I bet more pizza delivery guys work on July 14th now."
"No doubt. Let's eat, and talk money, shall we?"
"It's really no point to do any talking. I'll accept whatever you offer in compensation. Simply ensure job descriptions are specific."
"Done. Now, let's finish off this holiday in style. Any requests?"
"Do you have any camping gear?" Jan asks.
"I do have some gear we moved here from our place on the lake near Austin. We made bank on that property."
After finding a tent, a stainless firepit, and a cooler, Jan and I decide to head back to the resort and camp along the river. We'll just need fresh water.
Soon, we're back at the river. After setting up the tent, we take a dip in the water while the early evening fades into darkness.
"I think the one thing this place had going for it back in the day, was the fact they didn't advertise it as a place for sex. We may have to tone down some of the ideas you gave us, but the ownership group seems intent on providing a complete naturist experience." I tell Jan.
"Sounds perfect. Like I said yesterday, the sex isn't the reason I like to show off. It's simply the thrill of being myself in my own skin." Jan leans over for a kiss.
"And what lovely skin it is." I kiss her back.
"Here's to a wonderful beginning of a hopefully productive partnership." Jan pushes me back, and begins to mount me.
"I thought you said the sex wasn't...." I'm cut off.
"Do you want me, or not?"
"Yes, and for as long as you'll have me." I gaze into her eyes.
"Then let me ride my cowboy off into the sunset."
And Jan does just that. As I hold onto her knees, she gets comfortable with me inside her, and rides me until I can no longer see her eyes due to the darkness. This is going to be some partnership.