Author Note: This is an older story series I've resurrected while I get back into the swing of things. I'm hoping to finish it and get some great feedback in the process. I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for taking the time to read it.
Chapter 1
Justin Cavalier was a photographer. And a darn good one at that. But the last couple of years had not been kind to him. Sitting in the living room of his best friends Sophie and Hank Millington, Justin sipped at his scotch on the rocks. Hank was a banker and had been friends with Justin for the better part of ten years. Hank was a good head height shorter than Justin, but kept in shape and often tried to look like a muscled action star from decades passed. He was always immaculately groomed with not a hair out of place. Justin was always slender and easy on the eyes as he was always told. Not the hottest guy around, Hank was the one to think of himself that way, but still attractive enough that Justin would always garner a second look from the opposite sex.
Sophie was a salesperson for a local car dealership and was often ranked in the top two performers each month. Her bubbly personality, platinum blonde hair, model-like face and slender body helping with those sales figures. Her laugh was infectious, and she could put people at ease by simply talking with them. She was lovely, but she also knew how to look sexy and keep people on side. Being easy on the eyes was what attracted Hank to her in the first place. That and he saw Sophie as a trophy, even if he had never let on that was the case.
Justin had known Sophie for nearly fifteen years, given that she was his deceased wife's best friend from school. They got on a like a house on fire and were good friends straight away. When he lost his wife Bethany, Sophie was there as support along with her husband Hank. Nothing was ever too much trouble and they made sure he was back on his feet in no time. The support network that they built around him, was truly wonderful and he owed them a lot. The dirty dozen, as he called them were lifelong friends that he and his wife had been part of, as they traversed this thing called life.
Dinner had gone well, with Justin enjoying everyone's company. Next time it would be at his place, with a full-on barbecue, and some warmer weather. Hopefully they could get a small pool going and have a pool party, which would be a change from the formal dining they had been used to. Justin filled his glass with two fingers of scotch and sat down on the sofa in Sophie and Hank's living room. A place he would often call his second home. He looked to his left where there was a photo of the four of them sitting on the side table. Bethany was hugging Sophie, her bright smile a delight. Her long dark brown hair loose and waving in the wind. In Justin's eyes she was beautiful. Hell, he would often compliment his wife only for her to blush and tell him to stop. It didn't matter if others said the same thing, she always would blush and shake her head. But it was true, there was just something about her that was attractive. Bethany and Sophie were of a similar build, with Bethany having wider hips and a different jaw line to Sophie. Both of them had been cheerleaders in high school, but Sophie always seemed more popular with the opposite sex. Perhaps it was to do with her personality, given that Bethany was a little bit shyer and not as extroverted as Sophie. Justin smiled, remembering that picture, the four of them having fun at a concert.
"What's it been, nearly two years now?" Sophie asked looking at Justin. The breast cancer that Bethany had was aggressive, and it quickly took hold, shortening her life considerably. They tried to make her comfortable and do things she always wanted to do, but time was short. They didn't get to do everything. It had haunted Justin for a while.
"Yeah, that's gone by quick," Justin replied looking into his drink. "I never would have thought I would have gotten this far." Having lost his wife Bethany, of ten years, Justin still caught up with the dirty dozen as they called themselves. His and Bethany's friends who were more like family than anything else. Sophie Millington had been their maid of honour at his wedding to Bethany and was still checking up on him every day since her passing. The six couples that made up the group caught up monthly for dinner, and this time it was at Sophie's bequest that they all have dinner at her place. The two-year anniversary of Bethany's death was fast approaching and she knew that Justin shouldn't be alone at this time of year. Everyone bar Justin had already left, with Sophie and Hank pleading with him to spend the night instead of going to his empty house. Justin agreed and figured it would be worthwhile to drown his sorrows and not have to drive.
"Beth's passing was a loss to us all," Sophie said sipping her wine. "So, how's business going?"
"Oh, so-so," Justin said taking a swig of his scotch. That was an understatement, but he simply felt like getting drunk and forgetting his troubles. Not that he was much of a drinker.
"That good huh?" Hank asked sitting back down next to his buddy. Primped and always seemingly on show was how Hank seemed to relax. There was only one state and that was it. Everybody else would slump into the couch, but not Hank. It just wasn't his style.
"Well, yeah, no," Justin replied with a sigh. "I think I've got probably three months left before I need to close the doors and find another job. Six, if I'm lucky."
"What?!" Hank asked astonished at the admission his best friends business was failing.
"The work just isn't coming in. I've tried a couple of things, but nothing is working," Justin replied flatly. Truth be told, it hadn't been the same since Bethany had died. He had his assistant Miriam working for him, but the photography jobs just seemed so hard to come by, not that he was trying very hard to get many. He had taken a few knocks in recent months, losing some corporate jobs to others and even missing out on a wedding, which only made him sink further into his current situation.
"What do you think would turn it around?" Sophie asked sitting on the edge of her seat.
"Simply put," Justin replied feeling courageous enough to answer truthfully. Sophie nodded and Hank shrugged while sipping his beer. "I think a nude pictorial would do it. A book of tasteful nudes, would sell like hotcakes."
"Nudes? Really?" Hank asked astonished at the admission. Sophie on the other hand didn't seemed phased by it.
"Tasteful nudes are popular," Sophie said sipping her wine.
"Damn right. The last one I heard about sold a million copies. If I could get half that," Justin said sipping his drink and thinking about all the possibilities of such a successful project. "It'd keep the doors open for a long time..."
"So why don't you just do it?" Hank asked sculling what was left of his beer.
"Do you need help or," Sophie asked wondering why Justin hadn't delved in head first and simply done it. It wasn't like him to give up like he had.
"If I only had the guts to do it, you know, put out a book like that," Justin said downing his scotch. "I'd probably be doing ok. It'd get my confidence back up and get the studio back on track."
"A book, of artistic portraits and the like?" Hank asked curiously.
"Yeah, black and white nudes, that's the market at the moment," Justin replied frankly. "I just need to find some people to take photos of, hopefully not too expensive though, as I don't have that much cash at the moment."
"I see," Hank said with a grin. Justin didn't notice but Sophie had an idea of what it was about.
"I'm sure something will come up," Sophie said giving Hank a knowing look. Unbeknownst to Justin, Sophie was cooking up a plan to get her friend back on track and Hank was all for it.
Chapter 2
Miriam Greene dusted the furniture in the large studio. She was the twenty-five-year-old assistant that Justin had hired a few years before Bethany died. Miriam had been a rock for Justin, always being a shoulder to lean on and an ear to listen when he needed it most. She was wise beyond her years and beautiful to boot. She had a lovely soul and that is what Justin admired most about the curvaceous brunette. Funnily, for someone so pretty, he often wondered if she was single or not, given that Miriam never talked about anyone. There had to be hundreds of men that tried to pick her up, not to mention a number of women over the years. But still, he never felt comfortable to ask given that she would let on she was by herself on weekends and what not. Perhaps she kept it a secret because she felt ashamed, not that he knew, but that didn't matter to Justin and he didn't care. He simply wanted her to be happy.
"Good morning," Justin said warmly to Miriam. He handed her an envelope and she stopped, looking at him quizzically.
"Morning," Miriam said opening the envelope slowly as if it was some prank.
"I know it's a little early, but I thought I would give it to you now," Justin said with a smile. "I hope you don't mind."
"Not at all. But you didn't have to do this," Miriam said looking at the tickets to the concert of her favourite band and a gift voucher to her favourite clothing store. She looked at Justin with surprise and then excitement.
"Nonsense. Your birthday is after they're in town and I figured you'd like to go... so, what's a couple of weeks early?" Justin said seeing Miriam's eyes light up. Her eyes sparkled when she smiled.
"Oh, thank you Justin," Miriam said giving him a big warm hug. He hesitated and then put his arms around her when it was obvious she wasn't letting go quickly. "It means a lot."
"You're welcome," Justin said as Miriam pulled back and seemed to jump for joy.
"I can't wait! This is awesome!" Miriam said walking over to her desk and putting the present in her handbag. "Giddy up, big boy!" That was what she always said when she was excited.
Before they could converse any further the front door to the studio opened and Sophie walked in, her casual style relaxing the excitement in the room. Instead of her usual corporate suits and attire, Sophie was in skin tight jeans and a white t-shirt that seemed to flatter her figure. Her hips sways as she walked in, her small handbag slung over one shoulder while she flipped her blonde locks over the other shoulder with her free hand. Sophie had a way of lighting up a room when she entered. The only other person Justin knew to be able to do that was Bethany and to him, his late wife sparkled.
"Hey," Justin said as Sophie walked with him to the office at the back.
"Hi," Sophie said reaching over and kissing him on the cheek. He gave her a hug as was customary and showed her to the couch in the office.
"What brings you by?" Justin asked sitting down next to her and causing their legs to touch.
"Jules will be here any minute," Sophie replied with a smile. True to her word, Julia knocked on the office door frame and peered inside. Her smile led her into the office and her eyes lit up when she saw both Sophie and Justin. Dressed in a pant suit, Julia was a picture of old-style beauty. She wasn't perfect by any measure, her teeth weren't completely straight, but gave her character and her ears were a sore point for her. Julia's dark red hair was always coifed in an old-style fashion, looking like she was from the nineteen forties or fifties, and today was no different. She had long legs and was slender even though she was shapely in all the areas that counted.
"Hey," Julia said putting her handbag down and walking with arms outstretched to give Sophie a hug. They embraced, pecking each other on the lips which was standard fare amongst their group of friends. She then turned her attention to Justin.
"Hi Jules," Justin said as she hugged him tightly and pecked him on the lips.
"It's good to see you," Julia said looking into Justin's eyes. He motioned for her to take a seat on the couch while he pulled up a chair and sat in front of them.
"You too Jules," Justin said warmly. She smiled at him and patted his knee before crossing her legs and getting comfortable. She had an elegance about her, like a British aristocrat.
"I've been giving your dilemma some thought," Sophie said happily. "And I think we've come up with a solution."
"We?" Justin asked wondering who she had spoken to, considering it was only her and Hank at dinner.
"Yes, we," Julia said with a smirk and a nod. It was obvious she wasn't about to be kept out of this conversation.
"I've been doing a lot of thinking and I think we can make this work, if you'll have me help that is?" Sophie said touching his leg. Justin looked at both of them and waited to see if there was any more to be said.
"Ok, you've got some models lined up ready to go?" Justin asked seeing Sophie's face change. "I am assuming you are talking about my lack of work dilemma and not something else, right?"
"That's the one," Sophie said with a smirk.
"So, what's the problem? Why the look?" Justin asked wondering what was going on.
"Well, it's like this, I don't know any models," Sophie replied her demeanour changing for a moment and then back to normal.
"And I don't either, but," Julia said but Justin cut her off.
"So, what then? No models, no photos," Justin said trying to understand how Sophie was going to solve his nude portfolio problem.
"Well, we thought you could shoot us," Sophie said with a smile.
"Us?" Justin asked unsure of what she meant.
"Yes, us. Me, Julia, Hank, Lucy, Scott, Barbie, Holly," Sophie replied but Justin cut in.
"The dirty dozen? You want to pose nude... for me?" Justin asked unsure if this was a good idea. Julia seemed to be brimming with excitement which was washing off on Sophie.
"Not just nude. We'd have to work up to that, but yes, us. We are in pretty great shape," Sophie replied with a smile.
"I think it'd be a fabulous idea," Julia said still smiling like a Cheshire cat. "Our group is pretty liberal. We all get along like family and when someone is in need we all chip in. That's what we do. Remember?"
"No. I can't do that. I can't ask you to do that," Justin said rejecting the idea. "It would be weird."
"No, it wouldn't! And besides, with my sales background, I think we could make a big go of it, get you back on track," Sophie said proudly. "And I won't be taking no for an answer."
"We're going to do this," Julia said in a firm tone. She was known to get her own way. "We're not called the dirty dozen for nothing you know."
"And here I was thinking the name was because of that gladiator mud game 'thing' we won as a team," Justin said shaking his head, but he knew what she meant.
"Come on, we've gone past that. Lucy is filthy, Simon too, the dirty stuff he comes up with, not to mention Hank and I. Never mind Hank and I," Sophie said as Julia laughed.
"We're all dirty in some way," Julia said covering her mouth slightly with her hand in a very lady-like manner.
"But..." Justin said but Sophie cut him off.
"But nothing! And what about Miriam?" Sophie asked looking at his assistant as she pottered around the studio.
"What about her?" Justin replied looking at his lovely assistant.
"She'd photograph well," Sophie said with a nod.
"I agree, the more the merrier," Julia said looking at Sophie and giving her a look that Justin didn't pick up on.
"No! That's crossing the line," Justin said feeling protective of Miriam in a way he didn't realise. He didn't let on, but wanted to keep things professional with Miriam. She was lovely and had a curvaceous shape, but he didn't want to ruin all his friendships over a book.
"Ok, fine. It's settled then. Julia will be in here tomorrow and we can start," Sophie said firmly, with Julia giving a nod of approval.
"I'm so excited! I'm tingling all over," Julia said as the two ladies clutched hands like excited schoolgirls.
"Julia? Why Julia first? Are you sure about this?" Justin asked wondering how it could all come together so quickly. This all felt like a bit of a setup and Justin wanted to make sure he wasn't getting into something he would regret.
"She was the one that suggested it," Sophie replied with a shrug. "Once the idea was borne, everybody jumped at the chance to help out. Simple really."
"Sorry Justin, but it's true. I've wanted you to shoot me for a while, but things never really lined up. Now, well, it's a good excuse and I think it's going to be fabulous!" Julia said giddy with excitement.
"Oh," Justin said with a nod. Sophie took his hand and looked into his eyes.
"We all love you Justin. We'd do anything to help get you back on your feet. It can't have been easy not to have someone to be with through all this," Sophie said warmly. "So, just let us help you. Okay?"
"Okay," Justin said with a weak smile. The fact that his friends had wanted to help him like this meant the world. He would never have guessed they would go this far for him, but here they were going the extra mile. All he could do was pull it all together and make them proud.
"And you are going to keep me looking natural, aren't you? Get my best features?" Julia said more as a statement than a question. Justin knew what she was on about, having to put her opinion forward to get what she wanted.
"Yes, of course," Justin said but Julia cut in again.
"I don't want it to look pornographic. It has to be natural and tasteful and," Julia said but Justin put his hand on her knee which seemed to get her attention.
"Just let me handle it okay? I promise to take every flattering angle and make you look like a supermodel," Justin said which seemed to warm Julia's heart and cool her ambitious nature. The smile she had said it all, she was content with his answer.
"So, do we have any research material we can use to help get us in the mood?" Sophie said with a giggle. That girlish giggle was infectious and made people laugh, even if they didn't want to.
"Sure do, peruse these and you'll get the idea of what I'm going for," Justin said handing Sophie a few black and white nude photos. She looked at them slowly and seemed to be checking them out intently.
"They are beautiful!" Sophie said in astonishment, as her eyes widened further at each beautiful photo.
"Holy cow, these are amazing!" Julia said looking at the photos in awe. "I'd buy several copies of the book if we looked like this!"
"I had no idea. So, you won't see our faces?" Sophie asked inquisitively.
"Not unless you want to, no," Justin said which seemed to cheer up Sophie further, which he thought impossible, given how bubbly she had been.
"What are you going to call the book?" Julia asked still scanning the photos.
"I'm not sure. How about the Dirty Dozen?" Justin replied with a smirk referencing their friendship group. Both Julia and Sophie seemed to like the name, nodding in agreement. Not that Justin had set anything in concrete yet.
"This is going to be so much fun," Sophie said happily. "I can't wait."
"Me either! Justin, this is going to be great, you wait and see," Julia said grabbing his knee once more but not letting go of it. Justin suddenly felt there was more going on that meets the eye but didn't want to cause a commotion at the moment. He had to think through things and see if he was being silly or not. Time would tell. But Julia would look good in these shots, she had the body for it and Justin knew this book would sell well with the right look. Now all he had to was pull it off.
Chapter 3
Julia Moorsefield was nervous. She had known Justin and his late wife for nearly a decade and was totally comfortable around them. But this was different. There was something exciting yet nerve racking about it all. The studio consisted of a large room off the reception area, where this lighting stage was set up, a smaller room off to the left for portraits, changing rooms on the right, a small office at the back and a kitchenette that looked incredibly smart in amongst it all. The walls had pictures of landscapes, corporate buildings and people in various poses on the walls displaying the kind of work Justin undertook. The stark white paint underpinned it all, with some painted brick and big windows at the front letting in plenty of natural light at the reception desk. The studio was in the heart of the CBD, with side lane access and a pleasant frontage on the main street. In the right hands, this real estate would be worth a fortune. Justin was lucky to have picked it up years ago when everything was still cheap.
Julia knew she wasn't as youthful as she once was, being in her mid-thirties wasn't all it was cracked up to be. While she tried to stay fit and healthy, it was getting harder to keep the weight off compared to her youth. Being behind a desk all day didn't help either. Her high paying, corporate business manager job often kept her seated, in meetings and eating food on the run. Not that many people noticed but it was having an effect on her body and her mood. She liked to be as natural as possible and treat her body as a temple. After all, if she looked after it, it would look after her. Julia prided herself on her natural appearance and it was often a point of pride amongst the group for her, even if she wore makeup most of the time. The dirty dozen always thought she was nice, even though she had a formidable side to her. She liked to win at most things, with the joke going around the group that she told her husband David to propose and marry her before she was thirty. Of course, she never denied it, but everyone could see she liked to be in as much control as possible.
When Julia had heard about Justin's dilemma she jumped at the chance to strip down for him. In her mind, she would do anything for him, having gotten her out of a jam or two in the course of their friendship. She would never forget how he and Bethany took her in when all her belongings were stolen and simply treated her like family. It's what made them so close. They were practically family and Julia loved Justin for simply being him. A kind hearted, wonderful guy, even if he pushed her buttons at times by not doing what she wanted. There was just something about him that she loved and felt compelled to do this for him. It was an odd dynamic, but they got along well and always made sure never to leave anything on an argument.
Justin was feeling the pressure. It had been a while since he shot something important and shooting Julia was definitely important. He had to pull off this book as it would help his confidence and his business in the process. He felt his shoulders release a little when he saw Julia strut out in the big fluffy robe. Her hair and makeup were immaculate, and she looked like a supermodel. Not that it was hard for Julia, she made bed hair look stunning.
Justin adjusted the lighting and made sure there was sufficient shadowing for the effect he was trying to capture. If he had done it right, Julia would be able to hide in the shadows and only reveal certain parts of herself into the light.
"Are you okay to do this?" Justin asked as Julia approached. She simply smiled at him and tugged at her bath robe. She looked elegant in that old fluffy robe, her hair looking like it had been coiffed by a hair stylist from the fifties.
"Yes sir," Julia replied with a smile, while moving her long, dark red hair behind her ear. "I couldn't be happier."
"I just want to make sure. You don't have to do this," Justin said but Julia grabbed his arm gently.
"Believe me, I wouldn't be doing this with anyone else. And besides," Julia said warmly. "When I saw the pictures Sophie had, I knew you'd capture me flatteringly."
"Ok. Well, I'll try," Justin said with a smile. "Somehow I don't think it will be too hard."
"You smooth talker you," Julia said with a giggle. She undid the robe and let it fall over her shoulders, revealing a small bikini underneath. Justin took the robe and draped it over a chair nearby.
"David not coming today?" Justin asked messing with the settings on his camera.
"No, he couldn't make it. Told me to go ahead and have fun," Julia replied with a momentary display of disappointment. She quickly composed herself so as to not show Justin that there was something wrong. This session was about Justin and if she could feel better about herself by doing something like this, then she would.
"Let's take some test shots, I'll dial everything in and show you what I've got," Justin said walking around with his camera to find the right spot. "Should help give you an idea of what I am after."
"Ok, great," Julia said walking over to the spot where she would be posing.
"Just lean into the light a little and we'll go from there," Justin said to which Julia complied. Within moments the camera was firing off and Julia stood there with her hand on her hip as Justin weaved around in front of her, snapping photos. As quickly as it started, he stopped and moved up to Julia.
"Finished already?" Julia asked as Sophie came into the studio.
"No. Just wanted to show you these test shots," Justin replied flipping through the photos on the camera. "See there. I don't see much of your side. So we'll have to move around and get you in and out of the light more, get some reflection on your skin. That sort of thing. Okay?"
"Sounds good to me," Julia said with a smile. She had a cheekiness about her today and felt like pushes some of Justin's buttons. After all, she felt like she could do with some attention.
"I didn't know we were doing bikini shots," Sophie said with a giggle while walking into the room.
"Ha ha," Julia said with a smirk. "I was just getting warmed up."
"It's okay. Whatever she's comfortable with," Justin said professionally.
"You tell me when, and I'll strip off," Julia said confidently. She still was nervous but wanted badly to show off to Justin and make sure she kept up her end of the bargain. After all, he was worth it to her.
"I think we might get started. Would it help if Sophie was naked also?" Justin asked flatly which seemed to ignite a giggle between the ladies.
"No, it's alright. But you on the other hand," Sophie said which caused Julia to laugh.
"Yeah Justin, maybe take your shirt off," Julia said as she slipped off her bikini top and revealed her glorious chest.
"I agree, shirt must go," Sophie said tastefully. Justin sighed and then nodded, pulling his shirt over his head and then draping over the chair with the robe.
"Better?" Justin asked feeling a little self-conscious.
"Absolutely," Sophie replied with a giggle.
"Yes," Julia said softly as she removed her bikini bottoms and kicked them away. Without realising she was now standing naked in front of her two friends and somehow, she felt at ease in Justin's presence.
"Okay, now," Justin said picking up the camera again. "Just do some basic poses and we'll see how we go."
The next hour went by quickly, with Julia and Justin trading blows with the camera and poses. It was like they were sparring in a ring, dancing around the edges, moving in and out and wrangling the images to how he wanted them. Justin was impressed with how professional Julia was throughout all this and admired her spirit.
"You alright?" Justin asked feeling like he was starting to get the hang of taking photos again. An hour may have gone by, but it felt like he had fumbled some of them pretty badly.
"Of course. I'm having fun," Julia said putting both her hands on her hips.
"I'm going to turn on another light and we can do some other shots okay," Justin said leaning over to where the light switches were and flicking one of them. A subtle, yellow light filled an area below Julia's legs and gave her a warm feeling.
Julia held the pose as Justin fired off the camera, capturing the light and shadow in fine detail.
"You look fabulous," Justin said making sure to compliment the model. It was like riding a bike, all coming back to him as he snapped photo after photo of the redheaded pixie in front of him. Even though she was slender, her proportions defied belief. Julia seemed to be a mix of their friends. She seemed to have the athleticism of Sophie, and the busty-ness of Lucy who was a chubby, yet beautiful woman.
"Thank you, Justin, I appreciate it," Julia said moving in the light and shadows to give Justin the poses he required.
"Are you sure you don't want to model full time?" Justin said with a laugh whilst snapping away with the camera. Truth be told, Julia had modelled a little in her youth, but now being in a high paying managerial role meant she no longer thought it was a good idea to pose like this. Her heyday of posing in bikinis and lingerie were far behind her, but this was wonderful. Posing nude for Justin was a liberating feeling.
"Maybe if the book takes off. I can be your muse," Julia said with a laugh. "I'd only let you take these sorts of photos."
"I'm flattered, thank you," Justin said moving in closer to get some different angles. He moved back to change lenses when Miriam came over with a big smile.
"You should go shirtless more often," Miriam said with a chuckle.
"You think so? Maybe I should do shirtless Friday at the office. All staff must comply," Justin said suddenly realising what he had just said. Miriam nudged him and laughed.
"We wouldn't get any work done," Miriam said taking it all in her stride. "And besides Julia here would never leave."
"Noticed huh?" Justin said putting on the bigger lens.
"She's got the hots for you, that's for sure," Miriam said taking the old lens out of Justin's hands and packing it up.
"I may need you to run defence," Justin said making sure the bigger lens was working properly on the camera.
"Why? I think it's pretty hot to watch this play out," Miriam said happily. She looked at Justin and smiled again. "Giddy up, big boy." Obviously, there was some teasing going on there and Justin simply went along with it. It was good to have light hearted banter with Miriam and made him feel at ease.
"Good to see you're on my side. Thanks for taking one for the team, turncoat," Justin said with a laugh. Miriam laughed in unison and put a comforting hand on his arm.
"I didn't say I wouldn't help, just said it was hot," Miriam said shaking her head. "How about I get us some drinks which might cool the situation down?"
"You're a lifesaver," Justin said warmly. Miriam winked and headed off to get some refreshments for all involved. Taking a deep breath Justin moved around and took some long shots before Sophie moved beside him. He looked at Julia who was pushing her chest forward out of the shadows, along with her hip. It was an incredibly beautiful sight.
"God, she's got big tits," Sophie said softly. "Lucky bitch. Skinny, yet fat in all the right places. I can't believe she has hidden those things all this time."
"What? They're not that big. Are you saying you're jealous?" Justin asked with a grin. He had never seen this side of Sophie before, they always seemed to get along well and accepted each other for who they were. He put the camera down for a moment to adjust the lighting of the set. While Julia was busty, she wasn't that big, but compared to Sophie she was. Sophie had that athletic small handful while Julia was the cup runneth over type, quite a bit over.
"Me? No, just wish mine were that big," Sophie replied politely. She had a playfulness about her and a smirk to back up whatever it was she was thinking. Justin surmised that it was all a tease and went along with it.
"You can do something about that you know," Justin said picking the camera up again.
"Maybe, one day," Sophie said with a smile. Justin knew that smile and could tell she was serious about getting a boob job.
"I can take before and afters if you like," Justin said in a teasing way.
"Ok, deal," Sophie said catching him by surprise. She giggled and then winked at him, causing Justin to shake his head.
"A few more shots and then we're done, I think," Justin said walking up to Julia.
"Over already?" Julia asked looking a little dejected. For Julia, this had been just like old times, posing and having someone make a fuss over her. She felt youthful again and alive. Something she didn't want to let go of just yet.
"Soon. I was wondering," Justin replied politely. Julia appeared to be hanging on every word. "Would you be willing to get wet. You know, I take some shots with water beading on your skin."
"Sure," Julia said with a shrug. "What does it involve?"
"Some oil and then I get a spray bottle and squirt you, the beads will form, and we can get some close-up shots," Justin replied professionally. Julia smiled and bit her bottom lip.
"Sounds like fun," Julia said with a grin. "How close?"
"If you don't mind, I'll be almost by your side," Justin said which raised Julia's eyebrows. He was a little oblivious to it all, wanting to make sure he got the best shots possible. He handed her the oil and fumbled with his camera as she began oiling up her naked body. Shooting a glance in her direction, Justin felt his loins starting to stir. It was incredibly erotic watching Julia run her hands over her body, oiling her breasts with such care and devotion. Part of him wanted to be doing it, but he quickly snapped himself out of it and tried to remain professional.
"I'm next remember," Sophie said grabbing hold of Justin's arm playfully. He had almost forgotten about Sophie and quickly straightened himself up.
"How could I forget?" Justin said with a laugh. He looked at Sophie who simply winked and then at Julia who seemed a little put off. "I'll save some oil."
"Sounds good," Sophie said playfully. "I'm going to go and get changed. I'll wait until you're finished with Jules before coming out."
"Okay, great. We'll only be another fifteen or so," Justin said politely. Sophie smiled and seemingly bounced off to the change rooms. Justin let out a sigh and picked up the spray bottle to give Julia a quick hose down and set the shots.
"You know next time," Julia said arching her back as Justin sprayed her with the water bottle. "Can we do this just the two of us?"
"You mean, just you and me on set?" Justin asked making sure the water covered her breasts and stomach properly.
"Yeah, it'd be fun," Julia replied with a sultry tone.
Justin swallowed hard and knew exactly what she meant. Part of him jumped for joy that it would be great, but another part of him had alarm bells ringing. It probably wasn't such a good idea. The last thing he wanted to do was cause a rift within their friendship circle.
"We'll see," Justin said with a smile trying to keep cool and calm. "Let's finish these up and go from there."
"Okay," Julia said happily.
Justin knew he had to keep it professional. Things were heating up and he wasn't sure it was the right way to go about things. What he needed to do now was create some space between himself and Julia which would hopefully put a stop to any ideas she was having. It wasn't the first time a model had been eager to take things further than just photos. But now it was different, and hopefully Justin could navigate this tricky situation. Just then the phone rang and Miriam answered. Justin hoped it would be for him so that he could call time on this shoot.
"Justin! It's for you," Miriam called out from the reception desk. "It's Margy!"
"Be right there!" Justin said putting his camera down. "Sorry Jules. I've got to take this, its Beth's sister. Can we do this another time?"
"Oh, sure," Julia said a little deflated. She understood it was important for him to speak with his sister-in-law and decided not to push too hard. She didn't want to get him off side. "How about the next couple of days?"
"Sounds like a plan, thanks Jules. You're a life saver," Justin said feeling relieved that he could have a time out. Margy was a saint to call at just the right time.
"You're welcome," Julia said picking up the bathrobe and heading for the change rooms. She felt dejected but also happy that Justin would shoot her again in the coming days. She was going to come up with a plan so that it was just the two of them, and then she could lay on the charm. Perhaps this was a blessing in disguise.
Chapter 4
After seeing Julia leave, dressed and full of energy, Sophie felt a surge of excitement wash through her. Sophie strolled into the dimly lit studio wearing the robe from the changing rooms. It was warmer than she had imagined, which would only help with what she was about to do. Taking a few deep breaths, Sophie had called for a closed set so that only her and Justin were in the studio for her shoot. Not that she was afraid to get naked, but she wanted it to be a surprise for Hank as well as a way to ease any tensions. While Hank trusted Justin, and enjoyed that men ogled his wife, this was something new for both of them. It was the first time she would be photographed naked with someone other than Hank taking the photos. Sophie had sold him on the fact that she wouldn't be present when it was Hank's turn, that way it would be a surprise for both of them. To Sophie's mind, she felt she got the better end of the deal and some alone time with Justin.
Justin hung up the phone and returned to where Sophie was waiting.
"Sorry about that, my sister-in-law Margy is coming to visit in a couple of days, that was her then," Justin said pointing towards the phone.
"Great. Maybe she can get in on this," Sophie said opening her robe and letting it fall to the floor so that she was standing completely naked in front of Justin. He paused for a moment, in disbelief that Sophie was indeed stark naked in front of him. She put her hands on her hips and smiled as Justin looked her up and down. Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined his best friend standing naked in front of him and proudly to boot. He had seen her in swimwear and tight clothing, which was always flattering, but not like this. This was different all together. "Like what you see?"
"I, ah, sorry," Justin said feeling the temperature starting to rise. The bubbly blonde had a body to match her vivacious personality. She kept in shape, had toned abs and arms, small but firm breasts and toned, strong legs. There was not a hair on her and the lines of her body were imperfectly perfect. Justin could see why she made such an impression with the males and knew why she was such a popular cheerleader in her youth. No wonder a lot of men stared when they went to the beach or were at the pool. She was simply stunning.
"It's okay, I like to show off a bit," Sophie said wickedly. Indeed, she had been known to be a little flirtatious in her time, but that seemed to tone down the older she got. In her mid-thirties now, Sophie was no longer the wild child she had been in her teens and early twenties.
"Sounds like you're a seasoned pro," Justin said holding his camera ready to direct Sophie.
"Get me that oil and I'll show you," Sophie said wickedly. She playfully bit her finger and oozed sex appeal towards Justin.
"I'm sure you can get the oil, but let's just keep with the program, okay?" Justin said playing along with her. It was all light-hearted and he knew it wouldn't go any further, even if there was a part of him that wished it would.
"Your loss," Sophie said with a cheeky pout.
"Okay, well, if you can stand on the set and move in and out of the lights, that'd be great," Justin said grabbing his camera and making sure its settings were correct.
"Like this?" Sophie asked reaching up and posing so that the curves of her body were on show. Justin paused momentarily and then brought the camera up.
"Just like that," Justin said snapping some sample shots to make sure he had it all dialled in. "Now push your hip out, give me that curvy look."
Sophie pushed her hip out, her body tingling with excitement as she posed in sultry and sensual ways for Justin. She enjoyed his eyes on her, the attention he was giving her.
"Turn to the right, show me some of your butt," Justin said from behind the camera.
Sophie kept her eyes on him, watching him move around as she turned and poked her buttocks into the light. She moved her arms over her head and turned in another direction, letting the shadows consume half of her body and the light, highlight her breast, hip, leg and stomach.
"Fantastic!" Justin said which sent a sensual shock through Sophie.
She could feel herself becoming aroused, her womanhood tingling with excitement. Sophie moved her chest into the light, pushing forward while arching her back and hiding most of her bottom half, only her feet and lower legs in the light.
"Very, very nice!" Justin said snapping picture after picture. "Show me your back, give me something there!"
Sophie smiled happily, turning around and moving into the light to show off her back and buttocks. She knew most of her was in the light, but she stepped to the side and before she could go any further Justin chimed in.
"Right there! Stay right there!" Justin said moving in behind her and snapping away. The camera clicking with each shot and sending a ping through Sophie's body every time the shutter came down. "So sexy! This is a great shot!"
Sophie felt her womanhood begin to ache, she looked down and figured he was taking photos of her legs and buttocks, the light shining right through her legs.
"Move now?" Sophie asked hoping he would say no. For some reason, she wanted him to keep staring at her in this position. Perhaps she needed to bend over, which would only send her senses into overdrive. Sophie took a deep breath as the camera kept clicking and then leaned forward, stretching while trying to make it look natural. But all she was doing was showing off her most sacred area to Justin.
"Okay, very nice! Now turn around and do the same thing again. I want to get the front," Justin said which excited Sophie.
She turned around and stood in the same pose, a full-frontal shot with only Justin looking on. Even though she felt completely exposed, she felt safe and wanted by him. Sophie particularly enjoyed when Justin moved in close and snapped the photos.
"Wow!" Justin said letting the camera drop before looking up at Sophie. He could see just how beautiful she was, the playful grin on her face completing her look. She looked delectable and wonderful. Justin was simply in awe.
"Thank you," Sophie said dropping down and squatting before sitting back on the step behind her. "You know what would make me more comfortable?"
"What?" Justin asked hanging on every word.
"You, shirt off, let me feel like I'm not the only one naked here," Sophie replied in a sexy but needy tone.
"I don't know, are you sure?" Justin asked suddenly feeling guilty about seeing Sophie naked. Those thoughts quickly disappeared when she crossed her legs playfully in front of him, her hands behind her holding her up.
"I'm sure," Sophie said with a wink.
Justin put the camera down and pulled his shirt off, throwing it away and causing Sophie to bite her bottom lip.
"Better?" Justin asked picking the camera up again. There was a moment when everything seemed perfect but then reality set in. What would Hank say if he saw this? Was Justin doing the right thing? They had agreed to pose naked for him, so it shouldn't be so bad. But what about Sophie, is she alright with all of this?
"Take some risqué shots of me, please," Sophie said spreading her legs and exposing herself completely to Justin. "I waxed everything."
"Are you sure? What will Hank say?" Justin asked started to feel nervous that this was getting out of hand. Sophie was offering, and Justin was half sure that he should do it.
"Hank loves the naughty stuff. I probably shouldn't say this, but we take photos at home. It gets him going," Sophie said becoming sultrier by the second. "We wanted to take it to the next level, so..."
"But," Justin said but Sophie cut him off with a playful tone.
"No ifs or buts Justin. Just do it. I want this, you want this, we want this," Sophie said slowly moving her legs in and out. "It's just us and it's okay. I need this."
"Okay," Justin said starting to fire off the camera. All thoughts of doing the wrong thing disappeared in instant. It was like Sophie had Justin under her spell and he did what she said. He noticed something was a little off with her comment, but she quickly regrouped as though nothing was a problem.
"I can't be the only one nude here. Get your cock out for me," Sophie said with a wicked grin. Justin had known Sophie to be a little forthright at times, but this was taking it to another place altogether.
"What?" Justin said suddenly stopping. This was a little forward of Sophie and to simply want his cock out was a little out of the blue. But given she was naked in front of him, and had done this without an issue, Justin thought he owed her, just a bit.
"You've already got your shirt off. What's one more thing? I'm here completely naked, it's just the two of us and I'd feel more comfortable if you were fully nude," Sophie said with a smile that was impossible to ignore.
"But," Justin said but Sophie cut him off.
"But nothing. No ifs or buts Justin, just do it," Sophie said reaching forward for his pants. "These shots will be so hot. And only we will know about this. Just you, and me."
Without hesitation, Sophie unbuttoned Justin's pants and pushed them down, pulling his underwear with it and exposing his semi-firm cock. Justin felt betrayed by his own body, that he was being turned on this way, but Sophie had a way of putting him at ease.
"Oh my," Sophie said with a giggle. Her hand unconsciously covered her mouth as she grinned and stared at Justin's growing member.
"Soph," Justin said but once again Sophie cut him off.
"Just go with it. And besides, we're not touching so there's nothing untoward going on here," Sophie said helping Justin step out of his clothing. Immediately she began crawling on all fours and making sure to show off as much of her body as possible to Justin. Within seconds he was snapping photos of her naked body whilst she moved into different poses. "I need this."
"Wow, I'm not sure these will make the book," Justin said watching Sophie's fingers and hands explore her body.
"Well then we do another book," Sophie said with a smouldering look. "God it'd be hot to do one that was all about masturbation."
Justin simply looked at her and couldn't believe what he was hearing. Sophie had turned into a sex goddess right in front of his eyes. He was starting to forget why he was here and just went along with whatever Sophie wanted.
"That, might sell," Justin said feeling his voice catch in his throat as Sophie slipped a finger into her wetness.
"Watch me masturbate, please," Sophie said through gritted teeth. She bit her bottom lip and kept eye contact with Justin. "Let's get off together."
"Soph," Justin said but he was starting to feel himself slip into some weird zone. He wasn't sure it was a good idea, but it was hard to pull out of this descent into eroticism.
"Justin, please. I beg you. Help me come," Sophie said moaning as she began rubbing her increasingly engorged opening. "I'm so wet."
"I can tell," Justin said letting out a long breath. It had been a long time since he had seen a gorgeous woman up close and personal like this. The last person he had seen was his wife and that was over two years ago. He felt like a kid in a candy store. "I, ah..."
"Am I the only one that's playing here?" Sophie asked seductively. She looked down at his awakening erection and then back into his eyes, willing him to mirror her actions. "It'd be such a shame to see that go to waste."
"But," Justin said unconsciously grabbing hold of his hardening cock and slowly stroking it.
"Oh gawd!" Sophie said zeroing in on his hand movements. "But nothing... let's play together, please. I need this! No ifs or buts Justin, just do it."
Her last few words were spoken through clenched teeth, with a sort of seductive hiss. Justin felt himself growing quickly, with an ache starting to form in his loins. It reminded him of something Bethany used to say, but the thought of her was slipping to the back of his mind. No matter what happened now, he needed to release the pent-up demand that was quickly building in his body. He looked down and watched her long, slender fingers disappear into her vagina, before reappearing all wet and glistening. Sophie worked them quickly and the squelching sound made Justin groan in appreciation.
"Holy shit Soph," Justin heard himself say. It was like he was having an out of body experience. He couldn't believe in his wildest dreams this was happening. Sophie was on fire, he could see her engorged pussy begging him to touch it, taste it, devour it but a little voice in his head told him to stop. His emotions were getting the better of him, his lust willing him to simply go for it while the smallest, practical part of his brain that still seemed active held him back. Justin quickly snapped out of this moment when Sophie spoke.
"Oh my god, that's thick!" Sophie said while fingering her wetness. She let out a moan and a jolt shot through her loins before she gripped her nipple and pulled hard.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," Justin said stroking his erection, which had now grown harder and bigger than he could ever imagine. He could feel her eyes egging him on and decided to go with it.
"It's so hot," Sophie said with a sexy voice. "I want you to come all over my slit."
"Soph," Justin said his actions betraying his thoughts. He was turned on beyond belief, but this was his best friend's wife. And she was naked, masturbating with him. What would someone say if they got caught? Sophie was incredibly sexy and any man would be lucky to sleep with her, but that wasn't going to happen today. Justin was still trying to reconcile what he was doing now with her.
"It's not cheating Justin. We're not touching, and I simply want to feel your hot spunk all over my pussy," Sophie said letting out a moan as she worked her clitoris. It was obvious they were both quickly building to their orgasms. "I want you so bad."
"You're so hot Soph," Justin said feeling his balls beginning to swell and the end game signs appearing. It wouldn't be long now before he would be unleashing his pent-up demand.
"God, so are you Justin. I would love to feel that cock inside me," Sophie said shuddering again. "It's so much thicker than Hank's."
"You look incredible," Justin said picking up his pace. The way Sophie pushed her boobs together and held herself in that exposed position really caught his attention. It was like he couldn't look away. Sophie took two fingers and pushed them deep into her engorged slit, pumping them deeply inside as her breathing became laboured. That was the moment that something inside Justin changed. All his worries disappeared, and the animal came forth. "Soph. Put more in, go deeper."
"Mmmm," Sophie said smiling sexily and obeying Justin's command. She watched him, and to her amazement his cock seemingly growing larger in front of her eyes. "I didn't think your knob could get any bigger. It's turning purple!"
"It's all you Soph," Justin said working his erection relentlessly. "Put your other fingers in. Stretch your pussy. Let me see inside."
Sophie bit her bottom lip and again did as instructed. Her arms were holding her legs open, while two fingers from each hand were buried deep inside her dripping pussy and pulling it wide. She felt a surge rush through her when Justin looked deeper into her body. Her body fluttered when she saw him jerk forward, his cock pulse in his hand and she knew he was ready.
"Come closer, I don't want to miss a drop," Sophie said picking up on his impending ejaculation. She knew he was close. "I'm so close. Give it to me. Please. No ifs or buts Justin, just do it. Now..."
"Okay," Justin said before Sophie spread herself wider and rubbed her engorged clitoris with her thumb.
Sophie locked her eyes on Justin and watched as he jerked forward. She stopped for a moment, spreading her engorged lips and shuffling her buttocks closer to his throbbing cock.
"Put it right there, nearly touching me," Sophie said directing Justin's penis to her opening. She put two fingers back in on either side and spread herself wide. She could feel the heat from the tip of his cock radiating into her hole. She wanted it in her more than anything, but for now this would have to do.
"Here... goes!" Justin said before grunting forcibly. Sophie moaned as she felt the first hot blast of his ejaculate hit her engorged folds, splattering violently with some shooting upwards skidding across her stomach. She shuddered when she felt a stream of his hot, creamy liquid go deeper into her pussy. He jerked forward slightly, the tip of his penis touching her fingers and opening. The slippery, warm sensation causing Justin to grunt and unleash another powerful burst inside her before he pulled back. Shot after shot of his hot stickiness sprayed across her pussy, covering it in lines from top to bottom. Justin then slowed his pace and milked the last drop from his member onto her clitoris.
Sophie smiled and moved each rope of his semen into her opening, fingering it inside so that nothing went to waste. She reached forward and gripped his cock, milking anything left in his pipe onto her bare snatch.
"Ssshhh, don't tell Hank," Sophie said with a moan. She flicked her finger over the tip to get the last drip and then tasted it before letting her hand back down on her aching folds. "You taste so good. Now, watch me come. I want you to capture me coming for you."
"Oh my god," Justin said feeling a mix of emotions wash over him. He picked up his camera and began snapping wondering how he got himself into this situation.
Sophie closed her eyes, smiling while she started to buck and shudder in the lead up to her own orgasm. Within moments, Sophie was bucking and moaning loudly as her orgasm washed over her, while plunging two fingers into her hungry opening. She stopped breathing for a moment, went as stiff as a board and then sighed in relief as she started breathing again. It took her a few moments to open her eyes again, her head spinning but her body in complete ecstasy.
"Fuck! That was big!" Sophie said loudly while recovering from her earth-shattering orgasm. "You can stop taking photos now."
Justin put the camera down and sat back, looking at Sophie as she cupped her pussy with her hand and smiled at him. If he didn't know any better, he would have said she was trying to keep everything inside her and not make a mess. Sophie had a few more aftershocks but appeared to be on cloud nine.
"I, ah," Justin said but wasn't sure what to say next. Suddenly the animal that had reared its head had disappeared and his senses were starting to come back to him.
"That was incredible," Sophie said sitting up slightly. "I loved every second of it. Especially how your cock touched me and I felt you shoot inside me. So hot!"
"Well, I, ah," Justin said but only seemed to make Sophie giggle. He wasn't sure if he should get up and run away or sit there and talk to Sophie.
"It'll be our little secret," Sophie said with a smile. "And who knows, maybe next time we'll go all the way."
"Soph," Justin said but she reached forward and put a finger to his lips.
"I love you Justin. Always have. And I would be honoured if one day, we made love," Sophie said warmly. She was genuine and completely down to earth. Justin knew she meant it and wasn't trying to trick him in anyway.
"What about Hank?" Justin asked his guilt starting to kick in.
"Don't worry about Hank. He sleeps around all the time. And besides, I don't care what Hank thinks. Not after this," Sophie replied touching Justin's face warmly. "This is the start of something wonderful."
Justin sat there and didn't know what to say. Only a week ago he was thinking his business was going to go bust and he'd have to look for a job. Now, he had a new project, a new lease on life and had just done something with his best friend's wife that he thought he would never do. It was strange how things were starting to work out. But the funny thing was, he didn't feel too bad about it. Not yet anyway.