This is a true story about how we ended up dipping our toes into the hotwife lifestyle.
My wife and I have been together for the past 10 years and 8 years ago we got married. My wife is a very attractive Latin woman and early on in our relationship I realised that I go very excited and proud when men were checking her out. Despite my wife came from a very conservative country, she was always open minded and we quite often found ourselves visiting nude beaches.
It was obvious my wife caught some attention on the nude beaches and on one occasion we got a bit carried away and started having sex in a forest area near the nude beach. We thought we were alone, but suddenly a guy was standing next to us jerking off. It caught us by surprise and we ended up running away. In hindsight I've regretted many times why we just didn't carry on. I'm sure it could have been an exciting experience.
Fast forward about 8 years after we started dating. For quite some time I've been fascinated about the hotwife lifestyle. Not so much the cuckold way of it, but more towards the stag/vixen. I'm not sure when it really started, but I found myself watching more and more porn about this, and reading in hotwife groups online.
One day while being on holiday, I was sitting by myself reading a post on an online discussion board about a guy who wanted to see his girlfriend being fucked by another guy. It was quite an elaborative post about what he felt and how his girlfriend reacted to his fantasy. While reading this post, I suddenly got interrupted by my wife asking if I could drive to the supermarket to pick up a few things, which I of course did. Rushing to find the car keys and getting on my way I forgot my phone on the table. My wife phone was out of battery, so she had asked if she could use my phone to entertain herself, and that is when I realised the last thing I had been looking at was the discussion board.
I did the shopping and came back to the holiday house, and I could see on my wife she had seen the post on the online discussion board. She had a smirking expression on her face, and she had moved on to watching porn on my phone. My wife loves when I eat out her pussy, so I sat down on the floor starting to lick her pussy and I could taste it was already wet from looking at my phone. She came relatively fast and wanted to take care of me afterwards by giving me a blowjob. During the blowjob, she did one of the hottest things I had experienced at that point. She looked me into my eyes while holding my penis and asked "so, do you want to see me fuck other guys?" I was not expecting that from her, and the way she said it was so hot, I could not hold back anymore and I came in a large orgasm.
Over the next two years we talked about my fantasy on/off. I could tell my wife thought my fantasy was a little strange, and despite her being very open minded, it was obvious her conservative upbringing and view on marriage was quite an obstacle.
This brings us to present time. We decided to take a day for the two of us on the beach before the autumn weather would really settle in. It has actually been quite a while since we've been on the beach, so we were really excited about going. Just being the two of us (no kids) makes everything more relaxing and we packed up our bags, sunscreen, and bought some tapas on the way to the beach. I had done a bit of research and found a nude beach outside the city which would probably be a bit more quiet than the city beaches.
Once we arrived to the beach, we immediately went to the clothing optional section of the beach. The beach was quite empty and we started unpacking our blanket and towels in the section of the beach which was the closest to the parking lot. In my research of the beach I had noticed there was a certain section (further away from the parking lot) of the beach where all the "fun stuff" tends to happen, so while we were unpacking I told my wife what I've read. Instad of her shaking her head at me, she immediately responded - "let's go there". I was not expecting that answer, and I just responded "are you sure?"
We then agreed to pack the few things we had already unpacked and started to head over to the "fun" section. As we started to head off, I'm quite sure the two guys which had been on the beach before we arrived were quite disappointed they didn't get to see my wife undress. One of them had even turned around to get a better look when we started to unpack.
We walked a bit further down the beach and found a good spot. The weather was good and hot, but it was a bit cloudy, so we weren't too concerned about finding a spot with shade. We unpacked our things once again and I sat down, just getting ready to see my wife undress. To this day, I still love seeing her undress and especially in public places. I especially love her button down dresses when she unbutton one button at a time revealing just a little more skin each time. My wife has the most amazing D cup breasts and even after two kids they are really firm. She rarely ever uses bra (she doesn't need to, if you ask me), and the first thing that is revealed during the unbuttoning are her breasts followed by her hard brown nipples. After the breasts are fully exposed to the public, the rest of her beautiful body shows and finally her delicious little pussy, which to this occasion was fully shaved. It is impossible for me not to get hard while she undresses, so it usually takes a moment before I walk around on the beach.
There weren't many people on the beach this day. We noticed another couple walking around, and probably 8-10 men scattered around the area. My wife claims she doesn't notice when men checks her out, but I do and I love it. It is sexually arousing and it also gives me an enormous amount of pride.
We were hungry after the drive and immediately ate the tapas. We then decided to go for a walk, but because of the direction of the wind a large amount of Bluebottles (blue jellyfish) had landed on the beach and some were still in the water. Unfortunately these animals stings when you touch them, we decided not to go in the water. After a little walk we went back to our spot. At this time the sun had broken through the skies, and my wife suggested we should find some shade. We found some rocks a bit further away from the beach area and we decided to sit down there.
We had more or less just sat down, before a man came over to us asking if we were new to the beach, which we could confirm. He was from the area and we had a really nice conversation about the area. He explained about how the beach was usually divided up with one area being for the gay community and another area tending to be for swingers. He then asked if we were into the swinging scene, and for some reason my wife immediately responded something like "not yet." That response caught me a bit by surprise, but nothing like what happened next. He then said, if that was ever to change, we should just give him a call, to which my wife surprisingly responded "yes, we should get your number." I think he even got surprised by this, however without thinking further about it I asked if he could put in his number on my phone, which he did.
At this point it was getting a little hard for our new friend to hide his excitement while still standing in front of us. There was no doubt he had a large penis, and I noticed a some pre-cum drops forming under this penis head and he complemented my wife for her beautiful body and breasts. He admitted he had seen us walking earlier, and we wanted to come over to say hi, to which I said to my wife "I told you guys look at you and admire your body." I notice my wife spread her legs just a little, not sure if it was enough for our new friend to see anything, but there's no longer any doubt he was excited.
He then asks if we mind if he sits down next to us and touch him self, and without thinking much about it I just responded "knock yourself out." Within seconds he put out his blanket a couple of metres from my wife and laid down. He was already rock hard and kept complementing my wife. My wife and I gave each other a deep kiss and I started touching her breasts. I whispered to her, maybe she wanted to give our new friend a little show by turning her pussy towards him and leaning her head on my body. She had absolutely no objections to this proposal and turned around immediately. She spread her legs fully and started touching her pussy, while I played with her breasts. I could hear her pussy was already soaking wet. Our new friend got surprised by this move, but no doubt he was loving it. He kept giver her complements and he was masturbating him self while my wife was touching her pussy. Myself, I was incredibly turned on and so excited to see my wife in this role.
After a short while it became too much for our new friend and he had to slow down. He asked if he could come closer, and I think both my wife and I said he was welcome to, at the same time I added "my wife will let you know how far she is willing to go." This whole situation is more than I could have dreamt of, but I was still quite conscious that I did not want to cross some lines we were not ready to cross just yet.
Our new friend sat down on he's knees next to my wife, who was still laying down on her back with her head on my chest. He was still touching himself, but the temptation of my wife's breasts became too great for him and he started touching her breast and nipples. After a bit of touching he put his head down and started licking one of the nipples. No doubt my wife enjoyed this. I could still hear her pussy being soaking wet despite not being able to see it from my position, and her breath was deep and she started to let out some quiet moans.
This went on for a few minutes and our new friend got a little braver and moved so close his penis could touch my wife's nipple. He then slapped it against her nipple and it was incredibly hot to see the pre-cum from his penis touching my wife's nipple and creating strings of pre-cum between her nipple and his penis head. He then got even braver and guided my wife's hand to his penis, and she showed no resistance, and suddenly she was holding his large penis. Admittedly it was even larger than my penis, but it was just so hot seeing my wife touch another man's penis. All of my hormones were going crazy and the adrenaline was rushing through my body.
With a hand free, our new friend then started moving his hand down my wife's leg and my wife gave space for him to take over the touching of her pussy. My wife was now giving our new friend a handjob while he was touching her soaking wet pussy. Her moaning became louder and louder, and this became all too much for our new friend who said he had to cum. With just a few seconds of warning he then spread his hot cum all over my wife's breasts. It was an amazing sight to see my wife's breast covered in another man's sperm. I felt enormously excited and proud at the same time.
In this very moment another manly beach goer showed up seeing the awesome scene. But being mindful of not taking it too extreme the first time, I just told the new guy we were wrapping it up here and he moved on. Our new friend probably also took this as a hint that it was time to move on. He was very thankful for the entire experience and he gave us a polite goodbye.
I looked at my wife and gave her a deep kiss. I wanted her to know and feel that I was totally okay with the situation, and in fact was incredibly turned on by it and enormously proud of her and how sexy she was. However, my wife was not done yet and she wanted me to fuck her right now. This was not a question, but a request and we laid down and we fucked in spoon position. Usually I'm in good control of how fast I cum and I can last for quite some time, but in this hot situation it was all too much and I came within minutes.
This was the story about the first time we dipped our toes into the hotwife lifestyle. It was incredibly hot and we were quite lucky to meet a respectful guy for our first experience. While driving home from the beach, we both agreed it had been an amazing experience. Let's see what our next adventure will be, but there's no words that can describe the pride and love I feel for my wife.