This is a true story. In the late summer of 2018, I had just got engaged to my dream girl - Katya. My hippy, happy, quirky, blonde bombshell Fiancée. I was 41 years old but Katya (Katey) was 26 and just the prettiest girl you've ever seen. An ex-bikini model, 5'8", about 110 lbs, long blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes, flashing smile, natural C cups, a tiny waist you could fit in the palm of your hand and what had to be the best ass in the great state of Texas -- she was a one percenter. A real-life Disney Princess - so pure and naive - always wanting to help people and just a ray of sunshine in every room she walked into. She loved to party, with a healthy dose of alcohol, substances, which sometimes led to weird and unexpected results. Random behaviour, hallucinations, and sometimes just a different person completely.
We had just got engaged and wanted to celebrate the occasion with an exotic holiday somewhere on a beach. Katya is from Russia, and apparently, they love going to 'All-inclusive resorts'. The tradition is to make sure you drink more alcohol than the cost of the reservation charges could possibly be worth, and then steal some hotel paraphernalia - like a bathing gown or beach towel. Who am I to argue with tradition right?
So we decided on the Hard Rock Hotel and Resort in Punta Cana. This place looked awesome on the website - with more parties than you could shake a stick at and good food. Little did I know that this place would be the location that changed everything. It was a beautiful place. All inclusive. We would start drinking in the morning and by 6pm stagger back to the room for high energy sex, a shower, and then right back out for a show and more drinking until the sun rise. Disney land for grown ups.
We really enjoyed the partying and the dancing, meeting new people, making new friends, great food, and alcohol. There were all sorts. Families with little kids, families with big kids, newlywed couples, married for 50 years and still going strong couples, company getaway groups - you name it.
Most people would see that Katya was with me and didn't bother but there were a lot of college kids there too - of course Katya could have passed for one of them and they'd constantly hit on her if she was more than 3 feet away from me.
She had the best answer though - she'd give a lofty proud smile and flaunt her fingers showing the Bulgari rock on her ring finger on her right hand (Russians put engagement and wedding rings on the other hand) followed by a coquettish little giggle. Ok that routine had to have been practiced and she looked like she'd been preparing defensive manoeuvres.
Usually, her suitor would immediately turn away and look for somebody less committed or had consumed more tequila. She'd turned this little routine into part of our foreplay now and I was starting to wonder if she was starting to enjoy it a little more than she should.
I say usually because sometimes you had a little more of the older or more physically masculine variety that would keep going. Black guys tend to be confident and dominating - Katya's little show and giggle didn't put them off and sometimes made them pursue more aggressively. At that point though she'd come nearer to me at the bar, or I'd just walk back calmly and she would attach herself to me koala hug style. I'd give my polite PMSC security smile, and this was usually enough for any guy (or guys as the case may have been), of any description to decide physical intimidation wasn't effective on the British Army.
In any case we were having a great time.
On or about the 3rd day there Katya said that since we were in the Caribbean we needed to try some local herb. Just like in the Bob Marley songs. I was supportive because like I mentioned in the introduction, better she do substances under my observation then hide it or look for somebody else to do it with. It seemed like harmless holiday fun and so after a few days recon I understood how dealing worked at the hotel. After making a few gentle introductions and asking around, I finally got a phone number.
I typed it into my phone and sent a WhatsApp message to 'Ernesto'. It didn't take long, and Ernesto wrote back to me asking how I got the number. I told him it was the guy down at the pool bar and was wondering if he could meet me this evening. That seemed to make him comfortable, and he agreed to come after dinner sometime. He'd message me when he arrived.
So, the hotel allows these day/night passes, and they have a different colour bracelet - he shouldn't be too difficult to spot. We had an awesome meal at the Japanese restaurant and as dessert arrived, we got a message from Ernesto. I told him we'd meet him in the 'Moon Lounge' bar when we'd finished dinner and he said that's great.
I announced to Katya that Bob Marley's dealer had arrived, and you should have seen them big blue eyes light up and start to sparkle. I loved watching her excited and happy about anything. She was so excited she hugged me and told me I was the best 'husband' in the world. We weren't married yet but I gotta tell you I loved her calling me her 'husband'. I puffed my chest up just a little more and pinned those shoulders back as I walked arm in arm with the prettiest girl at the Punta Cana Hard Rock down to the Moon Lounge.
There were some pretty ladies at Hard Rock Punta Cana, but Katya was just a different level. Guys were walking into doors and store cabinets as they watched her sway her hips to some invisible samba music. She was oblivious in the 'Who? Me?' sense - she really didn't understand the effect she had on innocent bystanders.
Here's this burly old islander (that's me), walking with my sports illustrated model in her gold Herve Leger mini dress, 6 inch Steve Madden block 'stripper' heels. Good folks are gonna look.
Anyway, we get to the Moon Lounge and security do their routine check and greet Katya "Privet" they say with a smile - for some reason they just assumed she was Russian. We get into the bar, and I scan the pool table on the left and the bar on the right. There he is. I call his number on my phone and watch my mark pick up his phone and answer. He instinctively turned to our direction, smiled, and waved. I waved and Katya waved too. You should've seen the look on his face when he first saw Katya...
Ernesto is quite tall, 6'2" and looked like a Caribbean Santa Claus. Probably about 65 years old with grey hair, a big grey beard and a big Santa stomach to match.
"Ola Senor! nice to meet you. Is this beautiful lady your wife?" Ernesto enquired.
Katya answered before I could "Hi Yes! so nice to meet you!" she answered with enthusiasm. Again, you should have seen me beaming with pride. I loved that she loved announcing that we were married already.
So, we got to talking and what we found out was, despite his size, he was a shy old man, jovial and polite. He didn't seem like lots of the other locals that we had met who were full of gusto, loud and colourful. He was quiet and seemed sincere.
We hadn't been talking for more than 5 minutes when suddenly there were other guests who had obviously also made appointments with Ernesto and were waiting patiently for their turn to speak with him. Ernesto was popular and these folks seemed in an awful hurry, so we told Ernesto it was alright and let him finish his business.
We moseyed on off to grab a drink and settled into a game of pool. Now let's be clear, Shane van Boening she ain't but when Katya plays pool a sizeable crowd gathers. When she's wearing that short tight Herve Leger thing and them stripper heels well, the crowd gets just a little bigger.
To their credit guys are always real polite and high fiving me and I don't mind them taking in the view of the Lord's fine creations (being behind directly Katya when she's leaning down over the pool table is on par with watching the sunset at the Grand Canyon).
Ernesto comes over and joins me while Katya is struggling to hit the pool balls. You can tell right away he's also a 'smitten kitten' with Katya and is sorry that other people keep pulling him away. She misses of course and comes up with that big smile and laugh and doesn't seem to notice her growing audience. She comes over to talk to Ernesto and I go to hit my ball.
As I come back its clear that Ernesto is also popular in the moon lounge (for a completely other reason than Katya) and just as I try to complete our transaction another group of people attempt to hustle Ernesto away. He's trying to be polite, but some folks are just in a hurry and he can't seem to take control of his customers. He apologises a second time and says he'll be back in just a moment.
Meanwhile some folks are trying to instruct Katya in the finer points of playing pool when the DJ plays one of her favourite songs. I watch her look up fast and holler at me 'Baby! It's my song!' with that big smile she runs over grabs my hand and whisks me away to the dance floor.
There we were, Katya and I hitting that dance floor pretty hard and guzzling these (seriously strong) margaritas even harder whilst Ernesto, bless him, makes a sincere effort to come back and conclude a deal with us. Somehow though just as he's explaining his product portfolio he can't help getting continuously pulled away by his other clients.
Finally, Katya decides that she wants to go back to room, get a bottle of champagne, sit in the jacuzzi, and rape me. Now I can't see the downside to that proposal and this thing with Ernesto isn't working out. I ask Katya should we wait for Ernesto, and she says 'No Papa, we don't need that stuff to enjoy each other...' as she flashes me her signature seduction pussycat sapphire eyes. I'm not arguing with that kind of logic. We finish our drinks say goodnight to all our new party goer pals (you should have seen the look of disappointment on their faces). I wave to Ernesto and motion that we're leaving.
The look on his face was classic - like a Benny Hill panic expression and he comes racing over and asks where we are going? We tell him we are headed back to our room and calling it a night and he says "... but Senor I didn't get to give you any hachis? no porros!?" I told him its ok and we'll call him next time we get to Punta Cana.
"No no no! Senor! My service is very bad, lo siento, lo siento! I make it up to you. I give you my best alta calidad. ok? is my apology to ju. please Senor por favor. I even give you some very super special premium hierba free of charge. Mucho bueno. ok?"
I look at Katya and having heard the words 'special' and 'premium' she's now nodding her head and smiling like a kid in a candy story.
"What is a mucho bueno?!" she asks excitedly and of course he does his, "Oh Senora, it is going to be the best you ever tried yadda, yadda..."
Now Katya practically has her tongue hanging out with excitement. We were already out the door and security wasn't more than a couple of yards away from us. There was no way I was about to pay a weed dealer for marijuana in front of the Hard Rock security force so I said, "Look Ernesto, we can't do this here."
You should have seen Katya's eyes turn into big blue pools of despair as I took her hand as if to gesture that we were leaving.
"Is ok senor! I come to your room! Is no problem!!" he stammers in panic as convincingly as possible.
"Mr Ernesto, you look like you've got a full clientele tonight. We don't want you to lose any business..."
Before I could finish, he cuts me off with "Is ok senor. This is your first time in Dominican. You said you just got married," to be clear - I definitely remember **not** mentioning we just got married -- he continued, "...is my wedding present for you and senora Kate. Everything gratis. Ok? Free. Of. Charge! Ok? I come with you to your room, I show you some magico, Senora will be happy. You are such a beautiful couple and I can't disappoint the most beautiful lady in the Caribbean." Here we go I thought to myself...
I turn to look at Katya and she's nodding her head, practically hands clasped like a little kid pleading to hang out at her friend's house for a couple more hours.
I'm asking myself do I really want an absolute stranger, who sells marijuana, coming to our room at half past midnight, at a hotel in the Caribbean a thousand miles from home? I look him over and although he's a couple of inches taller than me, I'm pretty sure he wouldn't want to see what an angry ex-British Royal Green jacket is capable of. He's just a big fat harmless old man hoping to spend more time with the prettiest girl on the resort -- couldn't blame him I guess.
I look deep into Katya's sparkling sapphire blues and sigh in resignation... "Alright Senor Ernesto, would you like to accompany us to our room?"
I don't know who looked happier - Katya or Ernesto. She's all smiles and giggles and skipping with excitement. Ernesto stays as near as he can and tries to whisper to Katya about all the goodies, he's got stashed away in his cargo shorts. She's holding on to me tight and I'm just happy she's happy.
We get to the room and Katya quickly orders some champagne and Ernesto warns her against it. I don't know much about all this stuff but if he's giving fair warning I'm not one to ignore it. I look at Katya and shake my head in disapproval. She quickly changes the order to some burgers and onion rings which gets a big thumbs up from Ernesto.
Katya puts that travel JBL on and starts playing some music. The room is just huge, with a jacuzzi out on the balcony - this was a cool resort. She's taken them stripper heels off and is dancing to her music around the jacuzzi filling it up with bubble bath and what not.
Ernesto comes out to the balcony, sits with me and lays some of his product on the table. She comes over and inspects it all, asking all kinds of technical questions. I'm way out of my depth here but it looks like a pretty serious technical conversation going on about how different stuff is for different highs etc.
He finally rolls something up and lights it like a pro. He passes it to Katya, and she takes a good long hit of that stogie.
I stick with the bottle of rum that I have whilst I watch everybody else smoking and talking about the finer points of different varieties of marijuana.
I make sure they are well outside and there's no smell coming into the room when room service brings the food in. I hurry to sign the bill and gave room service a Benjamin note which he really appreciated as he kept thanking me while he reversed out of the room.
I go back out and these two monkeys have all but finished that first joint. I'm wondering if it's supposed to go that fast or if he's trying to get my Katya super high. Whatever the case is I hadn't paid yet so any marijuana dealer giving us free product must be absolutely desperate to stay.
I ask him if he smokes this stuff at home. He says yes. I then ask doesn't his wife complain? jokingly and laugh.
He keeps his head down and gently laughs then says his wife passed 5 years ago. I instantly felt terrible. I tried to get my foot out of my mouth and sincerely apologised with condolences.
He smiled kindly, shrugged his shoulders, and said "Is ok Senor. She is with the Lord now in heaven. I'll see her soon."
I still felt terrible about my poor taste in humour, even if it was an accident and wasn't quite sure how to recover my gentleman status.
He went on to talk about his two children. How they were grown up and had moved away. He is a grandfather already but hardly gets to see his grand kids because they are far away in Atlanta, stateside. He showed us some pictures of his daughter who is pregnant with a second child, and they are living in Miami.
As he talked about his children, he didn't say it like a person who wanted sympathy. He said it with a sense of pride that his children were off chasing good professional careers in the US. Despite his smile you couldn't help but notice the tinge of sadness and loneliness in his expression as he tells his proud story.
I take another long sip of rum. I miss my children terribly too.
Katya comes back in her bikini and didn't seem all too affected by the first spliff. He seemed to notice that his product didn't seem to have the desired effect and said "Senora, ok, now we warmed up. Time for the big guns!"
Her face just lit up like somebody announced on the radio they'd spotted Santa and excitedly watched him prepare his next joint.
You can see how happy this old man was just to have a girl like Katya near him, and it didn't hurt that she was in her red bikini. He raises his latest rollie effort in triumph and says something in Spanish before lighting it and taking a long deep drag. He passes her the joint and she takes an equally long drag.
Katya takes another long drag and offers it to me but I pass so she hands it back to the old man. They share this spliff for about 30 mins and I can see that Katya is literally purring. Eyes half closed, super relaxed and flying high.
She looks at me and purrs that it's time to get into the jacuzzi. Well, I couldn't think of a better idea and got up, undressed down to my boxers. While heading over to the jacuzzi I couldn't help but think about this lonely old man and was inspired to invite him to join us. I felt awful for my inappropriate joke earlier and nearly couldn't bear the thought of him sitting there alone. I, more than most, know how it feels to be alone.
I ask him if he would like to join us and he declined politely but moved his chair near the jacuzzi to sit near us.
We get in and Katya is feeling no pain now. Laughing and chittering all kinds of nonsense, even some gibberish in Russian that neither me or Ernesto can understand. The Old man offers her another drag. Katya takes another long hit and sinks back into the jacuzzi next to me.
He can't take his eyes off her breasts, and I genuinely feel sorry for him. Surely one good turn deserves another, I think to myself.
He's certainly harmless and it could be I felt a certain solidarity, what with missing children and all, that I started feeling particularly compassionate. As well as perhaps a little curious.
Katya decides she needs some attention and slinks onto my lap and starts kissing me. She is rubbing her pussy against my growing cock and sucking my tongue. Seducing me with complete disregard and oblivious to this large, tall, grey haired, old fat black man sitting behind her.
Katya has her back to Ernesto and I slowly, forcefully start massaging her breasts - just the way she likes. She begins to enjoy that, so she starts leaning her head back with her eyes closed.
Even though he can only see her back, I'm pretty sure this old man is enjoying the show, seeing Katya sexually aroused. Katya loves having her nipples sucked and licked. So, with no real explanation, I suddenly did the most left field thing of all time.
I'd made my decision. I knew how to make it up to this lonely old man.
Without warning, I reach behind her and yanked the knot to undo her bikini. She was immediately startled and looked at me with her big blue eyes searching for an answer to what I'm doing - there's a stranger watching...
I tell her softly, assuring her, "It's ok."
She looks at me with utter disbelief. I continue gently, "Besides, you are going to make his day. Probably his year."
She keeps looking at me like she is confused then closes her eyes and leans her head against mine. I kiss her again and can feel her breath getting faster as I grab her breasts and watch her nipples get bullet hard and standing to attention.
She mews and I know her body and mind are responding to my rough handling of her breasts and this situation - that an old black man, a complete stranger was watching her being molested by me. She starts to look at her sides, probably trying to get a gauge of where Ernesto was.
I pick her up off my lap and turn her around so she now has her back to me, and her breasts are on full display for our old weed seller. I can't see her facial expression from behind her but I can see his.
The sudden shock on his face as he looks at her and then looks at me. Then looks at her again and down to her breasts. A huge smile grows ear to ear on his face as he enjoys the view.
I don't know what reaction Katya is having, I can't see her face. All I can see is her wet blonde hair as she faced straight ahead. I couldn't tell if her eyes are wide open or shut tight, but she doesn't protest and keeps rotating her hips and pushing her pussy against my now hard cock.
Ernesto comes closer to get a better view and decides to sit on the edge of the jacuzzi less than an arm's length away from Katya. If her eyes had been shut before there's definitely no way she could not know he was watching now. She'd be able to feel him at that distance. Salivating. Never taking his eyes off her.
I put my arm around her front and put my hand in her bikini, touching her wet pussy, focusing on her clitoris. As I put one finger inside her the penetration causes her to gasp - I can hear it. Followed by more light mewing as she squirms on my finger in her pussy.
This 60 plus year old man now stands up, takes off his shirt, drops his shorts and is now just in his y fronts. A huge bulge is poking out under that huge belly of his. I wish I could see her face. I can just feel her squirming around more on my finger. I put a second finger in and this time "aaahhh..." a squeal of delight.
I start fingering her in earnest. I can feel from behind her breathing now becoming ragged and erratic.
The old man drops his underwear and sports a surprisingly considerable hard on for somebody with such a huge stomach. His black dick was at least as long as mine so about 8 inches but not nearly as thick. Our old weed seller's long black cock was now pointing directly at her.
So my beautiful bride to be, my precious Kitten Koala that was too innocent to watch porn, was now on full display, showing her bikini model little waist line and all natural perfect C cup breasts to this absolute stranger. Although I couldn't see her face, I'm pretty sure she knew what was happening. The surprise was, she was just letting it happen...
Half a minute later the situation must have been too much for her as she threw her head back and was now about to cum. I stop fingering her and she moans in protest.
Again, for whatever reason, maybe Ernesto's sob story had gotten to me, and I wanted to help a brother in arms, so again, unexpectedly, I find myself telling her quietly to be a "good girl" and give this poor old man "a show". I told her "He's very lonely and only you can help him cheer up a little. Only you. It's a good thing."
She tries to turn her head back as if to say something but I just start fingering her pussy again and she throws her head back with a gasp, and starts mewing again.
I see her hands come out of the water and start to touch her breasts. She is mauling her own breasts now and whether this was deliberate or not it was having the full effect on our old weed dealer.
The old man's black cock is at full attention now. He was stroking his cock faster and faster while looking at Katey grasping and squeezing her own breasts mewing away.
I stop fingering her and start to pull her bikini pants off. She slowly stands up now to make it easy for me. Lifting one leg seductively out of her bikini and then the next leg - what a show... Whatever protest she was going to put up seems to have disappeared.
Obviously now she seemed happy to give old Ernesto a little "show" he wasn't going to forget any time soon.
As her bikini bottoms came down, she slowly reached down and started rubbing her pussy gently, moaning. I'm pretty sure she's got eye contact with Ernesto because his eyes are just bulging out as he takes in the view of an ex-victoria secrets model touching herself while he yanks on his cock.
I pull her back down onto my cock and she sinks onto me slowly. Katya's pussy is the tightest pussy in the world, and although it takes a while she finally settles down and starts rocking back and forth on my cock. She starts moaning as she slowly builds up a little speed, and I can see her face looking up, presumably keeping deep eye contact with our old fat weed seller.
I'm honestly not going to last long. I don't have to force her, she starts rocking back and forth on my cock to her own rhythm, with her music playing and this 'super special weed' taking effect. Her tight pussy making it difficult for me not to cum.
She is now moaning audibly, I'm pretty sure the room downstairs would have been able to hear her as she continued moving back and forth in the water. The old man comes as close as he can to the edge of the jacuzzi without getting in himself.
I shift Katya and me toward the old man, his huge stomach just inches away; close enough to feel her breath on his cock as he keeps staring at her heaving breasts full of soap and sweat. She keeps rocking back and forth wanting to reach her orgasm and I can't hold on much longer.
She announces "Papa, I'm cumming! Oh fuck I'm cummmmming..." as she bucks wildly back and forth in spasmodic bursts. I shoot my load deep into her womb as we both have a mind crushing orgasm at the same time.
I open my eyes to see the old man has been stroking his cock furiously; he suddenly growls and fires his sperm at her. Thankfully it hits Katya and not me. Right in the face apparently. Spurt after spurt this old man's cock unloads strings of his old sperm onto my Katya's face as his big stomach jiggles; his whole body in spasms from a massive sperm ejaculation.
Katya slows down as her orgasm finally subsides. I see her raise a hand to her face and eventually both hands. I saw how many times and just how much he jizzed on her face and breasts, I'm not surprised she needed both hands. She wipes so much come from her face all while I see her face looking up, I'm sure never breaking eye contact with Ernesto.
I'm not sure if I imagined it but I think I saw her lick some from the side of her mouth and she even used her finger to make sure not to miss.
We are like this for a half minute when I whisper to Katya "Well done."
Now the heat of the moment had passed it had dawned on me what I'd done. But somehow, I didn't feel terrible about it - maybe even a little proud of my fiancée. I tell her how I am proud of her and that she is the kindest girl on the island. Lots of positive reinforcement just to make sure.
Katya turns back to look at me and then back at the old man and says -- "Wow! I guess your special stuff was really special!"
We all burst out laughing and Katya moves away from me to clean her face.
I get out of the water because I'm not keen on having her wash some old black man's sperm off her face and chest into the jacuzzi while I'm still in it.
As I get out of the jacuzzi I grab a towel and look at how this old timer had slunk back into a chair with his big stomach and spent penis looking like it had taken a beating.
I ask the old man how he is and he says "Muchos gracias Senor. thank you so much." He continues onto how Katya is so beautiful. I'm so lucky. All that appreciation stuff. Me and Katya get into our bath robes as the old man gets dressed and starts heading for the door.
We ask him if he comes everyday or do we need to buy extra in case we don't see him for a few more days. He smiles, gives us the entire packet of the 'Special' and says "Hefe, this is all for ju. My wedding present!"
I shake his hand and give this nice old man my best smile. Thank you. He says "Bye bye Katey!" to which Katya replies, 'bye bye...' shyly from deep inside the room and gives him her signature smile.
He smiles and says to me "Gracias senor. Gracias...", before turning and leaving.
As I turn around and get back into the room I see my hungry fiancée devouring this burger like it was the last one in the Caribbean. I looked on wondering where it all goes - maybe she has hollow legs? I join her and we just giggle about silly things. I go to turn off her music and when I get back there she is, in all her beauty, my Disney Princess fast asleep on the bed. Ketchup on her face and just the most beautiful and adorable thing you've ever seen.
The next morning - we don't talk about it. Just like after the threesome with her friend, I know she doesn't like to talk about these things once the moment has passed. I still wonder about what I did that night and couldn't imagine what it would lead to later. That was of course, until our next encounter with Ernesto...