Preethi's perspective -
I didn't have much to complain about in my life. I had a good childhood with loving parents. I was educated well. I married well, and had a husband who provided adequately. And to top it off an adorable baby. I never quite missed anything at all in life. Till I moved to Bangalore and had Akshay as my neighbor.
I had fantasized about guys before. But all of the guys before Akshay were just that... fantasies. They were mostly movie stars and maybe a college stud once in a while who caught my fancy. But these people did not play any real role in my life. I imagined them doing the dirtiest things to me... but that was all in my head. I never had to face them on a daily basis, or contend with conversing with them while getting goosebumps all over. Akshay changed all that. He was movie-star handsome. With charm to match. And any fantasy that played in my mind just seemed so real everytime I saw Akshay.
After months of playing darting-eyes, and rapid-blushes and shy-smiles with Akshay, things heated up last month when I got a look at his dazzling body. It was all I had imagined. Groomed, fit, attractive... and just about 10 meters away for me. But oh so far...
I will never forget that foreplay that we had... with erotic charges enveloping us across the street that separated our windows. Every move of his was so graceful... The way he'd removed his towel... the way his penis had risen to life... the way he'd pumped and humped with his hips moving gracefully. The things he'd prompted me to do. I had never pleasured myself before with a guy watching me. While I hadn't stripped for him the way he'd for me (and I wish I had, it was only fair), I had never given a show like that to a guy before.
We'd come along some way since that day. I had talked to him for a bit, which by my history of talking to unrelated guys was a lot. We'd exchanged email ids and had taken up chatting. Conversations with him were always so delightful. He was so indulgent in his praises. I couldn't imagine a stunning guy like him ever liking such an.... Indian... desi... girl as myself. Turns out "desi" isn't as derogatory as the world makes it sound. With all the negative connotations imposed on the word, it has the allure of the mysterious to it. Plus Akshay said I had a great taste in clothes. My blouses fit me extremely well and my sarees always accentuated the best parts of my body. More so when I was alone at home. That was true I guess. And besides, I had a great body, if Akshay was to be believed. Oh that Akshay has a way with words. He makes compliments about my breasts and waist and back and neck sound like poetry. That's despite him never actually having seen my naked breasts. He claims the contours through my blouse strike up an excellent visual in his mind.
But I am so different than his girlfriend... That Shruti. She's an air-hostess... glamorous like supermodel. Toned like one as well. Tall. Assertive. Confident. Maybe I should feel jealous of her. But I honestly don't. It's not as if Akshay is exclusively mine and I don't want to share him. I actually revel in the fact that a dream guy like Akshay actually finds me as attractive and sexual as a girl who I'd normally find intimidating if I ever had a run in with her. That itself boosted my confidence so much. Oh well, I bet a feminist must be cringing somewhere seeing a woman define her confidence by the appreciation of a guy. A neighbor no less. A neighbor for who I have a very illicit attraction going. Screw that feminist.
Where has Akshay gone, I wondered as I sat on the computer, breaking away from the reverie of the past that led up to this moment. I was chatting with him... no it wasn't a video chat... and he wasn't shagging for me on the cam this time. It was a plain simple, friendly conversation. Oh there he is, I thought as my chat window showed him to be typing something.
"Shruti's here," he said.
"Aww," I typed in along with a sad emoticon. "Does that mean you have to go?"
"Well yes. We don't waste a night that Shruti spends in town with me," He typed with a smiley face inserted in the end.
"I understand." I said, with the serenity of saint. "Who wouldn't want to get a piece of that girl's body. I wouldn't mind it myself" I joked.
After a bit of a silence, Akshay said "You want to watch?"
My breathing and heart rate picked up. "What? What do you mean?" I would have probably stuttered if I were saying that right now. Good thing I was typing. I could at least appear to be not shaken up.
"Well, I will keep the web-cam on. You can watch." He said and he appeared to be so nonchalant about it.
I had a zillion emotions in my mind. I just couldn't gather my thoughts around it. The perverseness of it didn't really bother me a lot. The morality of it, about Akshay possibly making Shruti an unwilling, and worse, unware participant in his sexual games too didn't tug at my conscience. (Oh that feminist must be ready to murder me.) In the end, I didn't really sort through all my emotions and think through all my thoughts, and said, "ok..."
Akshay started his web-cam. I saw his tough, handsome face, sporting a devilish smile. With the cam on, he bounded offscreen. I took the opportunity to check on my baby boy to see if he was sleeping. And he was sleeping... well... like a baby.
I waited for a long 15 minutes. I was wet between my legs just thinking of what I was going to witness. When Akshay came back on the cam, he was shirtless. And he had Shruti with him... dressed in a sports bra and hot pants. I was still wearing a saree... but my blouse, very low-cut blouse, was stretched to its limits with my breasts swollen with excitement.
The web-cam was aiming towards the bed. There was a good amount of empty space between the bed and his desk... where a pretty high end web cam was installed. After moving around in slow dance of bodies, Akshay made Shruti stand facing the webcam. Shruti was gorgeous to look at. I couldn't help comparing her to me. She was a little on the dusky side, while I was fair. I had a decent height of 5 and a half feet. But she was probably a couple of inches taller than me. My breasts were soft, and pliant. Her seemed a lot more firm. And bigger than mine. My nipples were pink and puffy and large, and even through the web-cam I could spot her tiny dark pecky nipples jutt out from her white almost-see through bra. Her ass was toned and firm as well. Mine was a lot softer, and smaller, but probably a lot more worth groping, I thought narcissistically. Her stomach was flat and toned with a hint of abs. On the whole she was very athletic and sportsy. I was a lot more feminine in a very Indian way. I was thin, And wasn't all that toned, but had a body that plumed in the right places. But there was Shruti, attractive in a totally opposite way, standing face to face, as much as the camera could make it possible that is. Akshay stood behind her, and moved her medium cut hair from one side of the neck, and started kissing her neck. Shruti was aroused... I could see that in the way her body responded to the touch of Akshay's lips on her neck. She bent one of her legs slightly on to the other. Her hands were wrapped with Akshay's around her waist. She turned her head around to give Akshay more of her neck to kiss and lick and bit. She bit her lips... and her eyes opened and I swear I could feel her staring at me. And then Akshay's hands moved behind Shruti's back... and they grabbed the bra and took it over her head. Her breasts had absolutely no sag. Akshay ran his hands over them giving the nipples a little pinch as he continued kissing her neck.
He then moved beside her, and cupped her breasts and started sucking them. Shruti seemed to enjoying that as she cradled his head in her arms. I didn't even realize when I had slipped out of my saree and my petticoat. I then removed my blouse... and was watching Akshay and Shruti fuck while being naked. I soaked in the situation. A hot guy, a girl tricked into putting on a sex show for some other girl and I... a triangle I never thought I'd be a part of.
After a while, Akshay got Shruti sitting on the bed... and he went to work on her pussy... Shruti lied down... on the bed, supporting herself on her elbows. Akshay multi-tasked as he kissed and licked her pussy... and his hands played with her breasts. As they did that I realized I was stripping my own clothes off. As if moved by a sexually charged spirit, my hands unwrapped the saree from around my body, and untied my petticoat. Before I knew, the my blouse was off me and I was sitting as stark naked in front of my computer as Shruti was on Akshay's bed. Akshay then started moving up on Shruti's body, his face smothered with her juices I imagined.
Akshay and Shruti moved up on the bed, again with both of them facing me, and Shruti leaning back on Akshay as they sat on the bed. I was lamenting the distance, when Akshay whipped out a remote of some sort and zoomed in... and my whole screen was occupied by a naked and horny Shruti... and an appealing and delicious Akshay. Akshay whispered something in Shruti's ear... and she smiled like an evil witch... she then pointed right at the camera with her finger... and then kissed her finger... and then sucked her finger. That was for me... I realized. She knew I was watching. And even though she couldn't see me... for a second I imagined Shruti running her pointed finger all over my body... over my forehead, to my cheeks, to my lips... neck... breasts... navel... to my pussy... Her knowing that I was a part of her game made it so much... personally involving for me. At that moment... with both Akshay and Shruti almost mocking me for being so far... and me imagining them looking at my naked body... and playing with me like I were their own sex toy... made an enormous orgasm erupt from the innermost sexual sanctum within me. It tore through my body... and gave me a high I never imagined possible. There couldn't be a pleasure more satisfying... more gripping... and more time-stopping than what I experienced, right there.
As I breathed heavily, panting, with the wind in me knocked out by a punch that originated from within me... Shruti and Akshay continued their play. Something in me changed. As much as I had enjoyed the voyeurism with Akshay, till now, it had always been taboo. And while that was a part of the excitement, there was some guilt associated that I had to consciously brush under the proverbial carpet. But now, in an instant of self satisfying clarity where the pleasure of a victimless infidelity was so enormously higher than the perceived immorality, I wanted more of what I was doing. I looked fondly at Shruti riding Akshay's erect pole like a consummate jockey. In that unbelievably short span of time... Shruti was as much my lover as Akshay was for me. As Shruti's breasts heaved with her every stroke... as she got closer to cumming... and I got closer to my second orgasm... I felt closely intertwined with my next door neighbor and his lover. As coy and conservative I might appear to the world... Akshay had unearthed a side of mine that only he would see... and Shruti would as well. I couldn't be burdened with what-ifs and not-rights... not right now... not with them.