This is a true story written in collaboration with my model, 'Kasey', from her perspective.
I first discovered I liked to be looked at sexually when I was only 18. I was sitting on a train with very short skirt on and i noticed that the man opposite me was staring.
I was used to men staring at my boobs, but he wasn't staring at them, he was staring at my knees. It took me a few minutes to realise he wasn't staring at my knees, but he was staring slightly higher.
Then it hit me that he must have been able to see my knickers under my skirt hem. My first thoughts were to cross my legs or turn my knees 'side-saddle' so he couldn't see.
My pussy overrode my mind and my knees parted slightly and my eyes looked for a reaction. Sure enough there was one, or a few actually. His eyes widened, he smiled, he shuffled in his seat, but his eyes never moved. They were transfixed.
If he'd cared to look at my boobs, he might have noticed my nipples stiffening. I know my pussy was doing somersaults.
I don't remember anything about that man, but I knew from that day that I liked him looking at me in a sexual way.
Fast forward 19 years, when I was 37. I was working, but I wasn't earning enough to keep my head above water, when I saw the advert in the local paper.
'Models wanted for glamour photography. $100 per hour.' I was streetwise enough to know what 'glamour photography' was and I was earning $12 per hour in my job.
My pussy started doing somersaults like it did that day on the train, but this time my mind went along with it. I could earn 8 hours of my normal pay in an hour and I could get off on showing myself off!
You might expect me to tell you how slim I was, with a firm butt and huge firm tits, but that wasn't (and still isn't) the case. I'm not ugly, but not a 'classic beauty.' My boobs are more than a handful and droop a little and my bum wobbles when I walk. I'm just an everyday person, who is a bit randy.
I rang the number and they guy sounded nice. I arrived at the appointed time and place with no pre-conceived ideas other than that I would be able to expose myself sexually and it wouldn't be awkward because we both knew why we were there.
I'd gone to the same trouble ad I would have for a night out with my friends, but slightly different. I did my hair as usual, wore a thin classy red top but left my bra at home, so my nipples could indicate my state of mind. Pull up black stockings with 4 inch black heels, a little black skirt and my favourite pink satin knickers, which travelled between my bum cheeks.
I did, however, put on my makeup a little heavier and sluttier than usual. I was surprised how horny that made me feel.
I knocked on the door and the man who answered greeted me with an approving smile and a long look up and down. He was older than I imagined, about 55, but his voice was unmistakably the same person I'd spoken to on the phone.
He was just an everyday looking man, not a 'silver fox' or anything like that. I hadn't really thought about it before, I was just excited about exposing myself to a man.
He led me to a room set up with lights, drapes and a wooden chair on one side and a mattress with pristine white sheets on the other.
I sat on the chair, my knees like I had on the train all those years before. He introduced himself as Sean and we chatted a bit and I wondered why he was looking at my boobs instead of up my skirt, like the man on the train when I realised he didn't have the same view because he was standing up.
My boobs, though, were reacting appropriately. I could feel my nipples stiffening and straining against the material of my top.
He was pretending to play around with his camera while perving at my tits and said, "I'm thrilled you came. Most of the models I get think they're gorgeous and act all hoity toity."
I laughed and as I did, my tits jiggled. "So, you don't think I'm gorgeous?"
He laughed in return, "No, I said THEY think they're gorgeous, but actually, you ARE gorgeous."
I blushed, giggled and thanked him. "OK, are you ready to start, love," he asked as he squatted down and pointed his camera at me.
'Now he's getting the right view,' I thought and my knees parted a little, as if they had a mind of their own.
"Lovely" was all he said as he clicked the camera a few times. "Can you just cross your legs slowly for me darling," he directed me.
I made what I hoped was a good show of it, moving my right leg, way to the right, giving him a good look at my knickers, before lifting my foot and slowly bringing leg over.
"Smashing, Kasey. You've done this before, I can see," as his camera clicked like a machine gun.
I giggled again, "First time, actually, Sean."
"Well, you're a natural then. You know what men like, love." My pussy clenched at that. I was so excited that he thought that. It didn't matter that he was an older man or that he wasn't 'a hunk with a six pack.'
"Now, can you pull your top down past your shoulders, so I can see most of those lovely boobs, but not your nipples ... yet," he smiled an winked, "and if you can keep up that lovely, natural smile, I'll be very happy."
Now I was getting really excited, we were close to getting to that point that I'd be exposing my naughty bits. "Pull your top down just enough so we can see them all." I did and feeling the cool air made my nipples rock hard.
"They are superb, Kasey. Do you think you can make your nipples a little harder," he asked as his camera whirred. I didn't think it was possible for them to be harder, but 'What the heck' I thought, 'They're aching for some attention.'
I felt my smile widen as I brought both hands up to cup my boobs in a in a position that allowed me to pinch my nipples between my thumbs and forefingers.
I pinched my little nubs and twisted them and squeezed them, my head going back and my mouth opening at the joy of it.
Sean's camera was going off like a machine gun. I looked forward again and Sean was now much closer too me. "Mmm, great stuff Kasey, but I think they could get harder. I'd love to have those areolae of yours crinkled right up. That's a sure sign you nipples are as stiff as they can get."
I knew I had only intended exposing myself and maybe seeing Sean's reaction (in his pants) and that was all, but I couldn't help myself and see what happened. "You're welcome to try Sean, if you think you've got any tricks up your sleeve."
"I do indeed, young lady," he said cheerily and then left the room. He came back with a glass full of ice. To say I was disappointed, would be an understatement. I was hoping for something with a more personal touch.
He must have seen the look of disappointment on my face and nodded to the ice. "That's just my backup. You did say any tricks, right?"I guess my smile was his green light.
He just leaned forward and took my right nipple in his mouth. No touching preamble, no fondling my breast, no pinching my nipple, just straight into his mouth and he started sucking...hard, like he was trying to get milk.
I was thrilled, as was my pussy. He sucked as much of my tit in as he could and continued sucking, while at the same time using his tongue to flick and lick around my nipple. I'd never felt such intense feelings from that spot.
I heard some tinkling, but was concentrating some much on the effect his 'trick' was having on my tit and pussy, it didn't register. Next I felt the stinging cold of ice on my other nipple, as he rubbed a cube all over it.
The opposite feelings of the warmth of his mouth and the cold of the ice had my pussy spasming. I imagine my knickers were getting wet, but that's not something I can feel happening. I've never understood when I hear or read, 'I could feel my panties getting wet.'
Too soon for my liking, Sean moved away and his camera clicked again. He came around and showed me the photos on his camera screen. "It looks like the ice method is more effective, but I enjoyed the sucking more."
On reflection, I should have been more 'proper' and said nothing, but couldn't resist saying, "Mmmm, so did I."
He didn't 'ice' my other nipple, but just moved on. "Now, could you turn away from me, put your legs either side of the chair and bend over the back of it, please?"
I didn't hesitate, I knew it would give him a great view of my knicker covered crotch and that made me even more excited. Then I could hear him walking around to where my face was. 'What the fuck' I thought, but then he placed a small occasional table behind the chair in front of me.
"We might be in this position for a little while, love. You can put your hands on this to support yourself" he said in what I was now beginning to feel was his sexy voice. I hadn't noticed before. Maybe it was my now heightened sense of excitement.
He returned behind me and his camera whirred some more. "I'd like your skirt a little higher, love. Do you mind if I adjust it for you?"
My mind thought, 'Fuck no, I don't mind. At this point you can do almost anything you like.' My voice said, "No, that's OK Sean."
Next I felt his hand on my left bum cheek and he gently slid it up, apparently adjusting my skirt. He then repeated the move on my left cheek, but before removing his hand, he gave it a few gentle, lingering squeezes. I mightn't be able to feel my knickers getting wet, but I could feel the goosebumps his touch created.
"Fantastic. You really do have a lovely arse, love" he complimented. That took my excitement up another notch.
"Thank you Sean, but I know I'm not slim and trim like your usual models." The sound of his camera was like the best aphrodisiac in the world.
"That's true love, but you are far sexier than any of them. You should realise that most true voyeurs prefer the 'girl next door' than professional models, especially when it's so obvious you are enjoying this so much" he assured me.
"OK darling, let's get you up on the bed" he said as he took my hand to help me out of the position I'd been in for a while and led me over.
As he did, I asked, "Voyeur? Are you a peeping tom?"
"No love, that's a misconception. A voyeur is a person who likes to look or watch. I'm only interested in people who are showing off of their own free will," he explained, "a peeping tom is just a voyeur who specialises," he laughed. "Let's have you on all fours, love."
Moving from the chair to the bed, I couldn't help notice the tent Sean's cock made in his shorts. He wasn't trying to hide it, but he wasn't making a show of it either. I smiled to myself at this ultimate compliment and I still had my knickers on!
He didn't ask permission this time, he adjusted my skirt again, but this time his hands lingered longer and he squeezed both cheeks. I moaned my approval and then his camera clicked more.
He said, "Any serious voyeur would give up all the firm tits, flat bellies and tight arses in the world for the little wet spot in your panties, Kasey."
I was facing away from him, so he couldn't see my face go red, partly embarrassment, but mostly from excitement. With my exposing, his fondling and compliments, I was very close to orgasm and I hadn't even touched my pussy.
"Do you think you could rub your pussy through your panties to make that little wet spot a bit bigger, darling?"
Another turn on for me was how polite he was, despite his taking a few liberties. "Do you have any tricks for that too," I asked, hoping he did.
He didn't answer, but I felt the weight of him placing one knee on the bed. I then felt what seemed to be his thumb sliding up and down the silky material of the crotch of my knickers and the effect on my cunt was electric.
I moaned, "I think that's working, don't stop." I then felt my pussy spasm in orgasm and pushed back. His thumb and the crotch of my knickers slipped inside my cunt as I came on them.
Sean was obviously well experienced, as he adjusted the point of pressure to concentrate it on my clit. That made me 'twerk', something I never imagined myself doing, through the best orgasm of my life.
Sean eventually withdrew his thumb and I felt his fingers adjust the crotch of my knickers, so it again covered my slit, presumably so he could get the shot he wanted. I then felt, what I thought was his thumb again, but it was accompanied by warm breath.
It all became clear when he said, "Your pussy smells like an aroma from heaven." Then click, click, click.
"OK, turn on your back for me please" Sean directed me. I was on my back in a flash, with my knees spread wide and my smile just as wide. "Pull your panties up tight, so they show the shape of the juicy cunt, love."
I did, imagining what my camel toe might look like. "OK, now let's whip them off shall we?"
I thought I'd use the juncture to be a bit cheeky, knowing I had a bit of power. "Not so fast Sean," he looked crestfallen, "if I'm going to show you what's under here," I teased, cupping my pussy, "I think it's only fair that you show me what you're hiding under that tent of yours."
In for a penny, in for a pound, I thought. After all, why shouldn't I get to see the product of my exposure, in the flesh?
Sean didn't hesitate. In a flash (pardon the pun)first his camera went down, then his shorts and out sprung his erect cock.
No, it wasn't 8 inches, more like about 5, but it was thick. It was also the most beautiful cock I'd ever seen, because my exposure had caused it. The head was bright red and was a little wet, I assumed from leaking pre cum.
"Very nice Sean," was all I said and started to undo my skirt.
"No, leave it on lovely. There's something very sexy about a woman with her skirt and shoes on with no panties," he smiled.
I decided that rather than whipping them off, I'd make a little show of it. I stood next to the bed and faced away from Sean. He was quick on the uptake and his camera whirred again.
I reached under the sides of my skirt and hooked my thumbs around the sides of my knickers. I looked over my shoulder and looked at Sean's cock, to see its reaction as I wiggled my arse and slowly lowered my knickers.
When they reached the extent of my arms length, rather than bend at the hips, I bent my knees. I then let them go and they dropped to my ankles.
I stepped out of them and turned to face Sean before bending over to pick them up, so he didn't get so much as a peek at my bare pussy.
"Not fair," he chided, but gave me a small round of applause.
"Don't worry, I don't go back on deals," I grinned. Holy hell, my knickers were soaked. I walked over and draped them over his erection. "A present for my biggest fan," I smiled.
Sean immediately picked them up and sniffed the crotch. Rather than being disgusted, that turned me on immensely.
This time, when I got on the bed, I sat down and swung my legs over, with my knees together. This time I wanted to be directed to expose myself. I don't why, but at this point it just seemed sexier, dirtier, naughtier.
With camera pointed at me he said, "It looks like the act of modelling works better on your nipples than any of our tricks. Now lets do the slow reveal, darling."
With the camera whirring away, I slowly lifted the hem of my skirt, revealing what I'd never revealed to a stranger, in fact not to anybody in this manner, my bare pussy, albeit with my legs shut tight. Without my knickers on, I could feel my pussy juice moistening my thighs. It was the most exciting sexual thing I'd ever done.
Don't get me wrong, I love the usual sex stuff, but this was different. I felt like I was going to orgasm, without any touching at all.
"Fucking gorgeous," Sean exclaimed, the camera clicking away, "You are my favourite model of all time and I've had a few."
My smile felt like it widened if that was possible. That comment added more arousal to my nipples, clit and cunt. I was in heaven.
"OK love, now put your hands on your knees and as slowly as you lifted your skirt, I want you pull your knees apart," I was directed by Sean.
Just hearing those directions and what the result would be got me so hot.
Before I managed to start, Sean stopped me. "Wait love, do you mind if I get this bit on video?"
"Go ahead," I replied. This would make it even dirtier and naughtier, I thought. Sean adjusted the setting on his camera and gave me the go ahead.
"But just keep that smile, just the way it is. I don't know how you're doing it, but it's cheeky, sultry and smug, all at the same time," he complimented me yet again.
Keeping my feet together, I ever so slowly pulled my knees apart. The air rushing to my wet pussy was exhilarating enough, but the slowness of its exposure was almost excruciating. about half way, I knew my slit was well exposed to Sean and his camera and at that point I could feel my pussy lips starting to peel apart, exposing me even more.
"Fucking fantastic love. That is the hottest reveal of all time," Sean enthused, "keep it going at that pace."
While my body wanted to open myself up to him in an instant, my naughty mind wanted it to last as long as possible. I'd stopped looking into the camera and my stare was firmly fixed on Sean's cock.
It seemed impossibly hard now. His cock head was purple, his foreskin could not be seen and I'm sure his cock had gown a bit longer. To top it off a clear drop appeared from the eye of his cock and was increasing in size. Just before it became too heavy to hold on, Sean let go of his camera with his left hand, lowered it to his cock and he rubbed that lovely pre cum into the head of his cock.
That happened just as my knees went as far as they would go and I know my facial expression changed, because I moaned and licked my lips. Holding wide like that, I could feel my inner lips now starting to open slightly.
"Absolutely fucking gorgeous. You're a dirty, naughty girl Kasey and a terrible tease with the most beautiful cunt," Sean teased me himself.
His compliments, interspersed with his 'admonishment', made me feel exactly as he'd described me and I loved it, but that didn't stop me from biting back. "Here I am with my cunt wide open for your viewing pleasure and I'm a terrible tease? Your cock seems to be enjoying the view."
"Well, your cunt isn't wide open ... yet, but my cock cannot lie. Both of my heads are enjoying you immensely," he responded, "I was referring to the way you took off your panties, slid up your skirt and that slow, wonderful reveal of your delectable cunt. But you're quite right, you're not a terrible tease at all. You're a great fucking tease."
His words made my pussy shiver and squeeze. I could listen to him talk about me like that all day long. I also noticed he hadn't changed his camera back to photo mode.
"Let's get that sexy cunt of yours wide open and have a look inside, eh love? Use your index and middle fingers on each piss flap and pull them apart," Sean directed. God, his escalating filthy talk was rally getting me going.
I did as he directed, still with my gaze on his cock, looking for any reaction. As I pulled my cunt apart, it felt so good to let him see inside my inner sanctum, his cock twitched and a drip of pre cum dropped and hung from its hole. I so desperately wanted to rub another orgasm out of me.
"That is the sexiest sight this voyeur has ever seen," he boosted my ego and my excitement. I could feel goosebumps all over and felt like I'd explode. "Now pull your lips up my lovely and show me how hard your clit is."
I hadn't even contemplated that, but now I ached to let him see it. As I did, his cock twitched again and that hanging string of pre cum fling off the head off his cock and landed on my inner thigh, he was that close. I squirmed and shook.
He got on the bed again, but fully. "I just want to get the view from a different angle, my beauty. Has anybody ever told you what a lovely, big clit you have?"
They hadn't and I didn't reply. Where he knelt, his cock was millimetres from my nipple. I couldn't and grabbed it, running his wet helmet over my nipple. Now it was his turn to gasp and moan.
I was watching his frenum glide over my stiff nipple, so I didn't see him put his camera down, but I did feel his firm hand remove mine from my cunt and his fingers run up and down my slit, lubricating them and then inserting two into my bubbling hole.
I gasped and started wanking his cock. I wanted to feel more of his juices on my nipple and tit. Then he did something I'd never experienced before. He hooked his fingers upwards and reached a place I didn't know existed. It was the most exquisite feeling I'd ever had and then he started stroking that place up and down.
I rubbed his cock faster in response. It's amazing how men lose their voice when you have them in that special place and I obviously had Sean there, but he had me there too.
He speeded up and I goaded him. "Are you gunna cum for me sweetie?" I could hear the squelching noise his fingers and my soaked cunt combined to make. Each time his fingers went into me, his palm slapped my clit.
My cunt clenched onto his fingers, but they were relentless and then I lost control of my bodily functions. I let out the most enormous fart and then started pissing uncontrollably, but it didn't come out in a stream, it came out in spurts as my cunt felt like it was in heaven.
My mind wanted it to stop, but my body wanted it to go on for ever. My hand kept wanking Sean's cock and as my cunt squirted, his cock started doing the same. Seeing and feeling his spunk spray over my tits only made my orgasm more intense.
There's not much more to say about this encounter, but we had more. I hope you came reading about my first real exhibitionist experience. I'd love to hear how you reacted to it and maybe I'll tell you some more ;-)