I've worked with this prudish, boring, total bitch for several years now. Who hasn't had one of those, right? Katherine. Not Kathy. Not Kat. Katherine. She went to an all-girl Catholic high school. Ivy League college. The only reason I give her the time of day is because she's absolutely smokin' hot! She knows it, too. 5' 5", long, blonde hair, slender face, and curves that a Ferrari would have trouble navigating. 38-24-36. She was always wearing skin-tight tops or low cut sweaters. Or a combination of the two. Short skirts with high heels that showed off those luscious legs no matter what the weather was like would complete the ensemble.
She initially accused me of having an infatuation with her tits, which I did. If you saw them, you would understand. I turned the tables on her and accused her of having an infatuation with my trouser snake, which, at first, she adamantly denied. After a series of sexual escapades that I may or may not have planned, she finally admitted that she truly did crave my cock. I've convinced her that we're going through a "program" to rid us of our infatuation with each other's body parts. I have no intention to stop imagining her tits wrapped around me in some form or fashion. However, the "program" has only reinforced her desire, not lessoned it, just as I intended. If she ever did a Google search, I'd be screwed. There's no fucking program, I'm making it up as I go along.
Friday I convinced her that admitting our infatuations to a stranger was just another step in the program. That led to her getting double teamed by myself and a lucky stranger in a local public park. Today was just another stepping stone in our "recovery".
I was engrossed in a project I was working on when there was a knock on my open door. When I looked up I saw Katherine standing in my doorway with the usual expression on her face, looking like someone had stuck a turd under her nose. Goddamn she looked hot though! A short plaid skirt showed off her toned, tan legs that led down to red stilettos. Her torso was wrapped in a way-too-tight white, button down shirt. The top button was well into her cleavage, and the buttons below it were straining to contain the flesh I so desired. They looked like they were about to surrender the fight at any second. It was quite obvious through the thin material of the shirt that she was wearing a frilly white bra today.
His stare makes it quite obvious he's still infatuated with my breasts."Excuse me, Mr. A....Mark. Do you have a moment?"
She caught herself. Nice.Several weeks ago I told her if she didn't stop calling me Mr. Alan and start using my first name, I'd never make her cum again. It's her natural instinct to refer to someone as Mr. or Mrs. given her proper Catholic upbringing and Ivy league schooling. It amuses me to watch her fight her natural instincts trying to please me.I wonder if I could get her to call me 'Master'? Nah, that might be too much.
"Sure! Come on in, Katherine, have a seat." She quietly closed the glass door behind her, smoothed her short skirt, and sat down in one of the small, wooden chairs on the other side of my desk. "So, what's up?"
Take a deep breath! Don't sound too anxious!"Well, after Friday's...session...you mentioned you would look into what the next step in our recovery would be. Did you have a chance to do that this weekend?"You sound too anxious!"I mean, I'm sure you're as desperate as I am to rid yourself of this affliction as I am."Well done!
Listen to her! She can't wait to get fucked again! She's turned into a real slut! I love it!"I did, actually. When did you want to do it?"
"As soon as possible." Her heart skipped a beat.Too anxious!"I mean, I'd like to move the process along as quickly as possible."
I smiled and nodded. "I knowexactlywhat you mean."
"So, what is it?"
I felt a crooked smile cross my face. "Well, it's kind of similar to the previous step, but a little more intense."
Her eyes widen for a moment.More intense?! I orally pleased a complete stranger while Mark anally penetrated me! In a public park! How can it be more intense?!She gulped. "More...more intense? How so exactly?"
This is delicious!"Well, last time you had to confess your infatuation to a stranger. This time you have to admit it to agroup. It can be people you know or strangers, but a group."
"A group?!" she screeched entirely too loudly. She took a breath and looked behind her through the glass wall to see if her outburst had attracted any unwanted attention. She turned back to me. "A group?!"
I nodded. "Of people you know or strangers."
She crossed her arms in defiance. "Well, I'm certainly not going in front of a group of people I know and admitting I have an infatuation with your cock." She gasped in horror. My jaw dropped. "Member! Member! I meant member! I'm so sorry for my language!"Oh my God! I've become comfortable using that vile word!
I waved my hand at her. "Quite alright. It's good to see you're finally calling it what it is."
Her face went red. "That'snotwhat it is! It...it...it's yourmember!"
I chuckled. "Okay, fine, whatever. So, anyway, you say not a group of people you know. What do you suggest? Or, you know, we can call the whole thing off and try to live with our 'infatuations'."
"Stop? No, absolutely not!"You sound too anxious again!"I mean, we need to resolve this situation." She paused. "I don't know. What do you suggest?"
I scratched my chin. A thought occurred to me. Oh, that's too perfect! "I'll tell you what. I think I might have the perfect place. Just a few strangers who will be very, uh, receptive to what we have to say. I guarantee you won't see anybody you know there. It'll be dark. How does that sound?"
"That sounds perfect, actually. Where is it?"
I gave her a crooked smile. "Have you ever been to an adult theatre, Katherine?"
"Is that a theatre where they only show 'R' rated movies?"
"Uh, yeah, sure, let's go with that."
"Yes, that sounds acceptable."
I was laughing inside. "I think maybe it would be best to go during the week. Probably fewer people. What do you say? Wanna do it tomorrow after work?"
She nodded her head.Don't sound too anxious!"Yes, that would be acceptable," she said flatly. "I'll tell Darren I'm attending a business dinner with clients."
*****
The next day after work she followed me down to the Bijou Theater on the seedier side of town. When she climbed out of her BMW she looked around the parking lot, she was concerned.
"Do you think we'll be okay here? I mean, will we be okay leaving our cars here?"
I chuckled. "It'll be fine. C'mon, let's go in."
She was dressed like a high-dollar escort. Black high heels. A black mini skirt that certainly didn't meet office dress code, but nobody complained. The red satin top she was wearing was two sizes too small and busting at all the right seams and showing plenty of cleavage. Her gumdrop=sized nipples were poking out like two pencil erasers. I looked up at the marquee. Looks like it was TV parody week. "Dick and Mindy", "Big Banging Theory", and "Seinfuck".
"Somebody needs to proofread their marquee titles," Katherine said with disgust. "I'm going to complain to the management once we're inside."
"No no, I wouldn't do that. Times are tough. Maybe they ran out of letters or something."
Katherine gasped when we walked into the darkened theatre. The screen was filled with a clean shaven snatch and fingers with long, red painted nails attacking it. Then, suddenly, a man's face filled the space and his tongue replaced the fingers.
"Oh my God! What is that?!" Heads turned at the loud, female voice. She covered her mouth after realizing her outburst. "Sorry. Sorry. I'm so sorry," she said quietly to the sudden attention.
After a quick scan, I saw less than a dozen heads spread out through the small theater. Their body movement told me several were pleasuring themselves.
I motioned to the empty section at the side of the theater. "C'mon, let's grab some seats."
She slowly sat down on the worn seat with her turd-under-her-nose look on her face. "Whatisthat smell? And what kind of movie is this?!"
"Yeah, it's a little musty," I chuckled. "I told you, this is an adult theater. They show 'X' rated movies."
"'X' rated?! Oh my goodness!" she gasped.
"Just relax. What did you think? Did you think you were going to admit your infatuation with cock at a showing of Pinocchio?"
"Mark! Language! Please!"
"Oh good grief." I pointed at the screen. "There's a chick with two cocks in her ass and another in her mouth on the screen. And you're worried about language?"
"Two cocks in her ass?!" She gasped. Oh my God! I said it again! The two heads within earshot turned their heads. "I-I-I mean, two...two...two penis' in her...anus? I didn't know that was even possible! That poor woman!"
I chuckled. "Poor woman? Looks like she's enjoying it to me." Katherine studied the image.She really does look like she's enjoying herself!"Let's just sit tight for a sec. Maybe you'll learn something else new."
"Learn something new?! I seriously doubt there's anything...here...I want to learn."
It didn't take long for Katherine to be completely engrossed in the sexual acrobatics happening on the large screen. She didn't know people could bend and perform like that. She was shocked at the sizes she was seeing.These are professionals, yet Mark is larger than them! And I'm having intercourse with him?! My God!It wasn't long before I noticed her squirming in her seat.
She jumped when I leaned into her. "You're enjoying this, aren't you?" I whispered in her ear.
"I most certainly am not!"
She jumped again when my hand landed on her thigh just below the hem of her skirt and quickly worked its way up. "Liar. Your thighs are like a furnace."
She made a half hearted attempt to push my hand out from under her skirt. "It...it...it's very warm in here. (gasp) Stop!" she squealed when my hand slipped inside her boy panties.
She squeaked and bit her slip when I slipped a finger inside her. "Katherine, you're soaked," I teased into her ear.
She felt the heat rush into her face. She looked away. "I...I can't help it," she said in shame. "Oh God!" Her body jerked when I slipped a second finger in.
"Ha! You're getting off on this, aren't you? You're such a slut!"
She shook her head with her eyes closed. "No! No, it's not true," she whimpered while I slid my fingers in until they were knuckle deep.
"Damn, I wish I was sucking on one of your nipples," I said quietly into her ear. "C'mon, open your shirt, let me suck on your tits."
Ohmagawd, I want him sucking my nipples!"But...but my...my nipples are so...mmmmmm...so sensitive. And all of these men...they'll see you!"
"Are you kidding? They're watching the movie. Besides, my body is blocking them. C'mon, whip 'em out. Let's see 'em"
"Yes...finnnnnne mmmmm. Briefly."
I nodded on her shoulder. "Briefly."
She began to slowly unbutton her shirt until t was open to her navel. It revealed a lacy, racey red bra.A push up bra! Very nice!She reached up, paused, and tugged the top down until her girls jumped out. A quick moan left her lips when I took a stiff nipple into my mouth. Before I knew it, she was pulling me into her chest and running her fingers through my long, thick hair.
Soon her hips were gently bucking into my hand. "Ohmagawd...please stop," she panted. "You're...you're going to make me mmmmmm..."
I removed her tit from my lips and placed them onto her ear. "You're gonna cum, aren't you, you nasty slut?" She could feel my grin on her ear.
She barely nodded her head. Her hips started to buck harder. "Y-y-yes."
"Say it. I wanna hear you say it."
"I...I...I'm about to..mmmmmm...I'm about to reach orgasm."
"C'mon, Katherine, say it right. Tell me you're gonna cum like a little slut or, I swear to God, I'll pull out now," I hissed in her ear.
"Oh! Oh God! I...I...I'm going to c-c-cummmm like a nasty little slut!"
"God ahead. Do it. I wanna see you cum like a nasty little slut." I pressed my thumb down on her button.
"Oh God! Oh God! I...I...oh God! Mmmmmmmmmm!" Katherine's back arched and her eyes closed. It felt like every nerve ending in her body was on fire. I pumped hard and faster. My thumb swirled around her elevated clit while her body jerked in her seat.
When the convulsions around my fingers slowed, Katherine grabbed my forearm with both hands and pulled. "Please...oh my God...please stop," she panted.
Her body jerked when I finally pulled my hand out from inside her skirt. It glistened with her juices. I held them to her lips. They parted then closed again. I felt the suction pull them in. Her tongue rolled around them, licking every bit of herself off of them. I finally pulled them out of her mouth with a "pop" and stuck them into my own mouth.
She slumped into her seat panting. "I'll let you catch your breath before we confess in front of the crowd."
Her eyes flew open. "What?!"
"You know, why we're here. To confess our infatuations in front of a crowd."
"Oh...yes. I...I almost forgot," she said hesitantly.
I snickered. "Yeah, cumming in public can do that."
"Mark! Please! It...it's not like I asked for it."
I shrugged my shoulders. "Maybe. But you didn't stop it either." I grabbed her and and stood up. "C'mon, this movie's just about over. Let's go."
"Where...where are we going?" Panic was in her voice.
"Down front, where everyone can see us."
Heads turned and eyes followed us as I dragged her down the aisle towards the large screen. We turned at the end of the sticky aisle and walked along the first of seats until we stopped in the center of the room, directly in front of the screen as the credits rolled. The bright light of the projector blinded us from seeing the eyeballs staring at us.
Immediately, there was a cry of "Down in front!" "Get out of the way!" "Yeah, get the fuck out of the way!"
I waved my hands in a "settle down" motion. "Okay, c'mon guys, the lady has something to say."
She shot me a look. "Webothhave something we'd like to say."
"Who gives a fuck?!" "Nobody cares!"
She clenched her jaw and took a deep breath. "Mark and I are in a 12-step program. As part of that program, we need to..."
"Show us your tits!" "Yeah, show us your tits!" "Release the houuuuuuunds!"
She crossed her arms. "I most certainly will not display my breasts."
Soon there was a chant of "Tits! Tits! Tits!" in the theater.
I leaned down to her. "You'd better show 'em your tits before there's a riot."
"To these animals?! I most certainly will not! Let's leave."
I laughed. "I don't think you're getting out of here without showing your tits." Her eyes grew to slits. "C'mon, what's it gonna hurt? You just watched a chick take two cocks up her ass. What's a pair of tits gonna hurt?"
She was so focused on the situation she found herself in, she didn't flinch at my language. "Fine!"
She turned back to the small gathering, stared, then began to unbutton her blouse. A cheer erupted in the small theater, followed by the chant of "Tits! Tits! Tits!"
The silky material slid off her shoulders. She daintily folded the blouse and gently laid it on the seat in front of her.
A push up bra. Nice!Her massive mammaries were spilling out over the top of the frilly red bra.
She looked up at me. "The brazier, too?"
I shrugged my shoulders and looked into the projector light. "What do you guys think? The bra, too?"
"Hell yes, the bra!" "Take it off!" "Show us your tits!" "Release the houuuuunds!"
She looked into the same light. "Animals," she muttered. She reached behind her back. "I simply do not understand men's fascination with w woman's breasts. They're simply skin surrounding a mass of fatty tissue," she said with disdain.
"Nobody cares!" "Show us your tits!" A new chant of "Take it off! Take it off!" began.
The straps slipped down her arms into her hands. Just as she did with the blouse, she folded it together and placed it on the chair, then stood up and stared directly into the seats.
"There. Happy now?" A huge cheer erupted. "Animals." When the cheering died down, she went into her presentation mode, as if she was in the office pitching a new design. "If I may continue, we're here as part of a 12-step program." She was so focused on her presentation she didn't notice me moving behind her.
She nearly came out of her shoes when I reached around her and roughly grabbed and squeezed her tits. I smiled broadly into the crowd. "Now you can see why I'm infatuated with these fuckers!" Another huge cheer.
She slapped and grabbed at my hands until I released her globes. She turned and looked at me, shooting daggers at me with her eyes. "Mark! You arenothelping!"
I laughed and held up my hands. "You're right. I'm sorry. Carry on," and moved back beside her again.
She turned back to the audience. "As I was saying before I was sorudelyinterrupted, we're here as a part of a 12-step program for infatuation. As Mark has already indicated, he has an unhealthy infatuation with my breasts."
"Who can blame him?!" "So do I!" "Fuck yeah! Me, too!" "Me, too!" "Me, three!"
"And i...I..."
"She's infatuated with mycock!" ZIP! FLOP! Katherine gasped at my words and my actions. My monster trouser python fell out at full salute.
"Holy shit!" "Goddamn!" "Look at the size of that fuckin' thing!"
Katherine's still twitching twat fluttered harder. Incredible she thought when she stared down at it. She subconsciously licked her lips, then took a deep breath. "Yes, that's correct. I'm infatuated with his...his..."
I finished it for her. "Cock! She loves my cock! She loves cock in general, but she can't get enough of my cock!" I turned my head. The stunned look on her face amused me.
"Suck it!" "Yeah, suck his cock!" "C'mon, give him a blow job!" A chant of "Suck it! Suck it!" began. She looked up at me horrified.
"These animals want me to have oral sex with you right here!"
"Well, you are in a porno theater topless with a bunch of horny guys and my cock hangin' out of my pants. What did you expect?"
"Certainly not this!"
"Suck it! Suck it!"
"I don't think we're getting outta here today without you giving me a blow job, Katherine."
Her mind was annoyed. Her heart was pounding. Her pussy was throbbing. "Oh my God. Fine!" I turned to face her and she slowly dropped to her knees. As she lowered, I could see heads popping up into the projector light trying to get a better view of the action over the row of seats in front of us. The lower she got, the higher they rose.
She paused and studied the stiff rod before her when she got to her knees.Am I really going to do this? Am I really going to please him orally in front of these men like a common whore? But...but...part of me feels like I want to! How can that be?!
"Suck it! Suck it!"
She wrapped her long, thin fingers around the thick shaft. Her hands were soft and hot. Her fingers barely wrapped around the girth. She could feel my heart beat through the raised veins. It felt good to her. She felt powerful, like she was holding my life in her hand. She licked her lips again without realizing it. Her face moved closer. I felt her hot breath rush across my purple tip.
My head snapped back and the crowd cheered when her mouth enveloped my pole. It smacked against the back of her mouth, barely taking half of it in. My hands went to the back of her head while one of her hands stayed on my shaft and the other molested her own rack. Her head began to move to and fro while my hips moved front to back.
"Hell yeah! Suck that cock, bitch!" "Look at that fuckin' slut!" "Fuck that whores face!"
It wasn't long before I had a firm grip on her head and was throwing my hips forward with gusto. "C'mon, Katherine, take it all! Take it all, goddammit!"
"Take it all, bitch!" "Swallow that fuckin' thing!"
The crowd cheered when my balls slapped against her chin and she gagged. My body jerked. "Ohhh, fuck yeah!" I groaned.
"Holy shit! She took the whole fuckin' thing!" "She's a cock gobblin' bitch!" "Look at that slut go! Jesus Christ!"
I was startled when I felt a gentle tap on my shoulder. Without pausing my assault on her throat, I turned my head. There was a pudgy, short man wearing safety glasses standing next to me. He looked like someone who should be crunching numbers in his mothers basement.
"What?!" I barked.
"Do you...do you...do you think she would, you know, do me?" he asked meekly. It felt like 1,000 eyes were staring at me waiting for the answer.
I shrugged my shoulders. "Sure, why not?"
"Really? Super!" In a flash he had his fly undone and his manhood in the breeze.
I tried not to laugh. I certainly didn't want to say anything. It was the smallest dick I'd ever seen. I actually felt bad for the guy. I reluctantly pulled Katherines hand off of me and directed it towards the new crotch.
When her hand touched the new penis, her head sprang off of me and looked up at me. "Hey! What's goingggggghhhhhffffff..."
She didn't get to finish her question. I stuffed my pole down her throat too fast. "Who told you to stop sucking, slut? Nobody! Now stroke this dude before I get pissed!"
His round body shivered. "Ohhhhh God!" he moaned. Her hand completely engulfed his tiny tool. She started to barely flick her wrist while she blew me.
"Hey, what the hell?! She's beating Jimmy off!" "Jimmy?! What the fuck?!" "Look at that slut! Holy shit!"
It wasn't long before Jimmy's body began to shiver. His eyes were closed, his head tilted back. I knew what was happening. Being the nice guy that I am, I grabbed a handful of Katherines long, blonde hand and pulled her off of me with a "pop". She looked up at me with a quizzical expression. I yanked her face over until it was in front of Jimmy.
"Suck him! Finish him, slut! Do it! Now!"
Jimmy's eyes flew open. "Wha-wha-what?"
The forcefulness of my words caught Katherine off guard. She didn't protest. Her nose buried into Jimmy's rotund belly in an effort to get to his puny poker while she stroked my meat.
"Oh! Oh God!" Jimmy bellowed. For all I knew, it was his first blow job.
Katherine only had to move her head back and forth an inch or so to sufficiently do the job. And she only had to do it half a dozen times.
Jimmy's hands went to the back of her head. Not so much as a show of force as it was to stay balanced. ""Oh geez! Oh geez! So good! So good! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...ahhhhhhh!" he bellowed.
Katherine felt his thick spunk spurt into her mouth. I leaned down just as she took her first gulp.
"Don't you swallow another fucking drop. Got it?" I said in a low, menacing tone. She looked at me out the corner of her eye and nodded slightly.
When Jimmy stopped shooting, she leaned back and looked up at me, waiting for my permission to swallow. No such permission was coming.
"Open your mouth. Open your mouth and show Jimmy what he gave you," I snarled.
Jimmy's eyes were wide as he watched Katherine look into his stunned face. She gave him a crooked smile. The slutty Katherine had arrived. She opened her mouth and revealed a spiderweb of milky white. After allowing hm to study his gift, she closed her mouth, took a big gulp, smiled, and opened her mouth again. Her tongue had gone from a sexy shade of white to a sexier shade of red.
She licked her lips and looked at him with those fuck me eyes. "Mmmmmmm, yummy," she purred.
"Wow. Oh wow," Jimmy sighed.
I suddenly realized a gaggle of men gathered near us, maybe 10 or so. Different shapes, ages, and appearances. Everything from the businessman in his suit and tie, to the balding retired gentleman in his tan Members Only jacket, to the 20-something loner looking to get his rocks off. The all had one thing in common -- their zippers were open and their masts out at full staff. I felt like I was at a small dick convention. I felt bad for any woman unfortunate enough to go bed with any of them Be that as it may, they all had one thing on their minds -- Katherine.
I pointed at the row of chairs in front of me. "Okay, guys, three of you sit down there. The rest will have to wait their turns." I grabbed Katherine under the arm. "C'mon, Katherine, let's go."
It looked like the Keystone Cops playing musical chairs in front of me, with everyone fighting for the three chairs in front of me.
Katherine looked up at me. "What...what's going on?"
Goddamn she's got great tits! I thought looking down at her. "Well, it looks like you're gonna have to confess your infatuation with cock to each one of these individually."
Her eyes grew wide. "Oh my! Each one? Individually?! Are they all stiff because...because of me?!"Oh my goodness! Look at all these hard cocks...Oh my gosh, I said it again! How can that be?! Am I actually considering this? Is it...is it possible I actually want to service these men with my body?! Oh my gosh, I do! Was Jenny right? Have a I become a slut? That's impossible!
I nodded my head. "They're all stiff as a board because of you, Katherine. Better get started or we'll be here all night.
Her demeanor changed. Her voice changed. "Mmmmmm, yes, we'd better get started. I don't want to keep all of these big, hard cocks waiting."
Slutty Katherine is back and better than ever!"Right. Let's go right here...yep, right there." I brought her over directly in front of the older gentleman seated in the middle of the business man and a middle aged man. "I think you can handle all three at the same time if you...no no, don't kneel. Here..." I started to bend her at the waist until she stopped me.
She looked over her shoulder at me. "Oh, okay! I get it." She put both hands on the armrests and looked the man straight in the eye. "Do you want me to suck your cock? Huh? Do you want me to suck your big cock while I masturbate these other two men?" she asked in a low, husky voice.
The man's eyes were big as saucers. "Y-y-yes, please." He no sooner finished the words and Katherine's head was in his lap. "Oh God!" he cried out.
Just as quickly, her hands were gripping the other two men's joysticks. At first she found it hard to keep her balance and stroke them at the same time, but she quickly got a rhythm going.
I grabbed the zipper of her skirt. "Let's get this thing off of you," I said with a grin. It fell down around her ankles and she stepped out of it. It revealed a teeny, tiny red thong. "If that's all you're going to wear, why wear anything at all?" I wondered out loud.
"Right!" "Exactly!" "Why bother?!"
The tug and snap of the material startled Katherine but didn't slow her down. I tossed it off to the side. It was almost like the bride throwing a bouquet of flowers when three of the men dove after it.
I stepped between Katherine's toned, tan legs. As soon s she felt my presence, she spread them apart without missing a beat on the three men she was servicing. Katherine squeaked when I touched my massive muscle to her aching gash.
I looked around at the men with a crooked smile who were intensely watching while I ran my swollen head along the length of her equally swollen lips. "Jesus Christ, she's fuckin' soaked," I snarled. "It's time to split this slit."
"Do it!" "Fuck that bitch!" "Give it to her!"
I threw my hips forward. I sliced through her like a hot knife through butter. Katherine gave a loud, muffled bark and the man she was blowing grunted when her head drove into his paunchy stomach.
"Fuck, Katherine! You're so fucking tight!" I announced.
She lifted her head out of the man's lap. "That's because you're so damn big! Oh my God! You're stretching me out!"
I palmed the back of her head and shoved her face back into the stranger's lap. "Nobody asked for your opinion, slut!" I dug my fingers into her hips and began to plow her like a mule through a field.
Almost immediately, the men Katherine wasn't attending to surrounded us. Katherine felt like she had a thousand sets of hands pawing at her body while tongues and lips covered the rest. It was sensory overload for her.
Her twat was still twitching when I knifed through it. The thought of all of these men desiring her, coupled with the feeling of their touch covering every inch of her body, was too much. Her muscles clamped down onto my pumping meat. She began to moan and squeal around the miniature meat in her mouth. Two hands slapped at her vibrating clit.
"She's cumming! Look at that! She's cumming like a common whore!" I said with a mocking tone. But she didn't care. Her body began to meet my thrusts with thrusts of her own.
"She's cumming! The slut is cumming!" "Holy shit! Look at that!" "Scream, you fucking bitch!"
The man in her mouth began to visibly tremble. "Me, too! Me, too! Oh fuck, me, too gggggaaaahhhhhh!"
She felt the stranger's spunk shoot into the back of her mouth and down her throat. The sudden gush of his warm, salty sauce only elongated her own orgasm, moaning and gurgling around his pole and cum.
When I felt Katherine's contractions around my pole slow, and the vein on the stranger's forehead stopped throbbing, I pulled out of Katherine. Her head immediately jumped out of the man's lap and turned to look at me over her shoulder.
"Hey! Why'd you stop?"
I gave her a wicked smile back. "Because it's time for something else."
"Something else?"
I stepped to the side so the men around me had a primo view of her heart-shaped ass. I smiled when their eyes grew wide. I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them apart. Her brown eye winked at its audience.
"Look at that fuckin' ass!" I bellowed.
Katherine gasped. "Mark! Stop that! Please! OW!" she yelped when the sound of skin-on-skin tore through the theatre after I left my hand print on a tan cheek.
"Shut the fuck up!" I barked at her. CRACK! YELP! I rimmed my finger around the brown rosebud. "This ass is just begging to be fucked, don't you think?"
"Hell yeah it is!" "Fuck yeah!"
"Mark! Please! Don't!" Her back arched. "OH GOD!" she howled when my finger slipped past her sphincter until it was knuckle deep. I pumped my digit in and out of the tight hole. "Oh God...Mark...please...mmmmm...please....stop..." she moaned without conviction.
I laughed while I continued to pump. "Ha! Listen to her!" She grunted when I finally removed the insert. I grabbed her by the arm. "C'mon, Katherine, stand up." I motioned to the man who she had just serviced. "You, too. C'mon, get up." The man jumped out of the seat and I quickly took his space. The seat was warm and torn. I grabbed Katherine's hips, spun her around, and pulled her back.
"Wha-wha-what're you doing?" she asked when she tripped over my feet and fell into my lap.
I leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "It's time for a good ass fuck."
She gasped. "What?! Here?! In...in front of all these men?! Mark...please..."Oh my God! I want him! I want to have anal intercourse with him so badly! Do I...do I really want to do it in front of all these men? My body's so hot! Could it be true? No! No! That...that's impossible! But I want that big, beautiful cock...(gasp) My God, it's true!
She felt me nod on her shoulder. "Yep. C'mon, lift up," I instructed when I lifted her hips.
"Wait! What?!" Her voice said one thing while her body said another. She lifted onto her feet and backed against me. She placed her hands on my thighs for balance while I held my shiny post steady. She paused when her quivering brown hole touched my swollen head. I held back a laugh looking at the wide eyes and dropped jaws in front of us. She bit her lip and took a deep breath. She lowered herself. She felt the pressure on her backside. She whimpered when the bulbous held slipped through.
"Ohhhhhhhma gawd!" she moaned the entire slow slide down until she landed in my lap.
"Ohhhhhh fuck! That's the shit, right there!" I called out. "Jesus Christ your ass is tight, Katherine!"
"That...that...it's because you're so big! I...I...I feel like you're in my throat!" she said while her body adjusted to the invasion.
I looked at the stunned face. I could feel the wicked look on my face. "You guys wouldn't believe how fucking tight she is! Jesus Christ, it's like a vise grip!"
Katherine had almost forgotten they had an audience. She looked away. "Mark...please...why...why must you say suck things?" she murmured.
Uh oh! Stuck up Katherine is coming back! Better nip this in the bud!She gasped when I jerked my hips up just a little, just enough to remind her she had a huge muscle stuck up her ass. "Puh-lease, Katherine. You've got a huge cock shoved up your ass in front of a bunch of strangers! Don't give me that shit!"
She continued to look away. "Mark...please..."
"Go ahead. Tell 'em. Tell 'em how much you love me fucking your ass. Go ahead, tell 'em. Or, I swear to God, this'll be the last time!"
She still looked away. "Y-y-yes. I...I...I enjoy it when...when I have anal intercourse with Mark and his abnormally large member," she said quietly.
She squeaked when I jerked my hips harder. "Noooooooo. Say it right! C'mon, say it right!"
Who am I kidding? It's true! Every word of it is true!She took a breath. I felt her body relax. She slowly turned her head back to the group of onlookers. Her eyes narrowed, her lips curled. "It's true," she said in a low husky voice. "I love it when Mark...when Mark fucks my ass. I love his big, fat cock fucking my tight little ass."Did I just say that?! Ohmagawd, I just said that! I've become so comfortable with those words! I...I...I'm becoming the slut Jenny warned me I would become! Am I...am I actually enjoying this? Oh my God, I am!The air left the room. I nearly shot my load right there. She started to slowly rise and fall on my staff. She turned her head and looked at me over her shoulder. "Come on, you bastard. Come on, fuck my ass with that fat cock," she said with conviction.
"With pleasure," I growled. I pulled her back into me. She squeaked and grunted with each toss of my hips.
Her legs were spread wide apart. The strangers, each one stroking their hard ons, could see her soul if they looked hard enough.
One old man nudged the other. "See? I told you she was fuckin' shaved! Pay up!"
"I ain't payin' you shit! She ain't shaved! Look at that right there! She's got a little strip right there above her pussy! You owe me, fucker!"
"That don't count! Pay up!"
Katherine looked over her bouncing tits. "Who cares?! Are you going to talk about my grooming all night, or are you going to fuck me?! Huh?! Is one of you bastards going to fuck me or not?!"
Suddenly, I felt bodies all around me.
One old man fell into her. "Oh! Oh God! She's got the sweetest little pussy! Holy shit!"
"Well, hurry the fuck up so I can fuck her!" "Yeah, hurry the fuck up!"
The two men in the seats on either side of us, the men she had bet stroking while she blew the third man, climbed up onto their chairs so that their tools were on either side of her face. She would suck one briefly before the other one would grab her face and pull it towards him. Soon there were men behind us and leaning over our seat. She had four rods sitting on her face, playing round robin serving them all. The remaining crew satisfied themselves with kissing, caressing, and poking every square inch of tan flesh they could get at.
Katherine's body was on sensory overload. Every nerve ending was on fire. Her body began to tremble. Her ass began to spasm around my wood.
"I...I...ohmagaagggggffff," was all she could get out between cocks being shoved into her face.
The man in her snatch tensed. His jaw clenched. "Oh geez! Oh geez! Her...her...her pussy! It...it's squeezing me! Ohmagawd! I...I...gggggaaaahhhhhh!" To be honest, he'd lasted longer than I thought he would.
One of the men over my shoulder grabbed his meat and began to fiercely stroke it. "Cumming! Cumming! Fffffffffuuuuuggggghhhhh!" A rope of white shot over her face, grazed her chin, and landed on her chest.
The man currently in her mouth grabbed her head and pulled it towards him. "Me, too! Gahfuck!" His jizz quickly filled her mouth. She gulped and gulped, taking it down her throat.
The two men at her face were quickly replaced by two more.
The man between her legs slowly pulled his shrinking violet out of her still twitching twat. I felt a warm streak run down my thigh and onto the floor. "Fuck me," he moaned as he backed away.
"'Bout fuckin' time," came the voice from the new body sliding between my legs.
I looked over Katherine's rocking shoulder and past the flurry of flesh molesting her body at the middle-aged man who was about to fall into her slit. "Hold on! Hold up there, dude!" With his splinter of wood in his hand, the man looked at me with a confused look. I felt a corner of my mouth curl up. "How would you like to fuck her ass? How would you like to double team this ass?"
His eyebrows nearly flew off his head. "Seriously?!"
I nodded my head. "Seriously."
"Hell yeah I do!" He gleefully adjusted his aim.
Katherine didn't comprehend the words. They were merely more noise mixed in with the slurps, gags, gurgles, moans and groans that were already filling her ear drums. Until she felt a presence knocking at her back door. Her eyes opened wide. More pressure.Is that...?The tip slipped in. A cock slipped out of her mouth when she abruptly twisted her head. "Hey! Wait! Waiggggfffff!" She squealed when she felt the full length of the second intruder land.Oh my God! I...I...I have two penises inside of my anus!Quite surprisingly, she found the feeling exhilarating.Ha! I'll bet Jenny's never had two penises in her anus before! Take that!
The feeling was odd for me as well. Not that this was my first time DPing a woman's ass, because it wasn't. What was odd was knowing this particular ass belonged to snobbish Catholic girl Katherine and it was being done with a stranger in an adult porn theater.
This went on for another 90 minutes. I eventually blew my load up her ass and dismounted. The rest of the viewing audience continued to use Katherine as their own personal cum dumpster while I grabbed my phone and recorded the event for future viewing. Just as the second feature ended and the credits started to roll, the last two participants finally climbed off of her after emptying their second round and slinked away.
Katherine was a cum covered, sweaty mess. She looked sexy as fuck slumped in the sticky velvet of the theater seat. She lost count of how many orgasms she had. She was exhausted. She didn't know if the smile would ever leave her face. She dreamily swirled her finger around on her chest before slipping it between her lips and sucking it dry.
"Wow! That was something else, wasn't it, Katherine? That was some freaky shit!" I chuckled.And she loved every minute of it!
"I...I...I can't believe that...that just happened."I can't believe I loved every minute of it! It was amazing!She sat up, held out her arms, and looked down at herself. "Oh my goodness! Look at me! I'm a mess!"
I grinned. "You look fuckin' awesome."
She gasped. "Mark! Language! Please!"
"Really? You're a walking cum dumpster and you're going to get on me about my language? Puh-lease."
"I...I..." She looked at me with her arms still out. "What am I going to do?! I can't go home looking...(sniff sniff) smelling like this!"
I chuckled again, this time at the thought of Katherine parading her cum covered body in front of her wimpy husband Darren. "We'll get you cleaned up before you go home, don't worry. Let's go up to a bathroom and start getting you cleaned up."
Katherine began to look around her. The more she looked, the more panicked she got. "My clothes! My clothes! Where are my clothes?!" she screeched as she flipped down seats and looked in crevices.
"Oh shit!" I laughed. "I'll bet those fuckers took them home as souvenirs! Ha ha ha! OH shit!"
"It's not funny!" She turned to the empty theater. "You perverted animals! Come back here!" she howled at the top of her massive lungs.
"I'm pretty sure they're gone, Katherine."
She held out her arms again and looked down at her stained body. Her stilettos had become slick from the dripping substance. "Mark, what...what...what am I going to do?" she asked almost in tears.
I walked to her and gently cupped her cheek in my hand. "It's okay, it's okay. We'll get you cleaned up. It'll be okay," I said in as comforting a tone as I could muster.
"But...but my clothes. I can't go home naked," she bemoaned.
"I know, I know. We'll get you some new clothes." I looked at my watch. "Shit. Every place is closed by now. Shit!"
"Mark, what am I going to do?" Her eyes filled with tears.
I thought. I snapped my fingers. "I've got it. Darren thinks you're at a work dinner or something, right?" She nodded her head. "Call him up. Tell him the meeting ran late. Tell him you had a little too much to drink...you're tired...whatever. Just tell him you're in no shape to drive home. Tell him...tell him...tell him you're going to stay at Jenny's house tonight."
"I don't want to inconvenience Jenny," she said in a hushed voice.
"You won't. You'll be staying with me."
"With you?!"
"Well, damn, you don't have to say it like that. I'm trying to help here."
"Yes. I'm sorry. But I don't want to be an inconvenience. I...I can get a hotel room."
I shook my head. "Absolutely not. You're staying with me and that's final."
"May...maybe I should stay with Jenny."
"Sure. How are you going to explain walking in completely naked?"
She gasped. "Yes. That's true." She paused. "But...but...what about our...infatuations with each other's...you know..."
"I'll do my best to be the perfect gentleman."Yeah, right."I'll even sleep on the couch."To begin with.
She thought about it.Can I trust him? Can I trust myself? "Yes, in light of the current situation, it will probably be best, if it's alright with you. I don't want to impose though."
"Good. It's settled. Now, let's get you out of here."
I lead her to the side door exit and told her to wait there. I pulled the car in as close as I could to the door and honked the horn. Soon, the door cracked open. I saw her matted blonde hair stick out the door. Coast was clear. If I was a true gentleman, I could've met her at the door with the small blanket I keep in the car. Instead, I watched her step into the crisp night air and run naked down the short path to my car.
To be continued...