I just turned 40 a week ago and have finally found a boyfriend. Jack and I have been together for only a few months so I don't see matrimony happening anytime soon.
A regimen of running 4 miles a day plus time on the elliptical keeps me fit, not to mention keeps the cellulite off my legs and the roles off my belly. My body is a vase-shape with long gentle curves. My boobs are a C cup.
Older by 7 years, Jack is neither fat nor does he have an athletic physique. Black hair, a square face, a roman nose and brown eyes make him handsome, at least I think so.
In his younger days, which now seem like a lifetime ago, he played baseball through highschool and beyond. He also played hockey through highschool and beyond stopping finally at age 40. Nowadays he just runs.
It was still quite warm outside at 9 P M when we exited the airconditioned shopping mall. Ordinarily stores are open till 10, another whole hour, but Jack hates shopping, except when it comes to groceries or tools. I bought all that I wanted to buy.
A hundred feet away, straight ahead and to the left, his Toyota waited amid other cars under the lights and the moon. The 5-minute ride back to my house was spent listening to soft rock. Ordinally I prefer Blues artists but this was his car so his choice. The whole genre that he had chosen was doing nothing for me.
He stayed for just an hour then said that "it's getting late."
He kissed my lips then headed out with me at his side. We kissed goodnight then he drove off leaving me standing in the driveway until his car until it disappeared from view.
The house is a split level with a pentagon-shaped wooden deck. At the corner near the house there is a patio table with two metallic chairs. On the oposite side of the staircase there's a gas gril. Last but not least there's the blue fabric hammock.
This being my midweek day off I would just relax on that hammock and go for an all-over tan. I could pair the bluetooth headphones with the i-pad and listen to the music of choice, that being either Joe Bonamassa or Dextor Gordon or similar artists.
Sometimes I just like to go completely in the nude. After finishing breakfast I pulled off my purple-multi lace trim pajamas and stepped out onto the deck to lie in my hammock. I love the sun on my body putting some color to the white spots, I thought.
It's not the first time I've been naked on my deck, though it had been quite a while. Even a week is a long time.
What's the thing with telescopes? Amateur stargazers like to think that they're seeing the planets. To me a scope simply magnifies a twinkling white speck. Besides, what I want to know about stars and planets I can get from picture books.
David Bosch is a well-mannered youth who lives diagonally across the road. He enjoys looking at the night sky through a Celestron StarSense telescope. I have to say the magnification and clarity of image surprises me.
Anyway about 4 P M I had put on a sports bra and jogging shorts and went for my daily run. Approaching the Bosch residence I happened to notice the elevation of the telescope and the direction that it pointed. That's odd, I thought.
As I continued my run I couldn't help worring about he may have seen and what I just saw. I thought, oh my god, I was naked for hours and making good use of my vibrator. A hundred more yards into my run I finally shook the thought from my head, or at least pushed it into my subconscious. Maybe I can talk to him about it, I thought. It is kind of an invasion of my privacy.
A week passed. This RN starts work in SICU at 6 A M, and, allowing for traffic, is home by 3 15. I would go for my run, have a quick and easy to make dinner then relax usually to an audio book. My boyfriend would make some time for me.
It's Wednesday. Having the day off, I slept a bit later than usual and got up at 7. The sunlight coming through the window reminded me that it's time to work on my tan.
At 8 A M I took it all off outside on the deck and stretched out in the hammock. With my phone in hand I activated the Bluetooth vibrator inside my pussy. Sunshine and sex, this girl's two favorite things, I thought.
As always on a summer day I went for my run at 4 o'clock. This time the telescope was pointing skyward making me feel relieved.
My relatioship with Jack is still new so I withhold some personal info from him. I never gave any thought to the question of how long should we be dating before I tell him that I love tanning in the nude.
At 7 that evening I heard the doorbell. Stil clad in Addidas Performance shorts, sports bra and Nike footwear I opened the door letting Jack inside.
I asked, "care for a beer."
"Love one," he said.
He took a seat in the kitchen and a gulp of Winter Lager. I looked at him wondering what was on his mind. I took a gulp of my beer.
"I hear you like the all-over tan."
Stunned, I was speechless.
He added, "David says he sees you on the deck."
"Oh my god, that's supposed to be private," I exclaimed.
"Sweetheart you could have a fence put up," said Jack.
"Yah," I replied.
"You should have a fence put up."
"This is embarrassing," I murmured averting my eyes.
"For what it's worth, I got caught jerking off. I was 19 and just met this girl."
"Was she pretty?"
"Not as pretty as you," he said.
A little flattery will go a long way, I thought.
"It happened 21 years ago."
I asked, "you didn't marry her."
"I did but a year into the marriage she switched sides."