Tom and Aly return to the cabin.
Chapter 3 will make a lot more sense if you read chapter 1 and 2 first.
I woke up at my usual 6 AM and headed for the kitchen to make coffee and get breakfast ready. Ali walked into the kitchen naked, smiled and gave me a huge kiss. We ate, got dressed, packed my SUV up for the weekend and hit the road before 8 o'clock. Ali was quiet and deep in thought most of the way. It takes about 3 hours to get to the cabin from my house and it was eerily quiet considering how talkative Ali usually is. Finally I asked Ali what she wanted to do at the cabin.
"The weather is supposed to be nice until Monday when we will be going home," I told her.
Ali replied, "I really want to swim in your pond. Diving into the water from your boat would be fantastic."
"We can do that after lunch today, I replied."
"I want to take a hike around the property, catch some fish and chill," I said.
Ali gave me that big smile and said, "I want to fuck a bunch of times, too."
"Sounds like a plan."
A couple of minutes later I pulled off the interstate and drove through the little town where I had purchased sun screen and bug repellent on our last trip. Ali became noticeably excited when we left the city limits headed for the gravel road to the cabin.
Ali asked, "Tom, do I have to wait until we get to the cabin to get naked?"
"Not if you don't mind being seen by some local in a big truck we might pass."
Ali pulled her top over her head and tossed it on the back seat. Her tremendous tits standing tall and firm in the front seat of my truck. She had not put on a bra when she got dressed. I was astonished by this beautiful lady, topless in my vehicle. Ali then lifted her butt off of the seat and pulled her shorts off and threw it in the back with her top. No panties either. Except for her flip flops, Ali was completely nude in my SUV, on a highway in farm country.
Wow, what a hot sight. My cock got hard and I wanted to pull over to the side of the road and fuck her in the truck. Ali had that huge grin of hers and asked, "You like?"
"Absolutely, young lady, wait until I get you in the cabin."
"Let's fuck in the car after we turn into your lane," was Ali's reply. She continued, "I haven't fucked in a car before."
After a moment's thought I said, "OK, why not?"
Ali climbed into the back seat, spread her legs and said, "I'm waiting for you."
My cock was throbbing. It was taking forever to get to the car tracks into my cabin. I felt like a teenage virgin that knew he was getting laid. I looked in the mirror at Ali and saw she had her hand between her legs and was playing with her lips and clit. My cock was really hurting. "Get yourself off for me," I asked
Ali gave me a bewildered look and asked, "You mean masturbate for you?"
"Yes," I almost screamed. "I want to watch you make yourself cum while I am driving down a state highway."
"I've never done that before, I mean in front of someone," Ali responded. "I don't know if I can do it"
I remained silent, letting her think about it. I also slowed the SUV down to give her time to get it done.
She didn't say anything but I could see her hand moving over her clit and lips and every once in a while a finger disappear into that wonderful pussy of hers. I could see the turn off to the cabin in the distance when I heard that now familiar, "hell yea, fuck yes" coming from the back seat.
Ali had cum again. My cock was trying to bust the seams of my shorts.
I pulled into my lane, stopped and put the SUV into 4 wheel drive and started into the woods.
I got deep enough into the woods that we couldn't be seen from the road, found a spot that was reasonably level, put the truck in park and climbed into the back seat. I had little experience in car sex and figured the best way would be for her to be on top and she loves that position.
I pulled my shorts and under wear off, sat down on the big back seat, behind the passenger side and invited Ali to climb on. She smiled that wonderful smile of hers and accepted the invitation immediately. She climbed on and I buried my pulsating cock deep in Ali's wet pussy, and started pounding her as hard as I could. It was a little crowded but we found the room we needed to fuck like crazed people. I was a madman. Ali taking her clothes off on the highway and masturbating for me had made me as horny as I have ever been. This chick was making all of my fantasies happen. I grabbed a big tit and rolled the nipple between my thumb and finger. It didn't take long for Ali to start screaming her usual "hell yea," so I knew she was cumming again. I didn't try to hold back. I was too lust crazed. When she quieted down I blasted a huge load of hot sticky cum deep in her hot cunt.
"Wow," That was all I could say. Ali sat there with a silly grin on her face and said,
"That was awesome."
After a short rest I started the truck up and we drove the rest of the way to the cabin. The first time she was here Ali was trying to hide taking her clothes off. This time she got out of the truck, helped unload and put things away and never gave being nude a second thought. When we finished lunch and cleaned up I asked her if she wanted to take the boat out and swim off of it.
"That would be great "she answered."
We put some drinks and fruit in the cooler, grabbed the sunscreen, bug spray, towels and my kindle and headed for the boathouse. We were slowly moving through my pond a couple of minutes later. As usual I wanted to check all of the pond out so I went to the far end, everything checked out, so I started back towards the cabin. Ali was lying on the deck in all of her glorious nudity not saying a thing. I kept looking at her ass and wondering if I could get my cock into that virgin orifice. She must have felt me staring as she turned over, looked at me and asked, "What are you thinking about."
I didn't want to tell her the truth so I just said, "I was admiring your beautiful rear end, and lovely legs."
She beamed at me and said, "Hold that thought, I want to swim now"
I pulled the boat into the same little, sheltered cove we were in last trip and told her to have fun. Ali jumped in, gave a yelp because the water was colder than she expected, and started to leisurely swim around the little cove. She did some more backstroke and I admired her big breasts and small bush as they gyrated in the water. She dove under water for a moment before she surfaced next to the pontoon boat. She lifted herself onto the deck of the boat and I wrapped a big towel around her when she stood up. She was shivering from the cold water, so I dried her off with the towel. Of course I had to dry all of her wonderful body. Her tits, ass, legs, between her legs and even her arms and back. When I finished towel drying her hair she gave that tremendous big smile of hers and gave me a big thank you kiss. I had a big hard cock from toweling that tremendous body and the kiss made me press it up against Ali's body. Ali grinned and asked, "are you ready for more so soon?"
"It seems like I am always ready for you," I replied.
Another big kiss followed and Aly rubbed her hand up against my shorts where my raging hard on was trying to poke through. Another first for her, she had not felt my cock much during foreplay. I broke the kiss and asked her if she wanted some of that. She grinned and said, "I haven't had it in hours."
I stepped back and slid my shorts off. Ali immediately knelt in front of me and took my hard cock in her hand. She said, "I want to try this," and kissed the tip of my cock. I was surprised by her eagerness and moaned appreciatively. She licked the end of my hard on before she opened her mouth and engulfed it.
"Careful with your teeth I yelped."
Aly didn't know what to do with my cock so she did nothing. I would talk to her later about that. After too short a period of time she released me and said, "How are we going to fuck on your boat?" "The floor is too hard and the cushions are too narrow to lie on."
I said, "Doggy style, you lean your head on a cushion and stick your butt up in the air."
She grinned and did as I instructed. "Another new thing," she murmured as she got comfortable.
I stepped up behind her, adjusted the height of her bottom and slowly eased my cock into her wet pussy. I was amazed at how easily she had gotten so wet from so little foreplay. I knew I would get deep inside her in this position so I took it slow. All of the way in, and slowly back out. At first Ali was quiet and un-moving, but she slowly started to return my probing thrusts. Ali moaned, "I like it."
I maintained a slow and steady pace and Ali seemed to be really getting into it. She was pushing back at me pretty hard with her muscular thighs and tight ass. Boy would I like to get her ass this weekend. I reached around and found her clit with my finger and started to rub it in circles. Ali instantly got much louder, like she did in the pool at home, but here no one could hear her. She was close so I pushed hard on her clit and she came. She screamed "fuck yes" as loud as I have ever heard her and the spasm from her pussy on my hard cock were fast and hard. When she quieted down Aly asked, "Can I sit down for a minute, before I collapse?"
I told her to sit and gather her strength and composure, we weren't done yet.
Ali caught her breath and said, "That was awesome, can we do that position more?"
"Of course we can," I replied, "As soon as you are ready for more."
Aly eventually got back on her feet and laid her head on the boat sat cushion. "I'm ready if you are."
I dropped to my knees behind her and licked from the top of her thigh across her butt to her vagina. After a couple of licks of her wet pussy I knew she was ready for more. I gently entered her and resumed my slow, steady movement in her pussy. When she was starting to react I wet my thumb with saliva and gently caressed her tight butt hole with it. Aly jumped away from me and demanded to know, "Are you going to fuck me back there?"
I answered her question with a question, "Do you want me to?"
After a long pause she replied, "No, not now?"
I resumed fucking her and she said, "You can do whatever you were doing to my hole, it felt really great."
I got my thumb wet and began to massage the tight ring of her ass hole with it. Aly was working her body back and forth with my thrusts and starting to moan softly in her throat. I continued my slow strokes and got my thumb wet again, and pushed it into Aly's hole. Her sphincter contracted around it and squeezed while Aly's moaning became much louder. I took that as my cue to increase the pace and strength of my thrusts. I started pounding this hot chick as hard and fast as I could. I moved my thumb around in her butt while I was pounding. Aly started screaming loudly her usual "Fuck yes, Oh fuck."
I was not stopping this time. I pounded her pussy until my orgasm erupted and sent streams of hot cum deep into Aly's hot, wet cunt. My release caused Aly to scream even louder, and she collapsed onto the floor of the boat pulling my shriveling cock out of her pussy. She lay on the floor, with her head on the seat cushion and weak as I was I sat down on the other side of the pontoon boat.
...
The rest of the afternoon we spent on the boat, Aly working on her tan and me reading. When the afternoon sun cooled off we went back to the cabin. I plugged the battery charger in for the boat and we grilled steaks for dinner. We went back out on the boat with a pitcher of margaritas to watch the sunset and stayed out when the sky lit up with bright twinkling stars. Aly said, "This is so romantic."
I replied, "I planned it that way for you."
My mind wandered back to a constant question of the last couple of weeks. Where is this relationship going and where do I really want it to go. I came up with the same answer. We are both having a good time together and having some great sex. I decided to continue enjoying the moment and not to think about it.
It got chilly on the water shortly after the sun went down so we went back to the cabin. It had been a tiring day with all of the driving to get there and the great sex in unusual places so we decided to shower and go to bed. We showered separately and cuddled once we were both in the king sized bed. Aly was quiet for a while then finally commented, "This is a great way to spend a free weekend. Uncle Al wanted me to work but I told him no."
I told her I was glad she turned down the waitressing work to spend the weekend with me. Aly smiled and said she was glad too. The sweet talk led to a kiss, which led to another kiss, which led to a hand caressing her butt cheeks, which led to her grabbing my cock. Aly held my cock and said, "When I had you in my mouth you didn't seem to enjoy it much."
"Aly, you were not doing anything except holding it in your mouth. Next time use your tongue and lips and suck while you are doing it. Pretend it is an ice cream cone or a Popsicle and keep licking and sucking. You are very inexperienced at that, you will get better with time."
"Can I try to do better, now?"
I have never turned down oral sex and the hottest chick on campus wanted to blow me. How could I refuse her? "Yes you can."
I watched disbelieving as Aly's beautiful face descended on my groin. I felt her lips cautiously wrap around my hard shaft. I felt her lips and tongue caress my hard cock and realized she was catching on. I asked myself if I should let her go all of the way and fill her mouth with cum, but decided not to do that even though that would be another first for her. She was getting better at licking and sucking and I wanted to fuck her, so I gently pulled her head off of my hard cock gave her a great big smile and said, "That was much better, keep practicing, but now I want to fuck."
Aly beamed, said "doggy", and jumped up on the bed and stuck her ass in the air.
What a hot sight that is, her beautiful ass and lovely legs spread for my enjoyment. I slipped a finger in between her swollen pussy lips and found her soaking wet again. I was beginning to wonder if she was always wet, not just when she was aroused. I slipped that wet finger across her tight little rosebud opening and got a little shiver from Aly. Maybe later.
I stepped up behind Aly and slowly slid my engorged cock into to her very wet pussy. I was not going slowly this time. I had 2 really good fucks today and would be able to wear her out with my third. I immediately started pounding her pussy. With one hand I grabbed a tit and squeezed her nipple as I slammed into her. As usual she was close to her orgasm quickly. I slowed down a little so I could concentrate on getting deep inside her. Within minutes "Oh hell yea, fuck yes", came roaring from Aly's mouth. I plunged in and out of that delightful pussy for what seemed like hours before I finally drenched her vagina with a tremendous stream of cum.
Sleep came quickly to both of us.
I woke up around 6 which is my norm, quietly slid out of bed so I didn't wake Aly and went down to the kitchen. I made a pot of coffee, got out sausage and eggs for breakfast and turned on the television to watch the news. Ali came dragging down the stairs around 7:30, naked, and looking really tired.
"Didn't you sleep well last night?"
Aly answered, "Like a log, but you wore me out fucking me for hours like you did."
"I don't think it was hours."
She grinned at me and said, "Maybe not, but I am sore from however long it was."
I grinned back at her and teased, "That means no more for you for the rest of the weekend."
She was not pleased and retorted, "Not that sore."
While we ate we talked about what we were going to do for the day. I suggested staying in bed and working on our sexual skills and stamina. Aly reminded me that I had said I wanted to take a hike around the property and we should do that while we still have the energy. After breakfast we put on jeans and long sleeve shirts, put some water and fruit in the backpack, and added the bug repellent in an outside pocket. With my hand held GPS we set off down the hill bedside the pond.
I had forgotten how quiet the area around my property was. Aly remarked on the quiet when we stopped for a breather and some water. My land is almost completely surrounded by a National forest. The is a farm on the other side of the county road we came in on, but that is way on top of the hill behind us and what little noise the farmer made was blocked by the trees and hillside. Aly and remarked. "You sure do like your quiet, Tom".
I replied, "We could yell and scream here and no one would hear us." "Civilization is too far away, that's why I built on this piece of land." "I didn't want to be bothered by anything when I came out here."
Aly gave me that silly grin of hers and said, "If we fuck out here in the woods no one can hear me scream?"
"Not a soul would hear you."
Aly pulled me to her, kissed me hard and said, "Let's fuck in the woods right now."
"The ground is wet and we would get filthy, but we could do doggie if we find a good spot."
"I love doggie, what are we looking for?"
"A tree stump or rock that you can bend over while I enter you from behind."
Aly was running around like a little puppy looking for the right spot. I had no idea where we might find a likely tree stump and there weren't many big rocks in this area so I suggested we head back toward the cabin and find a place there if nothing looked like a good spot on the way. This time Aly stopped in front of me and planted a hard, wet kiss on my lips, saying lets lie down in the leaves. I told her I didn't want her to get dirt and leaves in her pussy and butt, that they wouldn't taste good when I ate her out.
The next time she stepped in front of me I said, "OK Ali, I have had it, take off your pants and panties and bend over against that tree.
Aly wasn't sure that I meant it, but she slowly pilled down her jeans. She wasn't wearing panties. She slowly bent over and shook that gorgeous ass of hers at me. I dropped my jeans, and I stepped up behind her, knelt and licked her pussy to make sure she was wet, stood back up and entered her in one quick push. She was sloppy wet inside as usual, I slid in easily. She let out a loud cry and started shaking.
"Go ahead, scream if you want," I told her.
It only took a couple of long, slow strokes in that velvety pussy to get Aly making loud noises. She is the easiest to cum lady I have ever had the pleasure of fucking. She screamed, "Fuck yes," as loud as she could when her first orgasm shook her luscious body. I stopped to give her a chance to get control of her body. Leaning over as she was I didn't want her to fall. Aly was still for a while then started to slowly push back against my still very hard cock. "I want another cum," Aly screamed.
I wanted to satisfy that desire in the worst way so I began to slowly pick up speed. I concentrated on getting as deep in her pussy as I could. I felt like I was hitting bottom and Aly began that shaking and shivering that came before her orgasms. Again I heard that loud, screaming, "Fuck yea" from Aly. This time the trembling didn't stop and Alt started to slowly slip down the tree trunk she had been leaning against. I reached around her and held her up so she didn't fall to the ground. We stood like that for a minute until Aly regained control of her body. She leaned back against the tree and demanded, "I want a third cum, now."
Again I started slowly pumping into that hot, wet, smooth and firm pussy. Aly was slower responding this time. I picked up speed a little with no response from Aly. I wet my thumb, leaned back a little and started massaging her butt hole. Finally she was responding. Long, slow, deep strokes and my thumb working on her ass got her going again. Soon she was trembling and shaking, but still no screaming.
I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Cum again for me, Aly." I have no idea why that worked, but Aly was screaming almost immediately. Fuck yea, over and over again. I still hadn't cum so I kept pumping mu hard cock into her convulsing pussy.
Aly finally had enough and yelled as loud as she could. "Please stop Tom."
Of course I stopped to give Aly time to recover from what had to be her best and longest orgasm yet. 3 times in about 5 minutes Aly had had hard long orgasms. We had fucked 5 times prior to this already this weekend. I was amazed at how sexual this gorgeous young lady was. I wanted to fuck her forever. She is beautiful, has a great body and loves to fuck. What else could a man ask for? She also is intelligent, focused and determined to be a success in her chosen field. I was starting to really get into this hot chick.
Aly pulled away from me and said, "I can't take anymore right now, Tom." "I am sore, exhausted and need to rest."
I apologized for being so rough with her. She laughed and said, "I asked for it and wanted it and loved all of it, but you wore me out."
Aly continued, "Maybe later we can finish you."
I told her to catch her breath and we would head back to the cabin. Aly asked if I could find the way, so I showed her my hand held GPS and told her we would follow its directions back to the cabin. She was amazed at the modern technology that hikers, hunters and fisherman take for granted.
...
When we got back to the cabin Aly went up to the loft to take a nap. It wasn't lunchtime yet so I turned the TV on to the weather channel to see what the weather was going to be, and to take my mind off of my need to cum. Aly was just too sore to help me out. There was a heavy rainstorm heading our way, and it would be pouring by late tonight or early in the morning. The rain was only going to affect the lower half of the state. I tried to figure out the best way to handle this. If we headed to my place after lunch we would miss the rain and could swim in my pool tonight and half a day tomorrow. That would give Aly's pussy a little time to get over being sore. Another option would be to stay here all day, spend the day on the boat, with me fishing and Aly sunbathing. That option would have me staring at a naked goddess all day, and her too sore to do anything about it. She would probably want me to put sunscreen on her beautiful, naked body, making it harder on me than before. I decided to wait until I talked to Aly to make a decision.
Aly slept soundly for a couple of hours. I guess she really was tired when she woke up this morning. She came down from the loft nude. When she went up she was wearing jeans and a long sleeve shirt. She gave me a bright, radiant smile and started apologizing for stopping me from fucking her before I had my orgasm. I told her I wasn't surprised. We had sex twice Friday night and three times yesterday. That would make most women sore.
I told Aly about the weather forecast. We talked about all of the possibilities and decided to spend the day on the boat, grill super, than pack and leave. That way we would have half the day tomorrow at my house before Aly headed home.
We had lunch and headed for the boat. With a cooler full of cold water, sunscreen and bug spray we planned on staying on the water until supper. I also had my fishing rod and a small tackle box with half a dozen lures. We got to that favorite sheltered cove and I shut the electric motor off. Aly plopped down on the blanket she had brought and asked me to cover her body with sunscreen. My cock had gotten rock hard when Aly came down the steps from her nap nude and was still hard. I wasn't sure I could smooth sunscreen all over her body without flipping her over and fucking her hard. I remembered the first time we had been in this situation and I managed then so I guess I have to manage now.
I followed the same routine I had on our first weekend at the cabin. I rubbed the sunscreen between my hands to get it warm and started applying it to her shoulders, and worked my way down her back. This time I didn't skip her ass. I kneaded the lotion into those amazing cheeks with both hands, and made sure I got deep enough in her crack to insure it wouldn't burn. While doing her ass I pulled her cheeks apart to look at her pussy and puckered little rosebud. Like the first time she was glistening wet, but this time her labia were puffy and swollen and a little red. She really was sore. I thought to myself, maybe we can have anal sex, that opening looked perfectly normal. I will try to figure out a way to make that happen. I finished her legs, gave her a kiss on her cheek and cleaned off my hands in preparation for some fishing.
I had to adjust my hard cock in my pants when I stood up. A beautiful, hot, sexy babe naked at my feet does that to me. I put a lure on my rod and started casting. I had stocked my pond with fingerling bass, bluegills and minnows last year and I wanted to see how the bass were doing. I made a number of casts with no luck so I moved the boat. The motion caused Aly to roll over and ask me to hand her the sunscreen. Now I had to watch this gorgeous lady play with her tits, groin and lovely legs. My cock got hard again. Aly ignored me and lay back down, this time on her back. Those tremendous tits sticking out proudly, the trimmed pubic hair, the lovely legs and beautiful face were all on full display. I had to turn away from her or do something I really shouldn't.
After a number of casts I finally had a bass grab my lure. Not a real hard smash, he just kind of grabbed it on the way by. After a short fight the small bass was in the boat. I held him by the lip and looked him ever. It was exciting, my first bass in my pond. Aly saw the small fish and jumped up and was really excited. She wanted to hold my "trophy" and check it out. She told me she had never been fishing or seen a fish up close. The bass was 9 or 10 inches, less than a pound and certainly not a trophy, but it was fat and seemed to be healthy, which is what I wanted to find out. I showed her how to grab its lip with her thumb so she could hold it. Aly squealed when she had the fish in her tight grasp.
"It's moving, what do I do?"
"Just hold onto it."
I can't think of a better sight for a fisherman than what transpired next. The hottest chick on campus, completely nude, was jumping up and down on my boat holding a fish that was flopping around and trying to escape. Aly's tits were bouncing, her entire body in motion and she had the cutest look on her face. I wish I had a picture, but there were no cameras or cell phones on the boat. Aly finally threw the little bass up into the air to get away from it. Luckily it landed in the water which is where I wanted it to go.
I couldn't help but to start laughing. Aly looked angry at first then started laughing with me. Soon we were both roaring with laughter and holding on to each other so we wouldn't fall down. When the laughing subsided I pulled Aly close and gave her a hug and a sweet kiss. She said, "Was I that funny looking?"
I replied, "Yes you were, but you were really hot jumping up and down."
Aly gave me a passionate kiss, put her hand on my raging hard on and said, "I'm sorry that I can't take care of that for you."
Just what I needed a passionate kiss and her playing with my ready to explode cock. I must have looked pissed off because Aly turned away from me and said, "I'm sorry."
Things got deathly quiet. I went back to fishing and Aly lay back down on her stomach, facing away from me. The quiet continued as I resumed casting. I eventually caught another small bass with no reaction from Aly.
I guess she is mad at me for me being pissed at her being sore. I continued fishing and thinking at the same time. I am not really mad at her, just horny as all get out. We had been fucking often and hard and usually for a long time. There had been a number of firsts for her and she had willingly kept going with the fucking. She tried everything new that I had to offer. We just had way too much of a very good thing. We had fucked in the pool, the truck, the pond, the woods, and of course the bed. Had a little oral sex and I had made the hot, young chick sore as hell. I cleared my throat, sat down on the bench next to her and apologized for making her so sore and for making her think I expected her to get me off when she was too sore.
Aly smiled, but not that big, lovely smile I have come to really enjoy. "I really like fucking you, you make me cum so hard and so much, but we overdid it this weekend. " Aly whispered. She continued, "I know you need to cum, and I don't know what to do." "Boyfriends always wanted me to give them blowjobs when I wouldn't fuck them, but I never had a cock in my mouth before yours, and I don't think I can take having cum in my mouth. I would throw up."
I took a deep breath and said, "Maybe we could try the back door."
Aly looked at me, turned away, and looked back at me, obviously scared, then finally responded, "Will it hurt a lot?"
"I don't know. Women are all different when it comes to anal sex."
"Some like it, some say it hurts too much, some hate it, some won't try it."
"I really can't answer your question except to say it probably will hurt briefly, like when you has sex the first time."
"Some women say it burns more than hurts."
"I would try my best to go as slow as you need, use plenty of lubricant to make it as painless as possible, if we decided to give it a try."
After a long pause Aly said, "Give me time to think about it."
"Of course," I relied.
Aly spread back out on her blanket, on her back again, and I resumed fishing. I was thinking, is she on her back to protect herself from my wanting her delectable ass, or just to get some sun on her front. Then I started planning. On the way home we passed a drugstore where I could get some lubricant, we had a lot of clean towels in the linen closet. Aly liked doggie and that was a good starting position for anal sex. I could lick her pussy in that position and slide up to her ass and tongue it some to see if she gets aroused. If I was going to take her anal cherry I wanted to make it as painless as possible and as enjoyable as possible.
My cock stayed rock hard. I had to keep glancing at the gorgeous Aly nude on the floor of my boat, hoping that she would turn over so I could ogle her beautiful butt. I wonder what she is thinking.
I kept fishing and Aly finally turned over and she had me put more suntan lotion on her back. As I did her ass cheeks I let my lotion covered finger slide across her tiny rosebud. She shivered a little then said, "I haven't made up my mind yet."
I said, "Let's not grill supper here, I know a good restaurant on the way home and we can stop there."
Aly quickly agreed. No discussion, no enthusiasm, no wondering where we were going to eat. There seemed to be a cloud hanging over us. The spontaneous playful relationship had been replaced by the fear of the unknown. I wanted Aly back the way she had been before.
The sun started dipping towards the horizon so we started the boat and headed back to the cabin. I hooked up the battery charger, put away the fishing stuff, grabbed the backpack and went into the cabin. Aly was standing by the steps to the loft.
"Do I have to wear clothes on the trip home?" she asked.
She had been so quiet since the discussion about anal sex I was shocked by that question. Did she mean all of the way to my house? That's about a 3 hour drive with normal traffic and a lot of it on interstates.
"Aly, I love seeing you naked, but if you do that others will see you naked too."
"There is no way a semi driver won't see at least your tits in my SUV."
She smiled that big, playful smile of hers and said, "Oh well"
"It's all right with me if that's what you want to do." I replied.
Aly seemed to instantly become her normal, playful self, big smiles on her face as we packed up the SUV for the return trip. I had to remind her to keep out clothes to wear in the restaurant. I wasn't taking this hot chick into a restaurant naked.
She giggled and said "If I have to."
After we had the SUV loaded and the cabin and boat house locked up I started the engine and looked over at the naked Aly and asked, "Are you sure you want this?"
She gave me her million dollar smile and said, "Absolutely, yes."
As I started up the narrow track from the cabin my only thought was, I hope I don't get arrested.
When we reached the country road at the end of my track, I stopped and asked Aly if she was sure about this. Extreme need was showing in her face, and she said, "I really want to do this, don't make me get dressed, please."
I turned onto the road without answering. Aly kept looking for vehicles coming the other was, but there were none this late afternoon. When we got to the state highway, she murmured, "Maybe there will be someone on this road."
We passed a couple of cars headed the other way but they weren't looking at us. My SUV is large, I bought it for the 4 wheel drive to handle the snow, and people in most cars won't be able to see her. Aly was squirming around on her seat, not knowing what to do or think so I advised her, "The car coming toward us, stand up and lean toward the windshield." "Let them see those beautiful breasts."
I got the biggest smile from her and when another car approached she stood up as much as she could and flashed those tremendous tits at the occupants. The older couple in the car weren't looking. We finally got to the interstate without one instance of anyone seeing her tits.
"Are there any tractor trailers on this highway," Aly asked?
"There should be," I replied. "
"When we get to the 2 small cities we pass put your top on, because they policeman sit in the crossovers waiting for speeders and you could get in trouble if they spotted you."
"They shoot laser speed devices and are looking right at the vehicle when they pull the trigger," I explained.
Aly looked a little concerned when I said that so I suggested, "Put your T shirt over your head, and pull it over your breasts, until you see someone close enough to flash, then pull it up and flash them."
"Don't flash cars, they may take it as an invitation and I can't outrun anybody in this SUV" I advised.
The comment got a huge smile from Aly. Now she could flash whenever she wanted and not worry about the police.
Several minutes later we caught up to a semi pulling a long trailer. Aly had her T shirt on and was ready for action. I looked over at her as we got close to the cab of the truck. Anticipation, lust, excitement and maybe a tinge of fear were all prevalent in her face. "Are you ready," I asked.
Aly didn't respond. She had turned facing the door of my SUV waiting for the driver to come into view. When we pulled next to his door Aly pulled her T shirt up, covering her face but exposing her whole upper body. The trucker gave a long blast on his air horn and Aly squealed with delight.
"I did it," she screamed, "he saw me", and reached over and gave me a big hug.
"This is making me so horny, knowing that compete strangers are going to see all of me." Aly mumbled.
"Speed up and catch another truck, please."
There wasn't much traffic on the interstate today, maybe because of the long weekend. Sunday usually has a lot of truck traffic but not today. Trucks were few and far between. Finally we could see another semi far ahead of us. "Please go faster and catch up to him," Aly pleaded.
When we caught up to the truck Aly again was ready to flash the driver. When we were next to the cab the driver wasn't looking and Aly groaned, "Please look, please look."
The driver was paying no attention but Aly pulled her t shirt up over her face anyway. When we were past the truck Aly was very disappointed that the driver hadn't looked at her. I told her she could flash me. "You have seen all of me for 2 weekends. It wouldn't be the same."
"But I still like to look at you," I replied.
She smiled then turned her attention to the road ahead, looking for trucks.
After what seemed like hours to Aly we caught up with another tractor trailer. Aly was poised and ready to flash, but again the driver wasn't paying any attention to us. Aly was almost screaming, "Look at me, look at me," but the driver kept watching the road ahead.
I slowed down to keep abreast of the semi and blew the horn. That got the drivers attention and he looked at Aly. Aly had the biggest grin when she pulled that t shirt up and exposed her awesome tits. The driver looked long and hard and blew his horn to acknowledge the flash.
Aly was bouncing up and down in her seat and squealing and laughing all at once. "He saw my tits," was all she could say.
"I need fucked now," Aly demanded.
I guess my Aly is a full-fledged exhibitionist now. She gets sexually excited showing off her hot body.
"Your pussy is too sore to fuck, remember?" I reminded her.
Aly replied by sticking a finger into her cunt and moving it around.
"Maybe I can handle a quick fuck."
"I am not fucking you in the SUV in a parking lot."
Aly repeated, "I need fucked, now."
"When we get to my house, and not before," I countered.
Aly gave me that real forlorn look of hers and turned to the window and pouted.
Soon we came up to another semi. Aly got very excited. "This one is going to see my pussy and my tits," she exclaimed excitedly.
Like the last truck, when I got even with the cab I slowed down to match the speed on the semi. Aly cried, "He is looking at my tits."
She pulled her t shirt up over her face, but not her eyes, so she could watch his face. He was grinning so she stood up as best she could in my SUV so he could see her pubic hair. Aly was rewarded with a long blast of the air horn and went crazy in her seat. "He saw my pussy, he saw my pussy, he saw my pussy," was all she could say. She kept repeating it over and over.
I had to put a stop to this madness. She was out of control. The place where I wanted to stop for supper was still 15 minutes away. One of these truckers is going to get on his CB and tell the world about Aly's fun stuff and great tits and the semis will racing down the highway trying to catch us. Or worse yet, lose control of his rig and run us off of the road. I slowed down to the speed limit and kept my eyes on the rear view mirror looking for trucks trying to catch up with us. There were no more trucks before we were coming up on the exit for the restaurant we were stopping at.
"Aly, you need to get your clothes on now. This is where we are having super," I told her.
Aly started to complain so I had to say, "No, you cannot go into the restaurant nude."
She mumbled something under her breath, but slowly pulled on her shorts and top. No bra, no panties, just her sandals.
All through our dinner Aly was nervous and fidgety. When we finished she said she wanted to flash our waiter as a tip. We were seated at a booth on the side of the nearly empty restaurant and after looking around I thought she could get away with it. The waiter was not very good looking, but what the hell. She was hot and he would love a look at those gorgeous tits.
When he comes with the check, you can flash him, then immediately go to the truck and lock the doors behind you. Aly grinned and started bouncing on the bench seat.
The waiter came over with the bill and handed it to me. I gave him my credit card and he left. Aly asked if she really could flash him. "If you want to, yes," I replied.
The waiter returned with the credit card receipt to be signed. Ali said hi to him, so he looked over to where she was sitting. She gave him that dazzling smile of hers and slowly lifted her T shirt up so he could see her tremendous tits. His mouth dropped open and Aly quickly exited the restaurant as I had told her to. I signed the credit card receipt and left.
When I got to my truck Aly was shivering with excitement. "I am so fucking horny," she told me." Let's fuck here in the parking lot."
"Not until we get your sore little pussy home," I answered.
Aly put on her pouty face and pushed herself as far into the door as she could, like she wanted to get far away from me.
"Aly, your pussy is so sore you made me stop giving you orgasms in the woods. It can't be better this soon, is it?"
She stuck a finger inside her shorts and moved it around a little. "You are right Tom," she blurted out, I wouldn't be able to handle your cock this soon."
"You still need to cum from the woods, so I guess I'll let you take my ass when we get to your house, if you promise not to hurt me." "I couldn't stand both holes hurting," she whimpered.