I wasn't going to be intimidated by the stupid men who lived in the village. Walking confidently along the narrow path that lead through the woods I was determined to ignore the noises, the infantile cackling and shouts coming from a short distance behind me.
We had been happy at first having moved into the area from the city. Our cottage needed renovating and that's when things started to go wrong. These people had their own ways as country folk do and maybe we were wrong to employ local, and not very professional labour rather than an established city firm. As an affluent couple in our early thirties we need not have tried to make economies. The work was shoddy and the men lazy, and my husband lost no time in complaining.
As for myself I felt a little responsible, guilty that I had encouraged the men to be lax. Having given up work temporarily until we settled in I had become bored at home in that isolated cottage and idle minds get up to mischief. I had enjoyed the attention I was getting from that bunch of rough men and when my husband was at work I sometimes had the urge to do quite naughty things -- like dress to tease. I would wear thin see-through dresses and tops and purposely stand against the light chatting to them, knowing they would be able to see through my clothes. I wore very low cut tops baring my midriff together with skirts so tight and short that they may have qualified as belts. Neither was I bashful about the occasional flash of panties when I bent over or climbed out of the car.
I remember one hot day when all five men were standing in the yard when I drove up and swung open the door of our low sporty soft-top car. I stretched one long leg out of the vehicle then pretended to be sorting out my stuff. The effect on the men was electric -- as it was on me -- their chatter and chuckling stopped and they just stood and stared with lewd grimaces as my short tight skirt rode up my thighs to expose the front of my pink lace panties. When I finally climbed out of the car I smiled sexily and sweetly at them letting them know I had done it all intentionally just to tease them.
It was when they were working on the roof of the old stables that I picked my time to go into the bedroom or bathroom -- and partly undress. The roof was about level with the upstairs windows of the cottage and pretending not to be aware of them looking I would pull my top over my head or slowly unfasten the buttons of my shirt before slipping it off. Sometimes I would parade around a while with just my bra covering my upper body. One of my more daring moments was when I answered the door to two of the men, with my shirt undone and apart, and let them have a leisurely look while I kept the conversation going unnecessarily.
Over the weeks I found that just being stood talking to them or of being a short distance away was enough to arouse. It was the dirty way they looked at me. These were rough men, big men, stripped to their waists when it was hot, dirty and sweaty. They never attempted to hide signs of the lust they felt and would blatantly stare at my breasts, smirking. They liked also to see my embarrassment (and often excitement) when a bulge would start to grow in their groin. They would know my eyes would keep darting to look at their crotch and would smirk at each other then me displaying their manhood's through their pants.
Then came the day when my husbands' patience ran out at the slow pace of their work. He stormed into the barn one morning with a list of things to complain about. The row went on for a long time with threats of litigation and refusal to pay and much more. I kept out of the way after that; until the day it rained very hard.
I was walking across the yard feeling the eyes of the men burrowing into me. It was between heavy showers and the cobbled area was slippy. I had just reached a place where the cobbles gave way to a muddy three-inch deep puddle of rainwater when I stupidly glanced round at the staring men and went sprawling into the mire. With legs akimbo I struggled to get up but fell again into the muddy water to the laughter of the men who by now had approached me. Sobbing and humiliated I stopped struggling for a moment while I tried to regain my composure and dignity. I found myself looking up at the men, helpless and completely at their mercy. I realised that between their laughter and mocking comments that their eyes focused between my legs and roamed over my body. The water had made my clothes see-through and as I glanced down even I could make out the redness of my nipples through the white wet top. But more interesting for them, was as my legs were wide and my right knee bent they had a clear view of my pussy, as my wet skirt, clinging to my thighs, had ridden all the way up my legs.
They stood on the edge of the pool and stared, now silently, down at me with a mixture of lewdness and contempt. I felt a little scared and my heart raced, knowing that they had no intention of helping me -- then I saw evidence of one man getting an erection!
"Sexy wet bitch doesn't look so high and mighty now!" said one.
I gasped as the hand of another man went to feel his crotch and grabbing the bulge circled his palm like he was stimulating his penis openly. It was then I became aware that because of my stunned disbelief of their ungentlemanly behaviour that I had made no attempt to cover myself. I saw several pairs of eyes focused between my legs and conscious of the sexual effect it was having on the men I experienced a very shocking and unexpected emotion. I was getting a strange feeling, a thrill from being in this position of complete helplessness. I knew that if the men chose to, they could do all manner of things to me and make me beg for mercy as I submitted to their lust.
A foot came out and pressing against the inner thigh of my left leg he forced my knees wider apart. I could have just as quickly closed my thighs together but I didn't. Leaning up on my forearms I sat there in the mud, not crying, not screaming, just looking back at them -- and they noticed right away my unusual and unexpected response and seemed to detect a certain telling expression on my face.
The men had become serious and were no longer laughing loudly. Still, three of them played with the front of their pants and now I openly stared back watching with interest the movement of their hands. One man, who had always seemed more evil and lewd, stepped up the edge of the muddy puddle. His eyes told me he was going to do something to shock me, to upset me, make me scream out, amuse his uncouth friends. They were just as shocked as I was when he undid his fly and pulling out his cock he began to urinate into the water.
He showed his utter contempt for both my husband and I by his humiliating dirty act. He remarked that now, 'the posh stuck up rich city bitch' was getting what she deserved. If he expected me to scream he had got it wrong. The incredible feeling I was experiencing from being a total submissive was intensified. Instead of screaming I found myself focusing intently on the thickness of the penis and the bulbous red head that had that little slit gushing forth a strong stream of piss into the water I was sitting in. I felt the warmness reach my legs and took in a deep breath -- and still, to the men's amazement my legs stayed wide apart. I didn't care that all men stood waiting for me to react in a way a normal woman should, I ogled at the semi-flaccid penis, much thicker than my husbands' or indeed any other I had even seen. I watched patiently, until his piss finished streaming.
Two hands came from nowhere and I was lifted up. An unshaven face was close to mine looking coldly into my eyes. I could feel a hardness against my tummy and I'm sure the man detected the faint sign of a smile on my face. My hands were lifted above my head, and before I knew it the wet top was pulled off, over my head. I felt all eyes on my breasts before someone said I should be hosed down. My wet skirt was clinging to my hips now and the mud was doing a better job of covering my modesty than my clothes were.
Now I cried out -- the water was cold and took away my breath. Stood there in the corner of the yard one man doused me with the slow flowing hosepipe while two others wiped away the mud from my body. The others watched quietly as the hands and fingers of their pals touched and rubbed my very private places. I whimpered, but not because of the wandering hand or liberties taken, I complained only about the coldness of the water. Almost simultaneously one voice suggested we should all go inside where they could 'warm me up' while the other commanded, 'Take her bra off'.
None of those things happened but I was ashamed later to admit that I was happy to have gone along with both requests, and the men knew that. My arms had already moved out from my side, bent at the elbows as they do allow garments to fall away. One strap was already slipped off my shoulder. Unprompted I had taken several steps toward the house with the men following me.
It was the sound of an engine that prevented any plans from being completed. The men, startled, and brought back to reality quickly bundled me away but I resisted and yelled urgently for someone to retrieve my top. I was as anxious as the men were to hide any evidence of what had transpired -- a fact that I'm sure would get their brain cells pondering for many a hour afterwards. Shouldn't I have screamed and called for help - not assist them in covering their tracks?
When the approaching vehicle pulled into the yard the men were back at their tasks. It was not my husband as they had feared but one of our suppliers, come to bring a quote. With a robe pulled around me I explained calmly my accident in the yard, falling into a muddy puddle and avoided any questioning by letting my robe slip open to both divert his attention and prove my story was true in essence. His eyes popped out of his head and it was actually harder to get rid of him.
Over the next couple of days the men must have been on tenterhooks. I glanced at them frequently from a distance seeing the confusion and anxiety on their faces. When I was with my husband I avoided directly looking at them but I knew what was going through their minds and guessed what they talked about over a drink. They had gone just a little too far that day and they would wonder why I hadn't called the police or at least told my husband. Some of them had committed very dirty depraved acts and it must have confused then no end when later they realised I would have let them take me in the house and I was about to allow them to take off my bra.
It must have been obvious to them -- as it was to me -- that if the visitor hadn't interrupted that things would have gone much further -- that sex of some sort would have almost certainly have taken place. Like the men I also pondered the question; why had I been so willing and submissive?
Anyway, that was a couple of months ago and since then the men had been fired off. I still ran into them occasionally in the village and got this funny feeling when I caught them staring at me. They held a grudge over losing the work as everyone in the village knew and it seemed to me that they would have loved to get revenge on my husband through me. They would intimidate me by looking for a chance to corner me when they would just stand in front of me blocking my path and smirk while they blatantly ogled my breasts and legs.
If Steve, my husband, and I were in the pub of an evening and I made a visit to the ladies room I would expect to be cornered in the little corridor and sometimes one of them would stroke my arm and they would grin when I gasped and looked frightened. Even when at the village stores I would expect that when I went back to the little secluded car park that two or more would watch me load my shopping away and openly stare from a few yards away watching while I got into the car and drove off.
I can't explain why I still wore short skirts and low tops and bent over into the vehicle or didn't take enough care when stretching my legs into the driver's seat. Maybe I hoped if they enjoyed a brief look and knew they had succeeds in humiliating me that they would be satisfied and they would leave Steve and me alone.
It was silly for me to carry on into the woods when I had known they were following me. I walked along and tried to ignore both them, and the fact that I was experiencing a strange kind of excitement inside. The feeling was weird and it made me feel very disturbed and guilty somewhat; because it felt like their was something sexual about it. I denied that fact to myself continually as I walked along and told my 'other self' that I was simply going to carry on exercising my right to walk in the woods and maybe sit and take in the sun for a while.
Behind me was quiet now and I walked a little further till I came to a small clearing and sat down on the coat I had brought in case there was a shower. I relaxed but every now and then certain noises from the shrubs made me feel I was being watched. My weird feeling increased but I stayed put where I was. Determined to carry on enjoying my leisure time I took off my top let the sun warm my skin. What did it matter if someone was there as I wore not underwear but swimwear, a simple everyday bikini? For that same reason, when I lay back, what did it matter if my dress blew up around my hips?
Relaxing I lay back and felt the sun on my skin and now dozing I felt my thoughts drifting away and that odd feeling was creating fantasy's inside my head. The fantasy that I was being surrounded my those crude men was swiftly dispelled when I felt the warmth of the sun give way to a cool darker draft and opening my eyes to see what was shading me I tensed, giving off a cry when I discovered that my fantasy was fact.
I looked up at the grinning and mocking men, scared of making a move. One, who had my top in his hands, began to rub it against his crotch. I noticed now that each and every one of the four men had a considerable bulge in the front of his pants.
"Can I have my clothing back?" I pleaded, knowing full well it wouldn't be that easy.
The eyes of the men examined every inch of my body and I even saw how their penises twitched and stiffened.
"Sure," said one, "Follow us, we'll give it back when we reach the edge of the woods."
I sat up now and watched them stroll away turning and waving the top at me giggling like immature boys teasing other kids.
"Come on then!" they goaded.
I stood and slowly followed them back into the woods but just as I was at the edge of the clearing hands grabbed me and pulled me to the ground. One of the men had hidden behind a bush and jumped out on me. As I struggled and screamed the others laughed; my arms were raised over my head and strong hands clamped my wrists holding me down making my breasts heave and push out as I sucked in deep breaths. The men went quieter now while they fed their lust by gazing at my rising chest covered only by my bikini top. I went very weak and stopped struggling, just gazing back up at them.
"There will also be a forfeit to pay!" sneered the man holding me down.
I smelt his sweat and felt the roughness of his unshaven face against my cheek as he whispered aloud in my ear. His lips brushed mine when he moved his head forward and then our eyes locked. He kissed me briefly again before staring back into my eyes, surprised that I hadn't struggled or screamed. I sensed that the other men were tense and watching intently then saw for myself when the man nuzzled his mouth into my neck making me squirm and wriggle. Now he was becoming very aroused and at least one of the standing men played with the front of his pants.
It was an electric shocking moment when again our eyes locked and I tried to push myself up before going limp -- and submissive. The man took advantage and pressing his lips hard against mine he forced his tongue into my mouth making me automatically attempt to resist -- because that is what a woman ought to do isn't it? I wriggled and squirmed for a minute as he alternately nibbled my neck kissed me full on the lips and ran his tongue down my cleavage. I felt his hardness and it seemed futile and pointless to maintain my struggle but involuntarily I still wriggled my body and it took a while for me to realise I was doing it in a very different way.
I caught glimpses of the other men and felt they could read my mind and sense the weirdness of my emotions. I let out a moan instead of a desperate cry and everyone saw how my mouth opened to accept the tongue of the slobbering man holding me down. Between wet kisses our eyes locked and I gave up any attempt to hide the fact that I was feeling thrilled and aroused. As he pushed his cock against my belly I even gave off a faint smile kissing him back and responding.
"Hey, you've had your turn!" yelled one of the men pulling back his shoulder.
At the very same time a laughing moron yanked down my loose skirt and dancing around with it over his head he and the others returned to their normal state of stupidity. Now, in just my bikini I felt vulnerable in that wood as the men bid me to follow them carrying all three items of clothing, the third being my coat which had my keys, phone and money inside the pocket.
It felt chilly now as I followed them into the wood protesting, appealing to their better nature and simply begging for them to be reasonable -- to no avail.
"Please!" I begged for the thousandth time.
The men had slowed and now I was stood amongst them. I was startled when I felt two hands take hold of me from behind and shivered a little when they traced a line around my midriff, one hand resting just under my breasts. I guessed they would all want a kiss and a grope before they returned my clothes and had really resigned myself to this fact. So when I easily succumbed to the man's advances it was read a different way.
"She's loving it!"
Many hands now fondled me ignoring my sobs and pleas while slobbering mouths wet my face and body. For a couple of minutes they mauled and felt me then I cried out when suddenly the strap holding my bikini top fell loose. Instantly my arms covered my bust, hiding my nipples from view, as it was too late to grab the garment.
"Please, no!" I cried constantly as the men tried to make me uncover my breasts tempting me with the promise they would return my clothes in exchange for my cooperation.
"We could rip off your lower half as well!" threatened one.
"No, Please!"
Stood in the middle and helpless I held my arms across my breasts as the one I called the evil one -- the one who had urinated in the pool unzipped his pants. Clearly he had dark propensity to piss in front of women as he answered his friends' shout of, "You're not going to fucking do that again are you?" with an affirmative answer. Hands and fingers were all over me once again as they coaxed me, feeling me while they licked and kissed me.
With all the different hands touching my together with the feeling of helpless vulnerability and virtual nakedness the strange emotion returned, more intense and powerful than before. I looked directly at the stiff cock being handled right before me and found I had allowed a finger or two to delve between spaces in the folds of my arms and touch my nipple.
"Come on, move your hand, lets see your tits!"
The urge was too much and whispering that they had to keep their promise I moved my left hand and let them see my naked breast, complete with stiff nipple. Immediately a mouth closed around it and sucked making me cry out while the men gasped with lust. Through the haze of abnormal thoughts and sensations I could tell the other men expected and were waiting, for me to change my mind and fight. They may have been as confused as I was when I sobbed and moaned but stayed quite still letting the man lick and suck my tit, sometimes hard and roughly, before letting my right hand fall away from my right breast to surrender it to their depravity. In no time at all another mouth closed over my nipple and there I stood, a man on each tit, arms outstretched, whimpering, but gazing intently at a third who was masturbating in front of me.
As the head of the man on my left tit was pushed out of the way so the forth man could take a turn I dropped my head to the side to accept his kiss and willingly took his tongue in my mouth even showing my eagerness. Another voice reiterated that I was 'Loving it!' and not seeing any reason to argue of disguise the fact any longer I gave up totally any resistance and gradually let them see my arousal.
Why they didn't force me to go all the way I wouldn't know but by the end, when each man had sated his lust my body was splashed in sperm and I had held more than one cock in my hand.
"Can I have my clothes back now?" I had asked rather comically but nervously when the men regained their usual sneering attitude. "Give them back!" said one, "We've had our fun and taught her she can't mess with us."
"Just one more forfeit!" said the evil one, "Kneel down!"
He had to do it to show his power and enjoy making me submit to his fetish; but I dropped to the floor before him without quibble - and waited calmly.
The men muttered as the yellow liquid spilled out of his prick and down my body over my tits. I remained still letting him delight in his depravity and also for the others to marvel at my compliant behaviour -- that would tell them so much. He wanted me to submit to his dirty act -- so that is what I would do -- that is what I was willing to do -- far too willing! When the last drops flowed I was ordered to lift up my head, and open my mouth. My heart raced and I shivered -- but not from fear or revulsion -- but from the joy of submitting to this pack of depraved animals. I felt scared that the realisation of the truth was more disturbing than the act I was about to perform. I lifted my gaze, and as my eyes darted to each man in turn I felt the weird feeling take over -- and I opened my mouth. Would the men know -- would they sense how my submitting to these depraved and humiliating treatment was producing inside me an abnormal thrill? Would they know that, I liked it?
Time went on and I managed to maintain my composure when in the village and play the middle-class city housewife who was finding her way about and getting accustomed to living in the countryside. The work on our property had been completed and apart from attending and supporting various local events we mixed with few of the locals, save for shopkeepers and tradesmen who delivered. Our run in with the local workmen was known throughout the area but people ignored (with a knowing smile) the tense situations when, say, we ran into them in the pub. I often detected amusement on some faces when one or some of the men blocked my path and saw the fearful expressions on my face. To the locals we would always be outsiders and they would always ignore bad behaviour from their own kind.
Which explains the incident when the butcher made a call at my house one afternoon. I heard his van pull up and hurried outside to meet him. He was a big jovial man and I always spent time gossiping with him and sometimes I would offer him a refreshing drink. My smile this day turned to one of stony shock when I encountered his travelling companions -- two of the men -- 'The Pack'.
"Got a couple of extra passengers today!" the butcher said cheerfully, "Giving them a ride over the moor to town."
I tried to remain normal and unconcerned making conversation and responding in the way I usually would.
"Let's get this stuff inside for you," said the butcher eventually.
I turned and went ahead glad to get away from having the men stand and smirk at me intimidating me. Reaching the kitchen I turned around fully expecting to see the butcher carrying his parcels of meat. The man had the parcels all right, but it wasn't the butcher. I froze, trapped in the space between the large table and the kitchen worktop. The man put down the meat and trembling I began to pick up the parcels to place inside the fridge while I had time to prepare them for the freezer, ignoring the man and hoping and expecting that the butcher would soon make an appearance. Surely the men wouldn't dare try anything while the butcher was there?
Of course I was wrong, very wrong, as I realised when arms circled my waist and held me cupping my breasts.
"No, not here -- not now!"
My pleading was done in low desperate whispers as the man's intruding hands found their way under my clothes and my bra was tugged over my breasts so my nipples could be roughly pulled and rolled between fingers and thumb. His friend, the man claimed, would be keep the butcher busy as they needed to take a look at the vehicle's engine. He offered a deal, if I gave him a 'quick wank' he would leave me alone. There was time, he argued, the butcher was busy. In my mind I had taken comfort that because of the men's fear, and probably gratitude, that I had never called the police or exposed their behaviour that we had an unspoken agreement that no one would ever know what went on, that they would never divulge to anyone else what they had done to me. This was like breaking an agreement -- the butcher was almost in hearing distance. Anxious to maintain secrecy I decided to give the man what he wanted; when I heard the sound of his zip unfasten I placed my hand inside his pants and allowed him to pull up my top to bare my breasts. My hand began to work away furiously in an effort to bring this to an end. If letting the man pull up my skirt also to play inside my panties while he sucked my tits would excite him enough to make him quickly ejaculate then why not let him?
That then is what the butcher saw when he stepped into the kitchen. I, that polite and proper housewife he had come to know, was eagerly and enthusiastically masturbating a stiff cock while having her tits sucked and pussy fingered. Could I deny my compliance and apparent enjoyment when my head was cocked back and eyes closed, wrist going like a piston engine?
"What the Hell is going on here?" said the butcher in a low quiet disbelieving voice.
"We are all old friends," smirked the man with the butcher, "We enjoy similar things -- we provide her with a service too!"
My hand stopped shaking the stiff penis and alerted to my impending panic the man held me tight, still displaying my tits and with skirt bunched up around my hips.
"No -- it's not like that!" I cried wanting to explain my predicament to the butcher.
My mouth was covered with the man's, who, besides forcing his kiss on me, resumed rubbing my clit in full view of the tradesman.
"She's a bit shy," explained the other man, "Shocked that you've discovered her secret. Ask yourself, did she look like she was being forced or did she look like she was enjoying it?"
The butcher didn't answer but just stared unbelieving. He was urged to admire my tits and I heard him agree coyly that my nipples were magnificent. My arms were trapped against my side and I was helpless. Twice I briefly opened my eyes, the first time to see the butcher watching, licking his lower lip at the way my pussy was being stimulated and how my tits bounced to and fro. The second time was after the other had spoken.
"Come on," he had said quietly to the butcher, "Join in with us, we are going to have some fun with her."
My eyes opened, alarmed, to see the red-faced man taking off his tradesman's smock and with beads of sweat already on his forehead he was loosening his belt. I yelled out as he approached me turning away from the man forcing his kisses on me, I was held tighter, feeling that my panties were already being peeled down my thighs.
The two men laughed, this time at the butcher -- like they were surprised now.
"You don't waste much time!" I heard a voice say; "Now that's a fine piece of meat!"
I cried out even louder now and opened my eyes, realising what was about to happen. The sweaty man was between my legs and now my left leg had been lifted from the floor making it impossible for me to move and worse, forcing my vagina to open wide and make access easy. The 'pack' had always stopped short of sexual intercourse, nay, rape, but it seemed the butcher assumed it was part of the game. I jerked back as his cock penetrated me and loosing balance my hips went forward as my backside was allowed to rest against the edge of the table.
"See, she's wants it all -- told you she likes it!"
Unable to fight I stopped any effort to resist and tried to rationalise the fact that the butcher was fucking me in my kitchen while two men held me, sucking and mauling my tits. With my leg still held aloft while the sweaty man's thick cock (I had, in spite of my desperate situation noted it's girth!) pounded into me I had no choice but to hang on to the men. Suddenly I became conscious that my arms had been freed and unknowingly I had automatically placed them around the shoulders of the men, who, one at each side were supporting me as they played with a tit each.
Now I looked very compliant to the butcher who looked me in the eye as he stood ramming his dick into my pussy. I stared back at him, making him show visible signs that my lewdness was bringing him to his climax. I let my eyes dart over the scene, down, side to side, then back down to watch the thick wet penis pushing hard into my cunt -- I felt my hips begin to slowly push back and forth -- I was starting to respond, to feel pleasure. That odd feeling was taking over and welling up inside me.
Not only at the mercy of the predatory men but like putty in their hands I gave in completely. The butcher, who witnessed my submission grunted and gasped as he shot his load inside my hole before reeling back breathless. The way my eyes looked at his now semi-flaccid cock inflamed the other men who until now had been content to enjoy the butchers efforts while they played with my tits. Now I had been fucked -- and I still had my legs wide open, not struggling; surely I was waiting while they all took their turn?
"Let's take her upstairs!" said one.
Who was more surprised, the men or me, when I meekly walked with them, through the living room to the old oak staircase, and without persuasion mounted the stairs? Who was more surprised when, on entering the bedroom one man ordered me to kneel on the bed, arse in the air, because he said he wanted me 'doggy fashion' and I obliged him, even spreading my knees? Did I really need telling when the third man, impatient for his turn came to sit crossways near my face and ordered me to suck his cock? Was I too quick to obey, and eager to do a good job?
For an hour I was fucked, made to suck, and spanked while I bounced, straddling and slurping while my tits were nibbled bitten and stretched. There was something very dirty about having the red-faced butcher man spread his big thighs over my head and force me to take his thick dick down my throat while he looked down, and I looked up. Those pleasant jovial and innocent conversations between young housewife and middle-aged tradesman would never happen again. Or would we both pretend, when I walked into his shop and waited my turn to be served, that nothing had happened and would we chat, discussing the weather and what the best cuts of meat were on offer that week.
That picture was in my mind as for the second time that day he spilled his sperm into me, still not believing what his eyes told him when, keeping my gaze firmly fixed on him I put out my tongue and licked the still oozing cock. Does he get to this to other 'respectable' housewives I wondered? It almost seemed as though the evil 'Pack' had become pimps. Would this sort of thing happen again; would they 'introduce' other men into this surreal sexually depraved world? I stopped myself think about it. It was silly. Surely I would never let such things happen again!
An important consideration occurred to me though. The two men that afternoon would almost certainly let the other members of their pack know that now full sex had taken place -- that they had fucked me! It may be prudent, I reasoned, that to maintain the equilibrium, to prevent jealous members betraying the secret, causing all manner of trouble and ruining my reputation, for me to let them enjoy the same pleasure, should they wish -- and all would be equal.
I spelt it out, aloud almost, in my thoughts.
"If I should ever find myself cornered and alone with the pack of men I will have to be prepared, and submit to letting them fuck me."
Thinking that thought made me tremble, and invoked the power of that bizarre feeling and it was almost as though I knew it was bound to happen. Once again my 'other rational self' came to the fore reminding me that I could prevent anything happening ever again -- if I wanted to.