We were staying on A1A across the street from the beach at Lauderdale By The Sea, this the last summer that the Candy Store was open, so some of you may remember how long ago this was. We were there on vacation planning on doing some sunning, scuba diving, and partying at the beach clubs.
We arrived late Sunday evening after driving in from North Carolina. We had packed light because we were not planning on doing a whole lot of anything except relaxing. Everything I brought was small, little and short and as promised my husband, I brought no panties or bras with me, neither of which I wore very often anyway. Although I sometimes wore a thong under my really short skirts if we were just out shopping, dancing not so much.
It had gotten late by the time we had unloaded the truck; I had stripped off my clothes, which wasn't much, a pair of "way to short" jean shorts and a cropped men's tank top tee shirt. I put on a 2X-large men's tank top; I use it for a cover-up sometimes over my bikinis. I traded it on a dare with a biker in Myrtle Beach, we swapped shirts in a bar with several on-lookers, he just wore my bikini top as a neckless.
My husband loves it because it has large arm holes and when I turn just right, a boob has been known to slip out, but it is long enough that you can't tell if I am wearing shorts or not under it. We were just sitting around relaxing when we realized we had not eat'in anything yet, and my tummy was telling me I was hungry.
My husband suggested we go next doors and eat at the club with the outside tables. I told him I didn't feel like getting dressed again, so he got up, grabbed my hand and we headed out the door him saying, "You don't have to, wear what you have on."
There were not a lot of people on the streets so I guess it was ok, we had never been to this part of Fla before and I didn't realize how much I could actually get away with not wearing proper clothes wise, but I was to learn before the week was over!
I have always been a bit of a showoff, so I was ok with a little flaunting of my assets. Which I am told are worthy of flaunting more than I do. I am a 28-year-old blonde with crystal blue eyes, about 5' 4", oh about 125 pounds but all in the right place, guess you would call me a soft body. Small "C" chest sometimes a big "B", depending on what I put on, the time of the month and how its cut, and a butt that is killer in or out of clothes (so I'm told). Oh and I keep my little friend shaved most of the time, as it is for our trip to Florida.
Well, we got to the bar next doors and the only seats available were at the tall tables with glass tops and the typical bar chairs you have to use the rail to step up on to sit, you know the ones that sit up high. The waitress was there in a flash as I struggled to get in the tall chair and stay in my shirt, but it wasn't working very well. As I was looking at the server's T-shirt, which had a lot of cuts across it all over, showing off a lot of skin, barely covering her nipples, she motioned to me to look down at my shirt.
I had twisted a bit and one breast was completely hanging out my shirt. I smiled and thanked her and straightened my shirt back up, to my husband disappointment. Although when I leaned forward, if you were in the right place, you could just about see completely through the inside. I told the girl to bring me a tequila shot and a beer, I needed to unwind.
Not being too busy she was back in only a few minutes with our drinks.
I shot down the tequila and chased it with the beer, then we ordered wings and mushrooms, as the sun was going down. The evening went on as we just relaxed and did a bit of people watching and being watched, we continued to drink the beers and I could feel my buzz creeping up on me!
My husband told me he wanted to see more of me, and I asked, "What he wanted to see?"
"Legs" he said,
I looked down and told him, "If I showed any more, I would get in trouble!"
He said, "Look around, no one will even notice."
I giggled at his requests while evaluating the people seated around us and those passing on the sidewalk, felling no pain. I just spread my knees a little showing him what he wanted to see, although people on the street had a better view than he did. It was dark, so unless someone was paying attention, they would miss my little show.
Feeling brave, I finally just hooked my legs behind the chair legs and finished eating very un-lady like. I few people slowed to look at me, most trying not to be too obvious as to what they were doing. My husband enjoying my exposure more than I was, even though it felt extremely erotic to be on display like I was.
We finished eating and decided to walk on down the street to see what was around and where we could go and play while we there on vacation. As we walk my husband continued to try and show me off pulling on my shirt causing my tits to slip out one side or the other. Guys in the little bars were calling to us to come and drink with them. I was not done partying yet and a bit giggly enjoying the attention and exposure.
We stopped and had a few beers in one of the little pubs. Some friendly guys and my husband talked me into playing a game of pool, at first not realizing what was up, I soon found out. Every time I would bend over to shoot, one or both tits would come out my shirt and anyone standing behind or to the side of me had a good view. On some shoots people could see down the sides and through to the bottom as well, revealing the fact the T-shirt was all I was wearing.
I was too the point I didn't care, I was 700 miles from home and no one knew me here!
We returned to our seats at the bar, facing toward the band this time to people watch and be watched as before, my husband kept running his hand up my thigh trying to keep my shirt pushed higher on my thighs, I knew what he wanted, he wanted to show off my bare pussy.
It was getting late, I reached around to the bar feeling the material sliding off my boob. I started to fix it but my husband quietly whispered, "Leave it." It felt so wild sitting there like that, I finally hooked my feet back again like at the Candy Store where we sat out front for dinner, with me on display.
This time when he pushed the shirt up my thigh, it stayed near my waist. What a rush that was, tit out, legs spread and shirt covering nothing down there. The looks were turning me on getting me a bit excited. We finished our drinks and I told him it was time we headed back, it was going to be an early morning, he wasn't overly excited to leave.
We headed back down the street toward the hotel, he did his best to keep turning the shirt so my boob would slip in and out while we walked. Back at the hotel he was pulling my shirt off before we got to the room, we made out while he tried to open the door with me leaning against it, the key card in one hand my blue tank top in the other. Let me tell you the exhibitionism was well worth it, making us both hungry for each other.
We had planned to catch a dive boat in the morning, knowing we had to get some rest we fell asleep around 1:30.
The next morning started out to be a wonderful day, calm seas and getting hot quick. We loaded the truck and headed south toward Hollywood. I was wearing my wicked weasel yellow thong bottoms and triangle top, covered with a regular white men's tank top t-shirt. We checked in at the boat, stored our dive gear and snacks then waited for the boat to depart.
While we were sitting around talking a big boat came down the ICW, there were several very busty girls sitting up front on the bow sunning. One of the other dives hollered at them "show us your tits" and I was surprised when two of them pulled their tops off and waving them at us.
"Wow"! I thought, "Girls can get away with about anything down here".
It wasn't long and we headed out to the dive site, everyone began milling around setting up their gear, I just watched! I pulled off my t-shirt and just stood around watching my husband get my gear ready, all the guys seemed to be interested in striking up conversation with me, must have been the tiny yellow bikini I was barely in, but I didn't mind I like being the center of attention. One thing about wicked weasel bikinis, no linings at all.
The dive master told us we were about 10 minutes out, so to everyone disappointment I pulled on a dive skin expecting the water to be a little chilly.
When we got in the water and too the bottom, I realize how warm the water actually was; I told my husband by way of his dive slate, I was going back up and I would be right back.
When I got to the surface, only a boat hand and the captain were on board. I got them to pull me and my gear out the water so I could peal out of the dive skin. Both of them were too happy to help me get out of it, as they pealed it off they were pleased to see my bikini was see thru and my nipples were poking through the material and the bottoms were molding to my lips.
They told me next time when I get to the top to release my straps and they would pull my BC and tank out so I wouldn't have to climb out with it on. They helped me back into my gear and I was back to the bottom to continue the dive in minutes.
It was a great dive, it felt so cool to be almost naked swimming with the fishes.
When our time was almost up, we headed back to the surface to get back on the boat. At the surface most of the other divers were back on board, having entered the water before us, and were waiting for us.
I handed up my fins and weight belt and then as the captain said before I re-entered the water, remembering he told me to release my strap to the BC and lean forward and he would pull my gear onboard for me, which I did, and it was so much easier. I was just about to the top of the ladder when I realized my top was untied from around my neck and I was on display to everyone on the boat, what the hell I figured, I climbed the rest of the way up and then retied my top once I got on board.
The guys all moaned when I retied it, telling me they had all seen me and that I should just leave my top off now.
Laughing, "Naaa... not this time" I told them, although it was a awesome feeling.
We did our next dive and I managed to stay in my top this time. But after we finished the dive and we were putting our gear in our bags, I slipped my tee shirt back on and then untied my top and pulled it out from under it. Of course, the wet bikini top had made the tee shirt almost transparent, so I did put on a bit of a wet tee shirt show of my own.
Later that afternoon we stayed on the beach getting sun, I was a bit disappointed to see that it was mostly gay guys there and no girls were laying out topless. So, I just did my usually thing, mirror sunglasses on, slide the bikini triangles over as far as I could, untied my top from behind my neck, then pretended to sleep and let my top fall down to get a little extra sun on my tits. Even though many of the guys were gay, a lot still took their time passing checking me out.
When I flipped over later, my husband took joy in not only untying the string at my back but pulling my top from under me, which I allowed him to do of course. I loved the feeling of knowing the only thing I had on was the tiny string thong, and with my feet apart, it hid little.
Later that evening we ordered pizza and ate it by the pool, me in a oversized tank top again. We made an early night of it and went to bed a bit exhausted.
Tuesday was to be a beach day, I started out in my smallest wicked weasel thong and top, the top is actually more of an "A" size top, so I barely stayed in that one. I headed across the street; my husband headed out on a Golfing trip for the day. I got a few comments from the guys in passing cars, as I made my way to the beach. Hurrying to across the street, the sign flashing not to cross, I all but bounced out of my top with half of my big right nipple peeking out, good thing it didn't cuz, I would have had to wait till I got across the street to put myself back together as my hands were full.
I ask two other girls who were laying out already if they minded if I joined them, I had seen them at our hotel the day before, and they seemed friendly enough and invited me to join them. One of them, Donna, was an Italian looking girl with jet black hair and olive skin, wearing a thong and top similar to mine, but she was in hers. She had a soft body like me, a little more than a handful of tits and a very round butt. The other, Jessie was a strawberry blonde with hair down to her butt almost, and skinny as a rail, almost flat chested, with pale skin, she was in a cover everything modest bikini.
I set up my chair made my adjustments again and sat down, I untied my top and just let the weight of the string slowly easy the top off my tits. I pulled my top back up a few times, not wanting the girls I had just met, to think bad of me. But they did seem to watch me to see how far I would let it go each time.
I later flipped over and asked if one of them would untie me and they both jumped at the chance it seemed, but Donna sitting next to me reached over and untied both my strings. I felt it strange that here I was on a beach covered with gorgeous guys, half naked, and the only ones to even give me a second look are two other girls.
I later notice a few young men, maybe in their early 20's I would guess, on bikes had stopping to admire us from the sidewalk. I decided I would make their day and sat up on my elbows to allow them a good look at my breasts, keeping my nipples barely hidden, as I pretended to read my book. I think it was exciting me, as much as them as I felt my nipples getting hard. I asked the girls why no one on this beach goes topless and they didn't know either.
I figured it was time to see if I could get away with it and turned over, dropping my top in my bag. Donna said, "I wish I was as brave enough to do that."
I told her she was and reached over and pulled her strings loose, she didn't put up any fight at all, like she wanted me to do it for her. She was much smaller than me but very perky, she had been tanning a lot, even with her olive skin her breast were very white and almost glowed against her tan except for her almost dark chocolate colored nipples.
She turned about 12 shades of red, but she didn't put her top back on. Jessie said, "You won't catch me doing that," and when Donna reached for the back of her top, she took off running. She came back and asked that we don't do that to her, she would die if we did, and anyone saw her.
"If I had tits like you guys I would do it too, but I just don't have anything to show off," so we left her alone and enjoyed our nakedness. No one ever came and told us we needed to cover up, so we stayed that way all day.
Later, I told them we would be at the Candy Store for some dancing if they wanted to join us. They said they might just do that!
When my husband got back from golfing, I had already got a bath and had picked out my minimal clothing for dancing. I told him he needed to get ready because I was ready to go party. He asked if we could stay in tonight, I told him he could, but I was going dancing.
I slipped on one of his favorite outfits, a short black micro mini skirt, a lace see-thru sleeveless cropped top that came to just under my boobs and leaving my shoulders bare, a shortie black jacket with two buttons which I left unbuttoned, my two-inch open toe heels, and out the door I went.
It was like a meat market when I walked in, lots of guys and a not near as many girls there, with at least two guys to every female if not more! As I walked to the bar to get a drink, I felt my jacket already beginning to gap open in the front. When I got to the bar the guy standing there asked, "what are you drinking?"
I said, "tequila and a beer", he quickly filled my order, handing it to me and said it was paid for, amazing what a little skin will get a girl.
I shot down my tequila and was chasing it with my beer, shortly after that while sipping my beer, my too friends came up to me. Donna put my outfit to shame when I saw her getting closer to me, she was wearing a black fish net dress over black panties and a half bra that allowed her dark nipples to just peek a little at the top. Poor Jessie was in a little button up the front sundress, with string ties for shoulder straps, her white bra straps showing.
They were such opposites, but they were best friends and that is all you need. We got three more shots of tequila and shot them down, Donna told Jessie you better be careful you know what that stuff does to you, she said she knew but it was a short crawl home.
I grabbed the guy that bought me my drinks and the four of us headed to the dance floor. I was buzzing already, from I guess partial dehydration, nothing to eat all day and the tequila. The music was loud, and we were having a blast dancing with my newfound friends, it was then that I noticed that Donna had on G-string panties, and her butt showed thru the back of her dress.
After a few numbers we headed back to the bar for more drinks, I ordered another shot and a beer, as did Donna and Jessie. Donna told Jessie, "That is you limit,"
She giggled and said she knew that. Donna told me she will be about ripped once that second shot kicks in. We drank them down and headed back to the dance floor, sure enough a few minutes later Jessie had that "I'm fucked up" look on her face.
By now, I was feeling no pain either and had started to get hot in the jacket I was wearing, so I slid my jacket off to cool down a bit. I went over to the side of the dance floor and put my Jacket over one of our chairs. I could feel my tits trying to bounce out of my lace top, the bottom like they had been all night but were out of sight, not they anyone who wanted to see my tits could not. The fact that they were not in the least bit obscured by the lace, made it more exciting.
I danced back toward my friends and started dirty dancing with Tom and when I raised my arms above my head, I already knew from past experiences, my tits would partially come out the bottom of my top showing off a lot of under boobs, my husband love it when I wore this top.
I then moved Jessie, so she was dancing up close with Tom, the guy who we had been dancing with. I asked Donna if she was ready to get Jessie to loosen up some, she smiled and said "sure, I can blame whatever happens on you!"
I told her to follow my lead. We danced in close to Jessie, dancing close to her sandwiching her into Tom. I told Jessie we had to get rid of these silly looking bra straps that were hanging down, she just gave me a silly smile like she didn't even understand what I said.
So I pulled one strap down and over her hand and then Donna did the other. We kept dancing close to her, touching her butt, running our hands up and down her body. She was in her own world. I unhooked her bra and as we danced, I slowly pulled it out her dress and she never noticed it, it was one of those super padded models.
I handed it to Donna, and she just tossed it over her shoulder. Donna leaned over and said we got to do better than that, I ask her if Jessie could do another shot, she said yeah but we might have to carry her back to the hotel.
I told her I would be happy to help her. Off we were to the bar again leaving Tom dancing with a few other girls. I asked Jessie how she felt.
"Wonderful" she said, "But I am thirsty." I ordered another round, handed her another shot and a beer, she downed the beer like water, then just stood there watching the dance floor lights, Donna asked her, Are you ok sweetie?"
She said, "Yeah let's dance," and did the shot and headed back to the dance floor. Donna told me to start working on the buttons of her dress. We all three danced close again, me in front of her and Donna behind her, then I noticed Donna reaching around and undoing the top buttons on her dress.
I reached down and undid the bottom one. There weren't but five and she had two undone already while I was doing the one. She was, unknowingly, flashing her small pink nipples, she was really, like I said earlier, flat chested but she had thick hard noticeable nipples, they were quarter size, almost the same color as her skin.
She was clueless as to what we were doing to her. Tom saw us and danced back over to us; he had a surprised look on his face when he noticed Jessie's dress unbuttoned. I started pulling her dress strap down, she would feel it tickling her arm and pull it back up, I did that several times, each time her tiny tit and hard nipple would completely show.
Finally, Donna reached up and untied one of the strings allowing her top to drop away and open exposing her tit, but she just kept on dancing. Donna started to untie the other one and I stopped her, I told her that her dress would fall off if she did, she laughed and said she knew that, I told her to wait a little bit.
Everyone was enjoying Jessie's little show when Donna undid another button. I could not believe her best friend was doing this to her, the front-left side of her dress was hanging to the side, almost like a toga and her white panties were showing from what little bit of dress she still had on. Then she grabbed Donna and hung on her, telling her she had to pee really bad, but she needed help getting there.
So off we went to the lady's room. Everyone was laughing and pointing at Jessie in her state of undress. We made it to the rest room and Donna had to help her lift her dress, pull her panties down then help her sit down.
We talked and waited for Jessie to finish, I giggled, and then I told Donna how mean she was, she laughed too. We open the door and Jessie was sleeping where Donna had left her.
This ain't good, I thought to myself. Donna reached down and started to pull her panties back up, but then said, "You know it would be easier to just take them off of her, wouldn't it?"
And Donna just pulled them off of her limp legs. I asked Donna, "how are you going to get a naked girl out of her, down the street and back to your room?"
She said giggling, "She ain't naked yet!"
Donna then lifted her out of the stall and leaned her against the sink, she had the cutest red bush, which was on display as well as her one little titties. Donna than asked me to help her get her to one of the sofas in the club, so with me on one side and Donna on the other, we kind of carried her to one of the sofas and sat her down.
She was gone, passed out, one little tit and nipple still on display and her bush was for the most part on display as well! We sat there and rested a minute laughing at her, and what we had done.
Donna asked if I wanted another beer, I said yes and off she went. I watched Jessie and walked over to get my jacket, as she ordered our drinks, then she motioned me over to her. She said she needed another dollar and a tip. I gave it to her and we waited for our beers. When we got them, we head back to Jessie, still passed out, but two young guys had taken our places.
The one on the left was shaking her shoulder and trying to get her to talk to him. The other one was just staring at the half naked girl they had found. We just stopped and watched as he tried to get a response from her, then he reached down and undid her last button, very carefully like he didn't want to wake her, and opened her dress up all the way down both sides.
A few more guys were now crowded around watching them. Then he reached up and untied the other tie letting her dress fall off her body completely leaving her total naked and on display. When the guy on the right pulled her legs apart and started to play with her, Donna said, "ok that's enough," and headed toward them to get Jessie.
Donna pushed her way through the wall of guys to get to Jessie and stopped them, asking them, "What the hell do you think you are doing to her?" Donna reached down and started pulling her up to get her out of there, the two guys jumped up and taking her dress and headed across the bar with it.
I told Donna, "Now she is naked!"
I put my jacket back on and we half-carried her toward the door across the dance floor, when Tom saw us and asked if we needed any help, Donna said sure can you carry her to the hotel for us. He easily scooped her up and said, "Lead the way."
When we go to the door the guy said you can't go out there with her like that the cops are hanging around tonight, so I took off my jacket and sorta covered her chest up. Out the door we went, and after about a block the jacket fell off of Jessie, Tom said not to cover her back up, it was his payment for carrying her home. When we got back to the hotel, I left them to get poor Jessie to her bed.