PDA with Daddy while Mom Waits in the Car
"If I was a hooker, how much would you pay?" she asked her stepdad.
Heather sat on the chair next to him taking a selfie with her phone. She knew she looked cute. The black leggings naturally brought out the beauty of her female form, but it was her top she was impressed with. It was a ruffled beige top with a floral design. She had tied the bottom into a huge bow to show off her navel. She smiled as she recorded herself from various angles.
Sitting next to her was her stepdad, Caledon, "wearing whatever" as she called it, unimpressive in his dirty denim. He was holding a clipboard filling out as much information as he could.
"Baby, stop," he answered her. "Hey, you want to help me out here? This isyourapplication."
She took one look at the extensive college application and made a face. She looked back at her phone and grinned.
"No, thank you," she said to him.
She leaned back into him, draping her arm over his thigh. She crossed her legs to show them off along with her ballerina flats in the next selfie.
"Some of this stuff I don't know," he whined.
She reached up to touch his face and kiss his cheek but lingered there trying to get them both into the frame.
"At the university with my daddy," she sang to herself while typing it into her phone.
Caledon sighed heavily. "Major. What's your major?"
"Lovemaking," she whispered sexily, but a woman two seats away heard it.
"Seriously, baby," her stepdad said.
"Cock-sucking," she said quieter into his ear.
He looked at her. She laughed. He handed the clipboard to her. "You do this."
She clicked her tongue and sat up straight. She took the clipboard from him.
"Thank you, jeez," he said, leaning back. He went back to staring at people. He ogled two cute college girls in denim shorts. He stole a glance at the busty receptionist with the cleavage. The receptionist smiled at him. He began smiling back, when he noticed Heather's hand rubbing on his thigh while she read the documents.
"I'm almost done," she said to him, looking up from the documents to give him another kiss.
It was a loud "Muah!" smack of her lips. The receptionist looked up. The guy in front of them turned to see. He didn't see the kiss, but he noticed the girl's hand on the man's thigh.
Heather noticed people looking. She added loudly, "One more page, daddy."
Caledon sighed and tapped his heels nervously. "Great." He readjusted himself on his seat to accommodate the hard-on that was coming.
She signed the last few papers. "Done!"
She sprang to her feet and pulled him with her.
People watched them as they headed back to the line. She was holding hands with him and swinging them while she loudly chewed her gum.
"Next," the receptionist said.
They went to the counter. Caledon turned to leave to let her finish her business, but Heather pulled him back.
"Wait for me," she whined.
"Sure, sure," he said.
She leaned on the counter and pulled him closer to her. She handed the clipboard to the receptionist, and then took her stepdad's arm and wrapped it around her.
The receptionist looked at them with a smile.
"All done, Ms.," she looked at the applications, "Heather Lynn Reeds?"
"Yup," Heather answered. "Daddy helped me."
"Nice of him."
Heather turned to him and kissed his cheek. "Kiss me back," she whispered to him. He shook his head. She made a stern face. He bent down and kissed her cheek. The receptionist chuckled.
Heather moved her body, softly grinding her backside into Caledon. He put a hand on her hip to stop her from grinding too much. He looked back at the waiting area. That other man was still staring at them. Caledon gave him a sheepish grin.
"Okay, you're all done here, Heather Lynn," the receptionist said. "Cashier's office downstairs and you're done."
"Yay."
She put her arm around her stepdad's arm as they headed to the elevators.
Caledon looked up from his phone. "Your mom's wondering how much longer."
Heather shrugged.
"I'll tell her we'll be out in, what, a half hour?"
She shrugged again and slid up to him, putting her hands on his chest. "Whatever," she said. She liked feeling his chest muscles and his abs. Construction workers come in all shapes and sizes, but her stepdad was nice and fit. She continued feeling him up until she felt his erection.
"Hey!" he said.
She giggled at him. "Baby's awake," she said.
He looked around the hallway and shook his head at her. "No, no, let him sleep."
She grabbed at his erection again. "Wakey, wakey," she teased.
She pulled away when a prim college administrator stood next to them waiting for the elevator. When the doors dinged and opened, the two of them situated themselves in the back of the elevator car, his arm around her shoulders, her arm around his back, her other hand still on his chest. He was touching her hair now.
The administrator looked back at them, nodded and smiled. "New student?"
"Yup," Heather said cheerfully.
"Welcome," the woman said.
When the woman faced forward, Heather gave his cock another squeeze. He grunted. When the woman looked back, Heather had her naughty finger in her mouth, looking up at the floor numbers. Caledon was clearing his throat.
They arrived at the woman's floor and she exited. The minute the doors closed, they turned to each other.
"Oh, fuck," Caledon groaned as he began to wrap his arms around her bare waist.
She yelped and jumped up, knowing he'd have a hold of her. He held her up while her face descended onto his. She kissed him three times in a row on the lips. One arm was holding her. The other hand felt up those ass cheeks so snug in her black leggings he had been staring at during their tour of the school and their waits in the long lines.
"Oh, bumpkin," he said.
He opened his mouth to let her tongue inside.
He landed her back on her feet. She staggered back to the wall. She put a hand on his shoulder and pushed him down. He squatted down dutifully and put his face between her legs. He could see and feel every bump of her pussy lips behind the tight leggings. He nibbled on them, stuck his tongue in between them, kissed them, rubbed his cheek and nuzzled his face against them, and groaned.
She had a hold of his hair that she liked to stroke, pulling his face into her.
His hands were starting to grab at the elastic waist band of the leggings and tug on them when the door dinged and began to open.
By the time the door slid open, the people waiting for the elevator saw the two of them standing up straight, away from each other, waiting to get off.
"Last stop, right, bumpkin?" Caledon said as she led the way to the cashier's office.
"Last one," she said, throwing her hands up in the air, exposing more of her midriff. "And freedom."
"And you're going to take these classes seriously."
She spun around and danced a little. "Sure."
"That wasn't convincing, baby."
At the office, he put her registration fees on his credit card. She stood in front of him, facing him, her back to the cashier, holding his face.
"Can you sign here, miss?" the cashier was trying to say.
"Thanks, daddy," Heather whispered to her stepdad.
"You're welcome, baby."
"And since you're paying for it, I'll take it seriously," she said, kissing his lips.
He kissed back. "You better."
"If I don't..."
"Yeah?"
She moved closer as if to tell him a secret. Instead, she cried out, "You can spank me!"
The cashier was about to repeat himself when he heard the last exchange. Heather turned to look at him.
"Sign where?" she asked.
The cashier stammered and couldn't find his words.
Heather signed the forms. Caledon signed the receipt. Heather wiggled her fingers goodbye to the cashier.
They were headed out the door when she spotted a unisex handicap washroom.
"Here," she said, grabbing his hand.
"Cool," he said. "I'll wait for you right hey!—"
She was pulling him with her inside the spacious bathroom.
"Quickieee!" she said.
Within seconds his pants were around his ankles. Her leggings were rolled down to her knees. She was grabbing the handicap bar on the wall. He was grabbing her hips.
And he was rubbing his cock between her butt cheeks getting harder.
"Ooh, hurry, daddy," she said to him.
"Getting there, baby."
She kicked her leggings further down her legs.
He bent her over a little more and drove his cock into her.
"Daddy!" she cried out.
"Oh, God, I'm going to hell," he said, throwing his head back, pumping his cock into her. "Mother Mary!"
She was also pumping her body back into him, looking at herself in the mirror as she did so.
They stopped when they heard someone jiggle the door handle. It was locked. The person stopped.
Caledon bit his lip.
Heather slowly resumed pushing her body onto his cock. It only took a few seconds for them to get loud again, banging into each other, Caledon holding on to her hips, Heather holding on to the sink, groaning as they fucked.
He jerked out of her and his cum squirted onto the floor as he groaned. He waddled to the sink to wash off his dick. She wiggled back into her leggings and rearranged her top and her hair.
When they were ready, he peeked outside the door, looking up and down the hallway. He nodded to her and stepped out. She stepped out as well.
The college administrator they saw before was walking down the hallway. She spotted them leaving the washroom together. She stopped and gave them a disapproving look. She was about to say something.
Heather bit her lip as Caledon grabbed her hand and walked her quickly out the front door. They ran down the walkway outside giggling. They snaked through the parking lot to find the car.
Heather's mother was waiting in the driver's seat talking on her phone as they hurried into the car.
"Go, mom," Heather yelled.
"Hold on, they're back," she said into the phone, sitting up. "I'll text you later, ok?" She ended the call as Heather and Caledon closed the doors quickly. "How'd it go, you two?"
"She's registered for spring semester," Caledon announced.
"Finally," his wife said as she pulled the car out the parking lot. "Thanks, Cal. She doesn't listen to me. And she'll sign up for dormitory as well if the financial aid comes through, cross your fingers." Mary lowered her voice and took Caledon's hand while she drove. She added quietly, "And we'll have the house to ourselves." She gave Caledon a sideways look and sneaky grin.
Caledon nodded respectfully.
Then he looked back at Heather in the backseat.
Heather grinned back at him and winked and then looked out the window.
But Mary caught the wink in the rearview mirror. She let go of his hand.
Caledon stared straight forward holding his breath.
They drove home quietly.