For the next week, I was watching Carla and Dora cavort daily, and doing increasingly nasty things to each other, in both the bedroom and to my increasing dismay, the bathroom. Friday's 'We're not in Kansas anymore!' moment was when Dora adjusted the bathroom camera for a closer view down into the bathtub, as she and my wife took turns pissing all over each other. Sure they took a long playful bath together afterwards, but this was a serious shocker for me that showed that Carla was very willing to take her new sexual relationship with Dora to far-off distant places that I'd never even caught sight of before! Sure I knew that she wanted a more exotic sex life -- and now I was sure she'd found the fulfillment of every single sordid fantasy that she'd ever even dreamed about... and now all coming true -- and in front of a living audience!
And she was loving every single minute of it.
Even in 'open marriages', the couple usually establish some sort of ground rules and they try respecting the wishes of their spouses. By this point Carla could tell that I 'knew', as she was now almost flaunting the affair in my face, but she was in no mood to patch up our own relationship. The silent treatment mostly now perpetually persisted and often now she stayed late in the evening with Dora, long after I'd return home from work. From my side of the bedroom, I could easily hear my wife's loud 'I'm cumming' scream from the other side of the brick wall, and I eventually decided that she was making as much noise during sex as possible... both for the camera and to deliberately annoy me!
She was sure that she had won the war, and was having the last say in the matter -- and driving the knife home, over and over again just out of spite to win meaningless points. She didn't want a divorce... but she didn't want any changes to her new relationship either. In fact, she had already pretty much voted with her feet, spending the vast majority of the next two weekends as well with Dora.
Increasingly, Carla and I had been avoiding each other and not talking. She was giving me the permanent silent treatment until I agreed to surrender... something I had now decided I would never do, even if it did mean divorce. A word that was now increasingly entering my daily thoughts.
Paula, now discovering that someone else had been keeping her side of the bed warm all day, every day, was considerably less amused and much more willing to take some direct action.
***********
While Paula might have had some suspicions of her own (she's a very bright girl) it wasn't until the third Friday of this circus that she became aware of Carla's growing sexual relationship with Dora. She found out the hard way, coming home in the evening to find the lovers still entwined in a deep sixty-nine in their bedroom. She was not amused, and I had a semi-ringside seat to the argument watching it on the cam. Unfortunately, Dora quickly turned off the sound and they also moved the fight just off-camera.
I can't say for certain, being limited to what I could overhear through the brick, but at a wild guess I'd Dora shared Carla's talent for blaming others for her own mistakes. The best defense being a good offense, Dora apparently was blaming Paula's long work hours as the reason (and entitlement) for her own affairs... plus her slut roommate was undoubtedly doing it with a dozen men behind her back, or so she claimed loudly with mock righteousness with absolutely no proof!
I've never understood why cheaters always blame their cheating to be the fault of their innocent companion! It's like they feel that since they have the urge to cheat, that their partner does as well. Thus, out of guilt, they always want to be the first to put the blame (wrongly) on someone else, so that they can cover-up or excuse their own sins. In any case, Paula wasn't falling for it and put the blame right square where it belonged and she left the house immediately in a snit.
Nonchalantly, the girls put the cameras back on and right back to having sex again, right where they'd left off. Coolly indifferent, the women stayed at it again for hours and Carla never even bothered to return home that night. That spoke volumes about their relationship... and ours -- they were determined to have their fun and anyone who didn't like it could just piss off!
*********
I decided to go into work on Saturday, while no one was there to watch me watch the cam and where I could mope about in someplace quiet, where I felt comfortable. Just for fun, I left some blank divorce paperwork on our coffee/dining table where she'd be certain to see it, assuming that she ever returned home this weekend.
It was a long day and frankly a bit boring until Paula returned home about noon, catching the lovers playing in the shower. After a long fight, copious tears from Paula and a great deal of coaxing, Dora and Carla got Paula to join them and soon one thing lead to another and the three girls ended up together on the big king sized bed playing, and they stayed intertwined in lovemaking for the rest of the day.
Actually, it was fairly obvious even to the casual viewer that Paula wasn't really too into this threesome scene and was probably just going along to avoid another big fight. Increasingly it became obvious to me and even to some of the more astute veteran cam watchers online, that Dora and Carla would actually have preferred to just fuck together, and poor cuckold Paula was now little more than a pleasant distraction.
Late afternoon, when Paula got out the bed and got dressed, her other two lovers were much too busy with each other to notice or even much care. That moment spoke volumes for me too. At this point I knew just where my marriage was at the moment, and like Paula, I knew that I didn't feel like playing second fiddle anymore! No goodbyes were said, but the long sad look that Paula gave them before she left spoke volumes.
*********
About an hour later, the girls took a break and got dressed, turned off the computer with a message that they were going out for dinner and dancing and they could expect a really hot show later on tonight! Since the dinner and dancing didn't seem to involve me, I decided that I ought to get home myself and make my own alternative plans.
Leaving work to return home, I wasn't the slightest bit surprised to find that Carla had made a brief trip into the house to change into one of her slinkier dancewear outfits. She had looked at my divorce paperwork and scrawled a brief note.
"Do whatever you want, you will anyway!"
I don't think she understood that by now she had gone too far and that our marriage was now probably beyond all hope of saving. She was lost in her pleasure to her new world of sex without limits, while being watched by thousands.
Carla had always loved sex, needing it almost daily with me, but now I could tell that her new lesbian experiences seemed to be even more fulfilling for her, as if she had found a piece of herself that had always been missing as she made love with another woman. I could tell that this was a Pandora's box that could never again be closed, even if she chose to return and rebuild our relationship sometime in the future.
There is no easy way for a man's ego to admit that his lover had left him, probably forever, for another woman. On the other hand, I sort of understood how and why this had happened and that there was enough blame to go around. I knew that forcing a confrontation wouldn't accomplish anything at this stage and that only the shock of a separation would even have a chance of bringing Carla back to her senses... assuming she even wanted a reconciliation at this point.
For better or worse, I had already decided that I was not going to unilaterally share my wife, on Carla's terms alone. If I surrendered that point, then the door was open for anything and everything. Someday I'd just come home to then find another man in my bed, or perhaps a dozen of them. If Carla could no longer live in a marriage with any sort of meaningful rules or boundaries then I would be a damned fool if I meekly acquiesced to it!
I didn't really want a divorce yet -- but I wasn't going to slowly enable her to chip away the last bits of the love that I had had for her. It was time for me to put my foot down, and leave. The next step was entirely up to her.
***********
I had started to pack up a bag with my clothes but I soon got distracted as I saw the last light of day shine in through the bedroom window and I realized that I had not fed the fish today. Going out back to the fish pond I saw Paula was there, just sitting next to it, waiting... I suppose for me. She had been there awhile, crying, but now she was very much in control of her emotions... probably more so than I was!
"Is now a good time to talk?" She asked.
"The best. Carla and Dora have gone out for awhile, but they'll be back later... and we don't have to be here then. At leastIdon't plan to be still here. Do you have a friend you can stay with?"
"Not really. Maybe I could call a friend from the cooking school, crash on her couch until graduation in a few months, but it would really be an imposition, I really don't know her that well... and she'snota lover. When did you learn that your wife was shacking up with Dora?"
"Just about right from the start. She wanted to rub my nose in it and make a really big production out of the fact that she felt she had therightto have an affair with or without my permission. I've been watching her, them... and even you with them, last night... I think they've attached themselves firm to each other, like they're now the actual married couple and we're both just outside troublemakers. I can see the writing on the wall bright and clear - I'm leaving... what are you going to do?"
"The same, I think. Let them have their fun and get out of their way... I think to fight this any more is just going to cause more pain and trouble, and neither of them are worth it. I don't think I can ever trust her again."
"That's really the issue for me as well, trust." I agreed. "Can I help you get your things? Dora doesn't leave the house much apparently, so this would be the best time to pack up, assuming you do want to make that clean break with a minimum of drama."
She did. I helped her up from the ground and she gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek before we went inside. A rather nice affectionate and feminine hug.
"I thought you didn't like men very much?" I asked her as we went inside her flat.
"Wherever did you hear that from? I like guys very much -- my last lover before Dora was male. That's probably why she was always afraid that I'd leave her someday for cock again, and she's probably right. I wasn't ever completely dyke enough to suit her. She had some rather extreme tastes and I wasn't comfortable enough to do absolutely everything that she wanted me to do... or at least with her!" She winked and fortunately the topic changed as she found her three suitcases and showed me which drawers held her clothes to be packed.
Within twenty minutes, Paula had everything packed up that she cared about, including most of the kitchen stuff, which was all hers and her three suitcases of clothes and two boxes of kitchenware were now all sitting in my living room. I was next going to finish my own packing but Paula distracted me by offered to take me out to dinner. She could probably get us a kitchen table at the restaurant she was interning at, and probably for free as well. As we were both now quite hungry, and still rather poor, this sounded like a pretty good plan.
Over dinner, and it was a fantastic one, she introduced me to some of her co-workers, as well as the executive chef and even the owner. They hadn't known anything about Paula's personal life and they all assumed I was her boyfriend and I didn't bother to correct them. If she hadn't told them she had been living with a lesbian girlfriend then it certainly wasn't my place to tell them otherwise. Dressed up halfway decently, we did quite look the part of a dating couple. The age difference was just about right as well, with me being only about three years older than she was.
"Carla was a damn fool!" Paula muttered, mostly to herself but quite within my hearing.
"Undoubtedly, but why would you say so?" I asked her with a laugh. She smiled and took a gulp rather than sip of her glass of wine and then took and gently held my right hand.
"I was never home much, when Carla was over just visiting, but she did talk about you a lot. She did love you once, you know... and I got the impression you were a very kind man, but you just didn't challenge her, or give her everything she needed. Like Dora, she seems to thrive on drama and making scenes, while like me, you prefer your life to be quiet and peaceful. She's going to miss you some day, but by then I hope some other more appreciative woman is going to realize what a treasure you are and have you long stolen away for herself!"
I think she realized then that she had overplayed her hand a little bit and she went right back to being pretty, quiet and mysterious. The clinch on my hand didn't lessen however. Her kitchen friends came by offering us more wine and she accepted with alacrity.
************
When we returned back to the duplex after dinner, we discovered that Dora and Carla had returned just before us, as the hood of Dora's car was still warm to the touch. We went inside my house and found that as expected we were quite alone... and undoubtedly would be for most, if not all of the night.
I asked Paula if she had decided where she could go for the night, so that I could load up her car with her stuff, but she said she still hadn't thought of a decent option. She had no family in town and her friends were just casual ones or barely acquaintances. To be a gentleman, I offered her the sofa and she nodded her acceptance. She did ask if I could turn on the computer to see what our ex-lovers were up to at the moment, and I did. I was actually quite curious too myself!
Back from their dinner, they had apparently cut short the dancing when they got too hot for each other to wait any longer. Currently they were in the bathtub head to cunt in a sixty-nine when Dora, who was on top, suddenly began to piss right into Carla's mouth.
"Did I just see what I think I saw?" I asked Paula in amazement.
"Yeah, she really loves stuff like that! She goes on wet and wild power trips sometimes. I didn't like to do that for her, but she'd have 'accidents' sometimes. Itwassort of fun... sometimes, but if I'm going to have someone piss on me, or want to see it go into my mouth or face, then I need to feel happy and comfortable with that lover andknowthat they love and respect me... and maybe even enjoy it when I return the favor."
"Sounds quite fair to me!" I admitted. "I think Carla has that same opinion too, as she's definitely returning the favor now!"
The girls needed a good hot shower now and we needed to move my computer monitor closer to us over on the coffee table so that we could watch from the sofa. As all of her stuff was packed away, Paula asked me for an old shirt that she could use as a sleepshirt and due to her slightly petite size one of my old comfortable workshirts did in fact nearly come down to her knees. I don't think she was wearing anything underneath it, but I was too polite to mention it.
I told her I'd leave her in peace, alone to sleep on the sofa, already complete with a blanket and a pillow from my regular nights spent there, but she just snuggled up close to me and we watched our former lovers have their fun. They were putting on a very hot cam show tonight, still warming up their audience which was already at over two thousand watchers, as they kissed and fondled each other naked, slowly in front of the cameras teasing their viewers, and each other.
Watching her ex-lover kiss my wife, with affection, love and need, soon brought Paula once again to tears. It was apparently a depth of love and warmth that had never quite been shown to her. It was a harsh way of showing her that now Carla and Dora felt an affection for each other that already far surpassed what they had shown to their previous committed lovers. I had seen this look earlier; it had helped me make my decision to make a clean break with Carla. Now Paula was having the same understanding about Dora.
As Paula cried, she fell into my arms for comfort, needing my arms to hold her close. She cried for a long time, with her petite nose flat against my chest and neck as she whimpered and nuzzled close against me as I cradled her. While I caressed her hair and back to comfort her, her tear-filled eyes lifted up for a moment after she gently kissed my neck and somehow our lips met and we kissed.
It wasn't a long kiss, but it wasn't quite an accidental or brotherly kiss either. She took another look at the lovers kissing and fingering each other, and with a slight cry she flung her head right back into my chest, hard. When I noticed her gently kissing my bare chest, I realized that she had undone a few of my shirt button in order to feel, and kiss, my bare chest. I caressed again the top of her head and she began to slowly rest herself more into my lap, enjoying the warmth of my hand and the comfort it brought her.
The action on the webcam continued to heat up, and when Dora produced a pair of large vibrators and some baby oil and proceeded to lube up Carla's cunt and ass, my cock started to serious strain my pants. The fact that Paula was now resting with her head right in my lap with her nose right against my throbbing cock complicated things. Without a word said she slowly unzipped my cock and freed it so that it pressed against her face. A casual caress of her increasingly bare shoulder indicated that she'd also already unbuttoned most of her shirt. As she began to nuzzle and caress my cock with just her chin and cheeks, my fingers caressed her shoulders and down to her right breast, virtually already uncovered and I first ran my fingertips over her large nipples. As I caressed them they became even larger and more erect, like my own cock, and as I squeezed her breast I heard her sigh out, just as her lips now made contact with my cockhead.
"Paula," I whispered. "You don't have to do this. You're angry, heartbroken at your lover rejecting you, and for my wife. You don't need to do this out of revenge!"
"No." She said, briefly taking my cock out of her mouth as she smiled at me. "I'm not doing this for revenge, but just for me. I've been wanting to do this all evening since we were at the restaurant. Carla doesn't deserve you... and now I'm going to see what she has thrown away, because I already think it is much, much better than what I also previously had. Very soon, I think I won't miss Dora at all!"
Soon Paula began to suck my cock in earnest, and she gently adjusted the rest of her body so that I could caress her tits with one hand and finger her ass and cunt with my other hand. It was a bit complicated, but we soon got into a rhythm. When I warned her I was about to cum, she slowed down the action and even briefly stood up from the couch long enough so that she could remove her completely unbuttoned shirt, revealing herself nude to me.
Kneeling on the carpet, she kissed her way back up my thighs and began to give my balls and even my ass a good licking before she returned her attentions to my cock in earnest. Soon she began to really suck my cock hard forcing her head down deeply upon it even without the help of my hands upon her head. When I began to cum, she swallowed the first couple of blasts but then held just my cockhead inside her mouth tightly so that the last spasms of cum stayed on her tongue and mouth.
Still rock hard, she then quickly climbed up in my lap to face me and sat herself down upon my cock. Riding my cock in my lap, she then pressed herself hard against me, mashing her breasts tightly against my chest, she then opened her mouth to kiss me, so I could then taste the cum still on her tongue. Carla had liked doing this to me in the past and I didn't find my own taste to be offensive, so we swapped tongues while she madly rode me. She hadn't enjoyed a cock in nearly two years and mine was apparently a very nice fit for her.
At some point in the evening we decided that screwing on a sofa was uncomfortable, especially when there was a nice bed available, so we moved there for a little more play and then some sleep. I think both of us wanted to get 'caught', to reinforce the message that if they could cheat, then so could we! Sort of a moral victory perhaps, but it didn't happen. Sunday morning arrived nice and bright and the webcam showed that Carla had once again spent the night with Dora. That was fine, I guess -- Paula and I decided we could both live just fine without the drama, and while our old lovers still slept, we engaged in a little bit more deliberate love-making.
Ok, our fucking last night did bear a little resemblance to a grudge-fuck, of two jilted lovers getting some pleasant revenge, but in the cool light of dawn things started to get a bit more serious.
"It's a shame that it wouldn't out." I muttered while Paula was laying with her head against my chest. Her right arm was casually playing with my cock and balls, with a long middle finger slowly working its way inside of my ass cheeks.
"Why wouldn't it?" She enquired, right as her finger finally reached my asshole and gently caressed it.
"I admit that we seem to be very good together in bed and that our personalities are a quite good fit, but we're both angry and taking out sexual frustrations right now."
"And we're relieving those frustrations rather effectively too at the moment! It all comes down to honesty and trust... our old lovers didn't value those traits, but we do. If we're honest with each other, really honest... it actually could work out."
"Until you decide that I'm too much of a slacker, or decide someday that you really miss the taste of cunt again."
"First of all, I know you're a slacker... so am I. I work hard at work and like nothing more than peaceful bliss when I'm at home, to read a book or just play about in the kitchen... but with my lover close at hand. You'll do, and more so! As for the taste of cunt, that's where the honesty part comes in. Admit it, it Carla had brought Dora into your bed, with you there... and allowed to play to, would you have complained?"
"Not in the slightest. I'd already told her, under certain conditions, that a threesome would be acceptable."
"See? Honesty in a relationship sometimes does work... if both parties try together. And it does work both ways... ifyouwant to bring someone home, the same rules apply -- we talk and agree, first."
"Stop that! You're trying to be reasonable! That never makes for a good start in a relationship!" I laughed.
"No, but that does sometimes make for a great start in a stronger relationship that might accidenatly last!" She did have a point, and her middle finger was now nearly fully inside my ass as she began to lick and stroke my cock once again upright.
"Truth time!" She giggled. "Yes or no, do you like a finger playing with your ass while you're sucked?"
"Damn this honesty thing! If I admit that yes it's sort of stimulating, you'll next put a dildo, buttplug or huge vibrator up it."
"Turn about is fair play, if you want to play with or fuckmyass, I don't see why I shouldn't get to do the same with yours, unless that's a deal-breaker?"
"Now that's a pleasant thought... I rather would like to fuck your ass. I think I can be fairly open, assuming you don't get too weird on me without warning."
"Good, because sometimes, if I'm in the mood, I've enjoyed having my ass fucked in the past...and in the interest of fully honest disclosure, I've once enjoyed fucking an old boyfriend's ass with a strap-on. Be fair with me and I'll be fair with you! Whatever two loving consenting adults want to do for fun!"
I did have to admit that I was enjoyed the sensation of her finger inside of me and I didn't quite say no when Paula found, and started to use one of Carla's vibrators upon and inside of me. I soon blew a huge load inside her mouth and didn't object when her tongue swirled all of it upon my own tongue as we kissed.
In revenge, I gave her asshole a really good licking, which she loved, and she just cooed when my still rock hard cock easily slipped through her wet ass and deeply inside. Having just cum a geyser-load, I stayed hard nearly forever and she was a whimpering sweaty puddle by the time I could bring myself to cum again inside of her ass. It was what she did next that really surprised me.
"As I said, if you're willing to occasionally taste your own cum without getting a manly indignant, than I can do the same." With that, she took my cock back into her mouth and began licking and cleaning it, despite the fact that it was straight from her ass. When she was done, she came back towards me to see if I would kiss her. I did, and we twirled tongues for quite awhile. Frankly, I really couldn't taste much of anything.
Just to be slightly cruel and gain perv points, I upped the ante by licked her ass again, quite clean, inside and out. She got up onto her feet and squatted, so that my tongue could go deeper, and like me, when I was done, she didn't shy off in the slightest from sharing the ass-flavored cum I'd retrieved.
"You are really nasty!" She giggled as we trotted off into the shower. "We're going to provoke each other until we find a boundary somewhere where the other one won't go! You're going to have me doing nasty things in the bathroom next, just like Dora!"
"You started this whole 'honesty-fair play-evenness' game! Now get your ass into the shower, and preferably on your knees! I've got to take a wicked piss... and I bet your itching to get revenge for my eating out your cum filled ass!"
"I don't drink piss on a first date, but as long as you're willing to reciprocate afterwards, I've got a full bladder myself that needs some relief."
Like Dora and Carla, we ended up in a very wet and long sixty-nine. As we kissed and shared two last wet mouthfuls we declared a truce, and a willingness to turn an odd relationship of revenge into something stronger, like love and mutual respect. It was just weird enough that our relationship might actually work!
****************
We made a last minute check for forgotten items over here and finished loading up my car to bursting with the last minute addition of my computer. After a lengthy breakfast at Denny's where we perused the apartments for lease section of the Sunday newspaper, and found a couple that would fit our extremely limited budget in a neighborhood that weren't utterly a crime war-zone. We came to sort of roommates with benefits agreement, at least for the short term, where I could handle the rent if she could cover the other miscellaneous expenses on her limited salary. We smiled and held each other's hands all during breakfast and promised that we'd communicate and be honest with other.
The second place we looked at would do, we decided and we signed the lease right on the spot. Just like that, we had both left our current relationships... and for good! Monday, I'd take half of the day off to take my name off of our joint checking account, and transfer half of our savings into my own personal account. Then I'd go to the lawyer's office to sign the divorce paperwork so he could file it that afternoon, easy-squeezy. We didn't have any joint credit cards, so I had nothing to cancel there. The utilities were in her name, so she could keep her side of the duplex or not... probably not. From the looks of things, Carla had already pretty well moved in with Dora to stay, and neither of them seemed to be too broken up over their lost relationships.
The relationship drama looked to be completely over.
That was fine -- each day Paula and I were discovering and confirming that we shared an awful lot in common and that each of us made for pleasant companions and roommates, albeit we were just sharing one single bed and very happily so.
************
That August was a very good month for us. First my divorce became final without dispute or any roadblocks from Carla. She just signed the paperwork that was sent to her without comment and never called or even wrote me to discuss the situation any further. She was happy and utterly in-love with Dora and already I was ancient history. Nor did Dora ever contact Paula either. It was a very clean almost surgical break, without any drama or apparent regrets. We couldn't have asked for anything more!
Next, Paula graduated with honors from the culinary academy and completed her internship with distinction. They offered her a permanent position at her old restaurant, but after a lengthy process of interviews she selected a top gourmet restaurant that had an experienced sou-chef that was nearly ready to leave and become an executive chef on his own to open his own restaurant. This gave her a clear promotion path that she could easily reach for, and with her skills in a few years she'll claim that #2 top job easily. The money wasn't as good as some other offers, but it was enough. It'll be hard on us knowing that she'll be working 12-18 hour days at least six days a week, but that's a career commitment that's necessary and we're both willing to accept it without complaint or regret. It will severely cut down on our sex life, but that's understood.
Also the more tired and cranky she is from work, the nastier she usually is in the bedroom... or bathroom!
Lastly, I did make Paula the offer of becoming my wife, to formalize our arrangement, but she gently declined. She wants to be sure that we can hold ourselves to our pledge to remain faithful and monogamous with each other. Alcoholism, drug abuse and divorce are epidemic in the world of career high pressure chefs and she wants me to be her anchor against those temptations, and remain faithful to a woman who will hardly ever be home.
Weknowwe love each other and I'm more than willing to wait.
***********
We don't watch Dora and Carla's webcam much any more. They fight constantly, but they seem to like the drama in their relationship. Carla has left her two or three times during the last year, but she always returns in a few days and they have a lot of fun making up. Paula and I think that they're two sides to a very strange coin and eventually they'll settle in permanently with each other, once they both learn that you don't need to fight to have a passionate relationship.
Paula and I spend our limited hours together usually quietly, lovingly appreciating each other, holding hands, hugging, screwing or just lying on the sofa together, snuggling reading books. We make sure to say "I love you' often, but we don't need to fill the air with empty chatter. It is more than enough that we are happy and together.
Carla did show up here at our apartment with a suitcase late one night a few weeks ago and we let her crash here for a couple of days until she returned 'home' to Dora. Oddly it was Paula who casually asked if we should invite her into our bed for some stress relief and a little old-time rememberance. The key word was 'our bed', not some solo external relationship fun. Together, the three of us was actually a lot of fun... and in every room of the house, but when she returned home to Dora we were glad for the rest, and the time once again alone together. It was averyinteresting visit, and we wouldn't say no to a repeat... but I'll save those nasty details for another story.
**********
Paula joking suggested once that we set up our own webcam so that we could watch and be watched at the same time. I didn't say no! It was a very definite maybe. In a secure and trusting relationship where we both loved and respected each other, I'd have no problems letting strangers watch my loving wife skillfully suck my cock or watch me eat out her cunt or ass after I've well-fucked them. They can look, but the touching is just for me!
I even bought a new top of the line webcam and left it in its box unopened, and placed her engagement ring openly right on top of it. She smiles at it when she thinks that I'm not looking and even fondles it with increasing regularity. She smiled at me the other night and hinted that the current sou-chef is about ready to leave and management is strongly considering giving her the kitchen promotion, but of course then she'd want to become a respectable married woman... hint, hint.
Yesterday, Paula told me with a laugh and a smile that an old carnival gypsy had once told her that she would marry the boy next door and remain content and happy for the rest of her life... and sometime very soon, indeed she would... just as soon as I can get that webcam hooked up in our bedroom and connected up to the internet! And maybe also a second webcam hooked up into the bathroom!