I sat at the bar, my dark auburn hair brushing my back as I drank the Buttery Nipple shot down. As soon as he walked into the bar, I felt his presence. He was darker than everyone in the room; more powerful and complex than the crowd around me. My lips curled slightly as I felt him draw closer.
"Hello, lover," I said softly as he closed the last few feet between us.
"Hello, pet," he answered. He stroked my spine with the back of his fingers and I shuddered. "I have a present for you."
I slid off the bar stool and into his arms. He pulled me tight against him and I smiled. He brushed his lips against mine and heat blossomed between my thighs. The power he had over me was palpable. Everyone in the bar turned to look at us. I could feel them staring as his tongue breached my lips. I surrendered myself to him.
My fingers curled against his chest and I sighed against his lips. Gods, his tongue could make me weep with need. As he pulled away, he smiled down at me. "How is my precious girl?"
"In desperate need of another kiss," I answered. "Will we be leaving together tonight?"
"Yes, we will. In a couple of hours, we'll leave here and I'll take you home for your present." His eyes lit up as he spoke. I knew he had something special planned for me. He loved surprising me. He enjoyed giving me the things no one else could or would.
"And what, praytell, may I do to please you this evening?" I purred in his ear. My tongue grazed his ear lobe.
"Go dance while I catch up on drinks. Have some fun. Relax."
I kissed him slowly before I departed for the dance floor. His tongue entered my mouth and immediately my panties were moist. He cupped my right breast and dragged his thumb against my already taut nipple. I wanted him inside me, pulsing and pushing me to the brink of orgasmic insanity. Instead, I whimpered and pushed myself away from his body and walked to the dance floor.
A guy followed me to the dance floor and watched me as I started dancing. A few minutes into my dancing, he came up behind me and wrapped his arm around my waist and started grinding himself against my ass. I could tell that he was excited. He put his mouth by my ear and asked, "who is the guy at the bar that was kissing you?"
I thought of how to explain it to this random stranger. Ours was a complicated relationship. I called him lover, but he was much more than a sex partner. He was my trusted friend, companion, mentor, and defender. On more than one occasion he'd pulled men off me that were getting a little too rowdy with his pet. And while we were not exactly committed to one another, we had a deep appreciation and respect for each other. "He's important to me," I finally said.
"Boyfriend? Husband?" Random Guy asked.
"More important than that," I yelled over the music.
"Master?"
"Something like that," I said. It wasn't quite true, but I wasn't about to explain the complexities of my relationship to a complete stranger. He hadn't earned it. Besides, he was dry humping my ass like a sailor on a day pass.
"I wanna put my cock in that sweet pussy of yours," he said, reaching for the hem of my dress.
"I don't belong to you," I shot back.
"C'mon, ditch your daddy and come home with me."
I spun in his arms and grabbed his cock through his pants. He throbbed against my palm. "Honey, you wouldn't last five minutes in my pussy. I'd break your heart and leave you in less than an hour."
"I can go all night."
"Come find me when you can get it up after three days of hard core cock stuffing." I pushed him away and strode right back to the bar.
I got a hearty laugh when I stood next to Drew. "I take it he's not worthy of knocking me out of your bed?"
"Dance with me?" I asked, flashing him my bright green eyes.
"Oh, if I must." He rolled his gorgeous eyes and took my hand. He set his drink down on the bar and handed me another Buttery Nipple. I tipped my head back and swallowed the creamy shot. My nipples hardened as heat exploded in my belly.
We walked out to the dance floor and he slid his fingers in the back of my hair. He nuzzled my neck and put his free hand on my ass, pulling me against him. I slid my hand between our bodies and cupped his balls. They were heavy with unspent cum. I unzipped his slacks and slid my hand inside. Precum coated my fingertips as they grazed the head of his thick cock. He groaned against my neck as my fingers captured the shaft in my grasp. I stroked him until he was growling in my ear.
"Je vous veux dans moi," I purred.
"Non," he replied forcefully. "Pas jusqu'à ce que je vous donne votre cadeau."
"Then take me home and give me my gift, Drew," I pleaded.
He looked at his watch and shook his head. "Another hour here and then I promise you'll have everything you want and more."
I felt eyes on us. "I'm about to make a spectacle of us."
"Precious, you already have," he laughed. He slid his fingers into my dress and caressed my painfully hard nipples. He manipulated my bodice, revealing my full breast to anyone who bothered to look. Several couples close to us were staring, unashamedly, as he took my nipple into his mouth. His tongue teased me until I was ready to beg for release. "They want to see you have an orgasm, baby."
I looked into his eyes and tried to control the floodgates inside me. "May I?"
He raised his voice so those who watched us could hear. "May you what?"
My eyes were locked with his. "May I orgasm?"
He looked for any sign of embarrassment, but found only the flushed cheeks of a woman on the verge of a monumental orgasm. He considered it for a long moment, reveling in the ache he felt inside me and our audience. "Yes."
We both heard the collective exhalation of the gathered audience. He lifted my breast slightly and bit my nipple until I convulsed in his arms. The small crowd around us gasped as I begged and pleaded him to fill my cunt with his thick cock. I didn't care if they watched him fuck me as long as he buried himself in me balls deep and sent me careening into orgasmic bliss. He wouldn't, but I ached with the need for his cock.
I opened my eyes as I came to see a bouncer watching me. We weren't attracting the attention of the entire club, but the crowd that had gathered was watching intently. The talented mouth that had so masterfully brought me to orgasm was no longer at my breast, but pressed against my ear.
"Time for a drink," he whispered. He restored my dress and I zipped his slacks. I excused myself to the ladies room while he went to the bar to get us drinks.
The bouncer followed me all the way to the restroom door. As I put my hand on it, he grabbed my arm and pulled me into a darker part of the hallway.
"Convince him to let me go home with you," he blurted out.
"Mike, you should talk to him. I'm not the one that makes decisions like that and you know it. Go out there and talk to him while I wash my hands." I watched as he walked straight to Drew and started talking. When I saw Drew smile, I stepped into the bathroom and washed my hands.
Five minutes later, I was begging Drew to take me home. He just smiled and told me to be patient. I went back out to the dance floor, with his blessing, to let off steam.
Several men approached me and told me they had enjoyed seeing me orgasm. A petite blonde walked up and kissed me while her boyfriend tried to slide his hand under my dress. I politely pushed him away and kissed his girlfriend back. Her hand made it into my panties and she gasped at how wet her fingers got. "Come home with us," she begged.
I declined and explained Drew to her in as few words as possible. She seemed to understand perfectly. She managed to drag me into a dark corner of the club for a few minutes. I could feel Drew's penetrating gaze on me as I slid two fingers into the blonde and fucked her to a shuddering orgasm.
"Would you like to bring her home?" he asked as I returned to his side.
"She's sweet, but I want your delicious cock tonight."
He looked at his watch and smiled. "Are you ready?"
To be continued...