Terra
Drone captures video of a naked woman in the forest doing more than communing with nature.
Chapter 1
I turned my hobby into a business, mainly because it was costing me too much money. A local real-estate agent asked if I could fly my homebuilt quadcopter over a property and survey the tile roof for a client. From there I kept getting more business, I used the money to build better and bigger quadcopter drones. Having bigger drone and better cameras increased the types of jobs I could do and make more money.
Adding FPV (First Person Video) camera gave me a video view just like I was in the drone looking out. It was fantastic, being able to see things you could only see from the air in real time.
One of the only perks, occasionally catching a nude female sunbathing while surveying houses. After a while I grew tired of looking at roofs and jumped at the opportunity to survey a farmer's crop with an infrared camera. I won't go into the technical details, but using an infrared camera view of the crops allowed the farmer to adjust, fertilizing and watering for a better yield.
One Saturday I was surveying the crops in a field next to a wooded area when I noticed a bright flash coming from the woods. After the third flash, my curiosity piqued, against my better judgement I flew the drone over to investigate.
I flew along, panning the camera for a sight of what caused the flash when I glimpsed someone in the woods. I flew the drone down closer to the trees to get a better view when the drone stopped sending video I knew that I had indivertibly gone out of radio range. The drone had a safety program build into the flight controller which should send the drone back to home autonomously after losing radio contact, but after a few minutes it didn't come back as planned.
Now I have to find it, not only would I lose the recording of my days' work, but lots of my hard-earned dollars.
As I drove over towards the woods, I reminded myself the drone has flashing red and green LEDs which should help me find it visually and I do have the GPS coordinates to get me close.
When I got close to where it should be I scanned the area with my binoculars hoping to glimpse a flashing LED.
I didn't find the drone, but I found the person in white; a young woman wearing a tennis outfit, sitting on a large fallen log. As I approached her, I noticed she was astride the log and appeared to be photographing herself with a camera mounted on a long stick.
Pausing, I continued to observe her for a few minutes, trying not to startle her. Looking past her, I continued to scan trees for the drone, finally finding it in a tree on the other side of her.
I had to show myself so I could get access to drone, trying not to startle her, I made a lot of noise stepping on branches.
Calling out, "I am looking for my drone, it crashed around here somewhere."
Then I pointed to a tree where drone crashed as I approached her as though I just found it.
After dismounting the log and she stood there looking aggravated at being interrupted. Her dark complexion and long black hair suggested a Mideastern descent. The top's silken fabric clung to her breasts, prominently displaying her hard nipples.
"Hi, I'm Jack," and pointing to the tree, "that's my drone up there."
"I'm Terra," Moving her long black hair over her ear, accenting her olive toned skin and dark eyes.
"Sorry to interrupt your... err...communing with nature, but the drone seems have a mind of its own today."
A frown was her reply.
I moved under the tree, "I don't think I can reach it."
Grabbing a stick and poking it towards the drone, it was still out of reach.
"Could you help me, maybe I can lift you up and you could grab it?"
"If I do, will you leave so I can get back to... as you put it...communing with nature?"
"Lady, I just want to retrieve my drone and get back to work."
She walked over towards me, "Ok, how's this going to work?"
I squatted down, "If I lift you on my shoulders you should be able to reach it."
Straddling my neck as I lifted her up on my shoulders, her crotch felt wet against my neck.
I'm thinking WTF is that, but didn't say anything.
I positioned her under the drone while she struggled to reach it, "I'm a few inches away, I can't reach it."
"Ok, I'm going to put you down and have you stand on my shoulders."
"What, I'm not an acrobat, what if I fall?"
After minutes of reassuring her, she finally agreed to stand on my shoulders.
Carefully, I positioned her under the drone and she exclaimed, "I got it."
When I looked up, I could see she wasn't wearing panties and the underside of her boobs. I said nothing about the view, but she knew I was looking up at her wet pussy.
It took all my concentration to get her down safely after looking.
"Thank you, Terra, I don't know what I would have done without your help."
"Did you..." she started to say but stopped.
I was afraid she was going to ask if I enjoyed looking at her pussy, the answer would have been yes.
Once down, she rearranged her skirt and adjusted her top, waiting for me to comment.
"Terra, what brings you out to the woods on a beautiful day like this?"
"Well Jack, I photograph nature for my podcast for shut-ins."
"That sounds like a good cause."
She didn't tell me what she was doing on the log, so I let it drop.
I could tell the conversation was growing tense, so I wrapped it up, leaving her my business card," In case you need any aerial views for your podcasts. I'll give you a free one for your help."
I left with my damaged drone to retrieve the data and repair it.
Chapter 2
The infrared video was intact and all the client needed. The FPV video was quite telling, especially when the drone crashed in the tree and continued to record. It showed Terra astride the log, rubbing her pussy directly on the log. She was lifting her skirt and photographing her pussy as she rode the log to a climax. No wonder my neck got wet, it was still wet with pussy juice.
Her crotch was covered by a small triangle of groomed pubic hair ending just above her labia. Her breasts were medium, not too small, possibly a handful. Her perky nipples pointed straight out of her dark areolas. I only wished I could have zoomed in for a closer view.
The recording continued until the battery died a few minutes later.
I wondered if she included the video of her humping a log in her podcast. Now I wished I had got her information, or at least how to get her podcast.
A week later Terra called and after some small talk asks, "Jack, can you be discrete?"
Thinking she was referring to sharing some confidential information, "Sure, I am a professional, almost like a lawyer's attorney client privilege."
"I need to do a special podcast and want you to do some aerial views, can you do it?"
I say jokingly, "As long as it isn't in the trees. You know how they don't get along."
"No, but it's in the same location, but not in the forest."
"Ok, when do you want to do it?"
"How about Sunday morning at 10:00? Meet me on the road near the location where I was in woods."
That Sunday I drove out to the road to meet her with one of my drones.
It surprised me when she arrived on a red Kawasaki ninja motorcycle wearing a black leather jacket and helmet. When she took off the helmet, she shook her long black hair until it fell down to her mid-back. Removing the jacket, she looked radiant in a white satin top and very short tight blue striped shorts.
It was apparent she was braless. Her nipples poked at the satin top as the fabric clung to her breasts.
I almost was speechless and found it hard to exchange pleasantries while focusing on her nipples. Feeling like a schoolboy in heat, my cock swelled as my mind wandered. She must have noticed I wasn't paying attention to the conversation, but to her nipples.
She clicked her fingers at me to get my attention, "Hey Jack, are you listening?"
It was then she presented her request.
"I know we don't really know each other but I feel like I can trust you. I sort of lied to you about podcasts, they are really pictures and videos I sell on my website."
"What type of pictures? Trees?... flowers?"
"No, they are more... shall I say graphic...pictures of me."
I sort of knew where this was going after seeing her humping a log, but I figured I would play naïve and see where she would go with this request."
"I take photos of myself in the natural environment, forest, fields and so forth, but I do it naked or partially naked. Then I edit them to hide my face and post them on my website for sale."
"For sale? I thought it was for shut-ins."
"Well, it is sort of...most of my clients are older and seem to like the natural settings. Maybe because they don't get out to the forest much and maybe it is because they want to fantasize about seeing a young naked girl in a nature setting."
Chapter 3
Her request was for me to video her naked hiking down the road near the forest.
"I usually do everything myself, using a GoPro camera mounted on a long stick. The problem is I can only do one view at a time. Changing the stick from one hand to the other or having it face back, causes me to lose the momentum of my... or...org... oh well my orgasm. I like to get off while I am doing the videos."
My response was to stare at her as if in as disbelief.
"Yes Jack, I like to videoing myself having an orgasm. It adds to the realism for my audience; they enjoy seeing me get off. That's what I was doing in the woods, I was rubbing myself on a log until I climaxed. You almost ruined it with your drone crashing into the trees."
"Let me get this clear, you want me to video you hiking naked and masturbating."
"Well, if you're going to be blunt about it, yes. Can or should I say, will you do it for me, after all you owe me a free aerial video."
My cock had already decided for me, it was growing thinking about videoing her naked.
Trying not so sound like I was leaping for joy at the opportunity, "Sure, I guess I could help you."
"But let me set the rules, you can't touch me or make any advancements while I am doing my videos. You can't photograph my face or anything that can identify me in the video. I always edit the videos and I am careful to remove anything that will give away my identify."
"Ok, I guess I could agree with those conditions. You said while you were making videos, correct?"
"Jack, I see where you are going with this, you figure that you can take advantage of a vulnerable naked girl while she is getting off."
"I wouldn't put it like that, but if you need assistance climaxing, I wouldn't mind helping you, just a thought."
"Good to know you would gothe extra mileto help a girl out."
"Is it a deal Jack?"
"Yep, I'll do it Terra."
She produced a notebook with some basic stick figures diagramming what she wanted for each shot, like a director's story board. The first scene had her stripping and going slowly down the road, I was to video her from the front walking towards me and occasionally going behind her, for a view of her ass.
The second scene was her moving into a field and sitting on a blanket and masturbating to a climax, then hiking back to where she started.
"I estimated the total time to be less than a half hour, unless I take longer to climax. With you watching it may be quicker, having a real audience has been one of my fantasies."
"Sounds like you have it all planned out, it should be easy to do."
"How far away can you be from the drone? "
"About a mile, but less is safer"
"Ok, take this blanket and put it next to the field about half a mile down the road and record me walking towards you."
The first scene went almost to plan until I spotted someone coming down the road behind her. I was going to say something, but where was she going to go. A man in beige camo walked up close enough to see that she was naked, noticed the drone, then retreated. Either he didn't want to see a naked girl up close or figured it was something they should go back and report.
Terra didn't notice the stranger and kept on script until the field.
"Was there someone on the road behind me?"
"Yes, but they turned around and left."
Coming close to me, trying to hide behind me, her breast brushed my arm, "Do you think it's safe to continue, maybe they will come back. I know it sounds silly, but I don't know if I'm ready for a stranger to see me naked.
"That's some strange reaction, you know I'm a stranger and I'm right next to you."
"You're not a stranger Jack, I know you and feel safe with you." As she held my arm.
Now she was using my body to shield her from a viewer down the road. Her honey scented perfume was making my heart race, and my cock throb while I was thinking about turning around and grabbing those tits and planting my face in them.
She looked down the road didn't see anyone, "Ok, I think it's safe to continue."
She picked up a blanket, walked over to the field and smoothed it out and laid down.
"Ok, Jack, start recording."
I flew the drone up and started videoing her as she relaxed and stretched out on the blanket and holding her legs together. She went through a series of squeezing motions with her legs, then started masturbating. Opening her legs wide, showing her vulva as she fingered herself with one hand and pulled a nipple with the other.
I desperately wanted to play with my throbbing cock, but I needed both hands on the controller or I might crash the drone. Terra continued until I could see the tell tail signs of an impending orgasm. First it was slight leg muscles twitching, then it was full-blown spasms with her moans of pleasure almost masked out by the hum of the drone.
I got it all recorded, even zooming in on her swelling labia for the final climax. I wished I could have zoomed in on her face as she climaxed; it was a vision of pure pleasure. I don't remember ever watching the face of a woman while she orgasms.
"It looked you made it without my help, I was ready to jump in and help." As I landed the drone.
Panting, "It was faster than usual, it had to be because you were watching me."
She folded up the blanket and handed it to me; it smelled of her sex and exotic perfume.
"I will walk back to my cycle and get dressed and you can follow me along with the drone."
Squeezing my arm, "Please keep a lookout for the person down the road, better yet can you follow me with your truck."
"I can't operate the drone and drive at the same time. How about we do it in segments, I'll follow you with the drone for a while, land then move the truck up and repeat until you get back to your cycle.?"
After a long a pause, she said, "I guess it could work, I could edit the video to make it look seamless."
We followed the plan, and she got back to her cycle without seeing the stranger again. She dressed and held out her hand.
"Can I have memory card from drone so I can edit video?"
"I can send you the files," I wanted to do it myself so I could make a copy for myself to keep.
She must have figured out my plan, so she shook her head no.
"It's easier to do it from the card myself, so please." As she waves her hand.
I reluctantly turned over the memory card, "I'll must get that card back after you are done."
"I'll give it back at our next session."
"Next session?"
"Yes, the stranger sort of... freaked me out, I'll feel safer with you along. So, I want to do the next one with you again, if you don't mind."
Chapter 4
A week later, Terra called me to arrange up the next session, it sounded similar to the last one except she wanted to go into the woods.
Reminding her that flying the drone in the woods didn't go well last time, she offered to bring her camera for the forest part.
We scheduled it for the following Saturday down the road from the last location.
Just like before, she arrived on her cycle with her story board already made out. This time she wore a green wool athletic jacket with hood and tight yellow short shorts.
"Here is the deal, I will walk down the road with my jacket on until I get to a trail going into the woods. The trail leads to a hunter's deer stand in the woods, at the stand I'll remove my jacket and use one of the support poles to get off."
I thought about asking if she was afraid of getting splinters in her pussy, but thought better of it.
"I should use your camera once you go into the woods, using the drone there is too dangerous."
"Ok, but you have to follow me along fairly close so you can capture me in full detail."
I positioned my truck just past the trail and set the drone up to follow her down the road.
She started out with her jacket zipped, then as she walked down the road, she gradually unzipped it until her beautiful tits would occasionally peak out of the jacket.
I landed the drone once she got to the trail and started using the GoPro camera. True to her script, she walked to a hunter's stand and removed her jacket, fully revealing those round olive orbs. Straddling a pole supporting the stand, she proceeded to rub her pussy on it until her shorts got wet.
I zoomed into her crotch as her yellow shorts turned a darker color, slowly expanding as she continued to hump the pole. Finally, she had an orgasm and stopped.
"Jack, I'm going up into the stand to have another orgasm, follow me," As she removed her cum soaked shorts.
I videoed her naked ass as she ascended a rickety wooden ladder to the stand; I struggled to video her while climbing to follow. Once inside, she sat in the corner and rubbed her still wet pussy and massaged her tits occasionally tweaking her dark nipples.
"Stand and face the open side so I can get the open field in the background."
She continued fingering herself until she had another orgasm. "I am enjoying you watching me, it adds a new level of excitement for me. You're the only one to see me in person doing it."
As she finished that sentence, a man in Camo appeared below with a camera with a telephoto lens looked up at her.
"Jack, that stranger is here, do something!" As she tried to hide her naked body behind me.
"He is probably a bird watcher, I don't think he took any pictures of you. While you are naked as a jay bird, I don't think that's the kind of bird he is interested in photographing."
"Ha-ha."
I called down to the stranger, "You see any eagles today?"
That was the only bird that came to mind.
"No, I'm looking for crested...." I didn't hear the word after crested so I'm not sure what he said.
"Good luck searching, have a nice day." As he turned and walked away.
Terra was trembling behind me, I could sense her fear.
"I think I need to find a different place in the future, I've done several sessions here and never seen anyone."
"Aren't you showing yourself naked on the internet, what's the difference if a stranger sees you?"
"It's not the same, they are not near me. Also, they can't see my face, so I remain anonymous."
"So why do you need to be anonymous?"
"I'm a twenty-nine-year-old female with an art business and I'm not sure my customers would understand my naked sessions and it could affect my business relationships."
"Good point, so why not give up filming yourself naked outside?"
"Enjoyment, I love being naked outside in a natural setting, it makes me horny so I want to masturbate. To be truthful, I enjoy getting off outside, it's better than doing it at home in my bedroom. Plus, I look forward to being viewed by my internet clients, they give me such positive feedback, I just want to do more for them."
"Well, I can understand the horny part, it's all I can do, not to feel your beautiful tits or fuck you."
"Are you going to work with me if you can't fuck me or do you have to fuck your female clients?"
Terra moved in front of me, with her pussy still dripping wet, conversing like we are casually talking about art. Her long hair hung over her chest, just barely obscuring the view of her hard nipples.
"Yes, I can work with you, but it's hard watching you naked knowing I can't even touch. I have my needs as well," Trying not to sound needy.
Moving closer to me and putting her hand on my bulging cock, "Maybe I could help you with this to relieve you."
I let her take my cock out and watched as she knelt to take it in her mouth. "I'll settle for that."
It was clear that she had done this before, as she deep throated me until I unloaded what seems like a month's supply of cum. She swallowed some and let the rest blast on her chest, dripping down to her breast, gluing her hair to her nipple with my creamy cum.
"Did that help you?"
"Yes... thank you... too bad we didn't get that on video."
"Maybe next time," saying casually as she wiped the cum off her breast then flicked it off her fingers."
Putting my deflated cock away. "What now?"
"I sort of lost the mood, can we leave?"
She picked up her clothes, but didn't put them back on.
While hiking back to my truck, she decided to ride with me back to her cycle and call it a day. She sat on the same blanket she left with me after the last session, leaving another deposit of her sex and perfume.
Putting her clothes back on, "I have to think about the next session, I'll call you."
"Oh, you don't want to forget the memory card."
After handing her the drone memory card she kissed me, got on her cycle and rode away.
Chapter 5
Days past and I didn't hear from Terra, I was beginning to think that the blowjob spoiled our relationship. I wasn't sure what kind of relationship we had, but I wanted it to continue.
I constantly thought of her, especially every time I got into my truck, the sweet scent of her perfume and sex still lingered on the blanket she left behind. I decided to call her with a suggestion of another location for the next session, I had in mind a secluded beach road leading down to a small sandy beach.
I dialed the number she last called me from, no answer, but finally an answering machine responded, "Lemnia Art gallery, please leave your name and number and I'll get back to you." Beep.
"Hey, Terra this is Jack Ernst at Aerial Specialties, can you call me back?"
I kept the message brief because I didn't know who would be listening.
A day later Terra called back apologizing for the delay in returning my call. "I can't talk right now can we meet at 'The Knot Hole' Friday night at 7 pm?"
Friday night I meet her on time at the Knot Hole, a local bar on the outskirts of town. After exchanging pleasantries, she once again apologized for not getting back to me sooner, but said some demanding things came up.
"Terra I thought of another place for your next session, what do you think about the beach?"
"Beach, is it a nude beach?"
"No, I know of a secluded beach road leading down to a nice sandy beach that would be perfect for your next session."
"Tell me more."
"I am thinking of you riding down the road on your cycle nude, like lady Godiva. Maybe you can rub yourself on the seat to get off, then go down to the beach and do your stuff."
"I'll think about it. The beach isn't really my thing, I like trees and fields."
"I got a new flight controller for my quad copter that can be instructed to follow you automatically at a preset distance and even do 360 around you, keeping you constantly in view."
"Sounds like you put a lot of thought into it, but I have to decline for now." As she started to tear up.
"What's wrong."
"Jack, my father is ill... and I have to... go back home to Greece. I worked it out with my assistant to take over my gallery until I get back." She said while breaking down in tears.
I am dumbfounded, but try to console her while grasping for something helpful to say.
"Anything you need just let me know, need any pets taken care of?"
"No children or pets that need attending, but thanks for offering."
She reached into her purse and handed me a small clear bottle, "This is something to remember me, it's the perfume that I wear, Chergui by Serge Lutens. Open it when you want to think of me."
Now I am starting to tear up, she is going to move thousands of miles away before we could? Actually, I had no idea of what we could or would become, lovers? Friends? Or just a business client.
"Will you write me, I mean, email me. Maybe we can Skype sometimes." Wiping her tears away as she talked.
"Sure, I will."
We sat there holding hands and kissing for a while, until she said she had an early morning flight and had to leave. I did offer to drive her to the airport, but she had an Uber already scheduled.
That's where it ended, I wonder if she will ever come back and more importantly, will she want to continue with her naked sessions. I really want to do the beach one.