Hello everyone, in case you didn't read either of my last entries here's a little back story on me. I am a very shy 27 year old woman; I am 5'2" and 105 lbs. My bra size is 34C, and I have shoulder length reddish brown hair. Up until recently I have had a very normal sex life, no one had even seen me naked until I was married (yup virgin bride). In fact a crazy night for me before was if my husband, who I will call Josh, and I switched positions so I was on top!
So you may be asking 'how did I go from that to exploits of public nudity?' Well, I did it for my marriage and I stand by my choice. Josh was in a very unhappy mood for a while and I finally got him to tell me what was wrong. He admitted to me that he has felt unfulfilled with our sex life. He mentioned that he did not feel like he would ever be able to realize his sexual fantasies with me.
Not long ago, in an attempt to help my marriage, I read a healthy marriage book that had a portion that said for a relationship to truly work, both partners must try to fulfill the other's sexual needs. At the time I didn't know sex was a problem. I really wanted Josh to be happy again so I took the book's advice and prepared for the worst. I let josh know that he could be open with me, and even though I wasn't very experienced I would do my best to fulfill his needs no matter what they were.
One of his desires was for me to write about my experiences, being completely honest on how they make me feel and post them on the net so he could read the comments it gets with me, so here I go again on my next "adventure" as Josh calls them.
For all the people who have commented on my stories saying hurtful things about my husband, know this, I am happy. I get gifts for no reason, I get random kisses whenever he is around, Josh brings me flowers and cuddles up close to watch movies, he tells me a thousand times a day how much he loves me, he holds me close and I feel that love. Josh asks my opinion on everything and is always willing to watch a chick flick with me, or even go shopping. And most importantly he is happy, every day, no matter how rough his day was, he comes home to me with a smile on his face. So if all I need to do for all that is to fulfill his fantasies and feel some humiliation I gladly accept it. So back to my "adventures"...
First of all Josh wanted our steady readers to know that we are sorry we haven't posted in a bit but some unfortunate circumstances delayed us from being able to post any adventures. Also my embarrassing party with Jenni has been delayed for a while. Josh did ask me to perform a few "mini adventures" a few weeks ago, inspired by a couple of the comments on our previous adventures.
Most of the locations where long ways from home to prevent being seen by people we knew. My first one was held at a large popular mall.
For my first adventure Josh had rigged up a floor length skirt for me, which would easily pull off when the time came. He requested I wear a white thong with a mesh crotch underneath it. On top he asked that I wear a push up bra and a revealing spaghetti strap shirt with it. Then he took me to a mall he picked out that was almost an hour away.
When we walked into the mall I felt very self-conscious, my shirt was getting a lot of attention for the amount of cleavage it revealed. On top of that I already felt half naked because my "skirt" was basically just a sheet of material that was wrapped around my waist. The only thing holding it together was a magnet at my hip that was just strong enough to stay together. It popped open when getting in and out of the car and did not seem like it would keep my skirt up for long.
We headed onto an escalator in the center of the mall and Josh, while pretending to tie his shoe, jammed a bit of my skirt between the stairs near the side wall.
I was so very nervous, I knew the moment we reached the top and I stepped off my skirt would be ripped off of me in the crowded mall. When this happened I was supposes to make an obvious shriek of horror, gaining more attention, and try to pull my skirt free of the escalator, but not very hard, since I was not meant to get it back. When this did not work I was to run out of the mall in just my shirt and mesh thong panties. I was terrified looking around at all the people that were about to witness my humiliation. The mall was really crowded with all ages of people to stare at my embarrassment.
I was so wrapped up in my worries I barely noticed in time that I made it to the top. As soon as I reached the end I stepped forward in fear and felt a slight pull at my waist and that was all it took. I stepped right out of my skirt in front of everyone! I pretended to stumble a bit and shrieked out covering my crotch with my hands.
All around me people gasped and pointed. Some people were laughing. A child behind me shrieked with laughter, which made me even more humiliated. After a brief moment of rehearsed surprise, but very real humiliation, I crouched down grabbing my skirt pretending to pull it free. I was blushing red and trembling all over as people stumbled around me trying to get off the elevator as I pulled on my skirt wearing virtually nothing on bottom. I could hear people around me talking in concerned tones or laughing at my horrific situation. A couple of people asked if I needed help but I honestly couldn't respond because of the fear constricting my throat, so I just shook my head.
I found I didn't need to pretend to free my dress because it was getting dragged into the edge if the mechanism and was impossible to break free.
Finally after what seemed like forever (Josh says it was only 60 seconds) Josh gave me a nod and I gave up with the skirt and made my escape. With tears eyes brimming with tears, I ran down the other escalator and sped off for the door, covering my crotch with my hands. I was so embarrassed running through a crowded mall in my panties!
When I made it to the car I was terrified and shaking everywhere. I took a second to stop the world from spinning, then I drove to another entrance and picked up Josh who had a huge smile on his face. We drove off with me still in my panties and Josh taking full advantage of that.
The idea for my next "mini adventure" also came from someone's comments. This one especially freaked me out because it involved people we knew! We were not originally going to have any adventures close to home, but since this one was supposed to be "accidental" they would still not know our little secret.
Our neighbors across the street have a Bar-B-Q by their pool every couple weeks or so and the whole street tries to show up along with many others. Everyone shows up in their swimsuit and usually I would be wearing my usual one-piece but we recently bought a skimpy little bikini for just this occasion.
When we arrived I immediately received numerous comments about the change in my apparel. This made me very nervous and embarrassed. I just kept telling them that I was trying to branch out. They were all very nice and I must admit that I was very proud of all the running I have been doing, but I was still very self-conscious.
Josh and I swam for a while he waited for the opportune time for my "accident". This time came when our neighbor on the grill announced the food was ready and most of the people got out of the pool to get something to eat.
Josh nodded at me, letting me know it was time. I swam to the end, got out and walked over to the diving board, legs shaking in fear. Very few people used the diving board so when I walked over to it I already started getting attention.
My neighbors were shouting out different requests like "do a flip" or "cannon ball!" But I had a very simple dive planned. It was afterwards that would get complicated.
I walked to the end of the board, trying my best not to fall from nerves. I was shaking and my heart was pounding! I couldn't believe I was going through with it.
Josh smiled at me and I gathered my courage. I dove down deep so no one could see what I did next. After a second of hesitation at the bottom of the pool I pulled the string behind my neck, the one holding my top up! Then I swam underwater toward the ladder closest to the food, and all my neighbors, with my bikini top fluttering around my belly. I got to the ladder and was terrified to get out. I wanted so badly to stay under the water but my lungs burned in disagreement. I gathered my courage and quickly climbed the ladder.
I emerged right in front of about fifteen of my neighbors with my breasts bare for all to see. People gasped and stared at me, I tried my best to pretend not to know what was going on but in my head I was freaking out. Here I was standing topless in front of most of my friends and neighbors. I knew I would be the talk of the town, and I knew the men would always think of me like this when they see me again. The thought was making me a little dizzy and kinda sick.
After a short moment one of my female neighbors yelled out "Nice rack Kelly!" Followed by a "Whoohoo" from another neighbor.
Everyone laughed and I looked down pretending to be surprised and covered my chest with my hands, turning my back to them at the same time. I tried to re-tie the strings to my bikini top but I was shaking too badly.
Then I heard the same female neighbor say "I'm sorry Kelly I was just kidding, here let me help you fix this." She tied up my bikini and told me how I should always double tie my top to stop this from happening.
Afterwards everyone was very nice about the "accident". They joked a little but tried to put me at ease with what happened. It didn't put me at ease though; I was humiliated and felt uneasy and embarrassed the rest of the day.
Josh on the other hand looked very pleased and gave me plenty of extra attention.
My last "mini adventure" took place near a popular restaurant.
We arrived at the restaurant by cab; it had a wait to get in so there were over a dozen people waiting outside. I was wearing a wrap dress, like you see at the malls right now. So basically I just had a sheet wrapped around me, with no bra, and only a tiny thong underneath. I was so nervous about what I was about to do.
Josh reassured me, then he gave the driver special instructions and an added large tip.
I got out of the cab and Josh held onto a corner of my dress so that it closed in the door when I shut it. Josh stayed inside the cab watching me. I just stood there for a moment looking around in terror.
There was a line to get in, as always. There were a dozen or so people in line and a handful of people walking the sidewalk. I was breathing heavy and trembling with fear.
I looked back and just nodded at me with a small smile. I took a deep breath and stepped forward causing my dress to easily unwrap. As my dress fell off of me the driver pulled off taking my dress with him. I was left almost completely naked on the street. I yelped genuinely as my clothing drove off down the street.
Everyone looked at me shocked. People stopped walking, some pointed others murmured. Within the span of a couple breaths everyone around was staring at me. I stood there for a moment in rehearsed shock, and real terror again, covering my breasts with one arm and my crotch with my other hand.
I looked around in fear for a moment, until someone began coming forward asking if I needed help. Then I sprinted towards the slowly moving cab. I chased the cab down the busy street for less than a block, breasts bouncing around for all to see, where Josh had told him to stop. I grabbed my dress and jumped in the cab shivering from the rush of the run and the fear of my exposure.
The ride to the hotel was very uncomfortable with the driver constantly looking back at me, but Josh made up for it all later, just as he always does.
These are my most recent "adventures", not as planned or lengthy, which is both good and bad. It was easier for me to do, since they were all quick, but the after rewards were not as intense as when Josh plans it out and makes it harder on me. So, odd as it is to say, I actually think I prefer the tougher "adventures". But the end results were still more than worth it and pleased Josh tremendously.
As always, my husband loves reading your responses and I find most of them reassuring as well. Also Josh tries to use what people post like we did in these "mini adventures", so please if you have any comments or suggestions for future "adventures" please post them. Thank you.