I was woken up by Gianna sucking my morning glory. I rubbed my eyes still half asleep as I realised this horny slut did not even wait for her boyfriend to wake up beside us. But the sucking and slurping sounds woke him up eventually.
Me: Good morning Tommy. Looks like your girl here has no manners, or maybe she's so hungry she wanted my sausage breakfast.
Tommy's pee-pee started to swell as he watched me feeding his girlfriend.
Me: Don't you guys kiss in the morning? Gianna kiss your sweet loving man, he just woke up.
Gianna held on to my cock as she wiggled towards Tommy and kissed him with spit dripping down her chin.
I stood on the bed over the sub couple and watched them share my pre cum.
Me: Gianna's got dibs on the sausage, Tommy the eggs are still up for grabs, suck my balls and I will feed you my protein milk.
Tommy did just that, he sucked on my balls as his girlfriend slobbered my gigantic cock. I did not last long for my first erection of the day as I emptied my load inside Gianna's dirty mouth.
Me: Share the protein shake slut. Give your man a breakfast for champions.
Gianna was already kissing Tommy pushing my seed down his hole. They licked each other clean as I got off the bed.
Me: Let's take a shower. You sissies make me feel so dirty. My dick is filthy from your holes.
The three of us got in the shower as Gianna washed my body and Tommy was cleaning my dick and balls. I wanted him to quickly get used to my size so I could abuse him more; Gianna was not enough for me. I wanted two toys.
After the shower we headed to the kitchen and Tommy started making breakfast for me while I was hard again feeding Gianna next to him.
Me: Do you want me to fuck you doggy again baby?
Gianna: I don't care, I just want that thick cock in me.
Me: Doggy it is then.
I bent Gianna over as her pussy was twitching with anticipation and inserted my cock inside her thrusting her from behind, pounding her like a piece of meat.
Tommy: Babe...do you want anything to eat?
Tommy asked concerned about his small girlfriend as she was fucked into another world.
Gianna: No...Ah FUCK, so deep! His cock is my food! OH MY GOD! I'M CUMMING!! You are so amazing.
Gianna climaxed on my rod and I left her on the table for Tommy to clean as I grabbed a plate sitting down to eat.
Tommy ate his girlfriends beat up pussy as she looked at me smiling thanking me for the experience.
After I finished my food I yanked Gianna from her soft boyfriend and dragged her to the middle or the living room and snapped my fingers at Tommy.
Me: Sit on the couch and watch.
I started slapping Gianna's face with my cock, the slut enjoyed it so much as did her boyfriend. I constantly was rubbing my cock on her face, lips, mouth and painted her face with her own spit.
Me: Tommy doesn't she look pretty with my fat dick in her sloppy mouth?
Tommy: She looks so hot!
I pulled my penis out of Gianna's moist warm mouth and walked backwards as she crawled on all fours chasing my cock like the bitch she is.
Tommy couldn't stop beating his small wiener as I was flexing and dangling my stiff cock in front of Gianna teasing her.
Gianna: Please Sir, can I have it. PLEASE!
Me: Stick your tongue out and bark like a dog.
Gianna: Woof Woof. Woof Woof.
Gianna was breathing rapidly with her tongue out like a stray mutt. Itching to have me fuck her like a cheap slut, stretching her tiny pussy out.
Me: Tommy do you think she deserves it? Does she deserve to have me inside her? Did she earn to be fucked by a real man in front of you?
Tommy: YES! I love her so much! Please make her happy with that monster.
Me: Here you go slut, eat my cock.
I allowed Gianna to have another go at my shaft but the second she put her mouth on it I gave her a stern slap across the face; swiftly lifting her up with my hand around her scrawny throat and choked her while she was looking at her sissy boyfriend.
I walked with her towards her boyfriend choking her every step of the way. When we stood in front of him I put one foot on the couch next to Tommy so he had a great view from the underside of my hard cock.
Me: Tell me both of you, who has the bigger cock?
Gianna had no air to speak so Tommy answered for her.
Tommy: You do! Your cock is fantastic, I love looking at it. It's so sexy.
Me: Did you hear that Gianna? Your boyfriend likes to look at my fantastic cock. What kind of a fucking faggot did you fall in love with?
Gianna started going limp from my choking so I let go of her and let her boyfriend catch her. As he cushioned her fall and embraced her I stuck my dick in her welcoming pussy and began my onslaught. I just pounded her with no warning. Stroke after stroke as I put my entire body behind each fuck.
Gianna was moaning loudly as her beta lover held her in his arms staring at her spit covered red face. He stared at her beautiful eyes as they rolled back in her skull from the armada of orgasms she had. Tommy was blushing with happiness, thankful he was part of this. He kissed her with an opened mouth tasting the flavour I left as I was stuffing her.
Me: God damn you look cute together.
I pulled Gianna by her hair breaking the kiss and spat in her mouth pushing her face back into Tommy's as they resumed the kiss.
The fucking I delivered on Gianna was felt trough her as if Tommy was on the receiving end. With each stroke the couch shook and Gianna was folded almost in half.
Me: Who do you love more? Tommy or my cock?
Gianna: I love Tommy, but your cock OWNS me. FUCK ME LIKE A WHORE; OH YES IM CUMING!!
Me: Tommy are you jealous that I make her cum so easy? Do you wish you were half the man I was?
Tommy: I'm just happy I met you and your awesome power. PLEASE OWN US BOTH, FUCK US. I never made her cum like this.
When the couple completely submitted and acknowledged my superiority and ownership over them I shifted gears. I spun Gianna around so that she had her back pressed up against Tommy as he held her legs spreading her broken pussy.
Now I began to slowly fuck Gianna for the first time. Letting her feel every inch of me this time with passion not savage lust. She seemed to enjoy it very much as her boyfriend was looking at me with his pretty blue eyes.
Me: I like the way you stare at me Tommy, it gets me nice and hard so I can give your girl the ride of her life.
I stood up exiting Gianna shortly and leaned forward presenting the couple with my sex juice drenched cock.
Tommy went first as he kissed and gently sucked the head while Gianna licked the shaft from the side. Briefly after I withdrew and penetrated gently Gianna the young lovers shared a deep lovely kiss. The taste I gave them seemed to arouse them so much.
I could see the couple could use some alone time together and decided I should cum. I took my cock out of Gianna's punished pussy and stroked myself ejaculating instantly. I sprayed my load on the couple as they were kissing. I tried to balance it 50/50 but Gianna got more cum than Tommy.
Gianna: What a gentleman! Baby he rewarded us with his tasty seed. Thank him.
Tommy: Thank you...Thank you so much.
I left the couple and went to watch some TV as they continued to tongue bathe each other.
In the continuation of the day I fucked and sodomised my pet couple a few more times before bed time came.
Before the three of us went to sleep naked together Gianna pulled me to the side and wanted something.
Gianna: Tomorrow is Tommy's birthday...can you help me pick a gift for him?
Me: Do you guys have a camera?
Gianna: Yeah we do, it films in full HD. Why?
Me: If I tell you my idea you wont be able to sleep, ill tell you tomorrow.
Gianna accepted my answer as we all went to bed. The idea I had for Tommy's Birthday present will be something neither of us will ever forget.
To be continued.