The dim lighting and musky smell of sex assaulted her senses, as her eyes struggled to adjust to the activity around her. He had been holding her hand in the lobby, but his grasp became a firm grip on her upper arm as he confidently led her forward. Her palms were damp and she tried to subtly wipe them on her dress while keeping pace with his long strides.
They passed through an octagonal room filled with couches, lounges, and pedestals -- several of which were occupied by passionately embracing couples in various states of undress. A sex swing was in use at one side of the lounge, and a massage table was occupied across the room. Her pulse had begun to keep beat with the Techno music that was playing in the background as they advanced through the maze of lovers. Mounted high around the large space, there were scattered screens playing porn, presumably to encourage the mood through suggestion.
Drawing closer, her breath hitched as she noticed more activity surrounding this central area. No walls contained the space; rather there were eight glass paneled rooms, some of which had deep red curtains drawn, others of which were wide open. In an 18th century themed room to her right, a shapely blonde woman was calling out in the throes of passion as her partner's mouth was buried between her thighs. Through the glass side wall into the room next door, there appeared to be a threesome getting started on top of an office desk in a space filled with dark leather accents. Cinda glanced up at the handsome man that was leading her into this new world, her stomach clenching as she caught his hooded gaze taking in her shallow breaths and wide eyed stare.
Placing a possessive hand at the small of her back, Luke guided Cinda into an empty room, dimly lit by wall sconces. As he closed the door, Cinda felt a small sense of relief. Had he left the door open, it would have been an invitation for other couples to join. For now, thick velvet curtains were drawn on the three glass paneled sides of the room, creating a private cocoon in which Cinda could gain her confidence. Vents high on the walls allowed the sounds of neighboring activities to filter in, causing a pulse of arousal to go through her, as she felt her core clench in anticipation. It had been too long since she had been with a man, and her body was taking the lead over her brain. The intensity of the situation was so much more than she had anticipated, despite her research. Doubts and uncertainty began to take hold, as she realized that her actions had led her here, however unintentionally.
Taking a deep breath, Cinda examined the space that was bathed in filtered red light. Dominating the center of the room was a circular platform bed covered in black satin and matching pillows. To the side was a modern red chaise lounge that reminded her of a long tongue. An ornately framed square mirror covered most of the rear wall -- the only one that didn't open up to other rooms, but it still left the feeling of being watched. Swallowing back a wave of dizziness, Cinda didn't allow herself to wonder what was stored in the dark chest in the back corner.
When she proposed this "tryst" with the frustratingly domineering Luke Lawson, it was fueled by liquid confidence and lust. Her research into the underground elite club scene had hit a dead end, and by pestering the ultra-elite Mr. Lawson for information, she had no idea of the Pandora's Box that she had been opening. Though the sexual tension between them had been mounting, she had never crossed the line with an interview subject and professional contact before. Now it was obvious that she was playing with fire, and she needed to decide if she was going to allow herself to be consumed, or run before getting burned.
Turning to voice her doubts, her breath caught when she met the smoldering gaze of the striking man in front of her. Dark hair framed equally dark eyes that stared back at her like she was about to be devoured. Cinda blushed as she was struck with the desire to bury her hands in the sexy waves of his hair like she had seen the woman do in the other room. She watched as Luke unbuttoned his black shirt, revealing an interesting signet tattoo that seemed to be stamped over his heart. Stopping herself from reaching out to touch it, Cinda wondered what the significance was of that intricate marking. Suddenly, she became aware of him watching her as she stared at his chiseled chest. Smirking, he confidently moved towards her, capturing her mouth with his as he cupped her full breasts under her sundress. All thoughts in Cinda's head scattered as she became consumed by his mouth working hers. His lips were soft as they caressed hers, the kiss deepening as she began to respond with a need she hadn't realized she had. With each stroke of their tongues, Cinda felt the room slip away as she held on to only him. Breaking his mouth from hers, he methodically kissed down her jaw, throat, across her collarbones ... creating a liquid warmth inside Cinda that began to spread outward in waves. Gliding his strong hands down her shoulders, he slipped the straps down, freeing her breasts as the dress pooled down by her feet. Luke's fingers teased her nipples as he found her mouth again, kissing her in a thorough exploration before moving his mouth down to claim her hard peaks. Cinda's limited experience with men up until this point had done nothing to prepare her for the responses of her body and the overwhelming need that was burning through her at his touch.
Cinda moaned as his mouth expertly worked her nipples and his fingers traveled down to caress her clit. Though she had been skeptical, Luke's instructions to not wear any lingerie under her dress had proven beneficial for her. Shyly placing her hands on his broad shoulders for balance, Cinda arched both her back and hips towards him so that she could increase the contact with his skillful mouth and fingers. Her head fell back in a gasp before Luke captured her lips again. His fingers continued to tease, keeping time with his tongue as he walked her backwards until her legs felt the satin covering of the bed.
Laying her back, Luke paused to admire the view of her soft curves before slowly reaching over to draw back the drapes on their right ... and then to their left. His eyes never left hers as he gauged her reaction to the exposure. Cinda felt naked, displayed, and incredibly aroused as she saw the rooms open up beside them. The rational part of her wanted to shield her vulnerabilities from this virile man and others who might be watching, but her hips betrayed her as they began to writhe under Luke's heated stare. Before her thoughts could continue, he swiftly buried his mouth between her thighs, causing her eyes to flutter closed as she groaned loudly. His tongue lapped her up as his fingers probed her wetness and easily slid inside to find her sensitive folds of pleasure. Lost in desire, Cinda realized that her eyes had locked onto the scene of a man and a woman masturbating each other in the room next door as they watched Luke's head dipped down to her core. Being separated by glass walls made it seem less real, less threatening. She boldly watched them and felt her pleasure mount even higher as she saw the effect that she was having on them, as Luke masterfully took over her body and muted her mind. Suddenly, her body reacted in a primal response as her orgasm exploded; causing an exquisite release of the tensions she had been holding inside for too long. She cried out, arching her back and grabbing handfuls of Luke's dark wavy hair as she rode the waves of seemingly endless pleasure.
As her moans began to subside, Luke gently kissed the inside of both of her thighs before standing to quickly shed the black slacks that his full erection had been straining against. Authoritatively, he flipped her still-trembling body over so that she was on her knees, with her glistening pussy open and ready for him. His swollen cock pulsed as he roughly yanked open the last row of drapes, exposing them to the central room. With a growl, he sank himself deep inside her, causing them both to gasp as her tightness stretched to accommodate him.
Cinda panted as he sheathed himself fully and deeply inside her, filling her more than she had ever experienced. She was vaguely aware that the curtains had all been opened wide, but her earlier inhibitions seemed to have vanished in the heat of passion. Never had she felt so free and wanton! Always one to be in control of her situations, Cinda was lost to this man and his prowess. Ass up, she reached back to touch herself as she felt her pleasure mounting with each of his thrusts. Luke grabbed her hips firmly as he rode her hard, in a way that felt like he was trying to satisfy a deep need. Her breath began to quicken as she worked her clit and was dimly aware of similar sounds of pleasure coming from their audience. Her insides began to tighten down around his hard cock as she lost herself again, calling out as she felt herself reach higher in a full body release.
Drained, she collapsed on the bed, eyes shut as she came down from the aftershocks after having come with such intensity. Luke rolled her onto her back as she became aware of his shaft, still rigid and tall, pressing against her hip as he slid her up onto the bed. He crawled up between her legs and caressed his strong hands up the back of her thighs and under her hips as he lifted her damp pussy up to meet his throbbing cock. Opening her eyes in surprise, Cinda felt him slide inside her again, this time more gently. It didn't seem possible that she could take anymore, but as he slowly rolled his hips into her, she felt every delicious inch of him, and let herself be taken over for the third time.
Moving with a slow precision, Luke thrust himself fully inside her welcoming warmth before withdrawing almost completely from her raised hips. He reached down and lightly flicked her swollen clit, seeming pleased at her sudden intake of breath. She felt his hard length deep inside her once again before his dick pulled out completely. With a low growl, he swiftly raised her hips higher to meet his mouth as he knelt before her. Supported only by her shoulders on the bed, her body continued to respond to his sensual assault as his tongue traced slow, wide circles around the over sensitive pleasure zone. She felt helpless with her legs thrown over his shoulders, but couldn't help submitting completely to this man who had taken over her senses. Reaching back over her head, she grabbed the edge of the mattress to brace herself against his lapping, torturous tongue. Eyes closed, she moaned at the overwhelming sensation of it all.
As suddenly as he had begun, his mouth stopped as he lowered her hips down to meet his rigid, throbbing cock. Slowly easing into her, Luke's strong, muscular hands slid over her bottom and up her back, lifting her torso up to him, forcing her to ride astride his hips. Sitting on the bed as Cinda's legs wrapped around his back, Luke's hands gripped her ass to guide her pussy up and down his slick dick. Finding herself staring into his tumultuous eyes and considering the secrets they concealed, she reveled in the fullness of him inside her. Having tried to break through his protective façade for weeks with her work, it dazed her to find herself so intimate with this man, who still felt like a stranger to her. Even more bizarre was that she couldn't bring herself to worry over her sudden lack of modesty as she engaged in kinky sex with an associate. It just felt like so much more.
Enjoying the view and ride, even the slightest move stirred her from deep within. She let her hands explore his broad chest, tracing across the signet and around to his muscular back, letting her nails lightly scratch down his spine. Emboldened by the moan this evoked, Cinda began to move her hips in a deeper rhythm with his, and bent her head to kiss along his masculine jaw line and down the tensed muscles in his neck.
With a growl, Luke buried his fists in her long brown hair, pulling her head slightly back to take her lips in a commanding kiss. His tongue plunged inside her mouth, allowing her to taste herself on him, a sensation that ignited a new boldness inside of Cinda. Her tongue met his, just as her hips met his, thrust for thrust. Panting with desire, she placed her palms against his chest and gently pushed him back, until he was lying back on the bed staring up at her straddling him, his hard shaft still embedded inside her.
Brazen with passion, Cinda rose her hips up from his dick, allowing just the tip to remain inside, and paused, searching his face, bathing in the raw sexuality of this powerful man. She arched her back, causing her full breasts to rise up before she swiftly dropped down, burying him to the hilt. Evoking a deep moan of pleasure from him as he reached up to cup her tits, Cinda repeated the slow ascent, followed by a fast fullness deep inside her. She became momentarily distracted as she caught sight of the audience that had been enjoying their heated moments, creating moments of their own with the arousal. Cinda was in full view as she rode this magnificent man, and she couldn't have imagined the pure, unadulterated pleasure that she felt. Her eyes fluttered down and found him regarding her with desire as his hips began to buck beneath her. His rhythm started slow as he rocked her above him, caressing the underside of her breasts as they bounced along with his thrusts. He began to build momentum, and Cinda had no other choice but to ride his heated flesh in time with his needs, allowing him to control her mounting tension, even from below. As his hips reached a frantic pace, Luke reached down to press on her swollen clit. The mere pressure from his fingers was enough to trigger the explosion that had been gathering and building deep inside her. Cinda threw her head back with a scream as her body splintered around him. He buried himself fully inside her warmth, allowing her pleasure to milk his cock in a release that drained him. Reaching up, he clutched her down to his chest, both of them heaving with deep breaths as their bodies melted together.
Through a haze, Cinda felt Luke envelop her in his strong arms as she lay on his chest. She felt him kiss the top of her head, as she struggled to catch her breath. They were still joined together, though his presence was less demanding as the pulsing faded. The control that he had wielded over her body was a shockingly welcome domination. Never before had she felt so entirely consumed or empowered. Her mind was reeling just as much as her spent body, but she was at ease. With a sigh, Cinda kissed Luke's chest as he lightly rubbed her back. Lifting her head, she met his sated gaze and knew, without a fraction of a doubt, that Luke Lawson was her destiny.
**Many thanks to Bert_Fegg for his amazing editing prowess**