***Author's Note: Everyone in this story is 18.***
June
Lauren was in the middle of the best kind of high. It was mellow and all of the colors were in technicolor. The sun sparkled on the lake and the breeze caressed her skin, sending shivers of delight down her body. She thought it was the most perfect day to lie in the sun and Lauren inched her bare toes out just a tiny bit more. Like this, fully stretched to her full five foot seven length, she basked in the warm sun like she had never basked before.
She was finally here; the fantasy in all of its magnificence had come to life. Mrs. Preston had a professor friend at Northwestern who had been kind enough to lie to the McCullums. All it took was one phone call and Lauren's mom and dad had given Lauren their blessing about the summer internship in the math department. Lauren knew that she should be ashamed because they had both seemed to be so impressed.
"See, keeping your nose to the grindstone pays off," her dad had said with his bushy eyebrows pulled into the perpetual scowl that Lauren found so familiar. Even when he was happy, he looked miserable.
Yeah, whatever you say dad, Lauren had thought when she was alone in her room.
Mrs. Preston hadn't wanted to lie. She had a whole plan about coming to the McCullum's house and telling them the truth. Worse, she talked about having them over for dinner at their penthouse apartment. Lauren had felt her pulse race in her throat when her lover had talked that crazy talk. Thankfully, Mr. Preston must have sensed Lauren's panic, maybe because his hands had been on her hips as she had sat in his lap.
Mr. Preston was always the voice of reason and he stopped her with a kind smile. He had told his wife, "You absolutely can't do that Sharon. What are you going to say? We want to kidnap your beautiful daughter for the summer and make love with her in every way possible?"
Lauren had felt the vibration in his body as he said the words. Yes, yes, yes she had instinctively pushed her cheeks into him and wondered which of her lovers would peel her panties down and how many minutes would it take? They were insatiable for each other.
So the summer internship had been born. Before they left for Lake Geneva, Mrs. Preston had taken her shopping for a full summer wardrobe. The price tags had left her feeling panicked as she mentally calculated how much money the Prestons were spending on her, at least until Mrs. Preston told her to stop with a knowing grin. Lauren still couldn't figure out where she would be going to need so many clothes, especially since they spent so much time naked. She had hung them all carefully in the closet in her very own room just the same.
When the Prestons had said that it was just a summer house on the lake, Lauren had thought it would be a little cabin. It was like when they told her about going out on the boat, she thought it would be a fishing boat. No, she should know by now that everything was larger than life. The house was larger than their apartment, with four bedrooms and four baths. There was a pool and a hot tub and a view of the water that looked like a movie. Even with all of the room though, Lauren was almost always close to the Prestons. She had her own room but so far, it was just storage space for the clothes. She slept in bed with the Prestons.
Something ice cold dripped on her calf and she jumped back into the present. Mr. Preston broke into a laugh and handed her a cold can of Coke, wet with condensation. "Sorry, I've been calling your name but you didn't say anything." Lauren moved into a seated position as she cracked open the soda. "Did I get you too high?" he asked her with a tender kiss on her cheek.
Lauren giggled, "What's that?" She took a sip. It felt good, the icy, cold liquid in her throat. It was almost 85 degrees today and on the white deck of the boat, where the sun reflected, it seemed much warmer. Her mouth was dry from the sun and smoking weed and she wanted it to be wet for kissing him. "It's so beautiful here," she murmured as she took it all in. The lake was a dark, thundercloud blue and almost black as she stared into it. Lake Geneva was much bluer than Lake Michigan, which most often looked almost gray. The strip of beach in town was white sand instead of rocks and pebbles, which was mostly the beach that Lauren was used to. She'd never been to the Caribbean but she felt like she was somewhere far away from Chicago.
There were a lot of boats on the lake today, it was pretty crowded actually. Lauren had a good look at a large sailboat on the right side of them and a pontoon boat right behind them. The pontoon boat had at least twenty people on deck and at the moment, everyone seemed a little out of focus. Like maybe the whole world was a little high on Mr. Preston's magical weed combination. And drunk on love.
"I always thought it was beautiful here," Mr. Preston said as he eased back into his deck chair. "Maybe it's not the most exciting place in the world but that's why it's so charming." He looked at Lauren over the tops of his sunglasses and added, "it's awfully exciting right now though."
Lauren honed in on that gaze. Mr. Preston went to the office four days a week and Lauren found herself aching for him by the time Thursday night rolled around. It seemed almost as if he'd done something to her, taken control of her body in some way that she didn't understand. When he came home, her pussy throbbed as she watched his Jaguar pull into the driveway. Her clitoris stood at attention for him when he entered the house. Her nipples sent waves of longing that rippled down her breasts all the way to her back. She didn't feel like she could contain her desire, it was too big for her. It felt all consuming. "It's perfect," she told him in a quiet voice and both she and Mr. Preston knew why. It was the queen and she was headed their way.
"Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches," Mrs. Preston announced and pointed at the platter of food that she'd made below deck. "I've also got turkey and cheese and a chicken salad on wheat."
Both Lauren and Mr. Preston moaned, "Peanut butter and jelly," in unison. It sounded like they were on the verge of something orgasmic.
The queen snickered as she took a seat in the deck chair on the other side of her husband. Mrs. Preston was always the epitome of elegance, Lauren thought. She couldn't help but radiate this quiet, classy sheen; it came from somewhere deep down. Today, she wore a purple bathing suit, but Lauren was pretty sure the color was called "eggplant" or "crushed velvet". It was a one piece that hugged her breasts and accentuated how firm they were. The legs were cut high, almost to her waist and the effect was absolutely miles of gleaming legs. Her long hair was up in a bun on the top of her head. Lauren knew by now that when she unpinned it later, Mrs. Preston's black hair would uncoil and it would still smell of the shampoo from the morning. Lauren would drink down her scent like wine. It was just one more intoxicating scent that Lauren couldn't get enough of.
"So good," Lauren mumbled between bites. The high was dissolving slowly. She felt wrapped in a cocoon, warm and blanketed and under it, the current of sex pulsed between the three of them. Everything was perfect, as it had been ever since she'd been taken to their bed.
"You guys are such potheads," Mrs. Preston rolled her eyes at them both in mock exasperation.
"Dude," Mr. Preston did his impression of a kid Lauren's age, "You're harshin' my buzz." They all exploded into laughter at that. Lauren sat back with a smirk on her face and watched her king and queen. The most magical thing of all was that she really liked the Prestons. They were actually fun just to hang out with too; they were fun and interesting and they were both smart. On top of that, Lauren could tell they really loved each other. That fact had brought the world tumbling down over Lauren's head, it wasn't like what she'd thought at all.
People can like kinky sex and still be good people, Lauren was still oddly amazed that it wasn't actually a dichotomy at all. Not just good people, but two people could love each other in a way that somehow hung in a whole different space. They could have sex with other people and even love other people and somehow that didn't threaten or degrade their love at all. It just made it more beautiful in a way that Lauren couldn't explain.
"Honey, do you want me to bring you a cover up?" Mrs. Preston asked. Mrs. Preston called Lauren honey and sweetheart when they were out and about. She called her concubine and love slave and lover and little girl when they were naked.
Lauren crinkled her brow, "Should I?" she kind of liked the idea of a real tan this summer instead of her usual milk white.
"Don't do it," Mr. Preston looked her up and down again, over his Raybans. He wore only green shorts and the rest of her king was gloriously bare. "You should always just wear a bikini," he murmured and shifted his cock to the other side. Of course, Mr. Preston was darkly tanned and didn't have to bother covering anything.
They had just made love this morning but he was already aroused. She wore the smallest bikini that she'd ever seen and she lay face down, with her ass out. Lauren knew how Mr. Preston felt about her bottom. It hardly seemed right to tease him like that.
The bikini was a blue green color that Mrs. Preston insisted was the color of Lauren's eyes, sometimes more green, sometimes more blue. It had ruffled straps that came down to a band that just covered her nipples. The suit left the underneath curve of her small teacup shaped breasts exposed. The bottom part of the bikini was the same design. It was two flounces, just along her hips and then just a band of material that Lauren's ass cheeks swallowed up entirely. Even though she spent a good deal of her time with the Prestons in the nude, the bikini seemed to be extra naked.
Mrs. Preston made no secret of her desire. Even though she and the queen made love for hours at a time, like this, her gaze was heated. Mrs. Preston and her husband held hands as she carefully studied Lauren's body. Her lover purred, "Don't get me wrong, I love looking at you like this," the queen whispered. "I just know what happens to your skin when you sun worship."
Lauren nodded in agreement. Still, there was the idea of her body all nicely browned. "I never had a tan before," she said. Lauren had never had a summer of leisure either. She had always been too busy working so that she'd have extra money. On top of that, she had always babysat and done all of the other drudgery that the oldest of six is expected to do.
"She'll be fine," Mr. Preston whispered and kissed his wife on the forehead.
"At least let me put some sunblock on you, sweetheart," Mrs. Preston looked at her with adoration. Lauren knew now, after the time that she had shared alone with Mrs. Preston, she was more and more familiar with her queen. Lauren knew her looks and the tone of her voice when she was turned on and right now, her lover was simmering.
Lauren thought of Mrs. Preston casually rubbing lotion all over her body. Mrs. Preston's knowing fingers that were so adept, so skillful, so loving on all of the sensitive places on Lauren's body; who could refuse? Protection from the sun was just one more benefit. "That would be wonderful," she told her with a wide grin.
Mrs. Preston made room for Lauren on her deck chair. Once Lauren sat down, both of the Prestons moved in closer. It felt like they always were touching. They had an easy intimacy and Lauren noticed after their first time or two together that she felt at home with her lovers. Nothing was contrived and she didn't have to hide her true self or her feelings. They loved her; that was all.
Lauren took her sunglasses off and set them to the side. She scooped her hair up, curly and wild and streaked from the little bit of sun she'd gotten lately. She hung it down the front of her body as she gave her back to Mrs. Preston. The wind caressed her skin and the queen touched her with something slippery and cool that made every nerve come to life. The sound of the lotion being rubbed slowly into Lauren's neck was an aphrodisiac. It wasn't that she was high, Lauren realized. Everything was intense and they were all finely tuned to recent sights and sounds and scents of lovemaking. At first, Lauren was almost sure that it was because the Prestons had so much experience with these kinds of situations but Mrs. Preston told her after a long, rainy afternoon between the sheets, "No Lauren. It's because we love you."
Mr. Preston watched as his wife ran her soft hands over Lauren's neck and shoulders. "Are we thinking of going somewhere for lunch or should we just stay on board?" Mr. Preston was the official planner when he was in town. He seemed to have taken on the role naturally and always made sure that everything was perfect.
Mrs. Preston let out a long sigh as she moved her hands around the bikini top. "I can't imagine anywhere else I'd rather be," she said with a long sigh.
"So can we just tell Bob to keep it in neutral?" Mr. Preston wondered.
Mrs. Preston answered with a low groan as her hands melted down Lauren's waist. Her touch set Lauren on fire. Just this, putting on sunblock, even after a morning of the Prestons and their mouths all over her body, Lauren ached for more.
Mr. Preston let out a low laugh and gave Bob the thumbs up sign. Bob, who had introduced himself to Lauren as Roberto, was the husband of Anna, the cleaning lady. Roberto drove Lauren and Mrs. Preston places sometimes, like a chauffeur. He also mowed the huge lawn on a riding lawnmower. Anna cleaned and went grocery shopping and tended to the flowers in the front of the house. They lived in the smaller house further down the property. Lauren sometimes wondered what Roberto and Anna thought about the situation. It was obvious, wasn't it? There were never two beds to make. Or had they just witnessed so many lovers while in the Prestons employ that they didn't even notice?
Lauren watched as Roberto gave Mr. Preston the thumbs up back. As Mrs. Preston's hands circled Lauren's thighs, she closed her eyes and wondered if Bob was hard as he stared at the three of them.
Mr. Preston asked her softly, "Can I take this top off?" His voice was husky and low, it was his bedroom voice and it radiated a tingle in Lauren's nipples.
Everyone would see though, Lauren thought and felt her forehead crease with worry. Bob wasn't the only one in close proximity. The lake was full of boats of all kinds. The pontoon boat was the closest to them and it seemed as though they were having a party. There were people on jet skis and wave runners and fishermen and sunbathers and suddenly, they all seemed to be very close.
"Too much?" Mr. Preston wanted to know. His body sparkled in the sun and Lauren couldn't look away. Her king had a glistening, black pelt of chest hair. His skin was dark and tanned and his smile was gentle. God, he was handsome, as handsome as Mrs. Preston was beautiful. He always seemed larger than life and protective of both Lauren and his wife. She knew that he'd never let anything happen to her, but still, did she want them all to see her?
Lauren felt apprehensive but she nodded. She felt Mrs. Preston's fingers stop their easy caress on her upper thighs. "Yes, you can take it off," Lauren whispered and held her hair up so that he would easily find the hook in the middle of her back.
Mr. Preston was pleased and he was noticeably hard in the front of his shorts. Lauren's body was attune to both; nothing made her more wet and aroused than pleasuring her king. He pulled her close and kissed her mouth. As he opened her lips with his hot, insistent tongue, his hands reached behind and slid the hook open.
The breeze on her bare nipples was something new and her whole body felt the chill. Lauren had never been even close to naked outside and she looked down with a gasp as the air touched her. She giggled and watched her nipples harden magically, almost as if the wind was another mouth or a tongue.
Mr. Preston liked the sight of her little buds when they sprang to life right before his eyes. He hummed and nodded and again, shifted his enormous cock to the side. The scent of sex was in the air and the whole world seemed to have slowed down to take a look at her half nude body. Lauren couldn't hear the wave runners anymore, all she could hear was her pulse throb in her eardrums.
It was like they were announcing it to the world; they were a threesome, a ménage. Ménage a trois was another phrase that Lauren had recently learned and she thought it was almost a magical phrase, like abracadabra. Being like this, being touched and kissed by both of them, half naked and completely in the light was a bold, new move. They were telling everyone that she belonged to the Prestons. She was theirs and they didn't have to hide what they did in a love nest, under the cover of darkness, away from prying eyes anymore. They were right out in the open.
Mrs. Preston brought her lotion sticky hands up to Lauren's nipples and circled them slowly. The woman had such an amazing touch, Lauren was addicted to it. The two of them were so different in bed. Mr. Preston's sex seemed insistent and powerful. It came with a sudden force that claimed everything, like he was a typhoon of hot lust. Mrs. Preston was like the persistent patter of a rainy day. She was gentle and dreamy and easy with short bursts of a downpour. It was sometimes in the middle of a long, wet afternoon that Lauren would sometimes lose herself and wonder where her body stopped and Mrs. Preston's began. Lauren felt it now, the beginning of a dizzying ride of ecstasy with both of them. Mrs. Preston fondled Lauren's pink stony nubs and said in her deepest voice, "We wouldn't want those to get burned now, would we?"
Lauren lay back in her arms and rested her right hand on Mrs. Preston's thigh. Her eyes were on Mr. Preston and she couldn't stop staring at his erection in the shorts. Lauren's thighs opened up for him without her even thinking of it. It was her body's natural response, a concubine, always ready, she invited her king to partake of all of her delights.
Lauren's lower lips opened involuntarily when she thought of his cock. Just the word was enough and her clitoris felt the strum when she said it in her mind. The molten need pulsed right there, insistent and heavy and swollen. She didn't think she could close her legs now, it would be too uncomfortable.
"Beautiful," he said and Lauren knew that he felt her desire, even with the bit of fabric that still wrapped her pussy up from his view. Mr. Preston reached between her legs; right there in the sunshine on a crystal clear day, right in front of everyone. He knew Lauren. He knew that the hot, beating pearl between her lips was always in a state of arousal when he was nearby. The sultan made a slow circle around her clit and listened to Lauren's soft moan. She was wet and hard in her tiny bikini bottoms, obvious and almost naked. She burned between her legs and she wanted to be free and naked for him, for both of them.
Mrs. Preston continued her slow, steady circles that traced every ridge and valley of Lauren's areolas. "I just love these little titties," the dark haired woman said between hot kisses that ran up and down Lauren's neck.
"Yeah, baby!" a deep voice shouted.
The catcall rang out above the sound of the boats in the water. There was a young man who wore shorts and a life preserver on a smaller fishing boat. He was close enough to see everything. He didn't have to remove his sunglasses for Lauren to know that he was studying her body. As she looked over the lake, it suddenly felt that they were all close enough to watch the whole thing.
She blushed and felt herself rise a little, just enough to give him a little bit more to see. "Yeah, you're fucking hot!" the young man said with a grin. He grabbed a beer from the cooler. He gestured to Lauren with it, as if he were toasting her bare breasts before he popped it open.
"You are fucking hot," Mrs. Preston told Lauren as she kneaded the softness between her breasts and hips.
There was another voice, "two girls!"
And then a "whoo hoo!" from another boat.
Everyone in the party on the pontoon boat straight ahead could see that Lauren was half naked and that Mrs. Preston caressed her tender buds.
"Whoo hoo," Mr. Preston repeated quietly as he took his sunglasses off. "I think someone has some fans," he came in closer. His big body radiated warmth, he was the heat of the sun and the temperature rose between them. It was their chemistry and Lauren was immediately ready to melt between them. She loved to be the object of their hands and mouths, she loved to be their beloved.
The band between her legs felt like it was dug into her flesh. The bikini was always tight but now it felt constricting. Lauren wanted to take it off and once she thought about it, she bit her bottom lip nervously. Take it off, she told herself, take it off and show them. It seemed wrong and indescribably delicious all at the same time. But what about her lovers, did they really want her that exposed? So far, neither of them had ever reprimanded her once, They hadn't ever even given her a disappointed glance. There had been nothing to suggest that she was anything less than adored. God, she didn't want to disappoint them, the thought made her parched.
Mr. Preston had the gleam in his eye, the one that made her nipples ache and her inner thighs shiver. Lauren followed the devilish gleam and the intoxicated grin and stood between the Prestons. Her plump bottom almost touched Mrs. Preston's mouth and it most assuredly would later. Her bulging crotch was an inch or two from Mr. Preston's mouth and his gaze was lusty, he was mesmerized and one glance at Lauren's face and he knew.
She hooked her thumbs into the top of the bikini panties and shifted her hips back and forth as she eased the tiny, ruffled bottoms down, over her hips. Lauren had to wiggle to get the material out of her crack. It was a cute little flourish that the fans on Lake Geneva greeted with whistles and groans and words like, "Nice ass!" and, "Permission to come aboard?" and the ever popular, "Aye, aye Captain."
Lauren felt her face, her cheeks were warm and she felt a little bashful but her body had come to life. Her pussy dripped down her legs as the wind had its way with her. She felt the sun on her crack and her hair was tossed about her naked body as her legs were caressed by the Prestons.
"Oh honey," Mrs. Preston whispered into Lauren's right cheek as she brought her fingers up to Lauren's splayed lower lips. "We've got our own little exhibitionist," the dark haired woman told her husband and then sighed as she slipped her finger inside Lauren's sopping cunt.
The fans saw what was taking place. Lauren didn't try to hide it, her body was no longer able to do anything but surrender to pleasure. She moved her legs a little further apart to give Mrs. Preston more access, more and more, anything she wanted, everything she wanted. The shouts got louder and there were suggestions to. Calls of "Eat that pussy," "Eat her ass," "Fuck her hard," and Lauren heard them all. She still blushed but for some reason, she felt far away from it all, like it was something she was watching on television. What was real was Mrs. Preston's delightful finger that knew just how to coax her to move her hips back and forth with that little fluttering movement inside. What was real was watching Mr. Preston as he kneaded her breasts with a helpless expression on his face. He touched her until he was in a frenzy and grabbed his hard cock once again, grit his teeth and then returned to her breasts again.
Lauren tilted her head back and felt her hair spill down Mrs. Preston's body. The sun shone down on her and Lauren thought that she must glow, she must radiate desire and love as the finger became two. Mrs. Preston fucked her deep, deep, shallow then deep, deep shallow once more. All the while, the queen beckoned to Lauren from inside, from the place that made her pussy pulse.
Lauren shivered as the sensations wound up and down her spine. Mrs. Preston's fingers inside felt like a thousand fingers. They were fingers that knew her. They were fingers that loved her. They were her lover's fingers that had followed her through a hundred nights and a thousand dirty dreams. The cry was ripped from the dark place that Lauren, the good girl, had always kept hidden away from prying eyes. "Oh god yes," she sobbed in a loud, clear voice and gasped as the deluge of her ecstasy let loose and she doused Mrs. Preston's fingers with creamy cum.
The catcalls became applause and wolf whistles and cries of, "Fuck yeah!" and "I'll be right up." The waves of Lauren's climax pounded and she squeezed her little vagina tightly around the intruding, invasive, inviting fingers. She shuddered again and again and with each wave came something else, the feeling of exposure. Everyone knew now. She came, right here in front of so many strangers. She came with a woman. She came and the juices ran down her bare legs and Lauren rocked back on her heels and reached out to grab onto something to keep her from falling.
Mr. Preston grabbed her and whispered, "Baby love," as his big, strong hands kept her on solid ground.
Mrs. Preston's fingers were still inside but they had stopped twitching. The woman rested her forehead on Lauren's juicy cheeks and her breath washed down her bare, sensitive skin. "Oh my goodness," Mrs. Preston giggled and slipped her fingers from inside Lauren. "What's gotten into us? We never do this kind of stuff."
"We're getting younger," Mr. Preston murmured as he took Lauren by the hand. "She's the fountain of youth," he whispered and grazed Lauren's knuckles with his mouth.
The catcalls continued and now that Lauren had come back down to earth, she felt like her whole body was blushing. She looked up at Roberto and noticed that his eyes were greedily eating up every inch of her. With an expression like that on his face, he had to be close to whipping his cock out and jacking off all over. How could she ever see him in the driver's seat and not remember that hard edged stare he gave her now? "Can we go below deck?" Lauren mumbled and hid her face in Mr. Preston's chest
"I never thought you'd ask," he said and tucked her hair behind her shoulder. As the catcalls and whistles got louder, Mr. Preston picked her up in his arms. One forearm under her knees and one on her back he carried her to the stairs.
The whistles just got louder but when the three of them began to descend, out of sight, there were groans of disappointment. "Lucky fucker," one man called out and Mr. Preston grinned.
"You really are," his wife said once Mr. Preston had laid Lauren carefully in the center of the bed, "a lucky fucker." This bed was considerably smaller than the bed they shared at home. It had been made with crisp, white sheets and there were two pillows side by side. Mr. Preston left the lights off but the sunlight still trickled in here and the bed was half lit, half dark. Lauren watched the line of light run down the center of her body.
"Don't I know it," the king murmured with a smile. Mr. Preston took no time removing his shorts. His beautiful dick was completely hard and it throbbed at Lauren and dripped a clear line of precum. He stared at her like an animal in heat. He reached between his legs and first cupped and then moved his big, pink meaty balls. Lauren thought that they must be uncomfortable, being that full. "What did our little concubine think?" Mr. Preston wanted to know. "How did it feel, to be so exposed? Having an orgasm like that for the whole world to see?"
Lauren loved that there was no hiding any of it now. The lust, the heat, the unbridled passion they felt for each other was on display. "It made me wet, thinking about people knowing about us."
Mrs. Preston carefully peeled the straps of her purple swimsuit down her arms. Her breasts popped free and bounced into place and her nipples were like another pair of eyes on Lauren. Deep, cherry red and pointed, they always hardened at the sight of Lauren's young, nude body. Lauren knew now, just by the expression on her face, that Mrs. Preston was soaking wet. Yes, she could smell it as her dark haired lover peeled the swimsuit to the floor. The scent of her longing that clung to her black bush, the secret, sweet pelt that Lauren loved to stroke and rub against her face and lips. She smelled of want and liquid kisses. "You liked them knowing?" Mrs. Preston asked quietly as she approached the bed. "You want them to know that we're lovers?"
Lauren nodded and held her hands over her bare lips, clinching her thighs tightly together as the sensation washed over her. "Yes, I want them to know. I don't want to hide anymore. I want to be free to love you both like this."
"Our sweet girl," Mr. Preston came to the bed on his knees and grabbed her calf. He kissed Lauren's instep and then her inner knee. With his other hand, he clasped Mrs. Preston's face and all the while, he dripped his slippery precum on both of them.
The queen collapsed on the sheet next to Lauren. It was almost as if the want had overcome her as well. Mrs. Preston couldn't do anything but lay in the bed. She couldn't wait, she had to be pleasured right now. Mrs. Preston held her cum coated hand up to her husband's mouth. Lauren watched as he slipped her fingers inside and sucked Lauren's sweetness from his wife's skin. Mrs. Preston begged them both in a parched whisper, "Please, please go down on me."
Neither Mr. Preston or Lauren would ever deny her a thing and both groaned in unison as Mr. Preston licked her fingers clean. They moved in synchronicity down her body. They had the same urgency that her request required, the same sense of need. Lauren would sometimes spend an hour kissing Mrs. Preston from her cleavage to her belly but this was a command and there was no time to waste.
Lauren and her king took their places between Mrs. Preston's open thighs. Lauren slipped one soft thigh between Mr. Preston's bristly, hard legs and they both moaned. Contented, like this, it seemed like everything was right in the world as Lauren moved her leg and felt his hot, heavy ballsack stir. His scent of need rose to her nostrils and she pulsed and wet his leg. Her king.
Lauren bowed her head in worship and she and Mr. Preston melted their tongues together over Mrs. Preston's sopping wet, black bush. They kissed and touched their feverish mouths together and then apart. Their tongues caressed and then both delved along the edge of Mrs. Preston's swollen, needy lower lips.
Mr. Preston had one large hand on his wife's hip and with the other, he brought Lauren's nipple to a sharp, throbbing point. Lauren kept her thigh between his legs and she slid it back and forth while she licked Mrs. Preston. Her leg caressed his heavy sack, so full of cum, so hot and ready to burst.
Lauren's hands were for her queen and she introduced her index and second finger deep inside Mrs. Preston's melting pussy. She pushed both fingers inside, all the way to her knuckles without hesitation. She knew what Mrs. Preston needed, she knew what the queen craved. Fingers and mouths and slippery, soft kisses with two tongues and her hard clitoris, Mrs. Preston's body sung with delight. As she fingered the dark haired woman, Lauren wrapped her other leg around Mrs. Preston so that she could slide her hungry cunt up and down Mrs. Preston's muscular leg.
Lauren and Mr. Preston kissed and the tips of their tongues met and melded as they moaned out loud. Their spit mingled and hot saliva ran from both of their mouths and spilled down Mrs. Preston's nakedness. The dark haired woman cried out, "God yes, please." Both Lauren and Mr. Preston gave her their mouths entirely.
They spread her fat, meaty pussy lips apart with their noses and mouths. She was so beautiful like this, exposed and gleaming in the sunlight that danced down the center of her body and illuminated her like an angel. Mrs. Preston's beautiful, big clitoris was red. The red of need and swollen with her craving and it quivered as the two mouths approached.
Lauren licked her clit from bottom to top and let her wet mouth puddle her drool. Lauren felt it spill onto Mrs. Preston's thighs. Mr. Preston groaned with his mouth open and licked her exactly as Lauren had, copying her with his hungry mouth. Lauren and Mr. Preston stared into each other's eyes as their kiss of three continued. She was a good concubine like this. She was the perfect love slave for her king and queen and Lauren bathed her lover's clitoris with her wet mouth and tongue. She knew that she could cum, just like this, just from tasting.
Mr. Preston closed his lips around his wife's fluttering bud and Lauren could feel how much sucking her off excited him. Her excitement stoked his pleasure and the heat in his sack grew the harder that he sucked. Mrs. Preston's hips rose and trembled, the current was there, so close to the surface, so ready to burst.
Mr. Preston released her and smacked his lips. He kissed Lauren with a shiny chin, drenched with his wife's juices. They shared her flavor and Mr. Preston's eyes glowed with heat and wickedness as he took his hand from Lauren's breasts and placed it on the back of her head. He pushed her down, he held Lauren in place and commanded her with a whisper. "Show me. Show me what a good concubine you are, my beloved."
It was the fantasy and the ache between Lauren's legs made her whinny as her mouth suckled eagerly. Mrs. Preston's taste was familiar; her scent of lovemaking, her delectable, milky flavor and Lauren wanted nothing more than to drink it down.
Mrs. Preston's inner thighs trembled and Mr. Preston groaned as he held Lauren's head. Lauren kept her mouth there, her lips tight and wet with the dark haired woman's molten liquid of desire. Mrs. Preston's clitoris pulsed in Lauren's mouth and swelled and the heat and luscious ache between them was there. Her lover was at the pinnacle, much too much to go on. Someone was about to explode.
"My god," Mrs. Preston gasped and baptized Lauren's mouth with the first flood of her quivering need. Mr. Preston pulled Lauren's mouth back and kissed her quickly. Then he sucked his wife hard as she moaned and the climax pounded down her body. Then he turned to Lauren and the two of them kissed. They both finished Mrs. Preston off and they sucked every last droplet of their queen's delicious orgasm.
Lauren sunk her head to the soaked sheets below. "My queen," she murmured against Mrs. Preston's damp thigh. She was thirsty for more and held her tongue out. Lauren hovered right over Mrs. Preston's juicy, dark pink inner lips. Everything was open and on display and Mrs. Preston was in heat and ready to mate. Sometimes like this, Lauren could suck for an hour or more.
Mr. Preston had waited long enough though and the man smelled of rutting and longing and cum. His large, robust body moved up alongside his wife and without a moment's hesitation, he lay on his side, behind Mrs. Preston, and impaled her with his huge cock in one swift, unmerciful thrust.
Mrs. Preston quivered and screamed. "Mark, fuck," she dug her nails into his thigh as he drove his cock completely home once more. These were hard, almost punishing blows. Mr. Preston pulled completely out and then rocked his wife's hips forward with the force as he slammed inside.
He was unhinged with lust and greed and he buried his face in Mrs. Preston's black hair. The words that came from him, sharp exclamations, guttural, harsh sounds. This was rutting like a bull, fucking like a dog in heat. It would have been rape if Mrs. Preston wasn't begging for more. Lauren watched as Mr. Preston held the queen's throat and he controlled her very breath. Mrs. Preston gasped with pleasure as he drove his magnificent cock home inside her.
Lauren settled over her queen and melted into Mrs. Preston's slippery, sweaty body. When her clitoris slipped up alongside Mrs. Preston's and their hips sealed together, the pleasure was dizzying. Lauren humped and rubbed herself against Mrs. Preston's heat and wetness. Mr. Preston's animal grunts seemed to enter Lauren's body as well and she worked her hips back and forth, faster and faster. Even though she'd just cum in front of the whole world, Lauren was desperate for another. The longing in her little bead of a clit was hot, it clamored for friction, for him and her. For all of it.
Mrs. Preston tapped her husband's arm, her breath gone, the ecstasy had taken everything, even her oxygen. When he removed his hand there were deeply red marks on Mrs. Preston's throat and Lauren knew she'd kiss them each later. The queen inhaled deeply and moaned, her chest was as red as her cheeks, her whole body blushed with orgasms.
"My god, Mark," Mrs. Preston cried out. She sounded shocked, maybe even frightened and her husband let out a noise that anyone would be scared of as he exploded deep into her. Lauren melted into them, into their bodies. She held them both as her hips rocked and she felt as if she were taking both climaxes into her dripping body. The pleasure coursed in and through and out as they became one pulse of ecstasy.
One breath.
One kiss.
Lauren opened her mouth and caught Mr. Preston's tongue and licked him into her mouth. Then Mrs. Preston's lips got a slow meander of Lauren's tongue. As their breath died down and became slow and easy, Lauren kissed her way to the center. There, her lovers were still joined, Mr. Preston was still buried inside the queen's pussy and Lauren thought that she'd never seen anything more beautiful. She pressed her mouth to them, to both of them. She let her tongue lead the way as she licked Mrs. Preston's loose lips and then wound her way to Mr. Preston's empty, soft balls. Lauren knew that eventually, Mr. Preston would soften enough that his juicy cock would slide from Mrs. Preston's crevice and the deluge of his salty cream would pour from her secret places. Lauren would wait here for it and feel the hot rain of their commingled delight drip down her face and neck.
But there was no hurry now. They had all afternoon. They lay in a huddle of sweaty flesh and panted in time as the orgasm crashed and ebbed, back and forth, a pleasure as new and yet as old as the tide itself.
***
It was easy to forget what day it was when it was just Lauren and Mrs. Preston. For a woman who only relaxed right after she came, Lauren thought she must be coming a lot because sometimes, they hardly got out of bed.
This morning seemed like it might be one of those lazy days. A day where minutes became hours of perpetual kisses. A day of new orgasms that Mrs. Preston delighted in helping Lauren discover. Lauren was curled up in her lover's arms, hidden away in their nest of sheets. Her long, blonde hair was wild and tangled and had made almost a tent to cover themselves with.
Mrs. Preston hummed into Lauren's neck and clung to her waist. "Oh honey, you are just so amazing."
Lauren smiled and wrapped her body even closer. "You are," she whispered with a smile.
Her lover laughed, "My god, this is the summer of love. Mark said he has to go to work sometimes because his dick is so sore."
Lauren giggled and thought yes, it should be. His dick should ache considering how much he'd fucked both of them.
"I actually feel a little guilty," Mrs. Preston propped herself up with an elbow. "I mean, we need to go out too."
They hadn't left the house much. Here and there, Roberto would take them into town. Lauren had Mrs. Preston would stop in at the liquor store and go down to the pizza parlor. When Mr. Preston was there, they went out on the boat and sometimes picked up steaks to grill. Lauren hadn't minded it one bit.
Lauren hadn't thought about much of anything but her lovers but it was summertime after all. "What should we do?" Lauren asked and placed a kiss on Mrs. Preston's hand. "I guess we should go somewhere. You bought me an awful lot of clothes for me to never wear them."
"We should," her lover's eyes were full of emotion. "I had no idea we would be like this. That it could ever be like this."
Lauren tried not to ever ask about unicorns past. She never wanted to pry. Lauren actually didn't want to know because she liked to pretend that she and the Prestons were something separate. Like this was something untouchable and unique. But she couldn't help it now, it was waiting for her to ask the question. "So, you don't always have this much sex with your summer unicorn?" She hated sounding so needy and nosy. Lauren wanted to be cool for them even if she didn't know how.
Mrs. Preston erupted into laughter and clutched Lauren closer. "No, my god no. It's never been like this, not even close." The dark haired woman wrapped Lauren up between her lean legs and flicked her thick hair away. "We have never been like this, never made love like this," Mrs. Preston blushed when she added, "never been in love with anyone like this."
Lauren couldn't help it, she could feel herself glow with pleasure.
Mrs. Preston whispered into her hair, "We just want to keep you forever."
Before Lauren could respond, Mrs. Preston rolled into a seated position. "Let's have a girl's day. I'll call Grand Geneva and get us in for massages. You liked that, right?" her lover asked with her hands on Lauren's face.
Lauren nodded, god how she had enjoyed it. It had been pure bliss and an hour of teasing that her body had thoroughly enjoyed. "Yes, it was great."
"And we should go to town and have lunch," Mrs. Preston seemed to have gotten her nervous energy back. The queen stretched and her full, ripe breasts sprang up and then bounced and settled. "I need to feed you."
Mrs. Preston's forehead creased and she appeared worried. Lauren kissed her there, right on the two lines that were burrowed between her brows. Lauren told her lover in a voice that was just above her bedroom voice, the teasing voice meant to ease Mrs. Preston's panties down, "You could feed me your sweet pussy again." Lauren's cheeks were warm as she said it. The scent of their mingled bodies filled the air and she drank it down with a deep inhale. She had it memorized, the scent of them, the three of them. It was a perfume that Lauren always wanted on her flesh, dabbed on all of her secret places.
Mrs. Preston smiled and kissed Lauren's mouth fully. Her closed lips were warm and she pressed against Lauren's hungrily. For a second, Lauren thought that perhaps the massage and lunch plan would be abandoned and the dark haired woman would shudder as she mounted Lauren's face. Mrs. Preston would turn away as Lauren tasted her. The queen would bury her mouth on Lauren's fluttering lower lips and the two women would lick and suck the day away. Lauren could almost feel them, curled and coiled, they would be undulating hips and sticky thighs and trembling fingers. Wrapped in damp sheets and trembling arms, spent with lovemaking.
It wasn't to be though. "I love you," Mrs. Preston whispered and then hopped out of bed. Seconds later, she was wrapped up in a pink, plush bathrobe, cell phone in hand. The dark haired woman's fingers ran through her dark hair as she waited for reservations.
The queen loved her. Lauren repeated the words again and again, alone in the huge shower while every nerve in her body pulsed with the possibilities.
***
A girls day in the McCullum family was getting your nails painted after Mrs. McCullum put everyone else to bed. It was never a day. It more like an hour of undivided attention before her mother nodded off at the kitchen table.
A girls day with Mrs. Preston was completely unexpected. After massages, they had gotten matching manicures and pedicures. Blue glitter on their toenails and pink French manicures on their fingers, Lauren's nails had never looked so nice. Once their nails were dry, they stopped in the gift shop at Grand Geneva and Mrs. Preston demanded that Lauren try on a couple of the string bikinis there. "You never know," Mrs. Preston said wistfully and handed the hangers over.
"You never know what?" Lauren asked as she pulled the teal, flowered sundress off over her head. She felt the cascade of her hair run down her back and brush against her bottom and Lauren got goosebumps just from the sensation. She wondered if her body was getting more sensitive everywhere from all the attention between her legs.
"Well, you were a big hit on the boat," Mrs. Preston sounded like she remembered it fondly, like with damp panties. "Maybe we should go to the beach."
Lauren slipped her white, cotton panties down her legs and whispered, "Is anyone else right there?"
Mrs. Preston whispered back, "No," and giggled, "Why are we whispering?"
Lauren opened the door to the changing room and beckoned to Mrs. Preston. "Because I'm naked," Lauren murmured and Mrs. Preston fumbled inside and quickly locked the door behind her. "Because I'm wet for you," Lauren said hotly with her lips on the dark haired woman's throat, "and I miss you."
Their mouths hungrily sought the other out with muffled sighs and whimpers. Lauren let her tongue slowly slide over Mrs. Preston's bottom lip. It was a lingering taste of her lover and it was just the way Mrs. Preston liked to be licked on her lower lips. Her queen let out a low moan. "Naughty girl," she whispered and dove in for a deep, wet kiss.
She pressed Lauren's body up against the back of the dressing room and rubbed her crotch against Lauren's nakedness. Mrs. Preston was wearing blue, pleated shorts that came to her knee, something a soccer mom would wear. It drove Lauren crazy to feel the heat under the fabric. Here they were both burning up and wet and yet, Mrs. Preston was zipped up and locked away. Lauren wanted to slide the zipper down and slip her fingers inside Mrs. Preston's shorts.
She teased Lauren. After another kiss and the sizzle of Mrs. Preston's fingers as they slipped along her dripping crease, Lauren was ready to beg. Mrs. Preston had a heated expression on her face as she looked Lauren in the eye and asked, "Do you want me to go down on you right here, little girl?"
Lauren barely nodded but her hips thrust at her lover like they were magnetized.
"You want me to suck you right here?" Mrs. Preston asked as she outlined Lauren's lower lips with a tantalizing finger. "Right here, so that the two girls by the cash register know? So that they can hear you cum?"
Lauren's knees knocked as she nodded again.
"You want the two girls to watch me, face down in your beautiful little pussy?" Mrs. Preston almost choked when she asked, "you want them to watch?"
Lauren shivered, her eyes closed tight as she gushed down her thighs.
"Or do you want them to join?"
The whole world stopped and Lauren's fingers twitched and she felt she had to hold onto her lover tightly just to stay on her feet. The two of them were out of breath as the pornographic images came in a deluge. The waves of vibration danced between them, sending shockwaves everywhere they touched.
"I'm going to go back outside," Mrs. Preston's voice was low and husky and they should be wrapped up in the bed like this. Lauren thought that they should only be writhing together when her lover used that tone with her. The queen should be on the precipice of wetting Lauren lips. Instead, they were in the dressing room and Mrs. Preston winked and turned around to leave Lauren alone with her thoughts and her wet pussy.
Two other girls joining in?
Lauren held one bikini up to herself and looked at her reflection. Her cheeks were red and her eyes radiated with the hunger that she couldn't deny gripped her between her legs. Like this, naked and horny like this, Lauren could squeeze her inner thighs together and maybe even cum by herself in the dressing room. It almost seemed like cheating.
She twisted her mouth up and pulled her hair back and wondered, if you were already having sex with two people, then what was cheating?
Lauren put her clothes back on and came out of the dressing room with the bikinis. "I'm good," she said with a shrug. She was almost dizzy with the collision of impulses that made their way down her spine. Lauren locked arms with Mrs. Preston as they made their way to lunch.
When they arrived at the restaurant, Mrs. Preston knew exactly what she wanted. She made her regal gestures and commands as she had the first time she met Lauren. "We want to eat out on the patio, in the sun but put up the umbrella, please." She smiled and pointed with her left hand. Her huge diamond glittered in the afternoon light, "that table is perfect."
Once they had been seated, the queen contemplated the wine list. "I don't think you're crazy about wine, are you, honey?"
Lauren laughed. All this time, they had been wasting the really good stuff on her and her immature palate. "Not really," Lauren said with a shrug. "I would really rather have a Coke. Hope that's okay," she looked down and frowned at herself.
"Honey, of course it's fine," Mrs. Preston took Lauren by the hand. "We should have asked. Actually, this is important because this is exactly what I've been thinking about."
The waitress approached and Mrs. Preston ordered, "I'll have a glass of the Red Zin on the happy hour menu and she'll take a Coke and can we get some breadsticks and," she asked Lauren, "do you want an appetizer?"
"Cheesy bread?"
"And cheesy bread." Mrs. Preston said it like nothing else but cheesy bread would do. After the waitress walked away, the dark haired woman laughed and patted her stomach. "All this sex has been good for me. I've lost three pounds."
Lauren looked Mrs. Preston up and down, slowly, like a man would, like Lauren had seen men give her, especially Mr. Preston. Like this, undercover with her conservative shorts and the black tee shirt that covered her all the way to her collar bones, she was a surprise. Mrs. Preston sizzled with sexual energy and everyone was drawn to it.
"So are you going back to Oakton Community College in the fall?" her lover asked.
The plan was to get as many of her prerequisites knocked out at community college to keep her student loan debt to a minimum, at least until she figured out what she wanted to do. "I guess," Lauren answered.
"What are you going for?"
That was the big joke. The McCullums had weighed in on it and made Lauren want to skip college altogether. Her father had told her that a degree in art was an absolute waste of time. His face had turned beet red as he announced in the kitchen that he wouldn't stand by and watch her waste her talent.
Of course, he thought she should get a degree in computer science because she'd done so well in math and when Lauren told him she couldn't stand how boring it was, he had snapped. "Boring pays the bills young lady. You think I love going to work every day?"
Lauren had wanted to ask why he would want the same shitty life for her but she didn't. She wouldn't waste her breath but she had also lost her interest in school.
To Mrs. Preston she admitted, "I don't really know. I mean, I guess there's what I want to do and then there's what I will probably do."
The waitress brought food and drinks and Mrs. Preston waited until they were alone once more. She weaved her fingers through Lauren's and asked, "Why are those two different things?"
"My dad said it would be a waste of time to go for art," Lauren said she took a huge bite of cheesy bread. She was pretty sure that Mrs. Preston didn't need to lose three pounds but she wondered if maybe she hadn't lost a bit too. All the time spent making love, sometimes she forgot any other less immediate hungers.
Mrs. Preston shook her head and grinned. "I get it. My parents didn't have any money for me to go to school either. But that doesn't mean that you have to settle."
Lauren leaned in closer and placed a hand on Mrs. Preston's. She was right, of course. Lauren knew that she could really do whatever she wanted. She was going to have to take out school loans, she might as well go to art school. She'd always been determined to figure things out on her own. It was part of being the oldest child, she'd had to fend for herself early. It was just easy to forget, here, in the lap of luxury, that everything didn't just fall into your lap.
Or did it?
Lauren was about to ask her lover a question about the future when she spied a red headed woman headed straight for their table. She was tall and almost seemed to be golden, her skin was the color of sunlight. Her red hair was wild and curly and made a trail down her back, almost to her waist. "Sharon? Is that you?" The woman called out and laughed. She showed a mouthful of pearly white, perfect teeth and tossed her hair back like a lion shaking its mane. The redhead radiated sexual heat with every movement.
Mrs. Preston didn't appear to be quite as thrilled to see her. She gave half a smile and asked, "How have you been Virginia?"
"Oh, you know me, same old, same old," the redhead replied and took her sunglasses off. She made no attempt to hide the fact that she was undressing Lauren with her eyes; and what eyes they were. Large and green and sharp, they glittered. They were cat's eyes, predator eyes and they seemed to stare right into your soul. Lauren felt the hair on her arms rise as if her body knew she was in danger. "Who are you?" the woman asked. Her voice resonated and clung to syllables like honey. It was husky and dipped down low and everything she said seemed filthy.
"Lauren," Lauren said with an unsophisticated squeak.
The redhead jangled when she moved, she wore gold bangles halfway up her tan arm. She smelled like sandalwood and sex when she leaned in with her right hand out. As Lauren shook her hand, she introduced herself with a low, mischievous laugh. "I'm Virginia. Now I know why no one's seen Sharon all summer." The woman stopped shaking Lauren's hand and just held it and it seemed strangely intimate. It felt like Virginia had placed Lauren's hand under her sundress, which billowed up in the breeze behind her. "You are a little angel, aren't you?"
Lauren didn't know how to respond but her face was warm. She looked across the table at Mrs. Preston and tried to interpret her expression. Lauren wished that the redhead would release her hand but she couldn't take it back on her own. Virginia was like a tractor beam.
She leaned down and a tendril of Virginia's flame red hair touched Lauren's neck. Her scent enveloped Lauren completely and for a moment, Lauren wondered if the woman wasn't going to place a kiss on her mouth. If she did, would Mrs. Preston be angry or turned on?
Hadn't the queen just mentioned bringing two more teenage girls into the dressing room? She suddenly felt like there were no boundaries.
Lauren held her breath as Virginia said with an amused expression on her face, "You should definitely come to my house while you're in Lake Geneva. In fact, tomorrow afternoon I'm having a little party."
The redhead straightened and released Lauren's hand. Lauren felt dizzy and heavy, like all the blood in her body now coursed through all of her most sensitive places. "Where do you live?" Lauren asked in the same dry, squeaky hinge of a voice.
"Sharon knows," the redhead said before she sauntered off. Once she was on the pier, she turned around and gave Lauren one last long look.
The waitress approached their table and asked, "Are you ready to order?"
Mrs. Preston put the diamond hand up in one of her regal flourishes and asked, "Can you give us a few minutes? We need to talk."
***
It wasn't quite noon and Lauren had already tried on almost a dozen outfits. She had three dresses that were all possibilities. On the other hand, it was the middle of the afternoon and Lauren didn't want to be too dressy. After all, according to Mrs. Preston, clothes were more of an afterthought at Virginia's parties.
"This is what Mark and I were talking about," Mrs. Preston had told her after Lauren's encounter with the lethally sexy redhead. "Normally I wouldn't bat an eyelash but I know Mark isn't a fan."
Apparently unicorns were in high demand. Mrs. Preston had seemed worried as she explained it all yesterday. "Virginia is more of a swinger than anything. She says that she's bi, but she definitely likes the ladies and she almost always likes them younger. When she has a pool party, it's mostly naked, gorgeous young girls." Mrs. Preston had smiled but it wasn't her usual smile with her eyes. In fact, her eyes had seemed sad and faraway when she added, "you'll fit right in."
Lauren had immediately volunteered, "I don't have to go."
But Mrs. Preston had insisted, "That wouldn't be fair of me though. This is what I meant by making sure that you get to experience everything."
So here she was, getting ready to go to her first sex party, an orgy. Just the word sounded sinful, it sounded so wrong that she should never even consider going. She was past considering it though. She should be excited but Lauren almost felt sick as she anxiously looked her reflection up and down. She didn't want to go looking like she was expecting to do anything, she didn't want to be an obvious slut. She wasn't sure if she could be with anyone else but the Prestons now. She wasn't sure just how many people she could love.
Was there a limit, Lauren wondered as she stared into her reflected blue green eyes.
An hour later, she came downstairs to the living room and asked her queen, "What do you think?" She had settled on the pink shorts and a white tank top. She wore white sandals and her hair was in a long braid that down her back. Hadn't Mrs. Preston told her not that long ago that simple was always better?
Mrs. Preston came to Lauren with her arms open. "You look perfect, of course, like always. And go have a good time," the dark haired woman whispered in her ear. "And call me no matter what, if you need something." Lauren nodded in agreement. "And don't do drugs with these girls. Who knows what they might be into?" Lauren nodded again. "In fact, don't drink. They might try to slip something in your drink." Lauren stepped back and covered her mouth. She was already almost frightened.
Mrs. Preston hung her head, "I'm sorry, just go have a good time. You'll be fine. You have a good head on your shoulders."
Lauren bit her bottom lip. "Should I ask Roberto to drive me?"
"No, absolutely not." Mrs. Preston reached for the keys on the coffee table and told her. "Take the Beemer."
Lauren couldn't help but notice when she was at the bottom of the driveway that Mrs. Preston watched her from the window. It was the first time that her lover hadn't looked happy since their summer had begun.
***
Virginia must be really rich, Lauren thought as she pulled up to the gate. Virginia's driveway was a road that was marked with a tiny blue sign. The numbers were 8119 and according to Mrs. Preston, this was the place. From what Lauren had learned about Lake Geneva so far, this meant that Virginia's house was right on the lake. It also meant that the property was large enough that she was entirely hidden away from prying eyes. Something told Lauren that the kinds of things that Lauren did required privacy.
There was a box with a red button on the left and Lauren pressed it. A male voice snapped, "Name?"
Lauren told him "Lauren McCullum." She wondered if the man could tell it was her first sex party by the way her voice quavered with apprehension.
The voice never responded but the gate pulled back slowly and allowed the black BMW to continue to make its way down the country road that supposedly took her to naked girls. Lauren grinned to herself at that thought. Had all of this sex she'd been having with the Prestons done something irrevocable to her body?
She'd never really been that interested in sex, not actual sex anyway. Lauren had sex with Aiden maybe a half dozen times and twice with Steve, one of her friend's older brothers. Otherwise, her fantasies and her fingers were her sex life and neither of her partners had ever made her cum. That had strictly been a solo activity. Until her king and queen anyway.
Lauren came around a curve and let out a low whistle. Yes, she'd been right, Virginia was rich. The house was two stories and it made the Preston's lake house look small by comparison. Virginia's house had white, marble columns that ran along the front and a gracious front porch that was dotted with rattan chairs and small tables. It looked like something from Gone With the Wind. It was gorgeous and grand and more like a showpiece, a house made to decorate and admire more than to live in. Lauren parked the BMW on the end of a row of BMWs and Mercedes and sighed with relief. At least she wasn't driving the Corolla.
The front door was impressive. It was black, ornately carved wood and it was wide open. This gave Lauren a chance to peek inside. There was a staircase immediately to the right and it too, was from Gone With the Wind. It was mahogany and wound in an elegant coil to the second floor. Lauren could almost see Scarlett O'Hara running as fast as she could in the corsets and pinafores into Rhett Butler's open arms.
But it was the peel of laughter that made Lauren's ears prick. There was laughter and then a splash and then more giggling. Finally, Lauren heard a feminine moan, a sound of pleasure, a sound that Lauren was intimately familiar with. Something that made panties wet came with a sound like that. Lauren felt like her body was on high alert and sensitive to all of the pleasure around it. She felt a warm flush between her legs.
"Virginia?" Lauren stepped across the threshold and called the hostess's name.
"There you are!" The redhead's scent was palpable before Lauren even saw her. Virginia came around the corner with two bottles in hand and leaned in close to place the standard two air kisses. They were quick, one on each of Lauren's cheeks and Lauren's lips felt neglected. The icy condensation dripped on Lauren's tank top and the redhead noticed. "Oh look, I got you wet," she murmured and Lauren knew by the tone of her voice that Virginia didn't mean her shirt at all.
"It's okay," Lauren told her with a smile. Double entendres or not, Lauren had been wet as she thought about this; all of it. The scent of the redhead had played in the back of her mind since yesterday and Lauren's mouth was parched for her scent.
"Follow me," Virginia prompted, "I have to drop these at the pool and then I'll take you around." The redhead wore a black bikini. It was a tiny little thing that hugged and displayed every gleaming inch of her body. Virginia was taller than Lauren but they had the identical build. Lauren noticed as she followed behind, the bottom was gorgeous. The woman had a voluptuous butt that wiggled with each step. It was an enchanting, jiggly movement. That back and forth sway prompted Lauren to visions of pulling the bit of bikini bottom out of her crack and replacing it with tongue. Virginia was also small on top and the bikini provided no support. Her supple tits bounced to the same tempo her ass set. In between, the woman was golden and gleaming. She was tanned and toned and up top, those eyes promised that she knew things.
Lauren's body seemed to know that Virginia knew things.
Virginia walked down a corridor and passed the massive kitchen, all the while her bottom shook with every step. They turned left and came around the corner to a solarium. There were three couches in the room and two of them were occupied with naked women. Lauren gulped hard as the glistening flesh came into view. To their right was a couple, a blonde woman on top of a redheaded girl. The blonde's mouth was latched onto the redhead's crotch. The wet, sucking noises that came from between the redhead's legs were perverse; they made Lauren's thighs shiver. The redhead had two dainty fingers inside the blondes cunt.
Virginia pointed, "That's my daughter", she told Lauren. "Hey honey, this is Lauren," Virginia introduced the two of them while her daughter was getting head. "Lauren, that's Lacey."
"Hey," Lacey nodded and Lauren felt uncomfortable and turned on all at the same time.
"I bet you two will have a lot of fun," Virginia told her daughter.
To their left was a black woman with a full Afro and a full, lush black bush as well. She was hairy all the up to her belly button. The black woman stood with one leg up on the couch and reached her arms high up overhead. She had hairy armpits as well and Lauren couldn't stop staring. A pale woman was on her knees in front of the black woman and she kissed her thighs with adoration. It was a type of worship. Lauren could relate, she totally understood what it felt like to be overwhelmed with passion for a woman.
Virginia had stopped the tour and waited. "The black girl is Kate. Isn't she stunning? And so exotic." Virginia had no shame about nakedness and didn't even pretend that she wasn't a voyeur either. "Kate's a regular but I have no idea who the other one is. Come on," Virginia said with an edge in her voice. Lauren could tell that people didn't keep Virginia waiting.
Lauren kept her eyes on Virginia's loose, bouncing cheeks as they opened the far door of the solarium. Lauren let her eyes linger on the crease under Virginia's ass as they walked to the pool. There was an indoor pool and right outside the French doors on the far wall was the outdoor pool as well . The stereo outside reverberated bass and everything inside seemed to pulse along with the music. It was like the heartbeat of sex.
Lauren had never seen so many naked women. It was like a rap video, or maybe the Playboy mansion. There was absolutely every kind of woman, every color and every size. The women were strewn about in every way that Lauren could imagine a woman, every position imaginable. And all of them naked or mostly naked. Here and there, someone still wore a really fabulous pair of sandals or a hat. One woman was naked except for an enormous, purple pair of sunglasses. Otherwise, as far as Lauren could see, everyone else was bare.
And not a man in sight.
It was glorious really; all this female sex on display. Naked pussies and breasts of every variety, there were women lying on deck chairs and women in the water. There were women who sunbathed and some masturbated for anyone to watch. There were so many different colors of skin and the place reeked of pussy. Besides the music, there was a perpetual song of tongues and lips and smacking, sucking sounds.
It felt monumental to Lauren. It was as if all the men on earth had disappeared and women all melted into each other's Sapphic embrace.
"Aren't you glad you came?" Virginia asked as she set down the two icy bottles on a side table. There was a woman right next to the table. She lay on her back, casually, as if this wasn't shocking or even the least bit surprising. She was a lean, long, black haired woman with creamy white skin. Her pussy was shaved and her legs were spread open wide, inviting scrutiny or maybe more. Her pussy was a deep red. It was dripping wet and huge and swollen. She was in heat and ached for more of what she had just received. From the smell of her, Lauren thought that she must have just cum.
"Thanks babe," the woman reached out for Virginia's hand and kissed it. "You make me so thirsty when you suck me off like that."
"Yeah I know," Virginia leaned down so that she was touching the dark haired woman. Virginia's long, red hair caressed the woman's body like another hand, like many hands. Her hair was a hundred fingers that opened her and teased her lips and her crevices. The woman looked like every nerve had been brought to life. "That's because you squirt so much," Virginia told her and blew the dark haired woman a kiss.
"Come on, I could be ready again," the dark haired woman patted the small space next to her. "I need more of your mouth."
"I'm going to show Lauren around," Virginia grabbed Lauren's arm and swung her hand. "Isn't she just the cutest thing ever?" Virginia clearly had enough of one woman and was ready for a new one. The redhead seemed insatiable, perpetually hungry.
"Whatever," the other woman clearly didn't want to hear how cute Lauren was.
Virginia turned her attention and the green eyed, predatory gaze completely on Lauren. "Come on, noob." She laughed at her own joke and wrapped her hands around Lauren's arm as she guided her outside to the other pool. "Did you want to swim?" Virginia asked, shouting over the music.
There was a scream and a handful of naked women began to dance together, gyrating to the heart pumping beat of the song. Lauren recognized the song but everything else faded into the background as she watched the women dance. It was the jiggle of hips and bottoms that slapped together. It was the grinding of bare, oily, wet skin together. It was breasts on breasts and legs intertwined. Part of Lauren was apprehensive about seeing so much nudity and wondered if she dared. Even after the event on the boat and stripping for the whole world to see, could she really get naked here and cum with abandon with total strangers?
Part of her wanted to do it right now. Lauren wanted to drop the shorts and rip off the tank top. She wanted to be free and naked and run into the mass of glistening bodies. She wanted to take a stranger's mouth and give her mouth to anyone. She wanted to feel hips and fingers and give herself over to the pulse of feminine essence that hung heavy in the air.
"Not right now," she told Virginia.
"I know, it's a lot," Virginia said with a raucous laugh. "God knows, it's even a little intimidating to me sometimes. Let's go upstairs." The redhead held Lauren's chin and hummed as she took it all in. "Come on, I know just the place."
They went back inside and passed the indoor pool once again. As she followed Virginia's bottom through the solarium, Lauren noticed that Lacey and her friend were gone. For a second, Lauren wondered what life would be like with a mother like Virginia.
Virginia led Lauren up the grand staircase. The redhead's bangles vibrated along the bannister as they climbed. "So how long have you known Mark and Sharon?" she asked warmly. It seemed like Virginia had known the Prestons for a long time and they were the best of friends but Lauren didn't believe it.
Lauren admitted, "Not long. We met in May." She couldn't stop her eyes from roaming over Virginia. Virginia was either cold or turned on and Lauren imagined that Virginia was almost always turned on. Her nipples were huge and firm and easy to outline in her bikini top. They were big dollops of whipped cream on her small breasts and Lauren wondered what they would taste like.
Virginia headed straight ahead to a closed door and opened it without knocking. It was a bedroom with a large four poster bed in the center of the room. The bed was occupied by three women and they were locked in a tumble of bare flesh. One woman appeared to be older and the other two looked to be about Lauren's age. The older woman was on her belly, her back glistened with sweat. She naked, ass up, face down on one girl. Her mouth made wet, slurping sounds as she supped between a girl's legs. Her legs quivered as the woman licked her. All the while, the other girl kissed the one being licked as the older woman stroked her naked lips.
The older woman looked up at the sound of someone entering the room. There was something vaguely familiar about the woman's face but Lauren couldn't place it. The older woman's face shone with the young woman's liquid. "Baby girl, I'm sorry. I didn't think you'd be up with all of your party guests."
"It's okay, no problem," Virginia sat on the edge of the bed though and stared at the two, naked girls as they continued to caress each other. "Did you see my friend, Lauren?" Virginia asked the gray haired woman. Virginia wound up her long red hair and tossed it down her back once again.
"Yes," the gray haired woman noticed. She looked Lauren up and down with a greedy, open look of heat and longing. Lauren had never been stared at like that by a woman. It was a man's heat. It was a man's animal lust and it felt almost dangerous. It felt like the older woman might cross the distance between Lauren and the bed and grab her and force her down. She might rip her clothes off and there would be no stopping the woman's mouth. She was a force and a seduction all at once. "She's a gorgeous, little girl," the gray haired woman whispered. "Send her in here when you've finished with her."
Virginia cackled and jumped off the bed. "Lauren, that's an official invitation. My mother wants to give you head."
Lauren was dumbfounded and her feet took a step back. Both women chuckled at her response and the gray haired woman murmured, "Have a nice time."
Virginia rolled her eyes and beckoned to Lauren, "Come on, we'll go in the other bedroom." She opened her bedroom door and closed it behind them. The next door was straight ahead and when she opened this door, the room was pitch black inside.
"Come in," Virginia said as she flicked the switch on. There was another four poster bed but this one was white and the sheets on the bed were pink. "At least this way, we can hear each other," she motioned Lauren to the bed and closed the door.
It was quiet in the bedroom. There was just the background noise of the ceiling fan. Here it seemed that the bass pounding, pool splashing, female ecstasy that surrounded them was far away. Now it felt like they were the only two people in the house. Lauren wasn't sure if it would be a good idea to be alone with Virginia.
"So you live with your mom?" Lauren started as she sat gingerly on the corner of the bed. She wouldn't say a word about her mother ravenously sucking off a girl. She'd be cool, like everyone's mother was like that.
Virginia sighed, "No she doesn't live here. She's just here for the summer. She cheats on my father every chance she gets. She's such a bitch." They both laughed and Virginia threw herself on the bed. "Seriously, she's such a hound for girls now. The younger the better."
Lauren stopped laughing because she felt that meant she was in the correct age range.
"I have to ask," Lauren felt the pulse deep inside. It was wrong, it was wrong to ask and even more wrong to need to know. "Are you and your mother?" she stopped and tried to get the right word. What was it called when you were in the center of a writhing mass of naked sweaty bodies? "Lovers?"
Virginia shrugged, "We were a long time ago. She's the first woman I made love with."
Why did that make Lauren tingle in her panties? It was so taboo, so shameful but nonetheless, Lauren felt the words in her body. She was warm and swollen and her lips seemed to bulge open.
Virginia must have known what the next question was. "Just like my daughter and I make love, yes," the redhead confessed with a whisper. "She is amazing and gorgeous and smart. I love her and I love her in so many different ways." Her voice seemed to peel back the layers of all the ways that Virginia and Lacey loved each other. Probably right here on this bed, Lauren thought and pictured mother and daughter grinding hips and kissing with tongues the way mothers and daughters never, ever should.
Lauren nodded and scooted back. Virginia stood and stared and reached for Lauren with one finger. Her bracelets jangled as she traced Lauren's nipple through the white tank top. "Is this your first time with a couple?" she asked as her fingertip took its time. Her finger easily found Lauren's peaks and valleys. Lauren's nipple pounded with want and strummed with heat and longing. All of the pornographic images around them had invaded her body.
"Yes," Lauren whispered and reached out her right index finger to make the same circle around Virginia's nipple. The woman was responsive and let out the softest coo as Lauren touched her.
"I'm not really into men," Virginia said with a smirk, "in case you couldn't tell but Mark looks like a glorious beast. Does he have a big dick?" Virginia leaned in, smelling Lauren like she could taste her. Her eyes gleamed with something naughty. Those green eyes shone and her other hand busied itself with Lauren's other nipple.
Lauren didn't want to talk about her king. Her lovers, her loves. This was something separate, something completely different and she didn't want to involve the Prestons. Lauren put her arms up and felt the stretchy material of her tank top slide over her head. When her braid feel back down, it was on her bare backside. "Are we in your daughter's bed?" Lauren asked.
Virginia raised her eyebrows and the look was purely sinful when she told Lauren, "Yes." Lauren's breasts were bare and her nipples strained for the redhead's attention. Virginia took her time and settled in to teasing Lauren with her soft fingers on just the tips of Lauren's burning nipples. "So sweet," Virginia studied them as her breath came faster. "I love small, beautiful tits like yours," the redhead murmured.
Lauren's body was limp and liquid as she watched the woman fondle her. The electrical sensation invaded Lauren's body as the woman kneaded her pink buds into red, aching points. "Yes, that's so good," Lauren whispered and hung her head back. Her legs had crept open to invite Virginia inside and the pink shorts felt tight on all of her secret, bare places.
"Come here," Virginia pulled Lauren by the waistband across the mattress to her body. Her long, red hair hung over Lauren's body and seemed to draw her in, like arms, like fingers that wanted to caress her. "How many women have you been with?" Virginia asked as she touched the button on Lauren's shorts.
Lauren was sure that Virginia would see it, the wet spot that she had there. She was sopping wet between her legs for the redhead. They could both smell the scent of Lauren's pussy. She was drenched and warm and throbbing after all of the lusty images she'd taken in and Lauren felt sure that Virginia knew just what she was doing to her. She also felt sure that Virginia knew the answer to her question. "Just Mrs. Preston."
Virginia sighed and unbuttoned the shorts. "Oh my god, do you call her that when you're in bed?"
Lauren waited and watched as Virginia opened the button and unzipped her pink shorts. The woman's intrusive fingers lingered on the little triangle of cotton panties, the last barrier to Lauren's aching cunt. Lauren's braid tickled her arm and she felt the wave wash over her, the hot wave of lust and need and the tremor between her thighs. "What do you want me to call you?" Lauren asked in a husky voice.
Virginia grabbed Lauren by the hips and yanked at her shorts. "I don't want you to say a word," she looked like she might bite Lauren with her hypnotic gaze and her wet lips peeled back. "I want you to be too busy with my pussy in your lovely, little girl mouth for you to talk."
Lauren raised her hips and felt the shiver run down her body. This was different, this was something else entirely. This wasn't sex with her loves, this wasn't the fantasy or being adored. This was rutting and fucking and coming just because she was horny.
And it was beautiful too.
Virginia pulled Lauren's shorts down her legs quickly and tossed them over her shoulder to the floor. "Fuck, white, cotton panties," Virginia groaned and grabbed her crotch in a salacious way. She grabbed her cunt with her whole hand and rubbed herself like one of the old perverts did in the park. "On a girl like you." Virginia sounded like she couldn't catch her breath. "Take them down," the woman begged, "slowly."
Lauren flicked her sandals off and rose, off her back, to her knees. Suddenly, she felt it. It was like an accompanying rhythm to the beat of sex. Power. As she looked Virginia in the eye, she caressed herself through the front of her sopping, wet panties. She purred and pushed her hips out and outlined her splayed lips for Virginia. Lauren mewed and cupped her pussy in her hand. She was so wet, completely saturated but even more, it was something new and utterly enticing. She was seducing Virginia. Lauren had never been in charge and just thinking of it made another gush, wet and insistent, in the cotton panties.
Lauren turned around and wiggled her round bottom at Virginia. The redhead swallowed hard. It was a loud noise and Lauren knew that the woman was parched and wanted to lick up Lauren's liquid. Lauren took her time and pulled the panties up, over her cheeks. She let the fabric hug her voluptuousness. Her ass was always too big to be contained in the panties she had. Now, instead of pulling them out of her crack, she let the wet material settle as she popped her ass back. Let Virginia drool over her roundness and imagine peeling the panties from her bare, slippery skin.
"You little tease," the redhead groaned. Lauren looked over her shoulder and watched as Virginia rubbed herself back and forth in her bathing suit.
Lauren grinned and kept up the slow, fucking movements with her hips. It was the easy back and forth sway, like a dick was deep inside. She pushed her panties halfway down her cheeks and let her hands wander along the bottom curve of her rump. Lauren listened to Virginia whimper and sigh.
Then Lauren tossed her braid around her body and told Virginia in a bossy voice, "Take your bathing suit off for me."
Virginia gulped and whispered, "Jesus, here I thought I was going to fuck you." The redhead pulled her wild red mane back over her shoulders and slipped down the straps from her shoulders. She reached behind her and unhooked the top and let the fabric fall from her hands to the floor. Virginia had firm breasts, supple and round. They were sweet and small and could easily fit in Lauren's mouth. Her skin was golden and glistened and Lauren wanted to run her tongue from the woman's neck all the way down to her pussy.
In fact, Lauren inhaled deeply, that was the scent that filled the daughter's bedroom now. It was the unmistakable aroma of pussy juice. It was a strong perfume and it clung to the air. It was musky and wanton and it hung heavily between them, saturated and lusty.
Virginia hugged herself for a moment as she stared, lost in all of Lauren. Her fingers were on the crotch of her bathing suit. Virginia moved them back and forth as she confessed to Lauren, "I had to have you. I wanted you the minute I saw you with Sharon."
"Show me," Lauren told her as she writhed and pushed her cotton panties all the way back up, into place. Lauren looked down at her crotch and saw the dark line of her own juices in the front of her panties. She was soaked through and her underwear was transparent there now. She turned back to face Virginia. Lauren stroked herself gently as she watched the redhead take her bikini bottoms down.
Virginia had a flame red, matching grove of pubic hair. It was dripping wet above her slit and there were droplets of cream on her hairy lips. Even though she was covered in her cum there, the woman was close to another orgasm. Lauren reached for her with her right hand and grabbed her dripping pussy lips. Lauren was rough and demanding and yanked Virginia to come there, like she would throw her down on the bed. Virginia moaned and surrendered with a shudder. The redhead gushed a rivulet of wetness into Lauren's hand.
Lauren pulled her close again. It was just her firm grasp on Virginia's naked, hairy pussy and the sound of her wetness and the smell of Virginia's heat was almost too much to bear. Lauren wanted to do everything all at once. She wanted Virginia on the bed. She wanted to dive face down between her legs. She wanted to lick her molten, hot clit that Lauren could feel trembling there between Virginia's fat, juicy lips.
But she also wanted to make Virginia her slave. She wanted the woman on her back while Lauren eased down and sat on her face like it was her throne. The queen.
Lauren began to move her fingers up and down. She pressed Virginia's lips together and masturbated the redhead. Lauren stroked her off slowly. She wouldn't bring her hand all the way up to Virginia's clitoris, she just teased her until Virginia threw her head back. The woman's wild hair danced around her body and she screamed, "Fuck, what are you doing to me?"
"You said you wanted it slowly," Lauren told her with a wicked chuckle of delight. She lay the center of her open palm up against Virginia's closed lips and rubbed harder. She could feel Virginia's clit pulse inside. It quivered and pushed up against the closed lips as every inch of Virginia's body begged for friction.
"You could make me cum like that," Virginia spasmed. The redhead pushed her hips forward into Lauren's hand. She was desperate, she humped and begged, "please, harder, faster."
"You mean you don't want it slow?" Lauren whispered in a hot voice that was made to drive the redhead mad.
"No!" Virginia gripped Lauren's hand with her own. Her fingers were like claws and she fucked Lauren's hand. She quivered as she wound her hips. Virginia pressed her nipples into Lauren's chest and they were burning, hot little beads. Her predatory eyes were ravenous and promised Lauren to eat her down to the bone given a chance.
Lauren picked up the pace and rubbed her hand faster, up and down and in a tight little circle right on Virginia's aching clitoris. Virginia's thighs vibrated and her ass bounced as she delved into the center of an orgasm that gripped every inch of the redhead's body.
"Fuck," she barked, barely a word, more like a sound that an animal would make. "Fuck, yes, just like that!" And with one more pump of her hips, Virginia let loose with a howl. She spurt and it filled Lauren's hand and then some. She spilled her cum down Lauren's forearm, down her thighs and left a steamy puddle on the bed between them.
Virginia was shaking too much to stay on her feet and she fell to the bed. The redhead grabbed Lauren and tumbled to the mattress. Her mouth caught Lauren's bottom lip and she sucked and smacked and desperately pulled at Lauren. "Oh my god, it's been so long," she whispered softly as she looked Lauren in the eyes. Her gaze was warm and tender now, almost loving.
"So long?" Lauren asked, her hand had slowed its tempo but she hadn't stopped petting Virginia's hairy pussy.
"Since I came like that," Virginia purred and dripped a little more of her climax on Lauren's sticky fingers. "Being touched like that, overwhelmed," Virginia bit her bottom lip a little and her forehead crinkled before she added, "dominated."
Dominated?
It seemed like a dark, mysterious word and Lauren liked the way it felt as the impulse tingled under her skin. Lauren pulled away and touched the waistband of the soaked panties once more. This time she rolled them down to her knees and pushed them off the bed with her toes. She crawled over Virginia's body and brushed her bare lips across Virginia's bush. The crispness of her pubic hair lapped across Lauren's most sensitive spots and it stirred every nerve. Yes, Lauren was ready.
She continued her voyage up Virginia. She climbed to the woman's face and straddled her. Lauren's knees pressed into her fiery tendrils that were tossed every which way on the bed. Lauren felt like a queen like this. Perhaps now it was Virginia who should be her concubine. The redhead could be the girl that she called to her bed to pleasure her. Her toy, her plaything, her sex slave.
"Lick me," Lauren told her in a quiet voice. It was a command, not a request. Lauren dripped a bit of milk on Virginia's bottom lip, just to reiterate what she needed. Virginia nodded and gasped and then held her tongue out. Lauren took a seat and melted down Virginia's chin and neck.
Lauren pushed her bottom back and then drug her juicy lips across Virginia's face. She loved this, on top like this, dominating Virginia's mouth and face, she could rub and rut and fuck Virginia's mouth exactly as she wanted. That thought made her drip down her leg and the river of Lauren's juice trickled into Virginia's hungry mouth.
Virginia licked her lips and made a groan as she pulled Lauren's hips closer. Lauren sank down with her hands on the mattress. Lauren began to grind herself against Virginia's lips. There was her tongue and it played with Lauren's clit. It lapped softly against Lauren's hood. Virginia's tongue outlined the pulsing bead underneath as Lauren's hood raised, little by little, to reveal the fullness of Lauren's pink, pulsing pearl.
Lauren watched Virginia lick. She watched as Virginia's long, pink tongue caressed Lauren from her dripping crevice all the way to the tip of her clit. Then back down again and then a swallow. Lauren wiggled her hips and brought her pussy all the way to the tip of Virginia's tongue. She slipped it inside. The redhead slowly entered and retreated with her tongue inside Lauren and her hands eagerly gripped Lauren's thighs close. Hungry and heated, Virginia groaned as she tongued Lauren and drank down the sweetness that dripped with every push.
Lauren pushed back her bottom and gave Virginia her aching bud. Her clit melted inside Virginia's hot mouth. The feel of her lips wrapped snugly around Lauren was almost too much to bear. The pressure burned her up inside and Lauren cried out as Virginia bathed her up and down. Once again, once more, up and down and her tongue kept the rhythm steady with Lauren's hips.
"Suck me," Lauren whispered. It was another command and just saying it like that, taking Virginia's mouth like this, almost forcing her, was almost enough to make Lauren burst with sensation. Her legs pumped and pushed and then stiffened as the grip of pleasure held her, breathless.
The first squirt was too much for Virginia to swallow and she opened her mouth with a gasp. Lauren's liquid spilled down her cheeks and chin and began to weave out along the damp creases in the sheet below them.
The woman continued to drink and swallow. Virginia's mouth was loud on Lauren's flesh. The redhead hummed along with every gulp, as if she could never have enough to drink of Lauren. As the climax went on and on, Lauren cried out as the pleasure peaked. Even after Lauren was spent and empty, Virginia still sucked greedily until Lauren rolled off and sank to the bed.
Lauren drew herself up into a ball. She held her legs together and closed her eyes as the pleasure came with a kaleidoscope of colors. It was just bursts of delight and they careened through her body, one after another after another.
Lauren lay in a heap on the bed, just a sack of empty flesh. The two of them began to giggle as they looked at each other, nothing more than quivering, little puddles. "Jesus, fuck," Virginia groaned and grabbed Lauren by the waist, "No wonder Sharon doesn't want to share you."
Sharon, Lauren drank down the sound of her name and savored it. Yes, Mrs. Preston, her queen, her goddess. Her lover was at home waiting for her and that brought a tender, secret smile to Lauren's face.
"Oh someone's got it bad," Virginia said as she looked at Lauren. "Unicorns have to be careful when they fall in love," Virginia told her. The woman said it like it was a big mistake, a warning, only something that a stupid girl would do.
Before Lauren had a chance to ask what she meant, the bedroom door opened. It was Lacey, Lauren recognized her by the red hair even if she hadn't seen much of Lacey's face when they were introduced. "Wow, Mom, what are you doing in here?" Her daughter wondered and promenaded across the bedroom. The girl was completely naked and her firm, glowing body was perfect. Lauren felt both her and her mother bristle as they took notice.
Lacey was built like her mother and she had the eyes and the hair and the tan but her pussy was bare and pink and her enormous lips looked like they had been ravished for hours, maybe longer. Her hips were a little more slender than Virginia's and her breasts were a little bigger. She was perfect.
Lacey on the edge of her bed and greeted them. "Hi Mommy. Hi Lauren." Her voice was a whisper of all of the hot, luscious things that should happen in this four poster bed.
"Hi honey," Virginia sat up. She propped herself on one elbow as she looked her daughter over. "You came just in time." Virginia placed one hand on Lauren's thigh, "little Lauren here has the sweetest pussy I've ever tasted." She leaned in and kissed Lacey intimately on the mouth, a lingering kiss that was a promise of more to come. Virginia added, "Except for my beautiful daughter's. God, what I wouldn't give to have the two of you all night."
Lauren looked at Virginia and then back at Lacey. Yes, it could be all night. She was sure that they could make a circle and writhe and undulate and rub and cum all over each other, again and again.
But Lauren missed home and she realized with a secret ache in her heart that home was with the Prestons. "Sorry Lacey, Virginia," she pulled herself up and over the two beautiful, naked women in the bed. "I have to go."
"Oh come on, I just got here," Lacey pouted.
"Maybe some other time," Lauren said as she retrieved her panties. She knew it was a lie as soon as it came out of her mouth. Lauren had a lovely time. It had been startling and sexy to see the secret lesbian world that lie just under the surface but now she wanted her queen.
Once Lauren was dressed, she tucked in the tank top and waved to her hostess. "Thank you so much for inviting me," she said politely, like they had just had a tea party.
Virginia crinkled her face and pointed at her, "You're always welcome to come back. And remember what I said. Unicorns have to take care of themselves."
Lauren wondered what Virginia meant by that as she backed the BMW out of Virginia's massive driveway but she was too tired to really give it much thought.
***
"Here she is, she's just walking in," Mrs. Preston said into the cell phone. "No, she's fine. She's a good driver." Her queen must be talking to Mr. Preston by the way she giggled, like he had just said something filthy, as Mr. Preston was known to do.
Lauren sat, or rather collapsed on the couch. She pulled the furry, blue blanket around her body and huddled into a ball and closed her eyes. "Yeah, she looks tired. No I'm not asking her that," Mrs. Preston laughed into the phone. "Oh my god. I love you too. Yes, see you Thursday."
Mrs. Preston came to the sofa and sat with her arms open. She quickly took Lauren into her embrace and pressed her face, cheek to cheek with Lauren. "Honey, how was it?"
"It was pretty good," Lauren mumbled.
"Yeah, your first orgy was just pretty good?" Mrs. Preston's eyes shone with glee. "Come on, you can tell me."
"Can I?" Lauren wondered, she was a little worried about that.
Mrs. Preston sat back and placed her hand on the blanket, "Yes, of course. I'm not jealous, we're not jealous. We were a little worried but that's just normal when you care about someone."
"I dominated Virginia," Lauren said with a giggle.
"You what?" Mrs. Preston gasped and threw herself back on the couch. Her body shook with laughter, "That's hilarious."
"It was definitely a surprise," Lauren admitted.
"And was it like the most amazing sex ever?" Mrs. Preston held Lauren's chin and smiled.
Lauren chewed her bottom lip for a second and then pressed her mouth with her hand to stop. "It was really sexy. I mean, you were right. There were naked girls everywhere."
Mrs. Preston gave half a smile. "I remember, the pool full of tits and ass."
Lauren nodded, "Yes and you could just sit on someone's face." She made a face, "But it's not like being with you guys."
"No?" Mrs. Preston pressed her forehead to Lauren's. "Okay, I admit I was a tiny bit jealous," she whispered.
"No," Lauren assured her with a kiss, "You're the fantasy. You and Mr. Preston."
"My girl," Mrs. Preston murmured and pulled her close, chest to chest, heartbeat to heartbeat. "I bet you're exhausted," she wrapped her hand around Lauren's braid. "What do you say to pizza and Netflix?"
"It's the best idea ever," Lauren sounded weak as she pressed her face into Mrs. Preston's nest of black hair.
"Welcome home," the queen told her with soft, closed mouth kiss that reminded Lauren of everything she missed.