This is part 4 of a continuing story. It can be read from here but it will make more sense if you start with the first three installments.
... continuing on ...
Clare and Stan came to a sudden halt beside us and we stood there in confusion as the barmaid looked at Janine holding my hard cock in her hand. Her eyes raised to our faces, looked over at Stan and Clare, back at our faces and then at our general nakedness. A smile hovered around her lips and then she tilted her head slightly to say,
"Now I would have laid money that you were with her (pointing at me and Clare) and you with him (pointing at Janine and Stan). Have I misread you that badly then?" Her amusement was obvious.
"Ah ... um, well, we lost a bet, you see," I stammered. My face was beet red and I could barely get the words out through a dry mouth. The others nodded in agreement. Janine's other hand dropped to cover her groin.
"Should I be asking what the bet was about then?" she asked. I could feel Janine's face get hot as the question hung in the air between us. "No?" she questioned, moving her hair back away from her face as she kept us transfixed.
She burst out laughing at our predicament and we sheepishly grinned back at her. This could have been worse and it seemed we escaped unscathed. She recovered from her outburst and continued,
"I won't pry then although I'm sure there's a good story behind this. I think I'll make a mental note not to play cards with you lot, though, at least not for any stakes." We chuckled at her and my cock throbbed in Janine's hand. Oh yes, I hadn't subsided at all and Janine hadn't released me either. My head stuck out past Janine's hand and fresh pre-cum glistened on the tip.
"Sorry about this," I offered. She waved it away though and said,
"No need to apologize. No harm done and I certainly have a better view to take home than some crabs and sea gulls. Perhaps we should at least introduce ourselves now – I'm prone to wanting to know the names of naked men in my life. I'm Maggie."
Clare stepped forward to do the honors pointing to each of us in turn, "Stan, Mick, Janine, and Clare," she said. "Pleased to meet you," this cracked us up again as it has to be the weirdest introduction ever.
"Are you going much further," Maggie asked, "or do you think you've gone far enough already?"
I replied as laughter followed her ribaldry, "Oh, I would say we've gone far enough now." I pointed to the path we'd be taking to get off the beach. "That's our turn there," I finished.
"Well then I'm happy I didn't come along two minutes later or I would have missed the show completely," Maggie said with a grin eyeballing me and (I noted) Janine. A shadow passed over us bringing a quick chill to the air; we all looked up at the sky.
"Do you think we can get back to the house now," Janine asked plaintively? "As much fun as it is to stand here naked I'd just as soon continue this indoors before it decides to rain on us."
Maggie gave us a little wave as we started to move along the path. "Nice to see all of you," she said suggestively, winking at me and Janine. "You can buy me a drink the next time you're in."
"We will," Stan offered. "Several." Janine and I started down the path when I heard Clare talking to Maggie.
"Do you want to come over and have dinner with us later?" she offered.
"I shouldn't, "Maggie demurred. "Surely I'd be a 5th wheel." I stopped to look back at them wondering what Clare was up to.
"You can bring your fellow along and those two can get their clothes back once we're home," Clare continued.
"I don't have a fellow to bring," Maggie continued. "I'd just be in the way."
"Not at all," Clare protested. "Besides, this way you can see we're not always raving lunatics – play some cards or something. Unless you're working tonight, of course," offering her an easy way out if she didn't want to come along. Whatever game it was I could see Clare wasn't planning on her saying no.
"No, I'm only working lunches this weekend," Maggie replied.
Clare hooked her arm with Maggie and encouraged her up the path with us. Maggie relented and matched strides with her even being a head shorter. Clare motioned for us to continue along and we managed to get back to the house without further encounters. As we walked along I felt as if Janine and I were the prize objects of the day. Certainly it was the strangest walk I'd ever had.
Inside Janine disappeared into the bathroom while I wrapped one of the towels around my waist. Feeling dressed I joined the conversation with Maggie as dinner was planned. We go back just in time as the air chilled and a sprinkle of rain pattered across the roof. Looking outside I could see more heading across the fields at us.
"Think you would have been soaked before you got home, Maggie," I offered. She looked out the window with me. The thin top she was wearing would have become transparent in even the lightest shower and the skirt would not have fared much better.
"Yes, it would have taken longer for sure," she agreed. She shrugged, "Wouldn't have been the first time I've been soaked," she concluded. Looking around at the others still in the kitchen she leaned in and asked,
"I am curious as to what the bet was all about. Anything you can share?"
I laughed, "Better ask the ladies," I replied. "It's their secret to share."
"Perhaps I will," she grinned back at me. "I saw your back and it would seem someone tried to take a bite from your shoulder, too."
I grinned back and moved to the fireplace to get the evening coals ready as Maggie helped me with the chore. I could smell her scent, a light floral fragrance that enticed without being over-whelming. If I wasn't involved with Clare she's the type of girl I would be attracted to. Behind us we could hear the clattering of dinner being pulled together and voices as the three of them worked together.
We moved back to the kitchen and Clare looked at me in mock-horror.
"Go get some pants on you pervert," she said. "Maggie will think we're uncivilized with you parading around in a towel."
I raised my hands in surrender as Maggie laughed at me. "Give me a minute," I said and disappeared into the bathroom in disgrace.
Getting dressed took no time and I reappeared in running shorts and a shirt. "Better," I asked the room?
"Yes," said Clare with a grin, "but maybe you should ask our guest."
I turned to Maggie with a ta-da gesture and she gave me a rocking iffy hand in reply. "Not bad," she said, "but the towel was cute too," she finished with a grin at the girls.
"If you want the towel we can make him change again," Clare said with a smile as we all sat down at the table. They had put Maggie between them shifting chairs around to make a little room for her. Clare was to my right and Janine to Stan's left. Maggie looked at how we'd grouped ourselves and you could see the questions popping up but unasked.
Dinner was light and delicious being a variety of rolls, cheeses and cold cuts. We opened a bottle of wine and applied ourselves to replenishing our energy levels. During the conversation we found out Maggie was single and not involved with anyone in particular. She was taking a year away from Uni and working at the pub for the summer to help with the tourist rush, George being a relative of hers. The girls were soon thick as thieves laughing together at little jokes. Maggie shone like a small flame between our two as light caught her red hair.
We finished the dinner and moved back to the front room. Stan brought out a bottle of Moet Chandon while Janine brandished some glasses.
"We brought something along to celebrate," he said, "on the chance you'd agree." He worked to pop the cork without letting it fountain across the room.
"What are you celebrating," Maggie asked casually?
Silence went around the room as we all waited for someone to start talking. You could see Clare and Janine conferring with their eyes again as they decided how much to share with Maggie.
"They've decided to have a baby," she offered brightly.
Maggie looked at us while Stan filled her glass. "Not too much of this for me," she said. "I get very silly on champagne."
"We won't tell anyone," Stan replied. "Besides, you've already seen us be silly today, haven't you?"
"We can drive you down the lane later, too," Clare offered. "You won't have to walk in this mess." Outside the rain had settled in seemingly for the night. Stan finished pouring and settled down beside Janine while Clare was beside me again.
We raised glasses in mutual salute and sipped the champagne. Nice stuff.
"So," Maggie said with a grin, "you and you are going to have a baby," she pointed at Stan and Janine. "But you get to take him for a naked ramble along the beach after losing a bet," she finished pointing at me and Janine.
"And having a baby calls for a toast because someone agreed to something?" she finished with a wicked smile.
"I think I'll light the fire," I said in the pregnant silence. I jumped up to get it going. There was no way I was going to answer those questions.
Maggie grinned at the girls before laughing out loud. "That's okay; you can keep your secrets. I know I'm being nosey." The girls grinned back at her in camaraderie letting the topic drop.
We got the cards out and decided to play on the floor. We got into a loose circle and Stan dealt out hands for spades. This was a common choice for us and we could be very competitive. Several hands were played and Stan kept refilling the glasses as levels dropped. For once we were fairly matched as we didn't know how Maggie would bet. She took several hands although her giggling went up as she matched us in drinks.
"End of the bottle," he announced, draining the last one into Maggie's glass. "Still have the white wine though if anyone's thirsty." I had declined several refills figuring I'd probably be driving later but the other four looked a bit worse for wear.
"Oh dear," said Maggie. "I didn't mean to drink so much of that but it tasted so good. Better than most of what gets served."
She giggled and smiled at the room. She had settled back and become very comfortable with us as the evening progressed. She was sitting cross legged with her skirt out around her. She sat closer to the fire than me and the table lamp shone through her top outlining her full breasts whenever she leaned forward to drop a card. She was apparently comfortable with her exposure since she didn't fiddle with the neckline. I'm sure Stan had a similar view as he was on the other side of the fire from her.
Clare's turn to deal and she gave Janine the high sign as she shuffled. "Time to up the stakes, guys," she said. Her slightly flushed expression gave away her somewhat tipsy condition. She even fumbled the cards dropping a few.
"Are you sure you're up to losing," I asked, watching her drop the cards a second time. Janine giggled at her clumsiness and offered to help.
"I'm up for any challenge," Clare retorted. "How about you? Scared to lose your pants again, are you?" Maggie and Janine laughed at her challenge.
"What are your stakes?" Maggie asked cautiously. "Maybe I should let you four get on with your evening."
Clare made dismissive motions and said, "We'll be betting massages, nothing to worry about. When you win you get a great massage from the losers, otherwise you have to help give one."
"Hmmm, massage sounds nice," Maggie said. "I've got a sore muscle right above my hip that wants to catch all the time."
Janine piped in with, "These three have great hands. Bet they could work that out for you."
Cards were dealt and I got a lousy hand. Nothing strong enough to even get a couple of tricks this time. I looked forward to massaging one of the girls since Stan had been steadily losing all evening. To my surprise he won the hand with a satisfied grin.
"Right then," he said. "Thanks for the new stakes – where shall I stretch out?"
Our girls giggled and motioned to the center as we rearranged ourselves to accommodate him. Clare and Janine were by his lower back and I was across his shoulders from Maggie as we prepared to pay up. She got up on her knees with the rest of us with and followed my lead on his back. A ninety second massage was the standard bet for us; long enough to feel good, short enough not to stop the card playing. As Maggie leaned up on her arms I had a great view down her top and her breasts swayed in time to her massage. I heard Clare and Janine snickering and looking I realized I'd been busted enjoying the view. I grinned in admission of my guilt as the time ran out on Stan.
Clare called a potty break before we played another round and the other two concurred. I watched them get not so steadily to their feet and head off to the bathroom in a pack surrounded by giggles. I heard laughter explode from the bathroom and wondered what comment had set that off. Stan and I claimed our own breaks after the girls returned and we got back to cards again.
This time the cards were in my favor until Clare got a surprising trick at the end. She made a face at me before claiming her place in the center. She lay down and we clustered around her working her back over. She let out a quiet moan of satisfaction as we paid our bets.
When we quit she said, "That's too quick. I want to save my next two wins and get a longer rub." There was a general agreement you could do that. Stan made the rounds with the wine again and they all refreshed their glasses.
The cards stayed against me and I lost the next few hands. They each voted to save their win for a longer massage with the next win. Clare got lucky with the cards and got the next massage which she celebrated with a squeal.
"Oh, goodie," she said looking around the room. "I want a good massage this time; none of this little finger poke stuff."
She stretched out between us and we started to rub at her.
"Hold on a minute," she said, raising enough to grab her top and pull it over her head. Her breasts swung free before she settled back down on her front.
We went back to work with me across from Maggie again. She looked up to catch me looking down her front and grinned at me. I felt like the kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar but she didn't say anything. My cock stirred at the sight and I reminded him we had other playmates but he wasn't listening.
Sitting back Maggie asked, "Do you have any lotion? My hands are too dry to work on skin."
Janine said she did and got some from the bathroom as Clare sat up. She wasn't in any hurry to cover her body and her breasts moved steadily with her breathing. Janine squirted some lotion into Maggie's hands and offered it around.
More cards and I finally managed to win a hand. Things were looking up but not just yet as Maggie won the next one.
"About time," she said. "I was beginning to wonder if you were conspiring against me." She moved to lie down in the center and asked for a pillow for her head. I passed her one and she settled down with a sigh.
"Where exactly does it catch," Clare asked. Maggie poked at a spot just above her hip on the right side. Clare slid her top up enough to clear the area and Maggie pulled her top up to just underneath her breasts before settling down. Clare ran a hand over Maggie's skin and asked for the lotion. This time I took some too and spread it between my hands to warm it.
Clare was across from me and I watched her breasts sway as she and I worked our fingers into Maggie's back. Beside me Janine and Stan were working on her shoulders but the material kept rolling up under their hands. After fighting with it for a minute Janine tugged it higher to work on her skin.
"Pull it off," came a muffled command from Maggie who rose up enough to let it slide free. Her breasts swung free before she settled back down. Janine and Stan shared some lotion and worked their fingers into her back raising some contented groans from Maggie.
Meanwhile Clare had tugged the skirt down to show the narrow band of a thong dividing Maggie's buttocks. Working her fingers hard into the lower back she slid her fingers under the waistband and rolled the thong down until we had access from the top of her buttocks up to her neck. Contented noises came from Maggie as we worked her over pretty hard. We had gone far past the time she had won but no one seemed to be ready to stop.
Finally we did stop and Maggie rose up enough to hold her top over her breasts while she sat up. She had a slightly glazed look to her eyes and they took a moment to focus.
"Wow, who's next," she asked? "That's incredible."
"Janine," I suggested. The other two agreed without an argument.
Janine moved to lie between us – hesitated for a moment and calmly removed her top before settling down. I offered the lotion to everyone and I could see Maggie think for half a second before dropping her top to one side and accepting the lotion. Her breasts were as nice as the previous views had promised. The dark nipples sat high and slightly to the outside of what looked like c cups. As she warmed the lotion between her hands they rolled and shifted heavily as the muscles underneath tightened.
She looked at Clare beside her with a smile and kneeling she leaned over Janine's body to rub her body. Stan and I watched as the two of them worked their hands across his fiancé enjoying the play of muscle and how it moved them. Clare grinned back at us before saying,
"Enjoying the show are you boys? You two are out of uniform. Get the tops off at least."
I smiled and pulled mine off throwing it to one side. Maggie shifted her knee which caught the skirt tucked in front of her pulling it half way off her hips. The pale skin continued and we saw more of the small black thong she barely wore.
"Oops," she said. She fumbled to pull it back up some but the drink and skirt combined to make that difficult. Clare just smiled at her.
"Relax," Clare said. "Don't worry about it. No one here's going to be shocked."
Janine looked up at the conversation. "Get comfortable," she said. "Those two will behave themselves," nodding at me and Stan.
Maggie bit her lower lip and replied, "I'm not after your blokes, okay." She looked a bit nervous as she struggled to remain only half naked.
Janine sat up beside Clare and they both nodded at Maggie.
"We know," Clare replied. She stood up and wiggled her jeans back down so she stood naked in front of us. Janine looked at her for a moment and then lay back to wiggle hers off her hips and down her legs.
Clare sat back down and told Maggie, "There, does that help you get comfortable?"
Maggie looked at me and Stan and you could see the wheels turning. She stopped trying to pull the skirt up but stood up and let it slide to the floor instead. Broad in the hips she looked the perfect specimen of a young woman. Freckles and pale skin covered her body and the few hairs that escaped her thong were as red as her head. She stood there almost posing while we enjoyed the view. She smiled nervously at us waiting to see what would happen next.
"Beautiful," I said.
"Absolutely," Stan agreed.
Clare looked over at us and said, "Right, lads. You're overdressed again. Drop them."
Stan grinned and stood up to drop his pants. His cock appeared half hard and painfully trapped inside his briefs.
I sat my ground. "You want them off you need to come get them," I challenged. I wasn't sure where the girls were going with this evening but I was willing to up the stakes. The three of them giggled and put their heads together. A brief conference took place before, as one, they moved towards me. Clare and Janine suddenly leapt forward to grab my arms and push me onto my back. They got on either side and stretched my arms out to the side. Yes, if I had wanted to I could have taken either or both hands back without hurting them but I was willing to play along for now.
"We've got him pinned, Maggie," Clare said. "Get his shorts, girl." I struggled in their hold giving a great impression of being helpless. Maggie moved up beside me and reached out to grab each side of the shorts. She smiled as she pulled them down my hips catching my rising cock in the waistband. Realizing I wasn't wearing any briefs under the shorts she looked at the girls in turn.
Clare grinned back at her. "Don't let that stop you," she suggested. "You won't find anything you haven't already seen today."
"Ladies, may I adjust him so we don't break anything," Maggie asked?
The girls laughed and gave consent.
Maggie reached into my shorts and moved my cock so she could pull my waistband down. Her warm hand barely reached around me and she gave it a squeeze as she adjusted things. I sprang into view hard and ready for attention. Maggie continued to remove my shorts and threw them to one side. The girls released me giggling and scooted back by the fire. Stan and I were on the other side facing them and I wondered what would be next.
Clare looked around and announced there were too many lights on again. We got up to light candles and get rid of the electric lights stirring the fire into more life. Rain still pattered against the windows and the odd rumble announced thunder in the distance. The candles gave plenty of light if we wanted to continue the card game.
Maggie sat back with her wine glass idly rolling the stem between her fingers. "So what's up with you four then," she finally asked? The girls conferred by eye and then related the story of what we were doing, each filling in details the other missed.
"Really," Maggie asked? "So you're here to get her pregnant this weekend? Now I really feel like I'm intruding," she finished with a slight frown. "Are you sure I shouldn't leave?"
"Not at all," Janine protested. "We still have fun in general; it's not all about getting pregnant."
Clare nodded in agreement. "If we thought you'd be in the way we'd have ended the evening long ago." She picked up the cards and started shuffling again.
"21?" she asked. We all nodded and she dealt the hands. My cock bobbed around in front of me leaving little damp spots wherever it touched. After all the stimulation of the day and no release I was starting to feel the effects. Having the three of them naked wasn't helping much.
I won the hand and voted to take my massage. They moved so I could lie down in the center but I couldn't find a comfortable position for my cock. I squirmed around until the girls laughed at my discomfort.
"Easy for you to laugh," I said. "You don't have a cock trying to drill holes in the floor."
"Turn over then," Clare suggested. I rolled up to see her expression and she winked at me. What the hell. I rolled over on my back and grabbed a pillow for my head. Stan ginned at me and said,
"How about a foot massage then, Mick?" I grinned back at him.
"Yeah, fine by me, thanks." He shifted down to grab my feet with a smile at the girls.
Maggie was on my left with Clare on her left leaving Janine on my right. Clare and Janine shared some lotion and leaned forward to start massaging my chest and shoulders. Stan had grabbed my right foot and was working into my arch with firm pressure. Maggie reached out to put a hand on my thigh and my cock jumped at her touch. The girls smirked at each other as I responded and Clare leaned toward Maggie.
"What to trade places, dear," she asked with a grin?
Maggie shrugged back and replied, "I don't want to poach on your territory, you know." My cock pulsated between them as Janine answered the implied question.
"Mick's a common property right now. You want a feel or even a taste you go for it. We won't yell."
Clare took Maggie's hand and guided her to my cock. I jumped again as I watched her wrap her small hand around me and slowly stroke. Janine placed one hand on my balls and fondled me as she ran her other hand across my abdomen. Clare had a pleased look on her face as she watched the two girls fondling me. She leaned over and offered me a breast to nuzzle while she whispered in my ear.
"Enjoying yourself, love? How's it feel to have three girls paying you attention?"
I groaned in response to what was happening. I felt her hand slide down my stomach until she could reach the base of my cock and circled it. She moved back so I could watch the three of them fondling me and at my feet I could see Stan anticipating his turn in the center.
"Ladies," I warned. I was leaking pre-cum steadily and it was being used to lubricate their hands. Maggie giggled and forced some onto her fingers before transferring it to her mouth.
"Got a problem, Mick?" she asked with a grin.
"If you knew what I've put up with today ..." I didn't finish the sentence as Clare dropped her mouth down to suck my cock into her mouth.
"You mean the blow-job bet?" Maggie suggested. "Yeah, they told me about that." That explained the burst of laughter from the bathroom earlier. "You've had a hard day, haven't you." She laughed at my predicament. Clare released me with a satisfied smack leaving my cock waving around in the breeze.
"Time's up," she said and they all moved back. I groaned in frustration as I was left alone. I sat up and looked around at them.
"Payback," I said. "You realize there is some serious payback on the way for each of you," I threatened them. Clare just stuck out her tongue and the others grinned. I moved back with my cock standing up in protest.
Stan dealt the next hand and Janine was the lucky winner. She moved to the center and lay on her back with a sigh.
"No more smashed tits, marvelous," she said and the girls giggled in agreement.
Stan snorted. "You're always welcome to roll over," he said and I nodded in agreement.
Stan moved to the other side of Janine with Maggie beside me and Clare across. The lotion was shared again and we settled in to massage her body. I winked at Clare and ran my hands down Janine's arm catching her wrist in my hands. Clare grinned and did the same thing on her side. I raised the arm over Janine's head and held it there stretching her out between us. Clare copied me and Janine opened her eyes.
"What are you two up to?" she asked.
"Relax, trust us," I replied.
I bent over so I could suckle at her breast and Clare followed along. Stan snorted and ran a hand under her thigh to open her legs and lift her knee while Maggie did the same beside me. Janine moaned as we handled her between us. Stan and Maggie slid their free hands across her stomach and massaged what they could reach. Stan slid his hand down to play with her cunt and I could see his fingers get wet as she opened to him.
Maggie bit at her lower lip as she watched us caress Janine and when her hand came close I released the nipple and guided her hand across Janine's breast. Maggie's skin flushed and her hand trembled as she caressed Janine – I could see her lick her lips and realized Clare had picked up on this earlier.
I looked at Clare and she gave me a conspirator's wink as she saw me realize our new friend enjoyed touching girls, too. I wondered if Maggie would openly admit to the attraction. Under us Janine moaned at the combined assault and I could see Stan's lips sucking at her clit.
"Time," said Clare sitting up and releasing Janine's arm. Janine groaned in frustration as I had but sat back up.
"That is bloody murder," she announced. I agreed with her – the constant teasing and pausing had me in a state of almost painful arousal.
Clare looked at us and asked, "Anyone want to play cards or should we just take turns in the center?"
"Depends on who's next," Janine offered. "Maybe I'll get lucky and be the next one again."
"Cut for high card?" I offered. I got nods all around.
I looked at Maggie with a question. "Are you in, lady?"
Maggie looked at us all and I could see her hesitance at the question. This evening seemed to be headed into a general orgy and she was still a bit unsure. She looked at the girls again.
"If you don't mind I'd like to stay," she said almost shyly.
Clare moved over to give her a quick hug and Janine joined them after a moment.
"You're welcome to stay," Clare said. "If something happens you don't want, just say something. No one's going to hurt you here." She finished with a smile and a quick peck on the lips.
"Shuffle the cards, Stan," Clare said. Let's see who is next in the circle of torture." We laughed at her and Stan put the deck in the middle.
"High card is next and low card gets last," Clare announced taking a card for herself.
I pulled a deuce. Crap. I sighed and made a face at my luck. Clare showed a 6 and Janine an 8. That left Maggie and Stan. Maggie turned up a Jack and we all looked to see what Stan had. He grinned and flipped over a King.
Great, not only would I be last but I got to play with his feet.
Stan turned around so his feet came my way and settled on his back. He still had briefs on and a large wet spot betrayed his own arousal. Janine made a face to say, "These will have go to start with." She tugged at the waistband and Maggie helped from our side as he lifted his hips enough to let them slide down his legs. Clare finished pulling them down and threw them to one side.
I grabbed a foot and ran my thumbs into his arch as the girls gathered around him. Maggie reached out for his thigh and hip as Clare started at his knee to massage her way up his thigh. Janine leaned over to kiss him and he fondled her breasts with his free hands. Janine slid a hand down his abdomen and caught his cock as it rose above him. Her head descended and she sucked him into her mouth.
Clare ran her hands up to his balls to cup them and Stan reached out to caress Maggie as she leaned into his hand watching him fondle her breast. They all continued for a few minutes as Stan groaned and jerked between them. Janine removed his cock from her mouth to see him playing with Maggie. She smiled and waved his cock at Maggie in invitation. Maggie bent over and smiled at Janine sliding him over her lips and deeply into her mouth. I saw her throat work as he hit her gag point and Janine stroked him into her mouth.
I doubt he even realized he had feet, never mind I was massaging one.
Clare looked down to see me watching them. She smiled and leaned down to kiss me lightly.
"Think I should call time?" she asked with a grin.
"No," I said, "he isn't that close yet. Let him get closer then call time." She chuckled at my comment and turned to watch them. Leaning over she kissed her way up his thighs while locking eyes with me. She shuffled back as she went higher up his legs and suddenly gasped. Stan's free hand had found her and he had slid a finger into her cunt. Her eyes few open and she hunched her hips around the intrusion.
Looking past her I could see Stan had his other hand inside Janine while Maggie continued to suck his cock. I could hear a lot of heaving breathing and moans from the three of them. I decided to let them continue for a while. I reached up to tweak Clare's breasts and she smiled at me with a distracted look.
Beyond her Janine was equally distracted and moving her hips on Stan's hand. Maggie sat back up and was using her hand to stroke him. She looked at me almost shyly and I smiled in encouragement. She would be the next victim and I wanted her to be comfortable with what we were doing.
The noises from these three rose and I decided it was time to change.
"Time," I said. Clare looked at me with a hint of desperation and Stan moaned as Maggie stopped. Janine sat back with a sweaty face and looked at me with a hint of accusation.
"Damn," she said. "Your timing is terrible, Mick." Small tremors ran across her body as she retreated from a small peak.
I smiled at them since that was just a taste of what I'd had all day.
"Anyone need a drink," I offered? There were nods all around and I got up to bring them back. Wine in one hand and water in the other I filled glasses while my cock bounced around in front. Maggie was the only one for water and she gave me a sly wink. I think she may have been less than truthful about her condition earlier.
"Right," said Janine. "Let's get the next victim out here then." That would be Maggie.
She moved out to the middle of the room and turned around slowly to sit in the middle. The red hair picked up the firelight surrounding her with a bright halo of color. She leaned back on her hands with her legs in front and looked around at us while we appreciated her. We had paired up again so Clare was beside me and Janine beside Stan.
Clare reached out to stroke her hair while asking, "Any boundaries?"
Maggie shook her head and bit at her lower lip. "No," she replied. "I'll trust you."
"Then lie back," Clare said. As Maggie lay down Janine and Clare hooked their fingers in the strap of her thong and gently pulled it down her legs. It fought being removed and the cloth was soaked. Her scent wafted out to me and I inhaled deeply. Discarding the thong Clare ran her fingers back up the inside of Maggie's leg causing her to gasp. Goosebumps appeared across her body and she trembled.
We moved to place our hands on her and she closed her eyes with a contented sigh. Stan leaned over to caress her breast with his mouth as Janine and Clare slid their hands around the back of her legs to lift her knees. Maggie grabbed at Stan's hair and pulled him to her torso with faint moans. Clare nodded at me to slide my head between her legs which I was happy to do. I started kissing the inside of her knees and worked my way slowly up her thighs. The girls stopped her from closing her legs as I got closer to her sex. She was wet and the scent filled my senses as my tongue got closer to my goal.
Clare and Janine held her hands beside her body and Stan knelt beside her head to offer her his cock. She was licking the head as he moved closer preparing to fill her mouth again.
I slid my tongue along her slit and teased her clit from beneath its protection. She gasped as I forced my tongue inside her to taste her deeply. Looking up I saw Clare and Janine suckling her nipples and playing with her breasts while Stan stroked himself into her mouth. She moaned around him and trembled as my tongue danced inside her. The girls watched us pleasuring Maggie between us and Clare slid a finger down to circle her clit. Janine followed along and I saw her finger exploring inside Maggie's cunt as I continued my tongue's assault.
Soon Maggie was thrashing around, jerking her hips against the hands and mouth playing with her sex. She was moving her head backwards and forward on Stan sucking at his cock. She looked close to a small climax at least and her cunt was soaking my face.
Clare sat back up with a smile; "Time," she announced and we all stopped our caresses. Maggie was reluctant to stop and groaned her disappointment.
"No," she begged, almost begging to continue. She was breathing fast and her skin had started to flush.
We smiled at her impatience while Janine said, "My turn."
With a final groan Maggie rolled out of the way so Janine could lie down between us. Maggie moved so she was on my right across Janine's legs. Her eyes were bright and her nipples still stuck out a mile. Smiling she leaned over to kiss me licking at the wetness around my lips.
"You have to finish that," she warned me. "You have a glorious tongue."
Clare giggled at her saying, "He should have, we give him enough practice." They laughed together and Maggie worked to get her breathing under control. She pulled her sweaty hair back from her face and looked along the body in front of us. She licked her lips again – this time in anticipation I would bet.
Clare gave me a quiet wink and moved to expose Janine as before. Latching onto a breast she used her hand to lift Janine's leg open and slid a finger across her cunt. Maggie matched her on the other side and Clare guided her hand to caress Janine's sex. I saw fingers disappear inside as Maggie explored our friend intimately. I placed my hands inside her knees and spread her wider as the girls used their hands on her. Janine started to keen her arousal which Stan quickly muffled with his cock again.
I moved down to plant kisses along her inner thighs. When Maggie looked down I motioned for her to join me. She hesitated and I motioned again. She moved slowly and I moved Janine's left leg so Maggie's head was between them with me. Clare kept manipulating Janine's clit and watched as we settled in together.
I kissed inside her right leg and nodded in invitation to Maggie. She hesitated and I repeated the kiss a little higher with another invitation. Slowly her mouth approached the thigh and she planted a tentative kiss of her own.
I kissed higher and waited for Maggie to follow. She looked nervous and I whispered a question to her.
"Do you not want to?" I asked.
She shook her head. "It's not that," she replied quietly licking her lips. "I'm ... uh ... it's that ... uh" she stuttered a partial answer before laying another kiss higher on Janine's thigh. She trembled and her eyes became hooded as I encouraged her to continue.
I slid my fingers along Janine's sex and gently parted her lips. Maggie followed my progress intently as Janine squirmed to my caresses. I slid two fingers inside her cunt which accepted them easily. I stroked them gently inside her and then withdrew them covered in her excitement. Maggie was almost drooling as I slowly brought them to my mouth and licked at them.
Looking her in the eyes I extended my hand to her mouth so she could smell Janine. Maggie's resistance ended abruptly as she sucked my fingers deep into her mouth. She shuddered as if in climax as she sucked Janine's juices from my fingers moaning. When she released them I nodded towards Janine's open cunt in invitation. I took another taste myself and then kissed Maggie gently, opening her mouth with my tongue.
With a look of surrender Maggie moved to slide her own tongue along Janine's cunt. With a final sigh she attacked it just as I would; nibbling and caressing it with her tongue. She moved her hands up to part the lips and massage the delicate skin around as I was forgotten. I moved away to give her unfettered access but I don't think she noticed.
Clare looked down to see me supplanted. She kissed her way down Janine's body and slid her hands down lower to caress her inner thighs. Maggie's mouth was plastered on her cunt and she eagerly lapped at the aroused flesh. She was moaning and had brought a hand up to slide fingers inside Janine.
I put my hand out to caress Maggie's buttock and she leaned back into my touch. I slid my hand around until I could feel the heat of her cunt and gently played with her lips. Clare sat up to watch me and leaned over to slide her hands down Maggi's back until she could hold each cheek in her palms. Raising a hand she playfully slapped at the vulnerable cheek which had Maggie jump in response. Maggie arched her back and widened her knees as her mouth stayed firmly planted between Janine's thighs.
Clare smiled at me, motioning me to move between Maggie's legs. I slid two fingers into Maggie and used my thumb to rub circles around her clit. She moaned and arched her back into my hand without missing a lick in Janine's cunt. I moved so I was kneeling behind her and Clare moved beside us.
Clare reached out to stroke my cock keeping one hand on Maggie. My cock was aching for release after a day of teasing and pre-cum dripped from the head. Maggie was soaking wet and moving her hips around the fingers I had inside. She could obviously feel me brushing inside her thighs as she would squeeze them against me and release.
Clare guided my cock to her entrance and used the head to open her lips, coating me in the free flowing juice. I moved my hands to her hips in preparation to enter her and Maggie wiggled her butt in anticipation. Clare continued to tease her with my cock at her entrance, sliding me around and bumping her clit. It was sweet torture and I was more than ready to drive home. Janine was gasping for air and moaning constantly around Stan's cock.
Finally Clare lined me up giving me a nod. I pushed forward through Clare's hand sinking deeply into Maggie's cunt. Her body tensed around me and a loud moan came from between Janine's legs. I pulled back to push deeper and felt resistance before I expected. I could see a good inch of my cock still waiting to enter her even though she was soaking wet. I moved myself slowly to be sure I was wet enough for deep penetration and tried again.
Clare had moved her hand to cup my balls as I moved in an attempt to push the rest of my cock inside Maggie's cunt. Maggie was gasping but it felt like she was flinching from taking all of me. I stopped trying to force the last inch and stroked what I could bury into her. Clare raised an eyebrow as she saw me holding back.
Reaching under Maggie Clare slid her fingers across her clit. I felt her jump at the touch and tremors ran through her body. Clare's fingers moved in regular circles and Maggie shoved back against each thrust I made. Janine was bouncing around making obscene noises and Stan had abandoned her mouth. I caught his eye and nodded at Clare who was bent over playing with Maggie's breast and Janine's leg. He smiled and moved around behind her.
Clare looked back at him as he prepared to enter her from behind.
"I was just about to call tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime," she finished with a gasp. Stan grinned down at her with his cock half-buried inside.
"Really?" he asked. "Isn't that nice," he continued, burying himself balls deep with a firm thrust.
Clare sucked air and struggled to get a sentence out as her body responded to his penetration. Her head dropped down and her hips pushed back against him. She let out a series of small noises.
Janine opened her eyes and focused on Stan's cock disappearing in Clare. She gasped and bucked against Maggie's mouth as another climax shook her body. She lifted a hand to caress Clare's backside and the other one suddenly grabbed at Maggie's hair.
She grunted out, "Ungh ... ungh ... don't you dare ... even think ... about calling ... time. FUCK!" Her eyes were bulging and sweat poured from her body. I could see Maggie had most of her hand inside her cunt and was moving it around as my thrusts drove her mouth into the cunt before her. Her thumb was up on Janine's clit but that seemed to be all stopping her hand from disappearing inside.
Janine rocked harder and both hands suddenly clenched; one digging into Clare's butt cheek and the other deeply into the red hair of her fellatrix. Clare's head shot back at the sudden pain and Stan took advantage to wrap her hair in one hand to hold it back. Janine screamed as her orgasm hit and she thrashed about uncontrollably. Maggie managed to keep her lips on her cunt and growled as she tasted Janine's excitement.
I was past the point of stopping and knew I was going to explode whether I stopped or not. I managed to gasp out a warning and felt myself sink deeper into Maggie as she fucked me back. I dug my hands into her hips slamming myself forward with each hard, quick stroke. There was no obstruction now and I reveled in the feeling of the hot, wet body around me.
Clare was equally wild swearing at Stan to fuck harder and he rode her to another orgasm with her head pulled back by her hair. I heard him yell as he came hard and they shuddered together in release.
Maggie released her mouth from Janine's cunt and rose up slightly on both hands. Her body sucked at me and she thrust back with equal force. I was close and my long-delayed climax would be intense. Reaching forward I caressed her breasts feeling the hard nubs of her nipples in my palms. She sucked air and made noises as we both approached our peak. Her tight buttocks slammed against me with each drive of our bodies.
"On your back?" I managed to gasp out.
"Hell, yes!" she grunted in response and we quickly moved beside Janine who rolled up on her side to watch us. Stan and Clare were behind her having collapsed together in a sweaty heap.
Pure lust met me as I quickly mounted Maggie. Her first hip thrust settled me deeply into her again and she wrapped her legs around my hips. Her hands pulled at my shoulders as she used them to anchor her body.
I knew I wouldn't last and felt my climax building. She could see it in my expression as I rose up and drove my cock into her with a quick series of hard thrusts. I felt her cunt spasm around me and her own climax hit a second before mine. Her legs became a vise and I felt nails digging into my back for the second time in as many days. She screamed and bit my shoulder hard as her body shuddered around me.
I erupted and sent wave after wave of sperm deep into her body as sweat poured of us. We fought for breath and I could feel my heart racing to keep up with my demands. All strength left me and I dropped onto the slight body beneath me. I could feel her heart pounding as well as we shook and trembled through aftershocks.
A hand caressed my back and I managed to look to the side where the others laid. Janine had reached out to touch us and was softly stroking our sweaty bodies . Beyond her Clare was on her side with Stan still holding her in his embrace.
"Thank you," Janine murmured and kissed Maggie on the lips. "That was incredible," she continued.
Maggie smiled back. "My pleasure," she replied.
I felt exhausted and the pain of new abuses to my back made itself known. With luck, Janine would let me have a breather before asking me to try to get her pregnant tonight.
With luck.
... to be continued ...