There's nothing sexier than a confident woman.
***
Sienna was a woman who exudes that confidence. It had propelled her to stardom. In high school, she won the lead role for every play she auditioned for. In college, she performed bigger plays. In her late 20's, she earned supporting roles for popular tv shows. Early 30's, she landed movie roles.
Her talents were versatile. She made sitcoms funnier. She made audiences cry with dramatic roles. She was Hollywood's new 'it' girl.
As her fame grew, so did her ambitions. Sienna was a woman on a mission. Be the absolute best.
***
On a film set. Richard entered the private trailer and greeted the actress with a kiss. He carried two cups of coffee, one for him, one for her. The actress was still in costume while there was a break during filming. She sat across from him and they prepared to discuss business.
"Thanks for taking the time to meet with me," Richard said.
Sienna winked. "Anything for you."
"I know you're busy, so I'll keep things brief. Did you read my script?"
"I did," she nodded. "And I really liked it. It'll be a great movie."
"Wonderful, because I need you to star in it."
"I don't know," Sienna replied, shaking her head. "Normally, I'd be all over this role. But I'm booked for the rest of the year."
"I know. I've already spoken to your manager about this, and there's a way to squeeze this movie into your schedule."
"I'm listening."
Richard sharpened his approach. "You have a month off in June. All I'm asking for is 3 weeks."
"That doesn't sound like much time to shoot a lead role."
"I know. But we can shoot all of your scenes during that time period. For a movie like this, it shouldn't be a problem."
Sienna thought for a moment. "Look, Richard, I really appreciate you visiting me. And I really appreciate this offer. I really do. I think it's an amazing part. But your time frame is too much for me. I'll be burnt out if I try to squeeze your movie into my schedule."
"I know. I know. I get it."
"You're probably better off with another actress."
"But I needyou," he insisted. "This part was written withyouin mind. No one else."
"That's very flattering."
"It's the truth. The studio thinks my script has a lot of potential, and they're willing to give you a big push during award season, assuming we finish in time. Your manager also thinks this movie has Oscar bait written all over it. Think about it, you've never won a major award yet. This could be your chance."
Sienna took another pause. "You're making it so hard for me to refuse."
"This role isperfectfor you."
"I don't know. My schedule is already tight. Can this be pushed back until the end of the year? Maybe we can release it next year."
He shook his head. "The studio wants this movie for award season. Women are the new big thing. The execs feel that this is their best chance to win gold. If I don't cast you, I'll have to go to another actress."
Thoughts swirled in Sienna's head. She imagined another actress winning an Oscar for the role that was meant forher. She imagined another actress walking on stage during the best picture award. The role that was meant forher.
"No promises," she finally said. "But I'll get in touch with my management and maybe we'll work out a schedule for June."
"Thank you! You're making a wonderful decision."
Richard briefly stood up in the small trailer and reached over to give Sienna a big hug. Then he sat back down.
"But there's one condition," she said, adding caution to the celebration. "I'd like a few changes made to the script."
He gave a surprised look. "What's wrong with the script?"
"Nothing is wrong with it. I love it. It's one of the best scripts I've ever read. But some of the stuff isn't for me. I can't do everything required for this role."
"Like what?"
"Has my manager talked to you about my stance on nudity?" she asked.
"Briefly. Nudity is an integral part of the story though."
"No exceptions," she firmly stated.
Richard gave a defeated nod. "Okay, we can work around that. Maybe we can use a body double for the nude scenes. The audience won't be able to tell the difference after editing."
"I also have problems with some of the other scenes. The content of the scenes, I mean. Your script is brilliant, but some stuff is a little too erotic for me."
He thought for a moment. "I won't change the major plot points. You have to understand that. But maybe we can improvise on set. If something is too risque for you, then we can improvise around it. Sound good?"
"That sounds reasonable."
"So do we have a preliminary agreement?" he asked cautiously.
Sienna extended a handshake. "I'll notify my managers and lawyers."
***
Signing contracts are what makes Sienna feel famous.
Not the hounding paparazzi. Not the adoring fans. Not the glamorous movie premieres. Not seeing her face on screen or on magazine covers. And not even the money, since she was born to rich parents.
It was the contracts that made her feel special.
There was always something magical about reading contracts. The words on the pages were clear: A studio was willing to throw $10 million dollars at her, plus 10% of the profits, if she would be the star of their movie. Perks and benefits included. It always gave her a positive feeling.
Reading every line of the contract showed Sienna her worth as an actress. It wasn't an ego thing, but a validation of her lifetime achievements.
***
The set was quiet and dark. Richard's movie was in the first week of production and the schedule was tight. They were shooting in an indoor pool area.
Sienna was being filmed in a long solo scene. She did her best to convey the emotions of the character. The scene called for her to disrobe and get inside the pool. So she did. She untied her robe to reveal her bare back. Her front was covered with nipple pasties, so nothing private was revealed. And she wore a thin pair of flesh colored panties.
"More physical emotion," Richard whispered. "Be sexier."
With every moment, Sienna tried her best to please the director. She tried her best to be sexy and sultry as she entered the pool.
"Cut!" Richard yelled.
An assistant came rushing towards Sienna with a towel. She got out of the pool and covered herself. The body-double came on set, ready to film the bare bottom scene.
"I'm sorry," Sienna said to the director. "I just wasn't feeling the scene."
He nodded. "It's okay. You did good."
"Do you think we should film the pool scene again?"
"That won't be necessary. Your face shots were fine. The body-double will do the rest."
"Okay," Sienna nodded, slightly disappointed that a body-double would be upstaging her in some way.
"Why don't we talk about this later?" Richard asked. "I'll come meet you in your trailer. Just the two of us."
She smiled, "That sounds good."
"Great. I'll meet you there in an hour."
The director turned his attention back to the set, where the body-double recreated Sienna's pool scene. Sienna stayed on set a while and watched the filming from a small distance. She couldn't help but notice that the body-double had a beautiful rear end, and was far more sultry at disrobing and entering the pool.
***
By the time Richard came to her trailer, Sienna was already dried with her clothes on. She was putting on her make-up when the director came for a chat. They both sat down next to each other. Richard looked like he was ready for a heart-to-heart conversation.
"What's going on?" he asked with sincerity. "Tell me what's on your mind."
She gave him a warm look. "You sound so used to dealing with insecure overpaid actresses."
"Nearly 20 years in the business, I've dealt with my fair share," he joked.
"Yeah, well, I never thought I'd be one of them."
"Every performer goes through this at some point in their careers. At least many of the greats do. It's a healthy part of growing as an artist."
Sienna nodded. "I knew the risks of taking this role. I don't know, I guess I wanted to push myself. Maybe I was selfish for not letting another actress take this role instead. A more qualified actress."
"First of all, every actress needs to push herself. You included. Secondly, you're perfectly qualified for this role."
"Oh yeah? Then why do I feel like shit right now? I mean, even the freaking body-double did a better job than me."
"Butyou'rethe lead actress," he reassured. "You're the person that people want to see. And for good reason. You have all the talent in the world."
She smiled, "Thanks. My fragile ego needed to hear that."
"Anytime."
"So what now? Have I officially ruined your movie with my underwhelming performance so far?"
"Not yet," he teased. "But in all seriousness, I have a way of assisting your performance. It's unconventional, but it works."
Sienna raised an eyebrow. "Let's hear it."
"Well, I've been reviewing all of the scenes we've filmed this past week. Most of it is good stuff. But you're right, you're stiff in some scenes. Thankfully, those aren't the pivotal scenes. Your key scenes will be filmed in the next two weeks, and we'll need you at your best, especially if you want a shot during awards season."
"I'm listening."
"There's someone I can hire for you. Just for you. No one else needs to know about it. So it's strictly confidential."
"You mean an acting coach?" she asked, feeling slightly insulted.
"Not exactly. But I can hire someone to help loosen you up for the big scenes. It's worked before in the past."
"You're being impossibly vague."
"Do you trust me?" he asked.
"Of course I trust you."
He winked. "There's a reason why my actresses have received so much praise. And it's not always because of me. I know someone who can help."
"Just make the call," she sighed. "I refuse to deliver a bad performance."
"You're making the right decision. You won't regret it."
"So how is this going to work?"
"The production is on break during the weekend. Is your schedule free during that time?" he asked.
"I wanted to go sight-seeing in the city. But obviously this is more important. Sure, I'll be free all weekend."
"I'll send someone to your suite on Saturday morning," he said.
"A perfect way to spend my weekend," she sighed.
Their conversation was finished, and Richard gave a few more compliments about how great she's been doing. Sienna knew it was just to avoid hurt feelings.
Before he left, Richard stood by the door and faced the actress.
"One more thing," he added. "Please keep an open mind. I'm paying for the sessions. You don't have to do anything. If you want stop, that's okay. But I hope you keep your mind open during the process. See you Monday."
He left the trailer, closing the door, and Sienna sat in front of the dresser, looking at her face in the mirror. She continued putting the final touches to her make-up, then she sighed. Giving a bad performance in a great movie wasn't an option. She was determined to make things work.
***
Sienna loved meeting new people.
Her mother had a saying: 'It never hurts to say hello.'
It was a motto which Sienna lived by. She loved introducing herself to other people in the business, and she loved interacting with her fans whenever possible. It was one of the blessings of her life, she thought.
She considered her fame a blessing because of how many people she was able to meet in life. She rarely ever turned down a friendly conversation, and she enjoyed learning about people's lives.
There was a knock on her door on the early Saturday morning. The weekend was originally scheduled to be a break from the rigorous filming schedule, but the director had other ideas for her.
With her morning clothes on, Sienna answered the door.
The woman at the door was a striking beauty with a model physique. She wore a sleek stylish dress. What struck Sienna most about the woman was the bold red lipstick which was uniquely sexy. The woman was tall, and her height was bolstered by a pair of high heels.
"Hi," Sienna answered. "You must be..."
"I'm Heather," the woman replied confidently. "It's such a pleasure to finally meet you. I'm a big fan of your work."
"Oh, thank you. Please, come in."
Heather entered the expensive hotel suite. Her heels made loud noises on the hard surface of the floor. She looked around and noted the beauty and luxury of the suite.
"Nice place," Heather said.
"Thank you. So, do you work for the studio?"
"Not exactly. The work I do is a bit more exclusive."
Heather reached inside her small purse and handed Sienna a business card. The card was plain. There was no address or contact information. The only thing on the card was a company name:
High Heels, Red Lipstick
There was a kiss mark on the card, which was faintly imprinted red lipstick from a woman's lips.
"This card doesn't tell me anything," Sienna noted.
"Just the name of our brand. Our services are exclusive, and we're highly selective. You can keep that card. It's for you."
"What services do you provide?"
"It depends," Heather replied cryptically. "The director said you were a bit uptight on set. That you need to loosen up."
Sienna gave an embarrassed shrug. "Kind of. Only for this movie. Are you an acting coach or something?"
"I don't know anything about acting. But I've helped Richard before. Whenever his actress needs help, I get the call. Several months later, those actresses receive critical praise and awards."
"Funny, I've never heard of you, orHigh Heels, Red Lipstick."
"We are very exclusive," Heather replied. "Which reminds me, before we get started, I'll need a signature."
Heather reached inside her small purse and unfolded a piece of paper. She placed the paper on a nearby countertop, along with a pen. Sienna looked at the paper, which had cursive handwriting on it.
"What is it?" Sienna asked.
"It's a confidentiality agreement. Obviously, many of the top actresses in Hollywood don't want their secrets revealed. Especially since we deal with highly sensitive information."
Sienna sharpened her eyes. "And if I refuse to sign?"
"Then I leave. No hard feelings. But if you sign the paper, then everything that happens between us will remain confidential. It's that simple."
Sienna quickly read the informal contract. The words were written in simple English, and there was no complex legal jargon. She picked up the pen and signed the paper. It was a done deal.
"Great," Heather smiled, folding the paper and putting it back in her purse. "Now we're ready to begin."
***
They took a walk outside in the city. Sienna was make-up free and she wore a plain outfit. It was her intent to remain anonymous. No one recognized her. As they walked down the street, heads turned to look at Heather, with her bold red lips and sexy long legs which were emphasized by the high heels.
Deep down, Sienna was kind of jealous that Heather was getting all the attention and gazes.
"Why did you want to become an actress?" Heather asked with sincerity.
There was a genuine curiosity to the question that delighted Sienna. She was used to being asked tons of questions by the media and fans, but she could tell that Heather was actually interested in getting to know the real person, not just the celebrity.
"My parents were avid lovers of stage productions. I grew up watching stage plays and musicals. I was mesmerized each time, even though I couldn't understand what was going on. But I was drawn to the costumes, the energy, and the passion. When I became old enough to consider a career, I knew I wanted to be an actress. Nothing else seemed important to me"
"You're very lucky. Not many people find their calling in life."
"I know," Sienna replied. "Frankly, I was stunned the first time I was cast as the lead role in a high school musical. I couldn't believe it. The rest is history. I was fortunate to get higher profile roles over time. I always count my blessings."
Heather smiled as they walked. "Now here you are, a big celebrity."
"Yeah, well, I don't think people on this street notice. They're all busy checking you out."
"Dressing to perfection is part of my job."
Sienna nodded. "Speaking of which, are you ever going to tell me what your job is? You seem like a very nice person, I trust you, but you've been incredibly vague this entire time."
"Fair enough.High Heels, Red Lipstickis a service run by women, for women. We cater to whatever needs our clients have. And we achieve our goals by whatever means necessary."
"How does this relate to acting?"
"Well, the last actress I worked with was nervous for the important seduction scenes. So I was hired to make her feel comfortable. Before filming, I went to her private trailer and went down on her."
"Did you just say that you..."
"I licked her pussy," Heather bluntly stated.
Sienna stopped walking and stood still on the sidewalk. She looked around to make sure that no one heard their private conversation. She didn't know whether to be angry, shocked, or amused.
"You what?" she asked with a slightly angry tone.
Heather gave a calm look. "Like I said, we achieve our goals by whatever means necessary. And sometimes that includes oral sex."
"I can't believe you're talking to me like this."
"We should be open and honest with each other."
"Does Richard know about this?" Sienna asked.
"Of course he does. Why do you think he requested me? And why do you think that so many of his actresses receive such critical praise for their work with him? It's because Richard knows how to get an actress to loosen up."
Sienna shook her head. "I can't believe I'm standing here talking to you about this. This is very unprofessional. Even if it's a joke."
"Let me ask you something: Have you ever won an award for your acting? More importantly, do youwantto win an award?"
Sienna stood with an icy cold expression on her face. She refused to answer.
"That's what I figured," Heather said. "I'm here for you. I want to help you succeed. But you have to work with me. If you're not comfortable with this, then that's perfectly fine. No hard feelings."
Sienna tightened her lips, which made the tip of her nose slightly wiggle.
"Fine. I'm curious."
Heather smiled. "Let's go."
They continued walking down the street. Heather remained upbeat with a sassy and confident attitude.
"Are you a lesbian?" Sienna asked softly, so that other people on the sidewalk couldn't hear it.
"Does it matter?"
"Not really. I just want to know."
"I don't really care for labels," Heather replied. "They don't do any good."
"Okay."
"Don't tell me you're an actress who's never experimented with other women."
"I'm afraid women like us exist," Sienna replied playfully. "Not every actress in Hollywood is an open book. Not that there's anything wrong with that."
"I can tell you're a very principled woman. I respect that about you. You have a very humble outlook which I think is appealing."
"My family and my beliefs keep me grounded."
"That's very important in life."
As they walked, Sienna couldn't stop thinking about what actresses Heather must have 'worked' with. It was easy to narrow down the candidates. Richard had a reputation for getting women to deliver stellar performances. Sienna briefly imagined the different actresses engaging in oral sex with the extremely beautiful Heather. It was a jarring thought and a taboo secret.
"Is this a joke?" Sienna asked while they continued walking. "Please tell me I'm being pranked right now."
"Do you think a highly respected director like Richard would prank his lead actress in the midst of an intense movie shoot?"
Sienna was tongue tied for a moment. "No."
"There's your answer. You're not being pranked."
"So you've actually... you know... done those things with other actresses?"
Heather gave a mischievous smile. "Do sapphic encounters make you uncomfortable?"
"I just want to know. I'm friends with a lot of the actresses that Richard has worked with."
"That's too bad. Because I'm not allowed to tell. That's what the confidentiality agreement is for, remember?"
"Right."
"You'll just have to use your imagination," Heather teased. "Maybe I've worked with all of them. Maybe just two or three. I'll never tell."
"Have you worked with all of them the same way? I mean, oral sex?"
"That's a big part of it. I've been told I have a tongue like an angel. I've also been told that I taste like heaven."
Heather faintly gestured down to her crotch, which meant that some of the actresses enjoyed performing oral sex on her.
"Oh my..."
"It's nothing to be ashamed of," Heather replied. "It's fun, it's harmless, and it feels amazing. Most importantly, it helps the actress get ready for each important scene. Before you know it, you have a hit performance."
They continued walking a few more minutes until they finally reached their destination: The private indoor pool where the movie had been shooting.
"Why did you bring me here?" Sienna asked. "It's closed."
"Actually, I have the key. Come on, let's go inside."
***
Sienna was naturally a talkative person.
She prided herself on being able to connect with people. It was an attribute which allowed her to thrive during auditions and performances.
But with Heather, it was different. Their interaction wasn't social or business. It was bordering on sexual. It was like a private little sexy adventure. It was a mystery. It made her slightly nervous in an uncomfortable way.
Deep down, Sienna expected hidden cameras to be in the pool area. That it was all a joke from the crew. Maybe people were hiding in the rooms, waiting to come out and laugh. Maybe it would appear on tv later. Sienna played along so she would look good on tv. Being humble and showing humility from a prank would be good publicity, she thought.
But another part of Sienna knew that it wasn't a joke. It felt too real. It felt too genuine. It was like she was living in a dream.
Heather flipped a few switches and the indoor pool area became well-lit. She raised her arms and playfully spun around as she entered. Her heels made loud noises on the hard surface. Sienna followed behind.
"Kind of scary, isn't it?" Heather said in a jovial mood. "Feels like we're in a horror movie or something. No one is around. Just us, trapped near the swimming pool. Someone is chasing us. What are we going to do?"
Sienna gave a smile. "Don't worry. I'll protect us with my carefully choreographed anti-villain movie techniques."
"That's what I needed to hear."
Heather stood near the pool. She stepped out of her high heels. Then she dipped some of her toes in the pool. She twirled her foot around in the water, then she pulled her foot out. The water was cold.
"What are we doing here?" Sienna asked. "Is this a prank? If it is, then you've already had your fun."
Heather put her feet back in her high heels.
"There's no prank darling. I know you take your acting seriously. I totally respect that. I also know that you're extremely talented. However, Richard feels that your performance isn't up to par."
"Why didn't Richard tell me this himself?" Sienna asked.
"I think he's been trying to. It's difficult for a man to critique a woman. So he hired me instead, to help you."
Sienna stared into the clear pool. She was devoted to her acting career. She had worked too hard to achieve her success. She had come too far to be ruined by a bad performance. In the modern age, she was afraid of being ridiculed and mocked online. A promise had been made to herself, that she would do whatever it takes to succeed.Whatever it takes.
"Tell me what to do," Sienna said, looking at the other woman's eyes. "I want to give the performance of my career."
Heather nodded. "Do you know what Richard wants for this role?"
"What?"
"He wants a more sexual performance. He thinks you're perfect for the acting and the long dialogue scenes. But so far, he's been underwhelmed with your lack of sex appeal."
Sienna shook her head in disappointment. "I'm trying my best. I guess I don't have that in me."
"Are you afraid of doing nude scenes? It's okay if you are."
"It's complicated."
Heather gestured her arms to the empty pool area. "No one is around. And we have the whole place to ourselves. There's plenty of time to talk."
"Mind if we sit? My legs are exhausted."
They removed their shoes and sat by the edge of the pool with their feet in the water. Their bottoms were uncomfortable from sitting on the hard surface. But their feet were relaxed from the cool water flowing between their toes.
"The truth is, I wouldn't mind doing on-screen nudity," Sienna explained. "I think the human body is a beautiful artform. Especially a woman's body, no matter what the size, shape, or color is. I find all women to be beautiful."
"Yet, there's obviously something that's prohibiting you from achieving your ideal performance."
"I know," Sienna agreed. "Throughout my career, I've always prided myself on being able to tell the stories of different women. But for some reason, I can't seem to nail this role."
"Any theories?"
"Probably because I'm naturally a huge geek."
"Could be," Heather nodded. "Or maybe you just haven't found your sexual side yet. Many women don't feel sexually confident until they've reached their 40's or 50's."
Sienna briefly put her face in the palm of her hands. "Oh gosh, this is really gonna put a damper on my career as a dramatic actress."
"So your goal is dramatic acting?"
"That's the goal of most actresses I think. There's more prestige that way."
"Is this something that's important to you?" Heather asked sincerely. "Do you really want to do erotic or nude scenes? Are you going to have regrets some day? I don't want you to make the wrong decision in life."
"I wouldn't mind because it's for the sake of art."
"I hear that a lot," Heather noted.
"I'm sure. It's all part of the performance."
"Most actresses I've worked with seem like closet exhibitionists. They enjoy the rush of being nude on a film set. Having all eyes on their bare bodies. And they enjoy the exhibitionist thought of letting people see their nude bodies on screen for decades to come."
"That doesn't surprise me at all," Sienna replied.
Heather raised an eyebrow. "Do you fit that description? If you got naked on set, would you secretly be aroused?"
"To be honest, I probably would."
"What about the thought of people seeing your naked body in a movie theater, or on tv? And all over the internet. Does that excite you as well?"
"It's intimidating to think about," Sienna answered. "But I'd probably be aroused in some weird way. It'll be super awkward knowing that my family and friends have seen me naked though."
"So you're a closet exhibitionist then?" Heather teased.
"Kind of, I guess. But there's also an artistry to it. You know, using your body to tell a story. I love all of it."
"Richard wants to reshoot the pool scene with you, instead of using the body-double."
"Really?"
Heather nodded. "Yes, really. He looked at the footage last night and he thinks it looks fake using the double. He wants to useyourbody, andyournaked ass. If everything goes well, he wants you to do the nude scenes, without the body-double."
There was a sudden silence between them. Sienna looked at the pool, watching the water waves from their moving feet. She wondered if it was finally time to shed her inhibitions.
"I'll give it a shot," Sienna stated. "I want this performance to be the defining role of my career. I'll do it."
"Well..."
"What do you mean? Well what?"
"Actors are supposed to rehearse, right?" Heather asked rhetorically. "So why don't you rehearse now?"
"Right now? Here? With you?"
"Why not? It's just us. If you can't do it for me, then you won't be able to do it for the camera."
Sienna gave a look of confidence. "You never give up, do you?"
"A strong woman never gives up."
"Fine," Sienna replied with a playful shrug. "I'll be getting naked anyway. I might as well give you the first peek."
Heather gave a seductive smile. "That's the spirit which earns award nominations. If you're any good, you'll be collecting trophies soon."
"Now you're just teasing me."
After a playful sigh, Sienna lifted her feet out of the water and stood on the hard pavement. She took a few steps away from Heather to create space between them. She kept her back towards Heather.
Slowly her fingers worked to undo her clothes. She tried to be seductive in the way she moved. Her first movements were awkward.
"Try being a little sexier," Heather commented.
Sienna stopped for a moment. "I'm doing my best."
"I'm not totally convinced. If you can't seduce me, how can you seduce the camera, or the audience?"
"Any suggestions?" Sienna asked, with her back still turned to Heather.
"Try moving your hips a little," Heather said. "Move your shoulders in a sultry way. Be smooth. Relax. Remember, your job is to make me aroused. Make my pussy wet with your body language. Be the sexy woman you are."
The advice only made Sienna more nervous, but she tried her best to follow the instructions. She gently swayed her hips and moved her shoulders with the intent of making Heather aroused. It was the first time in Sienna's life that she had ever tried to arouse another woman. It was fun, but awkward.
Piece by piece, Sienna's clothes were undone, and she tossed them to the floor. There weren't any complaints, so she assumed she was doing a good job. Before long, Sienna was in her bra & panties for Heather to see.
Sienna turned and faced Heather, showing her scantily clad body to the other woman.
"Do you expect me to get naked?" Sienna asked in a serious tone.
"Are you getting naked in the movie?"
"I guess that's the new plan."
"So if you're rehearsing, then you better get naked," Heather said. "Doesn't that make sense? I'll give you advice so you'll become extra sexy."
There was no point in arguing. Sienna unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her pert little breasts were on display, with her pink nipples aroused. Then she reached below to drop her panties, kicking them away with her foot.
Heather raised an eyebrow. "Oh my. Very nice. Such a clean shave between your legs. Cute nipples too. You're a lovely thing."
"What now?" Sienna asked with her hands on her hips. "I'm already naked for you."
"Well, the script calls for you to get in the pool, doesn't it?"
Sienna gave a skeptical look, knowing where the conversation was headed.
"It does."
"Then you know what comes next," Heather smiled. "It's time for you to get in the pool. And make it sexy. I want to be aroused."
The last comment put extra pressure on Sienna to give a sexy private performance. It was hard enough being naked in front of Heather. She could only imagine what it would feel like with the film crew there, and the cameras rolling.
She walked towards the steps of the pool and slowly entered. Starting with her feet, she entered the pool. She tried to make it as sexy as possible. Then her legs, thighs, and midsection entered the pool. She walked in the shallow end of the pool and stopped to look at Heather.
"There," Sienna said. "That's the entire scene."
"How do you feel?"
"The water is super freezing cold."
"I can tell. Your nipples are rock hard," Heather said with a wink.
Sienna looked down at her hardened pink nipples, then she gave them a quick rub to warm them up.
"Can I get out of the pool yet?"
"No," Heather replied. "Are you aroused? Does being an exhibitionist excite you? Did you enjoy entertaining me?"
Sienna thought for a moment. "Kind of. I enjoyed it."
"Are you warm between the legs?"
"Not when the water is this freezing," Sienna said with a shaking voice from the cold water.
"Well, you better warm yourself up."
"What do you have in mind?"
Heather pointed between Sienna's legs. "Reach down and touch yourself. Make it feel good. That'll keep you warm."
"You expect me to masturbate for you?"
"If you can masturbate in front of me, think of how comfortable you'll be in front of the camera. You'll be the Queen of erotic movies."
There was a brief moment where both women looked each other in the eyes without saying a word. Sienna knew that Heather was completely serious. Sienna thought about the achievements of past actresses, and what they had to go through to deliver spectacular performances, no matter what the cost.
She dipped her right hand in the water and touched between her legs. Her eyes never broke contact with Heather. They continued looking at each other while Sienna rubbed the outer layer of her vagina in the cold water. A slight smile appeared on Heather's face.
"Feels good, doesn't it?" Heather asked with a mischievous grin.
Sienna continued touching herself. "Masturbation always feels good."
"How about performing for a stranger like me? Does that make it feel even better? Does it feel dirtier knowing that I'm aroused watching you? Does it still feel like you're giving an artistic performance? Or does it appeal to your lustful side?"
"All of the above," Sienna replied, losing breath from the self-pleasure.
She continued touching herself in the water. Her fingers played with her labia and clitoris. Her nipples were rock hard from the cold and from the arousal.
"This is how you give arealcommanding performance," Heather said with lust in her voice. "Embody the character. Feel all of the sexual desires, and express it with your physical performance."
Sienna moaned as her fingers worked faster. She leaned back against the edge of the pool. Her mouth was open and she slowly became comfortable with another woman watching her masturbate. Their eyes remained locked on each others. There was no shame or guilt.
"That's it," Heather said in encouragement. "Don't ever be afraid to express your sexuality. Show me what a confident beautiful woman you truly are. Don't be afraid to show it to the world."
The reminder that Sienna would soon be showing her naked body in a movie sent an exhibitionist thrill down her spine. It was enough to send her into a state of orgasmic bliss. Her back arched in the water, causing her breasts to point upwards, with her hard pink nipples facing the ceiling. She gasped and cried from the climax. Then she relaxed.
Sienna breathed heavily while her eyes remained on the ceiling. She was slightly embarrassed to look at Heather after having a delightful orgasm. She heard Heather's feet being lifted from the water. Then she looked over to see Heather walking barefoot towards her.
There was a strong sexual tension in the air. Heather got down on her hands & knees by the edge of the pool, inches away from Sienna's face as they looked each other in the eyes.
"That was a beautiful performance," Heather said with a sly smile. "You know, Richard said this role could potentially make you an even bigger star. I'm starting to think that he was right."
With that said, Heather bent down and gave Sienna a soft kiss on the lips. Then she stood and picked up her high-heels.
"Enjoy the rest of your weekend," Heather added, before leaving.
Sienna watched as the sexy woman walked away holding the high heels in hand and her bare wet feet on the pavement floor.
It was an unbelievable moment. The only thing Sienna could do was to splash the cold pool water on her face to make sure it wasn't a dream.
***
Sunday was always a special day.
It was Sienna's favorite day of the week. Growing up, her mother would take her to church on Sunday mornings, then they would return home and make freshly baked cookies. It was always a day of relaxation and purity.
But after meeting Heather, it became a day of sexual intrigue.
She relaxed on the couch in her luxury suite. The tv was on, but she wasn't paying attention. The only thing on Sienna's mind was the experience with Heather. She thought about getting naked in front of the red lipsticked beauty, seductively getting into the pool, and then masturbating in front of her.
Most of all, Sienna thought about her upcoming nude scenes on film. It was scary and exciting. She wondered if she could actually go through with it. She prayed for the courage. She wanted to be brave and deliver the commanding performance she knew she could deliver.
In the backdrop of Sienna's mind was the sapphic undertone with Heather. Everything they had done together was filled with sapphic innuendos. She wondered if she would ever see Heather again.
Sienna slid her right hand down her panties and closed her eyes. The noise from the tv didn't matter anymore. In her mind, she was in the pool again, with Heather watching her. It wasn't long before she reached a firecracker orgasm.
***
Monday early morning. The film crew was scheduled to reshoot the pool scene. Sienna went to her private trailer which was parked outside of the pool area. She was plainly dressed in sweats. Her face was bare, waiting for her trusted make-up artist to work her magic like always.
When Sienna entered her trailer, her usual make-up artist wasn't there.
Instead, she saw Heather relaxing on the cushioned chair, looking as sexy as ever. Heather's legs were crossed, with one of her high-heels pointed in the air. Heather wore a sleek dress, and her trademark red lipstick was a sultry vision.
Sienna was surprised, and in many ways, she was glad to see the red lipsticked beauty again.
"You're here," Sienna said, containing her secret joy. "I was expecting to see my make-up artist."
"I sent her home for the day. Don't worry, she'll be back tomorrow."
"Filming begins in an hour. But I'm sure you already know that."
"I know."
"So what are we going to do about my make-up?" Sienna asked, slightly nervous to hear the answer.
"You don't think I can handle that?"
"It depends. Do you have experience doing make-up for a film production?"
"You'd be surprised what kind of experience I have."
Heather stood and offered the seat to Sienna. It was a gesture which couldn't be refused. After giving a sceptical look, Sienna knew that arguing was useless, so she sat down on the cushioned seat in front of the mirror.
"Relax," Heather said. "I'll make sure you're extra beautiful today."
"What did you have in mind?"
Heather gazed at Sienna's face. "Well, our philosophy atHigh Heels, Red Lipstickis that a woman's lips must be perfect. They must be showcased in the most prominent way possible. So, I'm going to give you a gift."
She reached inside of her purse and took out a new container of lipstick. She held it in her hand, the same way a saleswoman would showcase a new and important product.
"I'm flattered," Sienna said, looking at the lipstick.
"Be still. I'm a pro at this. Close your eyes."
Heather removed the cap from the lipstick and brought it to Sienna's face. Her gentle feminine hand held Sienna's face still. Then she applied the bold red lipstick to the actress's face. It was a simple process with big results.
Afterwards, Heather expertly applied the eyeliner, mascara, blush, and other beauty products which were sitting on the table.
When it was done, Heather stepped aside and let Sienna look in the mirror.
"What do you think?" Heather asked.
Sienna looked at her reflection and was amazed by the results. The red lipstick had changed the complexion of her face. It gave her a more sultry and seductive appearance.
"I think I'd like a few more boxes of that make-up brand," Sienna joked.
Heather smiled, "It's made exclusively forHigh Heels, Red Lipstick.But don't worry, I'll be sure to send you more in the future."
"Seriously, this looks amazing," Sienna noted, still admiring her reflection. "It'll look great for the movie."
"Richard agrees. He's always complimented the lipstick I wear. So I offered to be your make-up artist for today."
"Well, I can't thank you enough."
"Don't thank me just yet. We aren't finished."
Sienna raised an eyebrow. "We're not?"
"Not yet," Heather replied. "Next, you'll need the finishing touch. Something subtle, which will help your lips glisten on screen."
"I'm almost afraid to ask."
"Lip gloss," Heather said, as if the answer was so obvious. "The natural kind. It will give your lips a more radiant glow. I promise."
With that said, Heather lifted the front of her sleek dress to reveal her cleanly shaven pussy. Sienna's head snapped back from the sudden surprise.
"What are you doing?" Sienna asked, stunned.
"You trust me, don't you? Do you believe that I'm here for your best interest?"
"Yes," Sienna slowly admitted.
"Then touch me. Touch me the way that you touched yourself in the pool."
Sienna took a good hard look at the exposed pussy in front of her. It looked delicate, yet womanly. The labia reminded her of small rose petals, needing to blossom. Heather leaned back against the dresser table and opened her legs further, giving Sienna a better look at the pussy. The pinkness of the insides were shiny and glistening.
The actress reached forward and hesitantly touched Heather's pussy. Just the outside. It was her first time touching another woman's private area. The tips of her fingers gently rubbed up and down the labia. There was an innocent curiosity to the sapphic touching.
"Do you think I'm attractive?" Heather asked.
"You're gorgeous."
"Then show me with your hands. Touch me like you mean it."
After a deep breath, Sienna slipped two fingers inside of the pussy, causing Heather to moan. What surprised Sienna the most was that touching another woman's vagina was just like touching her own. It felt the same. It had the same warmth. The same wetness. The same feminine delicate features. And the same pleasure spots.
Sienna continued working her fingers inside of the pussy. There was a genuine curiosity on her part. She wanted to know what Heather felt like. And she wanted to make Heather feel good.
"Now make me cum," Heather said. "Touch me like you touched yourself in the pool. Show me what that felt like. I want to experience an orgasm from your fingers."
Their eyes briefly made contact. Then Sienna returned her attention towards the aching pussy. She pulled her fingers out of Heather's wet pussy and began to rub the clitoris in a fast circular motion. It was clearly working because Heather started to moan in a lewd manner. Sienna was worried that Heather would moan so loud that the film crew would hear it, then the lesbian encounter would end up in the tabloids for everyone to read.
"Keep it down," Sienna said, with her fingers still working. "People are outside."
Heather winked at Sienna, then muffled her moans.
"I'm almost there darling. You have a hot touch."
Those words were yet another reminder to Sienna that she was committing her first lesbian act. She rubbed her fingers faster. As much as it was arousing to Sienna, she needed to finish things. Filming would begin soon. Time was of the essence. The last thing she needed was to show up late to set because she was playing with Heather's pussy.
Before long, Heather's body tightened and she tried her best to suppress her moaning. Her muscles slightly twitched and shivered. Her legs shook. Her eyes widened intensely, then suddenly she relaxed, while a clear trickle of fluids dripped between her legs.
As Sienna sensed the orgasm, and felt the effects with her fingers, she rubbed at a rapid pace to speed things up. The orgasm concluded and Sienna knew she was done.
"That was delightful," Heather said with a grin.
"Thank you."
Sienna took her hand away and looked it. Her delicate fingers were covered with clear fluids, and she reached for paper towels to clean herself.
"Now, for your lip gloss," Heather said. "Stay still. Stop wiping your hands for a moment."
Sienna remained still in the chair. She watched Heather reach down and touch the clear fluids between her legs, then bringing her fingers forward. Heather's wet fingers, covered in fresh orgasm, softly touched Sienna's lips. Then the fingers were gently rubbed across Sienna's lips.
"Now have a look in the mirror," Heather said.
There wasn't a big difference in Sienna's appearance, other than her lips were a bit more shiny. But psychologically, it was insanely arousing knowing that another woman's wetness was on her lips.
"I can't believe I'm about to go film a movie scene with this on my lips."
"Believe it, because it's happening. Everything I do is for your best interest. I have complete faith that you're about to deliver a powerful performance."
Sienna was struck by Heather's confidence and the sexual tension between them. There was a blatant lustfulness in Heather's eyes.
"I have to go," Sienna said apprehensively. "Filming should be starting soon and I have to get into character."
When Sienna stood up and tried to walk away, Heather gently held the actress by the wrist to prevent her from leaving.
"Not so fast," Heather said. "We haven't completed the final piece of the puzzle yet. The most important part."
The two women stood face to face in the confined trailer. Their eyes locked together. The sexual tension was at its peak.
"What is it?" Sienna asked, almost afraid to hear the answer.
"Turn around. Put your hands on the dresser table. Then I'll show you."
Sienna's lips nearly quivered from nervousness. "Filming is going to start soon. I don't want to delay anything."
"You're the lead actress. They'll have to wait."
There was no arguing with Heather. Not at that point.
Sienna turned and faced the dresser, just like she was told. Then she put her hands on the edge of the dresser, leaning on it.
For a second, numerous thoughts swirled through Sienna's head, wondering what Heather was planning. But the guessing came to an abrupt end the moment she felt Heather pulling her sweatpants down, along with her panties. Sienna's bare bottom was completely revealed, facing the red lipsticked beauty. She gasped at being suddenly exposed.
"Think about your role in the movie," Heather said, getting on her knees. "Think about the sexuality involved. Imagine yourself on-set, naked, the film crew admiring your beauty. The cameras filming your naked body. Are you imagining it?"
"Yes," Sienna replied, with her head down, hands on the dresser.
"Good. Keep thinking about it."
Heather used both hands to spread Sienna's bottom apart. The aroused sex was completely open and exposed. Heather leaned forward and performed oral sex on Sienna's womanly area. No time was wasted. It was everything Sienna could have wanted. Kissing. Licking. Sucking.
Heather's mouth was skilled in the art of oral pleasure. She used every trick in the book to pleasure Sienna's pussy. Her lips pressed against the wet labia and she sucked. Her tongue stroked with up & down motions inside the pussy. Each part of Sienna's pussy was pleasured. Everything was done to perfection, making it difficult for Sienna to stand on her two feet.
"Keep your mind on the movie role," Heather said, briefly taking her mouth away from the pussy and using her fingers instead. "Focus on your part. Be the sexy woman that I know you are. Show the world what a strong and confident woman you are."
"...Yes...Oh god yes..."
More moans came as Heather continued fingering Sienna's delicate pussy. The fingering continued while Heather gave more words of encouragement.
"I can smell your arousal. The aroma coming from your pussy. You were meant to be a big star. Are you ready to show what you're capable of?"
Sienna's fingers clamped tightly onto the edge of the dresser. "God yes, I want to do it. I need it. I want to cum."
"How badly do you want to cum?" Heather asked, still working her skilled fingers in the hot pussy.
"Badly!"
The moment Sienna yelled, she immediately tried to contain herself. The film crew was working outside, and god knows if anyone heard. It almost made her laugh to think that someone might have realized that there was a lesbian encounter going on in the trailer.
"You're expected to be on set in a moment," Heather noted. "Let's not keep them waiting any longer."
Heather put her lips & tongue back to Sienna's pussy, while her fingers were still working their charm inside. The penetration and oral assault were a potent combination. The pleasure was reaching its inevitable conclusion.
With her back arched, Sienna reached a powerful climax which caused her toes to stiffen, her legs to straighten, and her lips to quiver. Her grip on the dresser had become tight enough to make her fingers turn red.
Sienna's mouth was open for deep breaths, but she was very careful not to scream or moan. She didn't want anyone to hear through the thin walls of the trailer. She simply allowed the orgasmic bliss to flow through her body in a graceful way. She savored every second of it.
"It's time for you to go now," Heather said, planting sweet kisses on Sienna's rear end. "Get naked. You're expected to be on set in your robe, nothing else."
With Heather's help, Sienna got completely undressed. The actress stood naked and unabashed. Then Heather handed the actress a thin silk robe.
"You're ready," Heather said, watching the actress put on the robe. "And you look beautiful."
"After that orgasm, I feel like a new woman."
"As you should. Everything is complete. I'm very proud of you."
Heather looked at the actress with admiring eyes. Sienna's face had a post-orgasmic glow. Her make-up was beautifully applied, especially the bold red lipstick. The 'lip gloss' added a marvelous effect.
"Will you be here when I get back?" Sienna asked.
"Maybe. Maybe not."
She smiled, "I'll find out soon enough. Something to look forward to."
The actress winked and headed to the door. There was a confidence in Sienna's walk as she went to the film set by the pool. There was something sultry in her movement. No one knew that her lips tasted like female orgasm. No one knew that her pussy was still soaking wet. No one knew, except for Heather.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.