I've found myself in plenty of strange situations in the past, but this one was most unique. I was kneeling on a bed with my spent cock being stroked by the sexiest woman ever, as her husband framed the doorway watching with a huge smile emblazoned across his face.
"Hi honey! This is Neil. He's still as good a fuck as he ever was and his spunk is still delicious!" Suzi giggled.
"It did look like you were enjoying having him inside you babe!" James smiled.
He walked to the edge of the bed and offered his hand to shake.
"Pleased to meet you Neil, I'm James!" He smiled as I took his hand and shook it.
"Pleased to meet you James!" I said in a very nervous voice. After all it's not every day you're introduced to an ex girlfriends husband just after you've fucked her, resulting in her swallowing all of your come, and to cap it all she was still stroking my semi erect cock.
"I see you've been enjoying my wife!" He laughed a deep throaty laugh.
"And I was certainly enjoying him!" Suzi laughed "I'm going to stay with him tonight babe. We'll do some fucking and some catching up!"
"I'll get a start on dinner then shall I and leave you two alone to catch up!" James grinned.
"We could have a little threesome before dinner if you're feeling horny babe!" Suzi smiled releasing the grip on my cock as she lay back and opened her legs.
"Your pussy still looks tight babe!" James smiled.
"So is my asshole!" Suzi giggled stroking her smooth pussy, smiling at James and I.
My cock was showing signs of life, as Suzi moaned softly as she stroked her pussylips slowly. Her finger would dip inside her pussy every now and again, making her ass raise up from the bed as she fucked her own finger.
James calmly began to remove his clothes, smiling almost delighted, watching his stripper slut wife masturbating furiously. Suzi moved toward me on the large bed as James finished removing his clothes. Suzi eased me back on to the bed, kissing my lips softly. The smell of my come was evident on her breath as she tongue kissed me gently.
Suzi was easing her pussy over my cock which was now at full mast. Her hot wet pussy slipped over my hard cock beautifully. Opening her black stockinged legs, she buried my cock balls deep inside her delectable pussy.
Suzi sat upright, riding my cock and holding her magnificent breasts, tweaking the erect pierced nipples.
James leant over and held Suzi's face as he kissed her mouth, tasting my cock on her breath. I can't explain but this aroused me, watching James tasting my cock on his wife's breath.
Breaking apart from their kiss, Suzi looked up to James and whispered softly.
"Fuck my ass honey! I want to be DP'd by these beautiful hard cocks!"
James climbed behind Suzi, as she lifted her ass slightly. James moved his head closer to Suzi's ass and spat on her puckered ring.
Suzi shuddered with sexual delight.
"Oh yeah baby! Treat your cheating slut wife like a dirty whore slut!" Suzi said with closed eyes "Fuck my ass and use me!"
Suzi had always been a big fan of dirty talk and judging from the few statements she had just made, she was even better than she was in our time together. I looked at Suzi's contorted face as James began to slide his cock inside his stripper slut wife's asshole. Suzi bent forward to kiss me as James began pushing his cock deeper in her ass.
I could feel the shape and heat of his cock on the thin wall of flesh that separates the ass and pussy. It was unusual and a new experience to me, but I made a mental note that I would fuck Suzi later with a vibrator in the other hole, now that would be sensational.
James began fucking Suzi's ass, giving a running commentary of the event.
"Take my cock slut!" He growled playfully "Two cocks are fucking your tight holes, you cheating dirty slut!"
Suzi moaned into my mouth as her tongue explored my tongue.
Suzi began to rock her hips, fucking both cocks in unison, as her lips moved off mine and moved to my earlobe.
The panting of her warm breath was sensual as her tongue flicked around my earlobe.
Whispering almost silently, Suzi encouraged me with her words.
"I told you James would be fine, now fuck me lover and spunk inside me. I'm your slut all week to fuck and to do with what you wish!"
She brought her lips back to my mouth and kissed me gently. Suzi was sitting almost upright as I held her stupendous breasts.
James was holding her corseted waist as he fucked her ass vigorously and judging by his facial expression, I would guess his orgasm was only seconds away.
Suzi was beginning to orgasm as she began to ride both cocks a little faster, breathing her sexy talk in between sexually panting.
"Fuck me guys! Fuck your stripper slut in all of her tight holes!" She shuddered as her orgasm swept through her. I could feel James cock twitching in her ass, as he began to empty his load into her tightest hole.
Suzi looked at me with half closed eyes. A smile spread across her face as she panted.
"Spunk in my pussy Neil!" She moaned "James will clean my ass and pussy with his tongue, so I'm all clean for you to fuck me later!"
James groaned in what sounded like delight as he unplugged his cock from Suzi's ass.
Suzi ground down on to my cock as she began to ride me wildly.
"Give me your manly seed. Fuck me like my husband never could!" She uttered.
I glanced at James who's eyes rolled with delight at the humiliating words Suzi was narrating.
"Spunk that big cock inside me! Please fuck me, I'm your slut!" She whispered subserviently.
The spunk launched from my cock splashing Suzi's pussy walls almost violently.
"Give me your spunk!" She screamed as spurt after spurt of hot sticky spunk flooded her pussy. Suzi leant forward, kissing my lips softly as her tight pussy milked my cock.
Without any warning, Suzi climbed off my cock and lay on her back next to me.
Lifting her legs up a little so her spunk flooded asshole and pussy were on display, she clicked her fingers and James eased his way between her legs. I watched open eyed as James slid his tongue inside Suzi's ass and began to lap his spunk out of her defiled ass.
Suzi pulled my head close to her and said.
"Kiss me, play with my tits as James licks up his reward!"
James had cleaned her asshole of all spunk and moved a little higher to begin work on her pussy. Suzi was kissing me wildly, her tongue running everywhere as she orgasmed from James' tongue cleaning her asshole.
As his tongue dipped inside her pussy, flooded with my come, Suzi groaned delightfully.
"Oh yes baby. Lick my lovers spunk from my stripper slut pussy!"
Suzi ground her pussy on James face, smearing my come and her own all over his face. James kept licking her pussy clean, darting his tongue in and around her tight hole, scooping up every drop of my come from her cunt.
James moved his mouth away from Suzi's pussy just as she female ejaculated across his smiling face.
His face was coated in three lots of come as he smiled delighted at his handiwork. Suzi squirmed on the bed, enjoying the last throes of her orgasm.
"James you really know how to clean me up! It's all clean for you to fuck later Neil. Don't worry James, We'll make sure there's plenty to clean up at breakfast tomorrow!"