A couple of years passed since we had met Bill on the riverbank on our way to lunch when one day, as I was watching a documentary on the telly, Julie came into the living room holding her phone and plopped down on my lap, wrapping her arm around my shoulder.
"Bill has just texted me."
"Has he? What does he want?"
"Don't be like that. As far as I remember, when we saw Bill, you enjoyed showing me off."
"I won't deny that I enjoyed how he ogled you."
"Sometimes I wonder about you."
"Wonder what, Baby?"
"Anyway, he asked if we could have dinner with him on Saturday night. Said he wanted to tell us what was happening in his life and ask for a favour. Would prefer to do it over dinner if we agreed."
"Or just wants to leer at you again."
"You men can't think of anything else, can you?"
"I don't blame any one of them. You are gorgeous, and the way you dress draws attention."
"Are you complaining? I can change the way I dress, maybe dress like Betty."
"No.., no.., I am not and don't change. I love to ogle you, beautiful," I said, kissing Julie's luscious red lips.
"I won't. I love how I dress and how you look at me, Babe," she smiled as she said it. "But back to the topic. What should I tell him?"
"Tell him... We'll meet him."
"Okay," she said and started to type on her phone.
I watched her delicate fingers, her red fingernails dance on the screen as she typed her reply. When she finished, she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately until the beep of her phone interrupted our pash. She broke the kiss and looked at her phone, showing me Bill's reply. He thanked us and asked where would be the most convenient to meet.
"I don't know, not knowing what he wants to discuss," I said.
"Well, I just tell him his choice."
"No.., wait! How about we invite him here?"
"Are you serious? He's my ex."
"Well, if you can handle it, I can too."
"I'll think about it," Julie said while tossing the phone on the couch.
She wrapped her arms around my neck, softly kissing my lips until I opened my mouth, and her tongue darted out, entering mine. We passionately kissed as my left hand groped her firm arse and the other caressed her stocking-clad thigh while her arms tightened around my neck and the heat turned up between us. I loved her sudden display of affection, feeling the love and passion she held for me, and I had never forgotten to tell her how beautiful she was and how much I loved her.
She broke the kiss and rose from my lap to stand in front of me while looking into my eyes intently as she slipped her foot from her mule and pressed her nylon-covered toes against my hardening cock, wiggling her red toes, wickedly smiling, watching me being mesmerised by them. I was about to touch them when she quickly pulled her foot away and slipped the mule on.
"If you are a good boy, I might let you worship my legs tonight, but now I must attend to dinner," she said, walking to the door, looking back at the last minute, seductively smiling while blowing an air kiss.
"I can help you with dinner, Baby."
"No, thank you. I know how you help."
The dinner was delicious as always; her being a great cook and adventurous with food always resulted in mouth-watering dishes. After dinner, I told her to chill and that I would clean up the kitchen, although there was not much to clean apart from our dinner dishes and a couple of odd pieces.
When I had finished, I joined her in the living room, not expecting to see her wearing her black, sheer robe, which had only a single ribbon across her breasts to tie it together and would have reached the floor had it not been for her incredibly high black stiletto mules which enhanced the appearance of her stocking clad legs and feet. Her black garter belts held in place the smoke-coloured seamed nylons.
"Wow, just looking at you, I am getting a hard-on."
"I love when I turn you on so easily," she said, walking to the couch with two glasses of wine. "Come, sit next to your hot wife."
"You can say that again," I said, adding, "you are the hottest wife I have ever met."
"Thank you, sexy man."
I turned on the floor lamp in the corner to set a romantic mood before turning off the ceiling lights, picked up the remote for the sound system, selected an 'easy' music channel and sat beside her. She handed me my glass, and when I put my arm around her shoulder, she snuggled against me while we sipped on our Chardonnays, enjoying the moment.
"I considered inviting Bill for dinner, and I am okay with it."
"Then it is settled," I replied, kissing her hair.
She handed me her glass and, finding her phone on the cushions, sent a message to Bill inviting him and Betty over, then lay on the couch, putting her feet on my lap. I placed the glasses on the table and, turning my attention to her feet and legs, gently massaged them over her stockings. She closed her eyes, softly purring to my touch. I knew she loved it as much as I did, and after removing one of her black mules, I placed it on the couch beside me, then focused on rubbing her toes and the sole of her foot. Her phone buzzed; she looked at it, then at me.
"Bill replied," she began, "he said that it would be only him as they had broken up a few weeks ago, and that was one of the things he wanted to tell us at dinner. The other was about his plan for the future, the job he accepted overseas. Since it all came out in the messages, he did not see any point in having dinner any longer.
"I am not surprised," I said. "Betty was never the woman I could see Bill settle down with. Tell him we still can have dinner, and the invitation still stands if you are okay with it, Baby."
"Yes.., I am. I will tell Bill dinner is still on."
While she typed, I raised her foot and began to kiss her toes one by one, inhaling her sweet smell, then kissed the sole and ball of her foot.
"That's so nice, Babe," she said as her phone buzzed once more.
"It is Bill, again, thanking us for the invitation and saying he'll come."
I placed her foot on my lap, slipping the mule on when she removed her feet and stood before me, offering her hands.
"Dance with your hot wife, sexy man."
I took her hands and stood up, leading her to the middle of the room, pulling her tightly into me. She wrapped her arms around my neck as we swayed to the slow beat of the music whilst I pondered about the frequency she used the words "hot wife" yet hated the word "hotwife" and its connotation.
"I love you, my sexy hot wife."
She looked at me, and our lips met in a passionate kiss that went on song after song. When she broke the kiss, taking her hand, I led her to our bedroom. We made slow passionate love well into the night.
We snuggled in post-orgasmic bliss, aimlessly caressing each other as her hand drifted to my flaccid cock, wrapping her fingers around it, and she softly kissed my cheek.
"Have you ever fucked while someone was watching?" she asked me out of the blue, surprising me.
"No! Well, except when Paul watched me."
"Have you ever had fantasies about being watched while you fucked a woman?" she asked, adding, "Imagined someone was watching us?"
Even before I could answer her, she noticed my cock twitch in her hand.
"Oh, you did, you naughty boy!" she exclaimed, kissing me passionately.
"Well, yes, I did," I said breathlessly.
"About someone watching us while we fucked?"
"Yes, I have."
"Tell me about it."
"Do you really want to know?"
"Of course, I want to know what my sexy man fantasies about."
"Well, I have this fantasy where in the heat of the moment, we forget to close the curtains, and while we are making love, while I am fucking you from behind, I notice that someone is watching us from the other building. Strangely, instead of stopping and closing the curtains, I could feel my excitement increases, and I fuck you harder. When I bring to your attention that we have a voyeur, to my surprise, you just tell me to fuck you even harder."
"Wow, I like it. Makes my pussy tingle," Julie said, kissing my cheek.
"Do you?"
"Of course, it's hot."
She got out of bed, turned the floor lamp on in the corner that dimly illuminated the room, and pulled the curtains open before climbing back in bed.
"Is this how you imagined?"
"Yes, it is."
She moved between my legs, took my cock in her hand, and began to kiss and lick it until it was fully grown again, looking at me with a satisfying smile. Wondering if anyone had noticed what we were doing, I kept glancing at her and the building through the window but saw no one except for the lights in a few windows.
The next apartment block was a bit too far for anyone to recognise us but close enough to see clearly with the naked eye what we were doing when a bright light shone in the room, not so much with the dimmed light. Still, that did not take the edge off my excitement, nor Julie's.
"Can you imagine someone is watching us from one of those windows as your slutty hot wife sucks your cock?" she asked, looking at the lights through the window.
"Yes, I can."
"Then, fuck your slut wife! Let them see how you fuck a slut," she said, presenting her arse to me on her hands and knees.
I quickly moved behind her, positioned my shaft at her wet hole, and looked towards the window as I drove my cock in. Yelping at the sudden intrusion, she raised her head, and at that moment, I took advantage of her position, grabbed a fistful of her hair, pulled her head back, and began fucking her even harder.
"Yes, fuck me, fuck your slut," she squealed.
I did, fucked her hard, pulling her head back, her body onto my cock, glancing towards the window, wondering if there was anyone who was watching us, watching my hot sexy wife being fucked hard, and wishing there was.
"You like being watched, sexy slut?" I grunted, seeing her orgasm was upon her.
"Fuck your slut, your hot wife!" she screeched as her body began to tremble and buck.
Being not far behind, I let her hair slip from my hand and spanked her arse harder than intended. I had never spanked her before, but it felt right in the heat of the moment, putting on a show for our imaginary voyeur.
"Oh, fuck!" She yelped, and I did it again, eliciting the same response.
"Keep spanking your slut," she wailed, so I did.
Her body began to shake uncontrollably, her head falling onto the bed when I felt my balls tighten and my seed spewing out of my cock into her receptive body. When the strong feeling subsided somewhat, I began to trust into her again, but she pulled away, falling onto the bed. I fell beside her, took her in my arms, and within minutes we drifted off, not even noticing until the morning that we had slept with the curtains open and the floor lamp on.
"Do you trust me, Babe?" she asked me at breakfast.
"Yes, I do," I replied, wondering why she asked that question.
"Thank you," she said and began cleaning the morning dishes.
"Why have you asked me that?" I asked while drying the plates.
"Oh, it's really nothing."
"Well, there must be a reason if you asked."
"Did you like it when I opened the curtains while we fucked?"
"Yes, it was exciting."
"I am slowly discovering an exhibitionist side I have never felt. It started with how I began to dress and how people looked at me, especially men."
"Really?"
"When I notice someone checking me out, I feel sexy and desirable. I love when you check me out and how I turn you on. You make my pussy tingle."
"Do you get turned on when checked out by other men too?"
"No, but it makes me feel good, sexy, a desirable woman."
"You have fantasised about being watched while you fucked, haven't you?"
"Yes, I kept imagining someone watching us the way you described last night, and I just had to open the curtains and experience it."
"Did you like it? Do you want to explore the fantasy?"
"Yes, I did, and we can if you want it too."
"Sure, I was so turned on when I thought we were being watched."
"I am glad you feel like that, sexy man," she said, and we got ready for work.
The next few days passed quickly, with work being busier for both of us than usual, and it was Saturday morning when Julie emerged from the bedroom, ready to leave.
"I have to do some shopping for tonight," she said, adding, "I might be a bit late back."
"Sure, enjoy your shopping," I said, looking up from my computer when she kissed my lips.
"Do you trust me, sexy man?" She asked from the door.
I looked at her questioningly, wondering what that was all about, why she asked me again whether I trusted her and if there was something she did not tell me. I did trust her, she had never broken my trust, and I had never broken hers. We had no secrets, but I knew she was up to something and needed to know I trusted her before she went ahead with whatever she wanted to do. I did ponder for a second if it was anything to do with our dinner guest but asked nothing.
"Of course, I do, Babe," I said, smiling broadly.
"Thank you," she said and left the apartment.
It was early afternoon when she returned home from her shopping trip, carrying lots of bags that ended up in our bedroom. She asked me to bring the grocery shopping from the car up, and by the time I brought the last bags into the kitchen, she began to put away some of the stuff.
"Have you had lunch?" she asked. "I haven't had anything since breakfast."
"Yes, I have, make something to eat, and I will put the groceries away."
"Thanks, Babe," she said and made a salad. "Oh, and don't look into the bags I left in the bedroom."
"Oh, secrets?"
"Not secrets, just a surprise."
The next couple of hours, she prepared a three-course meal while I assisted her, doing all the preps she wanted me to do. At about 5 o'clock, she told me to get dressed for the night, and when I was ready, I took over in the kitchen while she dressed.
We expected Bill at seven, the food was ready, and the table set, but Julie was nowhere to be seen. When I knocked on the bedroom door, she yelled she needed a few more minutes, then I heard the doorbell, and there stood Bill with a bottle of wine in his hands. Glancing at the label, I knew he'd brought Julie's favourite.
Sitting in my living room with my wife's ex-husband felt weird at first, but as we began to chat, that feeling passed, and I felt like I was talking to another guy about sports and politics.
"Hello Bill," I heard Julie's voice from the living room door.
My eyes popped out of my head, and my cock stirred in my pants when I looked at her, instantly understanding why she had asked me if I trusted her as she stood before us, letting us take in her vision while seductively biting her lower lip.
"Hello, Julie," I heard Bill's barely audible reply.
She walked to Bill, who quickly stood up as she stood before him, and she kissed his cheek.
"Nice to see you, Bill."
Turning away from him, she sat on the couch beside me, her dress falling off her thighs, showing off her stockings and creamy white skin above the welt. Bill said something, but I could not make out his incoherent words, as he was in a fluster, and so was I. Julie kissed my cheek, shielding her lips from Bill's view with my head.
"Do you trust me?" she whispered into my ear.
"I do."
"I think dinner is ready," she said, standing up. "I'll meet you in the dining room."
We watched her walk towards the door in her black 'fuck me' stiletto pumps swaying her arse seductively under the dress. She stopped at the door, looking back at us, flirtatiously biting her lower lip.
"Are you coming?"
"Yes, yes, we are," I muttered, standing up, showing undeniable signs of my erection.
"I like those," she said, giggling, and disappeared from our view.
"Those?" I thought, somewhat confused, but when I looked at Bill, noticing he was tenting an erection, too, I knew what she meant.
"Fuck," I exclaimed, realising that she had planned on teasing us and wondered how far she wanted to go, if she only planned to tantalise or if she wanted more and maybe be shared with her ex. I did not know her plan, but whatever it was, I trusted her.
She wore a black full-length halter top dress with deep cleavage and an opening at the front. Her shapely legs were clad in smoke-coloured seamed stockings, and she wore a black garter belt and G-string.
I knew this, and Bill did too because the diaphanous dress that was only held together by a wide ribbon tied together at the waist left very little for our imagination as the sheer material glided over her gorgeous body, allowing us to see her firm breast and everything she had under the material. And to complete her look, she applied her favourite make-up style, the smokey eye look. She also gathered her hair in a loose ponytail.
"After you, Bill, the dining room is the second door on the left.
He stood up, unable to hide his erection, glanced at me with uncertain eyes, and walked to the dining room. I sat at one end of the table while motioning to Bill to sit on my left, as Julie always sat on my right. I could see the relief on his face once he sat at the table, his erection hidden from our eyes.
The conversation was strained until Julie walked into the room with a tray in her hands. We were ogling her openly, Bill just as much as I was, seeing my salacious wife walking around the room in her sheer dress. I noticed the smirk on her lips and the sparkle in her eyes and thought she enjoyed being ogled.
She placed the tray on the table, picked up one of the plates, walked to Bill, leant over his shoulder and set it in front of him, then brought my plate before getting hers and sitting down. I tried not to stare at her obviously as she sat at the table, which was not an easy feat seeing her breasts and hard nipples through her sheer dress. She knew we were stealing glances at her and smiled lecherously.
"Entrée is served," she said, "enjoy."
"What is it?" Bill asked.
"Crab Cake Stuffed Mushrooms."
"Very delicious. You never made these for us," Bill said before quickly adding, "Sorry."
"That's okay, Bill. I used to be your wife, but I am now Jim's. That in itself should not stop us from talking about what was. I am open to Jim and hide nothing from him."
"That is great, being so open to each other."
"Yes, he never makes me do anything I don't want to, and I never do anything he does not approve of."
I noticed Bill's uneasiness hearing her words, remembering how he badgered Julie to be his hotwife, to make him a cuck.
"Bill has brought your favourite wine, Baby," I said, walking to the bar fridge and producing the chilled bottle.
'Oh, that's nice. Thank you, Bill," Julie said, smiling as she bit into the last of her mushrooms.
I opened the bottle and filled the glasses, not even bothering to hide my erection which seemed to be permanent. I noticed Julie looking at my crotch, smirking as she measured up the effect she had on me.
"So what happened between you and Betty?" she asked Bill while savouring the wine, rolling it on her tongue.
"Well, it all came to a head when I was offered a job overseas for at least two years. She made it clear I could go, but she would not come with me, and I had to choose between my job and her. It did not go down well when she refused to discuss it. Even before that, I had questions about our relationship because we argued a lot, and everything had to be done her way. Our sex life was as vanilla as you can imagine; lights out and only missionary, but that's too much info."
"That does not sound like a healthy relationship by any means," Julie said.
"To be honest, Bill, I never thought it would last. I only met Betty a couple of times, but that was enough to conclude that she was not the woman for you," I said.
"I always knew we were not a perfect match, but when she refused to discuss my posting abroad, I decided it was time to break up with her."
"So, is that settled, and you'll work overseas?" Julie asked.
"Yes, I will leave in two weeks. We have brought forward my posting as there is no reason for me to stay longer."
"That makes sense," I interjected.
"Well,..." he started, but Julie interrupted him.
"Let me serve the main course before it gets cold and stale," she said as she stood, collected our plates and walked to the kitchen, four excited eyes watching her almost naked body under her sheer dress, her arse swaying teasingly.
"I was so stupid to drive a woman like her away from me," Bill said quietly.
"Your loss was my gain, mate. I never imagined I would meet someone as beautiful as she is."
"Are you talking about me?" asked Julie, coming in with a tray in her hands.
"Yes, Baby," I said, "I was telling Bill here how lucky I was to find you. You are the most beautiful woman I have ever met.
"Thank you, sexy man, you'll make me blush."
She laid a plate in front of Bill, and I could see she was looking at Bill's crotch as he leant back in his chair, and our eyes met as she smirked. Setting the plate in front of me, she leant to my ear, and I could feel her warm breath on my earlobe, titillating my senses.
"You trust me, don't you?"
"I do," I replied, and she smiled, taking her seat.
"What delicious food is it?" Bill asked.
"Slow-cooked beef bourguignon," she said with pride in her eyes.
"Mmmm, it is delicious, Julie."
"You have really outdone yourself, Baby."
"So..." Julie began, "how did Betty take it?"
"Oh, she was furious because I chose the job over her."
"One would think that," I interjected.
"Truthfully, I was glad she did not want to come with me. Sooner or later, our relationship would have ended anyway, and she just made it so much easier for me."
"I hope you find what you want abroad," Julie said, digging into her food.
We talked about Bill's overseas posting while feasting on the delicious food, and Bill asked Julie if she could give his house keys to their kids when they returned from their round-the-world trip. They had been travelling for a couple of years, working remotely but planned to return later in the year and needed to stay somewhere. Of course, Julie agreed, and Bill gave her the keys.
"I'll check on the dessert," Julie said, looking at me, "Would you be kind and make us the coffee, Babe?"
Entering the kitchen, she was leaning against the counter, facing the door, watching me put the tray of dirty dishes on the bench and as soon as I had done that, she wrapped her arms around me, passionately kissing my lips, practically forcing her tongue down my throat while pressing her body against mine.
"Do you trust me?" She asked breathlessly after breaking our kiss.
"Yes, I do, you sexy slut," I said while looking into her eyes.
"Would you fuck me in front of Bill?"
"What?"
"I know it excites you when you think someone watches us, and it does excite me too."
"Yes.., but your ex?"
"He always fantasised about me being fucked, so let him watch while we explore our exhibitionist sides."
"Hmmm," I thought she was right, already feeling the excitement in my groin. "Sure, if you are up to it."
"I love you," she said before kissing me with unbridled passion.
"I love you too," I said, out of breath.
"How will you go about it?"
"Don't ask me questions, sexy man, just trust me," she said, kissing me softly.
"You are so mysterious, but what I have seen so far turned me on. You turn me on, hot wife."
"I'll take the desserts in," she said, walking away.
"Sorry, Bill, leaving you here alone," I heard Julie saying as I prepared our coffees.
"Not a problem," Bill replied, "What is this?"
"Chocolate cherry tart. I knew you liked the combination of chocolate and cherry," she said.
"That sounds good! You still remember it was my favourite," I heard Bill saying.
"Of course I do. One cannot forget living with someone for 25 years these things."
"True. We had some good times and some bad ones, like in every relationship," I heard Bill.
"So, why did you pursue Betty? After all, she was not your type?"
"Well, after what I did to you and what happened between us, I thought if I settled with someone like Betty, I could get my obsession out of my system. She was a lovely but very conservative woman, but it dawned on me gradually how controlling she was."
"Have you?"
"No, I haven't. I just got frustrated, and no matter how hard I tried to get over it, things got worse, and I kept fantasising about it, especially when having sex with Betty."
"Maybe, if you feel this strongly about it, you just need to find a woman willing to entertain your desires."
"Easier said than done."
The coffees were ready and on a tray, but not wanting to interrupt their conversation, I waited for the right moment. I knew I should not have, but I doubted Bill would have revealed this much to me.
"I guess it would be hard," I heard Julie reply, "wait, did you say fantasise?"
"Well, that was all I could do."
"You don't mean me?"
"Well,... yes, you, Julie."
"You remember I would never do anything like that. I am not into hotwifing and would never cuck my husband."
"Yes, I do, and I am sorry for what I have done to you."
"It is okay now. I did come out of it just fine. Jim is a wonderful man."
"Coffees are coming up," I said, walking into the room.
"So, what have I missed?"
"Not much, Babe. Bill was telling me about.... But I am sure you heard everything." Julie said, looking at me.
"Oh, I am busted again," I said, laughing.
We savoured the delicious dessert and drank our coffees while chatting, laughing at our jokes. Julie kept looking at me with wanting eyes and touched my hand, my arm, laughing and flirting. Time flew by quickly when she took my hand and looked deep into my eyes.
"Do you want to do it, Babe?"
"I do. I trust you, Baby."
"So, you still visualising me being fucked rather than Betty?" She asked, turning to Bill.
Bill looked at me nervously, weighing up my reaction to Julie's question.
"Don't look at me, she asked the question."
"Yes, I do," he whispered.
"Actually, that makes my pussy tingle. I like to feel desired."
"Really?"
"Yes. Would you like to watch me being fucked, Bill?"
"Really?"
"Yes."
"You are not just taking the piss out of me, are you? Some payback?"
"Be back in a second," Julie said.
"Is she serious?" Bill asked me.
"Well, I guess she is."
"Are you okay with it?"
"Yes, I am," I said as she walked in and put a box in front of Bill.
"What is it?" Bill asked.
"Show Bill where the spare room is, Babe. Take the box with you, Bill."
"Okay, come with me, Bill."
Bill looked uncertain but followed me without questioning Julie. When I returned to the dining room, I found Julie clearing the table. I looked at her and was about to ask her what she was up to when she stopped and looked at me while biting her lower lip.
"Do you trust me?"
"I do, but..."
"Shush, then, trust me and play along, please," she said, wrapped her arms around my neck and passionately kissed me.
"I trust you, Baby. Whatever you are up to."
"Come, and just follow my lead, Babe."
She took my hand and led the way to the spare bedroom, swaying her practically naked arse as she walked before me.
Come, sexy man, you don't mind if we are watched, do you?" she asked, pulling me into the room.
"No, I..." I began as she pushed me up against the wall, fiercely kissing me, tongues swirling around each other, her hand finding my cock and squeezing it through my pants.
After several minutes she pulled away, and I had a chance to take in what was happening in the room, noticing a floor lamp was on near the window, illuminating the white sheets on the bed. Then, next to the window at the opposite corner of the room, I saw Bill sitting in the armchair. He was naked, and I could catch the metallic glint of a cock cage he was wearing.
"Don't mind him, my sexy man," she said, adding, "Hubby likes to watch when I am fucked."
"What?" I said, confused.
"Just follow my lead," she whispered, wrapping her arms around my neck. "I love you, Babe."
She kissed my lips, a soft lingering kiss that turned into a passionate pash, and I could feel my cock pressing harder and harder against her as it grew.
"Sit on the bed, sexy man," she said, breaking the kiss.
Sitting on the bed, I watched her walk to the window pulling the curtains fully open, and she began to sway lewdly, running her hands over her dress, looking at us lecherously. Suddenly the penny dropped, and I knew what the game was about, and it turned me on to no extent. I was ready to go along with her and her game wherever it took us.
"My hubby likes to watch," she said, looking at me lasciviously, then turned to Bill.
"Likes to watch his slut wife being fucked," she said while looking at Bill.
She sashayed to Bill, bent over at the hip, her face only centimetres from his as she looked into his eyes for long seconds.
"Don't you? You love to watch me being fucked hard," she breathed, flicked his cock cage with her red fingernail and swayed back to me, looking into my eyes.
"Hubby wants to watch you fuck me, sexy man," she said, winking at me.
"So shall he," I said, "take your dress off for me... No, wait!"
She moved away from me, looking into my eyes questioningly.
"Bill, take her dress off for me," I said, watching her eyes open wide.
"Are you sure?" Julie murmured.
"Just do it, Bill."
"You are bad," she muttered with a glint of excitement in her sparkling eyes.
He stood up and walked over to Julie, who turned to face him, watching his every move. He took hold of the ribbon that held her dress in place and slowly pulled it until the knot was undone, then eased the dress off her shoulders, letting it fall off her body onto the floor behind her.
"Take her panties off, too," I instructed Bill.
Julie looked at me with glossy eyes, biting her lower lip, then turned her head towards Bill, watching him drop onto his knees before her, hooking his fingers into the waistband of her G-string and pulling it off her hips, thighs and legs when she stepped out of it.
"Isn't she a gorgeous slut, Bill? Just look at her in her suspenders, stockings, and 'fuck me' stiletto pumps."
Bill murmured something I could not make out, his eyes glued to her shaven pussy that I could not but notice.
"Is she wet for me, Bill?" I asked and saw he was about to touch her pussy. "Don't touch her. Just look."
He leant forward until he was only a few centimetres from her folds when I heard his trembling voice.
"Yes.., she is soaking wet, Jim."
"Sit in the armchair, Bill," I said.
When he did, Julie began wantonly sway, glancing towards me, then looking at Bill. I quickly removed my clothes, freeing my rock-hard cock from its prison. She spun around, noticing my hard erection, lowered herself onto her hands and knees and crawled to me, taking my throbbing phallus into her small hand while looking into my eyes lecherously.
"I want your cock," she breathed, turning her head towards Bill. "Your last chance to stop me."
Bill grunted but did not say a word, only his eyes bulging from his sockets. Julie turned to my cock, running her tongue from the base to its tip, flicking her tongue over my pee hole, then slowly opened her lips and took the mushroom head into her mouth. I could feel her warm tongue swirl around the head of my engorged phallus, her red lips firmly holding my shaft, her wanton eyes on me. Gradually she took all of my cock into her mouth, gagging once before pulling her lips off with a popping sound.
"I love your beautiful cock, sexy man," she said and plunged down on it repeatedly, sucking my throbbing cock for a few minutes.
"Would you fuck this hotwife, sexy man," she said, biting her lower lip.
"Yes, I will fuck your married pussy," I said, playing along with her, then looked at Bill and added, "I will fuck your sexy hotwife."
He only grunted while his fingers dug into the armrest as he watched us with bulging eyes. Julie stood up and straddled my thighs, facing me, holding my head between her delicate hands.
"I love you, Babe. You are the best," she whispered, kissing me passionately and her arms wrapped around my neck.
I firmly grabbed her arse cheeks, stood up and turned around with her in my arms, our tongues teasing one another.
"I love you, Baby," I whispered breathlessly. "Let my neck go."
When she did, I threw her onto the bed, which made her squeal in surprise as she landed on her back. I climbed between her legs, kissing her stocking-clad thighs with every kiss arriving a step closer to her pussy. She smelt intoxicating, and her pussy was dripping, to my delight. I licked up her juices and twirled my tongue around her clit in every which way, making her moan aloud. Feeling and hearing her orgasm approaching, I slid a finger into her wet hole, probing, stimulating her inner walls. She squealed in delight, her legs began to tremble then her body shuddered uncontrollably.
I got off the bed noticing someone watching us from a window across the road, making me tremble excitedly, thinking someone was watching my sexy wife orgasm. I walked to Bill and sat on the armrest of the armchair.
"She is so beautiful, isn't she? Just look at her post-orgasmic glow," I told him, taunting him while watching Julie's orgasm subsiding. "I will fuck her married pussy so well she will never want to fuck you again."
'Yes, fuck her, make her pussy yours," he murmured, making me smile, knowing she was my woman, my wife and not his.
"Hotwife," I said, "you have an admirer in the window."
"Oh fuck!" she exclaimed, raising her head to look.
She then lay back on the bed and squeezed and groped her breast with one hand while the other found her clit.
"I am so turned on. I need a hard cock. Fuck me, sexy man," she moaned.
"I will fuck her, take her from you, and you will never fuck her again, Bill," I said, standing up.
I climbed between Julie's legs, kissing my way to her face, pinning her down with my body while reaching between us, guiding my cock to her hole.
"Fuck me, my sexy man," she whispered.
"I will, Baby. I will make love to you."
I slowly entered her, savouring the feel of her vagina wrapped around my cock until all was in her. She moaned at my intrusion, looked into my eyes and pulled me to her lips, kissing me with unbridled passion. I fucked her with slow deep thrusts, eliciting soft moans from her. We passionately kissed, our tongues devouring each other's mouths while grinding my cock into her tight hole, her arms and legs wrapped around my body. When I broke the kiss, she looked at me with wanton desire.
"I love your cock," she moaned, "fuck me, fuck my cunt."
I kissed her forcefully with lust, making her moan in our kiss with every thrust of my rigid cock into her receptive body. I fucked her, kissing her, murmuring into her ear, telling her how beautiful she was, how much she turned me on, and how much I loved her until I felt I was getting close.
"I want to fuck you from behind," I breathed.
"Yes, fuck your slut from behind."
I rolled off her, and she got on her hands and knees, facing the head of the bed. I maneuvered her around to face the window and Bill while I fucked her so she and I could see both. Kneeling between her legs, I smacked her arse, which made her squeal, and she raised her head, looking back at me.
"I will fuck your tight cunt," I said, smacking her arse again, which elicited another squeal from her.
"Tell me what you want," I said, smacking her arse again.
"I want you to fuck me, fuck me till I cannot think of anything else but your gorgeous cock," she said, and with that, I drove my cock into her deep as she breathed the last word, making her yelp.
I fucked her hard and fast this time, holding her hips with both hands, making her yelp and squeal. I was getting close to my orgasm when I felt her legs tremble and knew she was close too.
"You like to watch your wife being fucked?" I said to Bill, who grunted, and I could see he was cumming.
"You are not the only one," I said, looking through the window.
She looked up and watched Bill as he was cumming in his cage, then turned to me with foggy eyes as her orgasm was upon her.
"Will you let me suck Bill's cock, sexy man?"
"Remove your cage and come here," I grunted.
He quickly did so, and his cock sprung instantly to full size, the head angry purple, leaking cum. Julie took his cock in her mouth, and he thrust forward, making her gag briefly as he entered her throat, at which point her orgasm exploded, causing her body to shudder and shake violently. Seeing her out of control with Bill's cock down her throat, my orgasm took over my body, spewing my seed into her.
Later in bed, we were curled up in each other's arms after Bill had gone, softly kissing.
"I am sorry, Babe," Julie whispered, "I lost control at the end, never intended to suck Bill's cock."
"That's okay, Baby. You asked me, and I agreed."
"Still."
"I did not mind what you did. You made it a very sexually charged night, and being honest, I would not have been upset even if you had asked me if Bill could fuck you."
"Really? Would you have shared me with Bill?
"I guess, but only if you wanted to be."
"I did not, but thank you, Babe," she said, kissing me tenderly, drifting off a few minutes later.
I got out of bed, opened the curtains, scanned the windows for anyone watching and turned the floor lamp on. Returning to bed, I spooned Julie and kissed her neck while wondering how we could explore our exhibitionist fantasy further. I enjoyed the game, what we did was really hot. Julie being Bill's "hotwife" for a short spell as he watched us fuck was such a turn-on. Images of the night flashed through my mind as I drifted off to sleep, holding her tight.