In the first chapter: I, a married woman with a 20 year old daughter, started a love affair with a handsome doctor. We met on a regular basis at a small hotel on the outskirts of the city. One day, the hotel owner, who we trusted, showed me a video of our sexual acts, which he took using a hidden camera in our bedroom. He blackmailed me to give him a blowjob. In addition, he instructed me to continue seeing my lover twice a week in the same room while, on another afternoon, I was supposed to be with him.
..............................................................................................
In the following days, my head was spinning. I was caught in a complicated scheme that could potentially destroy 2 families. I had nowhere to go. Discussing it with Bob would reveal my affair with Freddy, and consulting Freddy would ruin our relationship, because he'd realize the tiny camera was still there, eyeing every act. I was in a bind.
Having no other option, I decided to accept Miguel's conditions with the hope of eventually, somehow, stopping his control over my life.
On Tuesday, Freddy met me in the room and was in a good mood. He brought me a box of my favorite Neuhaus chocolates and said, "Honey, today I made 3 difficult diagnoses on patients who came for a second opinion. Two other physicians were not sure what was going on, and I saved their butts!"
"Freddy, I knew you were an excellent doctor a week after you started working in our department. So how can I reward you for proving your expertise and the tasty chocolate?"
He kissed me and blurted, "I am in the mood for a 69, unless you insist on a different position."
I smiled, "I like it. I love to feel your large cock spasm in my mouth, pleading for a release and getting its wish once I let it cum. And the delicious taste is a bonus. This, coupled with your lips and tongue pleasuring my pussy is like being in paradise."
"Good. Let's go to bed."
Knowing where Miguel's camera was, I undressed, facing it, and took extra time to remove my clothes. Freddy noticed it and grinned, "Lady, your striptease is terrific. I love to see your naked body, and the way you flaunt your magnificent tits is fantastic. I can't wait to touch your heavenly body."
I continued shedding my bra and panties, and then twirled in front of the camera. In retrospect, I have no idea why I did it. Was it a provocation? Did I become an exhibitionist?
I assumed Miguel would rather see my lips blowing Freddy than Freddy's mouth eating me, so I prepared in bed accordingly and seductively asked Freddy, "Honey, would you mind if I am on top? I want to make it special for you."
He grinned, "You are the boss here."
He lay on his back and I climbed on top of his big body. I gingerly sat on his face and placed my cunt over his mouth. I looked at the camera and winked as my palms cupped my tits with both hands. I licked my lips, and my fingers tweaked the hard nipples. Freddy lapped on my pussy lips, and I extended my head back and moaned loudly.
Was I doing it to seduce Miguel? Did I do it thinking he was watching us going at it and masturbate? I didn't know the answer, but the mere thought of him ogling us filled me with emotions I'd never experienced before.
Next, I bent down, closed my eyes, caressed Freddy's nice tool, and licked its tip. I felt like I was a star in a live show and tried to mimic starlets in porno movies. I kissed the spongy head, groaning happily. I felt under me Freddy got hold of my tits and fondled them in addition to sucking hungrily on my juices. Everything felt so erotic, my horniness was increasing fast. I engulfed his cock with my full lips and sucked mildly. He moaned. I continued moving forward on his tumescent organ, letting it penetrate into my throat inch by inch. I deepthroated him, opened my eyes toward the camera, and started bobbing Freddy.
Suddenly, I felt my body shiver, and a powerful orgasm took my breath away. As the shaking got the better of me, I continued milking him the best I could. However, at one point, I lost touch with reality and didn't know what was happening. I must have continued sucking Freddy because when my mind reconnected with my body, I felt a large amount of slimy, sticky fluid in my mouth. I glanced at the camera, opened my mouth to show the whitish goo, and swallowed it. Freddy's prick was still quite hard, and knowing how sensitive it was post ejaculation, my lips enveloped it gently, making slow, gentle moves on it. The dick gradually deflated. I ensured to lick the remaining drops off his shaft and then rolled to the side.
Freddy raised his head and mumbled, "Lady, this was an awesome 69. Your energy and performance were the best so far. Thank you."
I smiled, "No, darling. Thank YOU. I like showing love to your favorite part. And knowing at the end I'll be rewarded with a tasty present is my prize. Of course, feeling your hot mouth munching on my pussy is fantastic and always makes me see stars..."
He kissed me tenderly and whispered, "Honey, I think there is trouble coming: I am falling for you..."
I grinned, "Be careful; we are both married to others."
Deep down I thought I was falling into a convoluted spider web without the possibility to exit. My affair became more complicated. But a little bird in my brain chirped, 'Rita, do you really suffer? Are you sure you don't enjoy the attention of 2 younger men?'
Only god knew where I was going with our relationship. At that point, I lost control of my destiny and tried to enjoy, hoping to have fun before it exploded in my face.
Freddy left shortly after the intercourse. I remained in the room slightly longer, taking my time dressing up, knowing Miguel was likely watching me. Then I put lipstick on, sent an air kiss toward the camera, and left the building.
...
The next afternoon I arrived at Park Hotel at 4:30 pm. Miguel gave one look at the way I was dressed and blurted, "I watched what you wanted me to see. Now, go to your room, undress, and wait for me on your knees."
I giggled, "OK, boss."
For the life of me, I had no idea what made me behave like that, but I did.
I entered the same room I had sex with Freddy the other day and thought there was a residual smell of our escapade. And soon I'd be forced to perform an act with another... The whole idea felt very surreal! I was captured in a trap with no way out. I might as well make the best of it and hope for a good outcome.
I knelt on the carpet and waited for Miguel. He arrived 10 minutes later and stared at my C-cup breasts. He undressed nonchalantly and stood before me. He was dark-skinned, with black hair, about 6'1", 185 pounds, with an athletic body, scant hair on his chest, and a decent size shriveled dick. He moved forward until his member was an inch from me. I gazed at his face. He didn't talk, but his eyes shifted to his organ.
There was no need for further discussion. His nonverbal instruction was clear. I took his soft pecker in my hand, kissed it, and my lips wrapped around it. Since it wasn't hard, I was able to have all of it inside my oral cavity without difficulty. I began blowing him. His hands tweaked my boobs and then squeezed them roughly. It hurt, but I continued bobbing him, sensing it growing inside my mouth. I felt weird: Humiliated for kneeling and sucking my blackmailer's cock, yet excited that such a young handsome Latin guy was interested in me - A middle-aged woman whose husband seemed to be less inclined to have sex with.
I continued bobbing his long prick, feeling it lodge inside my pharynx. Then, when it was fully erect, Miguel pulled my hair, forcing me to drop his cock. Still kneeling, I looked into his eyes, trying to guess what he wanted.
He pointed to the large couch and commanded. "Stand before the couch and bend over. I consider you my bitch and want to fuck your cunt like a female dog."
I smiled, "Yes, Miguel."
On my way, I heard him blurt, "No more Miguel for you, bitch. Unless it's Tuesday or Thursday, when you cheat on Robert with Freddy, I am Master. Understood?"
I murmured, "Yes, Master."
"Good. As of now, we'll work together using the carrot and stick strategy: If you disobey or show reluctance to any of my orders, I'll punish you. And if you are perfect, I'll let you cum."
He approached my behind and touched my cunt.
He laughed, "Slut, I didn't touch you yet, and you are wet already!"
He was right, I was very horny...
He penetrated my pussy without foreplay or warning and began plowing into me at a Boeing 787 speed. I resisted for a short moment before climaxing. He pulled his cock off and waited for me to recover. I turned to him, watching his eyes quizzingly.
He said, "You did not get permission to cum. Unless I agree you deserve it, you'll hold it. It was your first time, so I forgive you, but next time you'll be reprimanded. Clear?"
"Yes, Master," I whispered.
"Assume the position!"
I parted my legs slightly and leaned again on the couch. My Master shoved his engorged rod into my vagina and started drilling into me again. I was so aroused that despite my efforts, I orgasmed again a couple of minutes later.
He bent over me and whispered in my ear, "I warned you to wait for the carrot, so now you get the stick."
Subsequently, he smacked my right ass cheek hard. I wasn't aware of his intentions and gasped. He continued ramming my pussy relentlessly, and soon my orgasm resumed. A second slap hit the other cheek. I couldn't stop cumming, and Master kept slapping my cheeks at full force, alternating between them. Initially, although I could not stop my climax, I felt my ass was on fire, but gradually, the feeling turned into a pleasurable pain that significantly intensified my already powerful orgasm.
Master bulldozed into my tortured cunt mercilessly, and I was screaming my heart out. I was on such a high; I felt I was about to die any minute and couldn't care less - I just wanted this sweet soreness to never stop.
And then, I heard Master growl and his cock jetted his hot spunk into me in rapid succession. To my disappointment, after cumming, his spanking stopped, and he slowed down.
He removed his organ and turned me around roughly. I was so tired, I couldn't stand anymore, and landed on my knees. Master forced his leaky cock into my mouth, and with the remaining strength I could recruit, I milked his residual drops from the source and licked the sticky member that began to deflate.
I was done and lay on the rug, unable to climb up. I watched Master's face with awe; He was cruel, inconsiderate, and overall a bad person. But the sex with him was unbelievable! With all the pain he inflicted on me, my orgasm reached a height it never reached with Bob or Freddy.
He stared at me and said, "Not bad for the first time. But I expect you to think about what I said. Wednesday afternoons, you are my bitch and slut. It means you are my property and do whatever I wish. Next time, I'll make sure you won't enjoy orgasm until I allow you to have one. Capisce?"
I whispered, "Yes, Master."
"Good. You can leave now!"
I managed to collect my clothes and dressed up. With my ass burning so much, I could barely sit while driving home. I knew Bob would be too tired to pay attention to my sore red butt. However, Freddy always loved to ogle me trotting around naked in the room. How do I explain it to him?...