It was our senior year in high school and it seemed that we were all finally turning 18. In fact, I had turned 18 a month before and Lori teased that I was too old to flirt with and stopped cold for almost a full week before giving in and blowing me a kiss here, pinching my butt there. It was innocent fun and we had been doing things like that for the past few years.
Lori had her boyfriends and I casually dated a few girls, but nothing ever got serious. Our parents had grown up together and our moms were best friends so we grew up together and talked almost every day; it was as if she was my sister. Thinking of her as anything other than a friend never occurred to me.
Then Lori turned 18.
We celebrated her birthday a couple of weeks late due to the weather when a group of us loaded up my truck and drove into Oklahoma City, or as we called it 'The City', to play miniature golf. It had been a favorite hobby of ours for years so it seemed the thing to do. We stopped at McDonalds on the way home, sang 'Happy Birthday' to Lori and put a candle in a cherry pie in lieu of a cake and we all had a great time.
When we got back home, I dropped everyone off with Lori being the last as she lives six miles out of town. I walked her to her door where we continued to talk and joke about how that now she was 18 and a grown up that she could do all kinds of stuff that she couldn't when she was a kid.
Finally it was time to go and I stepped close to give her a birthday hug. Lori leaned in hugging me back then pulled back. She had an odd look on her face then surprised me by darting in and kissing me. It wasn't one of the flirty kisses that we had been giving each other; it started soft then grew more intense. Suddenly she thought her tongue into my mouth and I instinctively responded. We stood there kissing for a few minutes, lost in the sensation, until Lori drew back, a shocked expression on her face. I started to stammer out that I was sorry but she pulled away and ran into the house without a word.
I stood there for a minute watching the lights inside turn off then the porch light went out. I took the hint and left. I didn't know what to think but determined that I would talk to her Saturday to see what that kiss was all about. It didn't happen. She avoided me all weekend even skipping church. I was a little worried that my best girlfriend and I had ruined our friendship with that kiss so I decided to act like it had never occurred on Monday and hope that Lori would be able to let it pass.
No such luck.
Lori avoided me for two more days! This is pretty hard to do in a high school of 380 and considering we shared most of our classes. I really didn't know what to do, I couldn't ask our friends as I didn't want the gossip to start but by not talking about it our classmates knew something was up. Lori and I hadn't had a serious fight in years; we were always talking. It was painfully obvious to everyone that something was going on. The four classes we shared were uncomfortable, lunch was awkward. But more importantly I really missed my best friend.
Finally, on Wednesday, Lori shyly said "Hi." I played it off as if the previous two days hadn't happened. She seemed relieved that I wasn't going to bring up the kiss. We talked about everything else. By the end of the day it seemed that things were back to normal.
Thursday arrived and Lori started the day off with a pinch on my butt that was sure to leave a bruise and startled me so much I banged my head in my locker. The whole thing caused her to burst out laughing so hard she actually started to snort. Once started she couldn't stop and I started laughing as well. By the time she had finally calmed down she was half way down the hall and disappearing into her first class. It continued throughout the day. Every time I least expected it she was behind me; playing with my hair, squeezing my butt, then during lunch she actually began rubbing my inner thigh under the table. I couldn't take it. I finally asked "What the hell has gotten into you?"
She calmly removed her hand and looked at me. Time seemed to stretch out then she asked "Can you give me a ride home, after school?"
I knew I wouldn't get an answer. "Sure, meet me at my truck."
"Thanks." She then shocked me by reaching her hand under the table and running it up my inner thigh until her hand reached the head of my dick. She paused, slid her hand up until it was on top of my shaft, then squeezed and rubbed it for a several seconds. I closed my eyes, trying to ignore what she was doing. This was far beyond anything she had ever tried with me and while her hand massaging my dick felt incredible, I didn't know what her game was. I opened my eyes and I caught her staring at me, studying me with absolutely no expression on her face. I started to say something but she shook her head slightly. She continued stroking as if she were measuring me then moved her hand up to the crotch of my pants and gently squeezed my balls.
"Lori..." I began.
She stopped and stood up saying "I'll see you after school." Then she was gone. I stared after her with no idea what was going on but I needed to find out what her game was, it had stopped being funny.
The last few hours of school seemed to drag by and I was so anxious to talk to Lori that I ignored several requests from other friends to do anything else after school.
At last the final last bell rang.
As I was putting my books in my locker she was behind me again rubbing my ass. I spun around and yelled "Damn it, Lori! What the fuck is going on?" and saw her studying me again. I actually began to get worried that something was wrong with her and asked "Lori, are you OK?"
"Take me home." she said then turned and walked down the hall.
I hurried to catch up and tried talking to her but she refused to answer any of my questions. She was focused on something but I just couldn't figure it out.
Unlike most days I gave her a ride home this time she didn't want to go to Sonic and get a Coke it was simply "Home."
As I headed toward her house I kept getting more worried. Her behavior since the previous Friday had been off and I didn't know what to expect. We were about 4 miles out of town when I pulled onto a lease road and stopped. I turned off the truck and got out. Lori sat there for a few minutes then followed. "Why did you stop?" She seemed genuinely surprised.
I faced away from her because her continuous staring was disconcerting. Finally I replied "I tried to pretend that the kiss didn't happen. I mean, you haven't talked to me for days. Hell, you've avoided me completely! Then, yesterday you were back. Today you...I don't know what you're doing. For years we've flirted, played, teased each other but today...I...is there something wrong? Are you feeling alright?"
She came and stood in front of me and quietly asked "Do I look sick?"
"No"
"I'm not." She paused and then quietly, "Are you still dating Shanna?"
"What? No. You know we broke up, or whatever."
"So you aren't doing anything tomorrow night?
I was confused by her sudden change of the topic but answered, "No, I mean, beyond what we always do on the weekends. Maybe see a movie, put-put, whatever the gang wants to do."
It hit me.
I don't know how I could have been so blind. "Why? What are you...?" I trailed off.
I looked at her, really looked. I didn't see a sister or a best friend. I saw a beautiful woman standing in front of me. Holy crap! I had avoided looking at her as anything other than 'Lori' for so long that I never noticed the woman she had transformed into. It seemed ironic that on the one hand I had known that she was one of the most beautiful girls in school but I never...wow!
She was 5' 10", maybe 130 pounds; her dark brown shoulder length hair was pulled back in a ponytail. She never wore makeup beyond her lip-gloss, she didn't need it. Her green eyes were staring at me with determination as I became aware of her. Then her face began to glow as she finally saw me seeing her and not my buddy.
She smiled, bit her lip then whispered "Would you like to go out tomorrow night? I mean, just the two of us? You know, like on a date?"
"What do you want to do? I mean, uh, I'd love to." How could I not?
"You need to pick me up at 6:30" she said, fully back to herself. "But first you need to do something, now."
I nodded. "What?"
"Kiss me, again. It's all I've been able to think about for days."
It felt strange as I approached her. She tilted her head up as I brought my lips to hers. It began tentatively but the heat of her lips, their softness drew me in. I pulled her to me as she grabbed me. What had started as something gentle became an eager embrace. Her tongue darted into my mouth then I reciprocated, driving mine into hers. It was as fierce and passionate a kiss as I've ever had until Lori finally pulled away.
She stood there, panting slightly; with that focused look in her eyes that I now understood meant she was aroused. Her lip-gloss was slightly smeared from our kiss and her hair had partially fallen out of its ponytail. She stepped back and I let my eyes roam over her body, taking it in. Tall and thin, I stared at her large breasts. I could see her nipples poking through her shirt. Impulsively, I reached up and cupped her right breast and was surprised when I felt that there was no bra. She closed her eyes, moaning, and leaned into my hand. I gently massaged her breast, marveling at its firmness. Wondering how I had managed to block this woman out. I gently grasped her nipple between my fingers and pinched it. Lori shuddered and gasped "That feels so good. Do it again! I've wanted this for so long!" I dragged her close and was about to kiss her when we heard the horn honking on a passing truck. We jerked away from each other; both of us suddenly self-conscious.
We looked around and it suddenly seemed funny that we were standing in the middle of a field in the middle of the afternoon making out. Lori's face was bright red and she was looking down. I gently brought my hand to her chin and used it to lift her face so that her eyes met mine. I was hers and she recognized this. Her lips quirked into a confident smile and said "You should probably take me home before we both do something we want to." Then reached down and rubbed my erection through my pants. She leaned down and whispered something as if talking to my dick then stood up and walked back to the truck.
I joined her and asked "What was it that you said? I couldn't make it out."
Impishly she just said "Home."
I turned the truck around and headed towards her house. Lori scooted over next to me and placed her hand on my dick, rubbing it as I drove. I noticed that the slower I drove, the slower she stroked. After an agonizing 2 miles I pulled into her drive.
"Walk me to the door."
Not knowing what she was going to do, I did. At the door she gave me a quick, chaste peck on the cheek then darted inside saying "See you tomorrow". I stood there lamely for a couple of minutes then cock-walked back to my truck and drove home. I cursed myself all the way home and had almost convinced myself that this whole thing was a setup just to fuck with me.
One of our group, Eric, was waiting for me as I pulled into my driveway. He'd come over at different times of the week and we would played some basketball. This time he kept asking me questions about Lori like "Why was she was pissed off at me?" and "Had I noticed how weird she had been acting all week?" I evaded his questions with vague answers the best I could until he asked if I thought she would go out with him. I tried to seem disinterested and said that I thought she might be talking to someone but wasn't certain. A little while later Eric left to get home for dinner and I finally made it inside. I had missed Lori's call but I saw her text me asking me to call her at 9:00.
Dinner, shower, TV...nine o'clock seemed to take forever to come around.
I didn't want to seem overly anxious so I waited until about 9:05.
I called. It rang. Voicemail. Crap!
I waited about 10 minutes and called again; voicemail, again! CRAP!
I thought she must have gone to bed then my phone rang. It was Lori. Relief!
"Hello."
"Hey! Whatcha doing?" she asked.
"Getting ready for bed, what about you"
"I just got out of the shower. Sorry I missed your call."
"No biggie," I murmured. "I wouldn't want to get in the way of you being clean."
"Do you still like me?" she asked, nervously.
"What? Of course! Why wouldn't I?" Lori didn't answer right away. In fact I was worried that we had been disconnected until she finally asked "Did you have fun today?"
"Yes." then "Why, didn't you?"
"I'm sorry about this past week. I've been thinking about this, you, for a long time. You remember right after Christmas you took me out to the lake and we drove around checking the fences?"
"Yeah."
"That's when it started. It felt good to be alone with you. You've always looked out for me. You remember I had just broken up with Kurt and you listened to me go on about what a jerk he was." I remembered. We had been checking Dad's farms and making sure the fences were in good condition. She had totally broken down over the breakup. We parked the truck and I held her until she had calmed down. We'd helped each other before after a bad breakup but thinking back nothing seemed special about that time either but something had changed. She continued
"I didn't tell you why but I was so pissed at him for trying to get into my pants that I had actually gotten out of his car and walked home." I hadn't known that. At the time she told me that they had had a huge fight but didn't say what it was about. It made sense. Lori and I had had 'that' discussion one on the way to her Aunt's house for Thanksgiving. We were both interested in sex but it was an abstract interest. It was too much fun just hanging out with everyone to complicate it with sex. We had talked about how when we 'did it' that we needed to be sure that it was the right person but, at the time, I hadn't even considered Lori as a possibility.
"He kept pushing me to give him a blowjob." I was kind of shocked to hear her say that out loud. "Every time we went out it was 'Hey, how about you blow me at the movie tonight?' or How about we go to the park and we could get naked and you could give me a hummer.' Or something like that. I kept playing it off but it got me thinking. I had decided to do it that night, the night we broke up. He picked me up and then drove down the road to where Kramer's old barn is. He parked and turned out the lights and unzipped. 'How 'bout it sweetie? Feel like a snack?' He was so crude and such a dick about it that I'd finally had enough. I asked him to take me home and when he refused I got out and started walking. He followed me all the way home with his window rolled down and yelling that he didn't understand what I was so upset about." She stopped.
"I didn't know. If I had I would have, I don't know..."
"What? Beat him up?"
I laughed "Yeah, I guess. Or something."
"I liked our kiss. Friday night was, I dunno, I wanted it so bad then I did it. Then I freaked. I'm sorry."
"No need to be." I said honestly. "I'm still surprised that I never thought about doing it before."
We lapsed into an uncomfortable silence for several minutes until Lori coyly asked "So you liked it?"
"Yeah."
"What else did you like?"
It still felt odd to be talking to her about this. "I guess I liked holding you."
"I liked it when you pinched my nipple."
"Lori!" I exclaimed.
"What? I did! I've never let anyone else touch my boobs before and doing it myself...it feels good but when you touched them..."
"When I touched them, what?"
"I, you know, it felt so great. I've been trying to get them to feel like it again but it's not the same. Even through my shirt your hands were like fire." She paused. "I need to tell you something. And I hope you're OK with it."
I discovered my mouth was dry. I was incredibly turned on. Lori had suddenly become this nymph but I liked it. I hoped it didn't end. I croaked "I'm OK with anything you want to say."
"What are you thinking?" She asked.
"I'm wondering what you suddenly need to tell me. I've already heard you say things I never thought you would say. At least to me."
She whispered "I'm a dirty girl."
"You are?"
Still whispering "Yes."
I sat there thinking about what she said. My mind was racing, trying to figure out where this was headed. I was also incredibly hard. I turned out my light and laid back.
"Mike? Are you there?" she sounded fearful that I might have hung up.
I managed a "Yeah."
"Are you...are you going to be OK with that?"
"I don't know." I didn't know how to move forward. I wanted to know what she meant. I hoped I knew. I remembered her hand on my dick and how hot she was when we kissed.
"You don't know? What do you mean?" I could hear the anxiety in her voice. She had put herself out there for me. I wasn't, I couldn't, reject her.
"I need to know more." I said and she laughed in triumph.
"What else do you want to know?" she teased.
"Why do you think you're a 'dirty girl'? Tell me what that means." I commanded,
Lori stammered "I, uh, I have to call you back." And hung up.
What the heck. I stood up and walked to my door, making sure it was closed then I returned to my bed in time to see that Lori had just sent me a text 'don't look at the next message I'll call you in a minute. PROMISE!'
I knew what I hoped that meant but I wasn't sure. I replied 'Promise'
Seconds later I got another message and I resisted the urge to look. I lay down on my bed and waited for her call. It seemed to take forever but was really only a couple of minutes. I answered on the first ring.
"You looked, didn't you?" Lori accused.
"I didn't! I promised but it's hard not to look."
"I need another promise from you."
"Anything"
"No matter what happens its only you and me."
I laughed "Like that's a hard promise to make. Or keep."
"Good." Lori sounded much more confident. "One more thing."
"What's that?"
"I need you to still be my 'big brother', my protector. I'm afraid that I might lose control."
"I can do that but what do you mean? Lose control?" I responded, confused.
"I already told you that I'm a dirty girl." She whispered 'dirty girl' as if she was afraid of being overheard.
"That's what you said but you haven't told me why. Tell me."
"I like to be naked, outside." She squeaked,
Smiling I said "I'm OK with that."
"It was an accident. Saturday afternoon I got up and the house was empty. Mom, Dad, and Paula had gone to the City and I was still thinking about our kiss from the night before. I, um, masturbated thinking about it."
"Yeah?" the thought of Lori masturbating was almost too much but I tried to play it calm. "So what? Everyone does it."
"You do? You masturbate, too?"
"Uh, sure. Once in a while."
She giggled "I'd like to see that! Oops! There! Do you see what mean? I'm naughty."
I closed my eyes and tried to picture her naked. "Why was Saturday different?"
"I was on the back porch. You know how warm it's been. I was only wearing the t-shirt I sleep in and my panties but since I live way out here there was no chance of being seen. I don't usually do that sort of thing but I was feeling a little excited. I sat there enjoying the sun and wondered if I should try to get a tan. No one was around so I took off my shirt and lay back. It felt so good to be free. I ran my hands up and down my chest. Mike, you have no idea what it felt like." I grunted and decided I wanted to find out but I didn't want to say anything to interrupt.
"I was, um, horny and needed to...something. So I got up and started walking around the patio in just my panties. I felt so nervous but really excited at the same time." she paused. "I decided to see if I could make it to the barn and the first few steps where the toughest. I was holding my hands over my boobs in case there was someone watching. I just knew I was going to be caught but I kept going. Each step came a little easier until I was in the middle of the lawn and I finally let my hands drop. It felt wonderful!" I could hear the excitement in her tone. "Then a wicked thought came to me. I looked around again and still no one, so I took off my panties. Mike! I was naked in my yard! That's when I knew I had to make it to the barn. I walked with my arms stretched wide with a little part of me hoping I would be seen. When I made it to the barn I actually did a cart-wheel! I was so turned on. I decided to push myself farther and walk around the barn but when I got near the back side of the barn I heard a tractor. You know Mr. Collier? He had someone out in the field spraying. I could see his truck across the field." Her voice lowered to a whisper, "I hid in the shadow of the barn and watched him drive back and forth. I couldn't help myself. I didn't know who it was and I knew I couldn't be seen but 'what if'? Right? I did it, Mike. I masturbated right there. I kept imagining that it was you in the sprayer and that you could see me. That you watched as I pinched my nipples. As I played with....myself."
I had already worked my shorts off and was slowly jerking off to her voice. I prompted "Where did you touch yourself?"
Barely audibly she said "I touched my pussy. Mike, I'm a dirty girl! I made myself cum! I had never felt it that intense before and I almost fell down." she paused. "But Mike it gets worse!"
"Worse?" I croaked.
"Yes! Suddenly, I can't stop thinking about sex. Mike, I'm worried that I might do something I'll regret. I've already made it part of my nightly routine to wait until everyone is asleep then I sneak outside naked. I walk around the house, the yard, the barn and I can't stop touching myself. Last night I actually walked down the middle of the road in front of the house! I laid down on the center line and rubbed my pussy until I came. Mike, I came so hard I think I screamed out your name. I've been lucky so far and I haven't been caught but I need help." Pausing again, she asked "Will you help me?"
"Uh huh" I groaned because she was talking like a dirty girl but she was going to be MY dirty girl. "Lori, I'll do whatever I can to help you."
I heard her giggle evilly. "Maybe you can help me tomorrow."
I was getting close to cumming just imaging her walking around naked. I desperately wanted to see her naked body and watch as she pleasured herself. I must have moaned too loudly because, in a stern voice Lori asked "Mike? What are you doing?"
I hesitated answering her and she asked "Mike? Are you masturbating?"
"Yeah." I was ashamed that I was called out but I couldn't help it and told her so. "Lori, ever since you started telling me what you did Saturday my dick has been harder than it's ever been. I couldn't help it" I almost pleaded "I want to see you naked."
Lori let out a loud evil laugh and said "So, you're a 'dirty boy'. Jerking off thinking about his new girlfriend. Are you going to cum?"
"I'm close."
"Does the thought of me rubbing my little pussy turn you on?"
"God, yes! I want to see you do it."
"Do what?"
"I want to see you rub your pussy and make yourself cum."
"OK"
My eyes were squeezed shut as I tried to picture her body.
"Mike?"
"Yeah?"
"I want you to do something."
"What? Anything." And right then I meant it.
"Look at the second text I sent." I had forgotten the text. I pulled the phone away from my face and frantically opened my message. It was a picture of Lori completely naked sitting in her chair, legs drawn up and her pussy was spread open with two fingers buried inside. Her body was beyond astonishing. Her abs were taut below perfect breasts that were topped with light brown nipples. I worked my way up and she was staring out of the picture at me that totally focused look that she had been getting lately. I heard her on the phone calling my name.
"Lori, oh my God! You're perfect!"
"Do you like that?" She teased.
"I've never seen anything more beautiful." I replied.
"Mike? This is important. Are you close? Are you going to cum?"
"Yeah"
"I want you to cum looking at my body. Looking at me. Do you like how I shaved my pussy? Mike? I did it for you."
That was it! I grunted and groaned as my orgasm hit me. The first shot hit my headboard. The next landed on my neck. I kept stroking and looking at Lori's perfect body and I kept pumping out cum. Finally, it ended but I was covered. I lay there panting for a few seconds until I remembered Lori was on the phone. "That was incredible!" I gasped.
She laughed. "It sounded like it. Now, one more thing."
"Heh, I'm not sure what I'll be able to do but sure."
"Delete the picture."
"What?!?!" I couldn't. It was the perfect picture. I needed to keep it.
"Do it. Do it and tell me the truth that you did." She commanded.
Sighing, I reluctantly deleted the image. "It's done."
"Really?"
"Yes. It was one of the hardest things I've had to do but I did it."
"Thanks"
"I should be thanking you!"
"It's almost time for my walk so I have to go. Goodnight, Mike." and then she was gone. I lay there until I finally drifted off to sleep.
My head was in my locker as I felt someone squeeze my butt. I had been hoping she would do that. I turned around and there she was; hair restrained by a pink headband she had pink hoop earrings and she was wearing her customary pink lip-gloss. She didn't need any other makeup. I looked at the rest of her, she was wearing a white blouse with pink plaid at the collar and cuffs and a pink plaid knee-length skirt. Grinning, I said "Hi." She had worn this before but today, well, today she looked stunning, radiant, incredible, and naughty.
"Phone." She stated, holding out her hand. I had deleted the picture but I guess she needed to see for herself. I handed it to her and watched as she went through my messages and all of my pictures. Finally she looked up and smiled. "I knew I could trust you but I couldn't have that picture get out."
"I didn't want to delete it. You were, are, incredibly hot." I stated honestly. I briefly regretted not saving it to my computer but I crushed that thought.
"You liked that?" she teased. "Sorry, I know you wouldn't show it around but if someone got your phone it would be everywhere." She leaned in and whispered in my ear "I may be your dirty girl but the school doesn't need to know that."
"Are we a secret, then? To everybody else?" I asked.
"Nah, it's what we do that's a secret." I heard the words 'what we do' and I wanted to ask but I was still feeling like I needed to follow her lead and was worried that if I said the wrong thing I would end it. However, before I got to say anything she turned and walked away. I watched her walk down the hall then stop.
"OH! I almost forgot!" she exclaimed then quickly walked back to me. I was aware of how her breasts bounced with each step and wondered how I could ever have missed it. "Here" Her hands were shaking as she handed me some papers. "Open them in order." A time was written on each one. "And can you put this in your locker? I don't have time to drop it off at mine before class." 'This' was a small white gift bag. She looked me in the eye "Promise."
There were five intricately folded notes. The top one was labeled "Now" then 9:15, 11:45, 1:45, and 2:15. I gave her a questioning look then replied "OK, I promise."
She placed her finger on the top note and said "Now." Then turned away and walked back down the hall. I watched her butt sway as she walked then stuffed the other four notes into my pocket and opened the first.
It simply read "I've got better pictures. Your DG"
The memory of her naked body flashed into my mind as I stared at the note then looked down the hall and saw that she was watching me. Then blew me a kiss and walked away.
I felt my dick start to get swell as I tried to imagine what pictures she might have and how they could be any better than the one she had sent me last night. Hearing the warning bell, I looked around. I needed to get to class but I had no idea how I was going to concentrate on anything for the rest of the day.
First period: Physics. I was normally one of the top students in class but I couldn't focus on Sine, Cosine, let alone the coefficient of anything. When Mr. Kimber asked a question about kinetic friction I could only think of Lori. It was the worst class I had. I was so distracted that Mr. Kimber asked me to stay after class. He was concerned that something was wrong. When I assured him that I was OK, just a little distracted, he said to make sure I was clear headed on Monday.
Second period: Pre-Calc. It was the only morning class I shared with Lori but at the beginning of the semester Mr. Bee had separated us because he wanted to make sure that the class was as dry, boring and monotonous as math is supposed to be. I was two rows behind and one seat over from Lori. She was already in class and I just made it. She was talking to Vanessa who sat next to her and briefly turned around to flash me a smile and a wave. I was determined not to let her keep me so off balance that I let Mr. Bee embarrass me with a question so I focused on the description of two-dimensional vectors he had written on the board. As he droned on, I lost track of everything else and started to relax. Then I saw Lori trying to discreetly get my attention while Mr. Bee was focused on the chalkboard. I looked at her and she pointed at the clock. It was 9:15; time for the second note.
I quietly dug it out of my pocket, making sure that I wasn't attracting unwanted attention. Again with the quick smile then she turned back to pay attention. I slowly opened the note. And had to read it twice.
It read: "I felt your dick get hard, Friday, when we kissed. I couldn't believe how BIG it felt. That's why I had to check it out during lunch yesterday. At some point you're going to have to show me what it looks like. Your DG" I could tell that she had settled on 'dick' after at least one other choice because of the eraser marks.
I immediately felt like my dick was going to rip through my pants. I stuffed the note in my pocket just in time because Mr. Bee had asked a question and I had no idea what it was. He looked around the room, looking for the one person that failed to pay attention and settled on me. "Mike? What's you answer?"
I was stumped. I could barely think about where I was. There wasn't any way that I was going to be able to answer. I must have looked quite a sight because he walked over to my desk and asked if I was alright. That I looked pale as a ghost. I muttered I was fine but he sent me to the school nurse to be sure. "I have a no passing out in class rule, Mr. Andrews." he joked.
I slowly got up, careful to hide my erection and shuffled out of the room. As the door closed I heard Lori snort and burst out laughing. Once I figure out the rules of her game I swore I was going to get even with her. Then I thought about what she had told me and I wondered if that might not be a part of her plan.
Ms. Pat, the nurse, had me sit back as she took my temperature and asked me if I felt faint or sick to my stomach. I assured her that I was fine, that Mr. Bee sent me against my wishes. She told me to lie down and I almost got up to do it but I realized that my 'condition' would be painfully obvious. Ms. Pat's eyes seemed to widen with realization and she turned away. I felt like I must have turned beet red but she was a professional and told me to stay put until I felt better and went to get me a glass of water.
I sat there for most of the next hour trying not to think of Lori or her notes but I was pretty much a useless endeavor. We had too much history and anything I would think of would bring my thoughts to her then to her now. I wondered how long this had been building. She had told me last night that it started after Christmas but I remembered a hug at Thanksgiving and a lingering touch at random times. I realized I could see that change I her going back to the first of school and I wondered what had changed and or happened. The bell rang; I stood up and assured Ms. Pat that I was fine and she absently gave me her OK to leave.
Third period: Computer Programming. My 'after high-school' plans were still vague but I thought it might be smart to learn more about computers than how to browse the web; to my surprise I found that this was my favorite class.
Eric asked if I was OK and if we (the gang) getting together tonight. I assured him that everything was fine but that I thought I had something going on. I lost myself in the class until my phone buzzed in my pocket. It was Lori and the message was:'1045 don't forget.' I glanced at the clock on my phone and saw that it was 10:45. I was glad she had reminded me but I was really involved in the web page I was fine-tuning. I thought about waiting until the class ended but I had promised. I dug it out and made sure no one was watching as I unfolded the message.
She had written "Just thought you should know that I took my panties off in the girl's bathroom right before I met you at your locker. Your DG"
I read it several times before I could bring myself back to where I was. She was naked under her dress. Fuck. I was going to die from sudden brain blood loss if she kept this up. I almost excused myself to go to the bathroom to try and do something about my erection. I imagined her sitting at a desk with her naked butt rubbing against a seat; the thought of her having an accident and falling down, flashing everyone in the hall, the thoughts flowed through my mind and when the bell rang. I think I saved my program as I left the room. I know I was hunched over, books in front when I ran into Lori. She was by my locker as I walked up, talking to the rest of our friends. She flashed me a smile and returned to talking to Vanessa. I put my books in my locker and was about to close the door when Lori pointed to the bag. "Hey, thanks for holding on to that for me, I didn't have time to put it in my locker this morning." Then deliberately closed the door and we walked off to lunch.
Lunch was uneventful except for the look she gave me when we sat down. Her eyes locked onto mine as she flipped up the back of her skirt and sat down then the look was gone. Several of our friends asked if I was OK when they heard I had been sent to the nurse and Lori almost snorted milk out of her nose laughing; bitch.
No, I was OK, I told everyone. I just got a little light headed.
We talked about weekend plans and Lori mentioned that she and her family were going to visit her grandmother this weekend and were leaving right after school. I almost said something until I felt her kick me under the table. I mentioned that I had to do some work on the farms and it continued like that around the table. No plans, it seemed that we were all busy this weekend. As lunch ended Lori reached over and gave my leg a quick squeeze then she was off.
Fourth period: Yearbook. Lori and I walked to class together but she refused to talk about anything other than how the yearbook was progressing. I was working on a picture collage for the cover and was almost done. Lori had the fun job in that her part of the class was responsible for getting the sponsors to pay for the publication. They, she, got to leave school and go to the different local businesses and ask for donations while the rest of us sorted through thousands of pictures to use during Baccalaureate or the yearbook.
We checked in and went to our separate areas. I was scanning the last few pictures into the computer when Lori walked over, and in her most public display yet, she grabbed my hand then leaned in to whisper "I told my parents that I had a school project to finish so I couldn't go to Grams. Mom told me to be sure to lock the doors at night. Have you looked outside?" I shook my head no then stole a glance. I almost begged Mr. Simms to let me go with her. The wind had picked up and I could only imagine how hard it would be to keep her skirt down. Lori gave me a wicked smile and left.
I sighed then busied myself with finishing the pictures and tried to put Lori out of my mind. I had scanned, labeled and cataloged the last picture by the time class was over.
Sixth period: English Comp 1. Ms. White, as always, greeted us at the door then locked it behind us. I've always wondered if that was to prevent what she called 'The Mad Comma'er' from escaping. If I passed this class I would probably kiss her.
Lori hadn't made it yet so, even though Ms. White knew why she was tardy, she would still give her the third degree. We were passing our weekly writing assignment in when there was a knock on the door. Ms. White ignored it until she had collected all of the papers. She graciously opened the door complaining loudly about what a disruption it was to have children showing up late and disturbing her class. Lori walked in, hair completely windblown. She apologized for being late then looked at me and winked. Ms. White told Lori to take her seat so that the class could continue. We listened as she lectured us about our research papers, sentence structure, and how important it was to be able to write good, I mean well, until it was time for us to go to the library. We sat across from each other and I was dying to ask what, if anything, had happened but she busied herself working on her paper. I gave up and tried to do the same but just as I was getting into it my phone buzzed again; '1:45'.
I made sure no one was watching and dug out the note. It was longer than the others. 'OK. This is the big one. I've teased you all day and since you've been a good sport (or I would have asked for the unopened notes back) it's time to ask something. I need to know you can help me be a dirty girl. YOUR Dirty Girl. If this isn't too much then here are the rules. 1) Keep me safe. 2) Push me to expand our experiences (she had underlined 'our') 3) Be true to me and I will be true to you 4) Keep me from losing control If you can PROMISE to do this write yes and give me the note.
I didn't rush to write 'yes'. I mean, there was never a doubt that I would agree so I thought about it and what it meant. We had been close for many years. Best friends and now it looked like, maybe lovers. To the best of my knowledge we were both virgins so this was a big step. I glanced up at Lori and she was staring at me and shaking? I smiled as I wrote 'YES you can trust me with anything', refolded the note and slid it across the table.
Lori reached for the note and I grabbed her hand. She tensed then we made eye contact. I smiled at her and said "Yes." she visibly relaxed and smiled back. She pulled the note back to herself and the read it, closed her eyes and stood. "Let me have the last note."
She didn't seem to be angry or nervous or, well, I couldn't tell what she was feeling but I reached into my pocket and gave it to her. She wandered off through the book aisles and I just watched.
It's funny, she had been teasing me all day and then this note changed everything. I was concerned about her but I was also very confused. A few minutes later she returned and handed me the note she had taken. She had changed the time from 2:15 to 'After last bell'. Then she moved her papers from across the table to next to me and sat down. I asked "You OK?"
"I am now." She grabbed my hand and we sat there until the bell rang.
Our next class was study hall so we were staying in the library.
Study hall was just that. I was able to focus on schoolwork and get most of my homework done. In fact, I was so focused that when the last bell rang I was annoyed that it had ended until my phone buzzed. 'Now' Lori had already slipped out.
I pulled the last note from my pocket and read it when she had taken it from me she had changed what it said.
'You're probably going to see me naked in your truck tonight.' The word 'probably had been scratched out and over it had been written 'definitely' and at the bottom she added 'I am so horny walking around school without panties'
I grinned and tried to imagine what it looked like and realized that I was going to see for myself later. I managed to get to my locker without showing the bulge in my pants and got the books I needed. I also grabbed the bag that Lori had left. I knew what was inside but decided to wait until I was in a little less crowded area that the school hallway to look. I almost ran to my truck.
Lori was not waiting like I expected her to be. I gave her a ride home on most days but, apparently, not today. I looked in the back and there were a pair of white cotton panties and a note.
'Change of time. Pick me up at 5. Wear your grey shorts and the green shirt I got you for your birthday. And NO jerking off!!!'
I laughed at the last because I had thought about it but she had plans.
The next hour and a half seemed to drag by. Mom was at home when I got there and she told me that Karen, Lori's mom, had called to tell her that Lori was staying home while they went to her mother's and had asked that I check in with her to make sure she was safe. I promised that I would take the time to check on her. Then she asked if I had any plans for the weekend. I said I had to work on the yearbook and take some pictures. We talked about that and school for a while but I kept glancing at the clock until Mom asked if I had to be somewhere. I said I was going out with a few friends and we were leaving at 5. With a reminder to be safe she let me go.
I raced up to my room, got my clothes ready then a quick shower and shave later I was flying down the stairs again. I had about 20 minutes to get there and I needed to fill up the truck.
Mom stopped me at the door and looked me in the eye and said "Be careful. Don't go too fast. And be safe." I kissed her cheek and said that I would and it only occurred to me as I was almost to Lori's house that maybe she knew that something was going on.
I knocked on her door and she answered almost immediately. She had changed clothes and was now wearing a light blue halter dress with spaghetti straps that fell to mid-thigh. She still had on her white shoes and socks. Her hair was in its customary pony tail and had put on a little eye makeup, making them appear larger and more innocent. "You look wonderful. I feel underdressed."
"Thanks but you look great, too." Then she looked down and said, "I'm a little underdressed too." I instantly knew what she meant. "Want a peek?"
Sighing, I told her "Lori, if I looked now, we wouldn't leave the house." She blushed bright red at that and smiled.
"Maybe that's what I want."
"Maybe." I stepped into the house and wrapped my arms around her and said "this is going to be one of the hardest things I'm ever going to do or say but; we need to go out first." She put her arms around me and pressed her head against me shoulder and nodded. "But after dinner...you might get a different answer."
She pulled back and then lightly kissed me and stated "We need to eat very soon."
Lori sat next to me for the 40 minute drive to the City and we talked about school, our friends and what there would say if they knew were together. Pretty much anything but about what we were doing or maybe going to do. We ate a Fridays and saw a few people we knew but ignored them.
We pretty much ignored our food as well. We drove to Lake Hefner and strolled along the paths for a while. It had been a warm winter and the early spring was the same. I've been on several dates and had a good time but it was so much more tonight.
I didn't think about sex for most of the evening but as it began to get dark Lori started to tease again. The first time was when she had skipped ahead on the path then bent at the waist to make sure her shoes were tied properly. I glanced around and we were alone so I stood there and watched. I saw the curve of her ass cheeks and I could confirm that she wasn't wearing panties.
Another time she twirled around so that her skirt flew up. I got a show and the jogger who was passing at the time did as well. Finally she kept rubbing at her chest just above her dress and asked me if I could see if anything had bit her and while I was looking she pulled her top down, revealing her perfect breasts and rock hard nipples. As she started to pull her top back up I said "Wait, I think I see something."
"What?" she asked, concerned and started looking for real, using her hands to move her breasts to get a better look. "What? Where is it?"
I laughed and pointed "Over there, I think that guy just got a fantastic look at you playing with your boobs!"
"WHAT?!? Where?" She squealed then looked around and finally saw him sitting on the bench a few feet away. She stuck her tongue out at me then him and said loud enough for him to hear. "I may not look it but I turned 18 three weeks ago!" then refused to pull her top up until we had passed him. "It's time to go." I agreed and we almost ran back to the truck.
We laughed about what had happened on the way home and just as we had left the City Lori said "You could have at least told me he was there."
"I did" I reminded her.
"Yeah, after I had been groping myself!"
"Well, your note did say that you wanted me to help push you. I thought that might be a push."
"More like a shove! I mean, when I saw him sitting there staring at me!" She stopped and sat there for a minute as we drove. "Pull off on that next lease road."
"Why."
"Do it."
I thought I had pissed her off and started to ask what was wrong but she shook her head. I slowed down and turned onto the road and Lori scooted back to her side of the truck and said "Stop. Turn off the truck." I did and killed the lights. I waited for her to say something but she turned towards the window then rolled it down.
"Lori, I..." and she got out of the truck.
"Stay here." then walked out of sight. I was more than a little worried until I heard her at the window again. She stood outside and leaned against the door. "I lied to you last night."
"About what?"
"It wasn't after that ride at Christmas that I first thought of us. Mom and I had taken that trip right before school started, you remember?" I nodded but I don't think could see. "My periods had been getting worse each month and we went to Dallas to have a specialist see what he could find." I suddenly got worried and her words echoed my thoughts. "Hell, I'm young and I read a lot on the web, there were all kinds of horrible things that I just KNEW were wrong with me. I talked to mom about it. That's why we went." She got quieter. "Mom wanted to help me so they ran all kinds of test and came back with exactly nothing. My normal doctor had told me there was nothing to be scared of, that some women had a worse time of it than others. The Doctor in Dallas confirmed that." Frustration plain in her voice, "There was, no there is nothing wrong with me. But he did say that some women respond to hormone therapy and that can reduce the pain and overall symptoms. I was all for it but he looked to my mother for approval." She paused. I gathered myself for some horrible revelation when she continued. "Birth control pills. That's the therapy."
"What!" I blurted. I had been expecting some long draw out procedure.
She laughed. "That's right, I'm on the pill!"
"Oh." Then "OH!" I could see her grin in the darkness.
"We haven't told Dad because you know how that would go....'No daughter of mine's gonna be on birth control! Next thing you know she'll be sleeping with half the town!'"
I was concerned because I knew that she hadn't but the thought raced through my mind faster than I could stop. 'Who?'
"Mom and I talked about it for days and I promised her that I wouldn't even THINK about having sex until after I turned 18. Then it was all I could think about. And it was always you."
I didn't know what to say. I felt stupid sitting there with an erection three stories high as she spilled out her heart but as she talked I became less concerned and more....
I felt something hit me in the face and then the door opened and closed. I pulled the cloth away and Lori was sitting next to me. I couldn't see for certain but I knew what had happened. "Let's go home." It took everything I had not to turn on the dome light but as I started the truck the glow from the radio displayed her to me. "Like what you see?" she giggled.
"More than anything on earth "I breathed.
"I told you I was going to be naked in your truck."
"Yes, yes you did. And I have been trying to not think of that since I read it."
"Why?" she asked innocently.
"Lori, I have that picture you sent me last night burned into my brain. The thought of that, of you sitting like that next to me is almost enough to make me..." I trailed off.
"What? Make you what? Tell me."
"Your teasing all day has made it hard to think and seeing you naked like this is about to push me over."
Very matter-of-factly she said "Well, that won't do! OK. Here's what you need to do. Get out and run around the truck until 'he' goes down."
"WHAT?"
"Get out. I'll do it to. If I'm responsible, I need to help." And she slid across the seat and got out. "What are you waiting for? Get out!"
I closed my eyes and almost considered leaving her there but I got out. I had promised. I got out and she said, you go that way around the truck and I'll go this way." We'd pass each other in the back or the front. I started around and Lori passed me heading towards the front and called back "You're too slow!"
I countered saying "You try running with hard dick!" I thought I heard her say that might be fun but I'm not certain.
As I came around the back of my truck I saw Lori in the headlights, facing away, doing jumping jacks. I stopped and watched her hard body bounce. Her butt was better than I dreamed and her legs...."Lori, why are you doing this to me?"
Still doing jumping jacks she turned and asked "Doing what?" Her boobs bounced up and down and there wasn't an ounce of her body that wasn't perfect. I stood there watching her.
She stopped and then approached me. Quietly, "Take my hand." I did. She pulled me back out into the headlights. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to tease you. No, that's not right. I do like it. I like to watch you squirm and turn red and see your big dick make a huge tent in your pants, just like it's doing now." She reached with her other hand and began softly rubbing my dick through my pants. "I like it" she said, earnestly.
"Lori," I began.
She shushed me and then began unbuttoning my shirt. When she had enough buttons undone she pulled it over my head and began rubbing my chest. "I used to think that you looked funny without hair on your chest but now I think it makes you look sexy." I stood there with my hands by my side as she rubbed lower. She walked behind "Close your eyes." She commanded. I did. I felt her reach in front of me and say "I said 'shirt and shorts'. Not 'belt'. I bet you have in underwear too."
"I..."
"Next time you'll know better." 'Next time' were suddenly the most wonderful words I could have heard then she had my pants and underwear around my ankles. "Feet" I lifted then and let her take my clothes all the way off. I was now wearing only my shoes; naked, just like her.
She squeezed my butt and whispered "I've been dying to see this ass for months." and continued rubbing it. As much as I liked the feeling, I needed more.
"Lori."
She kissed my neck "Yes?"
"Please." I asked.
"Please, what?" as she bit my shoulder and moved her hands to rub my abdomen, playfully stopping just above my pubic area.
"Are you going to do this all night?" I demanded.
She stopped touching me and stepped away. I turned around and she was careful to look me in the eye. "What would you do if I said 'Yes'?"
"You're being cruel. You've teased me all fucking day!" I yelled. And she stepped back. "I agreed to play your games but I guess I didn't know what you were in for."
"What do you want?" she demanded "Do you want to make me make you cum? To force me on my knees and then..."
I cut her off by grabbing her, pulling her tight to me and kissing her. She squirmed at first then stopped. I pulled back and explained "I don't want to force you to do anything but stop being such a cock-tease!"
She grinned as I said it and responded "He's poking me in the belly." Then glanced down.
Suddenly embarrassed that I was holding her against me naked I released her and stepped back.
Lori smiled and looked me in the eyes "Is this something you might like?" and never broke eye contact until she was kneeling in front of me.
"He's huge!" she gasped as she finally looked at my erection. Sure, I'm proud of him but I would never have used 'huge' as a description. "How big? Tell me!"
Like every other guy in the universe, at some time or another we all measure ourselves to make sure we don't fall, uh, short. I had and it was a little over 8 inches but tonight I think was pushing 10. I tried to be nonchalant and tell her "I think I'm close to 8."
"8 inches. It looks so big!" I basked in the headlights and moved my hips back and forth. What guy doesn't like to hear that? "Can I touch it?"
I about fell over laughing then I saw the hurt look on her face. "I'm sorry but that was funny. Isn't that the whole point?"
She looked relieved and grinned wickedly. "Yeah, but he looks real angry."
This almost caused me to laugh again before I replied "He's really nice. I bet if you were to talk to him and rub him he would be much happier!"
"I'll bet!" but she reached up and carefully placed a finger on my head then ran it up and down and around the shaft. "Does that feel good?"
Lori!" I warned.
"Sorry. It just the first one I've ever seen in real life, well besides Kurt's, and his was puny compared to this. And I didn't touch him...."
I could see she was about to start to rambling to I said gently "Lori."
"Yes?"
"I might like it if you use more than one finger." I prodded.
"Oh, guess you're right." She took a deep breath and said "here goes" and brought her hand up and grabbed it...me and squeezed tightly.
"OOOW!"
She let go and began saying "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry" over and over. I reached down and helped her to her feet and held her; she was shaking so hard!
"Are you sure you're ready for this?" I asked quietly. The words of my mother crashed home 'Be careful. Don't go too fast. And be safe' "I think we need to go home."
"NO!" she cried. "I can do this!"
"It's not about that. " I replied.
"I've thought about it and then...it's different than in dreams."
I chuckled "Yeah."
"But I've been so mean to you today. If we stop now..."
If we stop now we have, what, 50 more years?"
"Really?"
I didn't agree to go out with you hoping we would...you, know."
"Liar."
"OK," I conceded, "I had HOPED. Really, really hoped, but not unless you're ready."
"He seems less angry."
"When I'm distracted he loses some of his willpower to live" I joked.
"Not enough blood to go around, huh?" she teased. Then put her hand around my dick. "I do want to see it, what you did last night. Will you show me? "I hesitated because I hadn't ever had anyone who wanted to watch me. "You don't have to, if you don't want to." She said and continued to slowly move her hand up and down.
"It's not that." I replied. "I'd never really thought about sex before. I always just thought I would just 'do it'. The, uh, ins and outs of it never occurred to me." I reached down and wrapped my hand around hers, and began guiding her in how to stroke me.
"You like that?" she asked. "Do you like using my hand to jerk off?"
"Lori, you are so nasty."
"Dirty." She corrected. "I'm your dirty girl. And you're going to teach me how to jerk you off."
My dick swelled up and she gasped "Are you going to cum?"
I replied "if you keep talking like that I won't last long."
She pulled away little bit but kept stroking. "What, you like it when I talk dirty? How else could I talk when I have this huge....cock. in my hand." I gasped and I knew it was going to end soon.
"Fuck!" I moaned. "I don't know how much longer."
"Wait" she said then pulled her hand free and dropped to her knees in front of me. Then reattached her hand to my shaft. "Do it. I want to see you cum. I want to watch you as your white stuff squirts out!"
I looked at her before me, on her knees, jerking my cock and watching what she was doing. I noticed her other hand was between her legs and I asked her "Are you rubbing your pussy?"
"Yesssss" she hissed as she continued to jerk me off. I groaned as I felt my cum begin to boil over.
"You might want to move" I gasped too late!
"Wha..." is all she got out before the first shot of cum exploded against her cheek. Her eyes widened in surprise but her had never stopped moving. The second blast hit her chin and the thought flashed through me 'Lori has my cum on her face' then I felt it well up again and the next few spurts hit her neck and chest. After a few seconds I fell to my knees in front of her and her eyes were still wide open. I gently removed her hand from my no longer 'angry' dick and then Lori looked at me.
"OH MY GOD! She cried "We HAVE GOT to do that again!"
I laughed as I watched her. My beautiful Lori coated with my cum, raving about how awesome it had been. I agreed but then I'd been doing it to myself for a while. She brought her hand up and looked at it, cum smeared on her fingers. "It's everywhere!"
"Yes."
"I had no idea. Vanessa said there might be a lot but..." her eyes met mine and then started laughing. "How long before you can do that again?"
I drew her to me and said "With you to help me, probably not long at all." Her hand moved up and began rubbing her cheek and chin, rubbing 'me' into her. "Keep that up and it definitely won't be long." I kissed her.
Lori pulled back. "Can you take me home?" I stood on shaky legs and helped her to her feet.
After grabbing my clothes we made it back to the truck. "I want you to go through town on the way home." I looked at the clock and it was just after 10. Main Street was usually dead by 11. If I drove slow enough there would be no one out to see us.
Lori cuddled up next to me as I drove. Her hand never left my dick. She was determined to get her second show.
I got to town a little sooner than expected but we didn't see anyone we knew and the tint on my windows kept the two trucks we did pass from seeing us. I didn't tell that to Lori.
When we got the house it was dark and it felt a little surreal walking into her house naked. I kept waiting for her parents to jump out at me at any time. Lori guided me to her bedroom where we left our clothes then we went to her parent's bathroom. It had a massive walk-in shower where we could wash each other.
I finally got to see Lori's naked body in good light. She laughed as I insisted that I see her. Of course I took my time. I stood behind her and massaged her breasts, I mean washed them until I was absolutely certain they were clean. The awkward part was my dick standing at attention the entire time; it seemed to find the valley between her cheeks to be where it was going to make a new home. Lori didn't seem to mind.
I moved my hands lower, across her stomach and was amazed at how smooth and firm it was. I kissed her neck and shoulders as I moved lower. I had never touched a woman before and I didn't know what to expect. My hands moved slowly and I rubbed gently as I approached her pubic area. Lori's moans and squirming increased as I moved my hands lower.
"Mike, please, touch me." She pleaded. "Touch my pussy, please." I felt the top of her slit and I gently rubbed it in small circles then ran my fingers up and down on either side. I had never felt anything so smooth and soft. I ran a finger up and down the slit and Lori bucked back at me and gasped "Yes." I lingered there, stroking my finger up and down then I applied light pressure as I rubbed. Lori's hand fastened onto mine and guided it to her clit. "Here! Rub here!" and began firmly pressing her fingers into her in a tight circle. Lori started gasping and panting then let out a cry as her body bucked back against me then she started shaking, almost violently but her hand never let up its pressure on mine so I rubbed until she gasped and almost fell to the floor.
I held her up until she turned around and put her arms around me then latched her lips to mine in a passionate kiss. I busied myself with continuing to rub her body as we kissed until the water ran cold.
Lori guided me back to her room where we lay down and held each other. "Lori, I think we need to stop for tonight. We could both get carried away and, and..."
"Don't think so much."
"It's my job to think. It would be too easy to lose myself in you but we need to take this slow." she seemed to know that 'this' wasn't code for sex.
"I knew I was right to pick you" then climbed on top of me and began to kiss me. I cupped her ass and reveled in its firmness. Then, realizing her intent, I rolled us over until I was on top.
Lori smiled as she looked up at me and wrapped her legs around me. "Looks like you're seeing things my way."
It hadn't been my intent to position us this way there we were. "Lori, we shouldn't do this...not yet."
"I don't think you believe that...or at least 'he' doesn't"
"'He' wants to. So do I but I'm not sure if" she cut me off.
"You think too much!"
Maybe I was. I wanted to, she wanted to. "I'll stop if you tell me"
She leaned and kissed me. "If you stop I'll scream." and with that she reached down and positioned me at her opening. I'd watched porn and read about it but nothing had prepared me for what I felt. Volcanic heat surrounded me as I slowly pushed. Lori gasped. "Oh my God, it feels....don't stop."
I pressed in a little farther and when I was almost fully inside Lori cried out "AHHHH!" then started breathe deeply. I started to pull out but her legs held me in place. I felt her gripping me and I just knew I had given her her first orgasm. Confidence surged into me and I resumed pushing inside.
"All of it" she breathed, "I want to feel it all." I gave a final thrust and we were joined.
Lori wrapped her arms around me and moaned "So much, so full. You feel...you're filling me up!"
I felt her contracting around my dick and gasped "Lori, I'm not going to last long. " She didn't hear me as her second orgasm flowed through her. "GGGGAAAAHHHH!!!" she screamed incoherently.
Her arms released me and she fell back to the bed gasping. "Fuck me. Fuck my pussy. Make me cum again!" she pleaded.
With difficulty I withdrew a couple of inches and thrust back in side. Each thrust cause Lori to grunt and I could feel my cum building. "Lori, I can't make it last" I tried to maintain a steady rhythm "You feel too good!"
"I don't care! Cum in me! Make me your woman!" she begged.
I managed to hold out a few more seconds then I felt it rise "Lori! Here it CUUUMMMSS!" Holding myself inside as deep as I could as it washed over me. Lori clasped me tight and I could feel her milking my dick as I pumped my cum into her. It seemed to last forever then it was over.
I collapsed on top or her and lay there panting.
Lori brushed the sweat off of me and began planting kisses all over my face. "You feel so good, Lori. "
She laughed at that and I understood. "Thank you for making me yours. I'm your dirty girl, now."
I smiled and replied "Yes, yes you are MY Dirty Girl"