I was 40 the first time I had sex with a work co-worker. I had an ongoing affair an older female boss over a year when I was in my 20's, but this was different. This lover was a younger subordinate and I would have been fired for doing this. We were in New York City together for a client meeting and we decided to extend the trip an extra day to enjoy some culture the day after.
We both had partners but we had flirted for months at work and shared some very naughty conversations over drinks. Now being out of town together we decided to take things to another level -- and fuck.
The first evening together was definitely passionate. She teased me about being the more romantic of the two of us, and more slave to her pleasure than her boss. I'm fine with that role. We awoke anxious for more exploratory lovemaking, but had overslept and were famished so we decided nourishment was in order before more sex.
We used the bathroom and showered in turns then got ready shyly and independently. It was almost as if the new day brought a new-found modesty that neither of us displayed the night before while in the heat of passion. Before we left the room I touched her face and kissed her good morning like we were long-time lovers. Our tongues fence playfully. She tasted like a fresh peach.
I said happily, "Okay time for breakfast."
She replied seriously, "Fuck breakfast... I want you to eat ME again!"
"Okay," I said, "you're the boss today," as I helped her out of her panties.
With her fully naked and seated comfortably on the bed, I disrobed where I stood right in front of her. She definitely had the best body I had ever seen in person. Her photo should be in the dictionary next to the definition of "voluptuous". She was impossibly curvy and firm, but still softly feminine. She had her feet up on the edge of her bed, with knees open immodestly flashing me a glistening wet slit. That image is burned in my memory. Gorgeous.
At this point, I slid up between her parted knees and buried my face in her electric fur. She knew I like women with a full bush and told me she had grown it out for this trip, just for me -- much to her own boyfriend's annoyance. She deserved a reward for that pre-trip planning.
For me, the bouquet of a pussy is a pure aphrodisiac. It will make me hard if I am not. And, it kicks my pulse up and makes my cock throb if I'm already hard. But most of all, I can identify my partner by her unique scent. That provides me with an olfactory memory her that I want to recharge whenever we meet. Perhaps I should have been a perfumer. Or, le nez as they're called in France.
But, there is another reason that I like to going down. I always want to make a woman cum once before we fuck. The liquid silk they make just before, and during, an orgasm is the VSOP Champagne of lubricants. It is my carnal holy water. Post orgasm, a pussy is not only full of this Grand Cru lubrication, but she is still unstretched by my cock and gloriously tight. The first push into this post-orgasmic state is the absolute best feeling my cock ever gets.
In one hard push, I can thrust into her balls deep. I can enjoy a tight muscular resistance that is instantly parted thanks to the sublimely slippery ambrosia she made during orgasm. This physical sensation is nothing short of spectacular.
Face already in her snatch, I wrapped my arms around her legs. She sighed and leaned back comfortably. I softly ran my tongue right up the middle of her slit -- from "taint" to clit. Slowly and softly. I parted her lips with my tongue. She tasted as good as she smelled.
I inserted my index finger to part her lips; slipped it in (she was so wet!) and curled it upward. I was pressing the tip of my finger on the wall of her vagina right behind her clit from the inside as I licked her. I didn't actually suck on her little button, but I massaged and pulled on it with my upper and lower lips.
I started to rub her clit with my tongue up and down. Still no suction. I removed my index finger and used the palm of my hand to rub her labia as I flicked her clit with my tongue. I edged her vagina with a fingertip as I did so. When I sensed she was ready to cum I inserted two fingers and finally sucked directly on her clit. She grabbed my head with both hands, thrust her hips forward and attempted to fuck my face. I continued to work her clit and massaged her inside with my fingers. She started to cum and provided me with an unintelligible verbal cue she was about to climax. She said something in the language of a lioness. Sort of a growl of a word. My name perhaps?
Normally I would be up and in; fucking her through the finish of her contractions and then try to bring her to another g-spot induced orgasm immediately after. Or, I might just tell her to roll over on to her tummy so I could enjoy a hard, dominant orgasm. Instead, I continued to lick her pussy softly until her orgasm was complete. Then I slid up next to her and asked, "did you like that, baby?"
"It was okay..." she said, teasing me.
"Blow me!" I retort in feigned anger.
"Okay," she replied with a mischievously smile as she slid down preparing to suck my cock. "No," I say, "Not now. I want to show you something you'll really like. Get dressed. We're going to the museum. I want to look at art while we smell of sex."
"What? Go? Now!?" she said surprised and somewhat annoyed hoping for round two that will lead to my own juicy orgasm simultaneously with her second one. I pulled on my clothes. She reluctantly did the same, thinking that I'm a very odd man.
"Wear a skirt," I demanded. Then added, "Leave your panties behind, but bring your phone..."
I put on a leather jacket and stuff a little point-and-click camera in my pocket. She pulled on her skirt, a button-down top and a light jacket on over and prepared to venture into the city without her panties. She straightens her hair a bit and we are out the door in minutes.
On the street and I hail a cab. "The Metropolitan Museum, please," I say to the driver as I lean forward. My hand is up her skirt and as soon as we move into traffic. She is still wet from earlier.
I turned to her and said, "I think you are REALLY going to like THIS." She wondered what "this" is.
Our taxi pulled up to the curb on the 5th Avenue side of the Metropolitan Museum, just off 82nd. I reminded her to carefully manage her skirt while climbing the 30-some steps to the main entrance since, since she wasn't wearing panties. She laughed, then looked behind to realize I wasn't kidding. Without panties, if she wasn't careful, she would flash her bare ass (and much more) to any lucky pedestrian who happened to look up from street-level.
Once inside the Met, I bought our tickets and gallery map and we headed up the grand staircase, with her now carefully monitoring her skirt. She pointed in the direction of the Japanese Gallery, but I took her hand and led her the other way. She was confused by this but went where I took her. We walked around the main stair so we could overlook the Great Hall.
We were looking down from the southwest balcony with our butts facing the Greek room. We laughed at this sexual irony. I suggested we make a photo essay of our adventure. I told her to take photos of the backdrop with her cell phone, while I hold my camera at arm's length for a selfie of us while she takes a photo of the lobby. She's puzzled by this game but complies.
When I suggested that she shoot a photo of the lobby, she leaned on the railing to frame her shot. I leaned against her. She realized immediately what I had in mind. In one of our naughty happy hour conversations she had revealed being excited by the idea of clandestine public sex, but her boyfriend would not consider it. I wanted to take this "date" to another level and scare her a little to heighten the arousal.
The spot was devoid of other people. I told her to pretend she was shooting photos and to take her time. My mid-length coat extended below the bottom of her skirt. I unzipped my jeans and push up against her from behind. From under my coat, I raised her skirt, took out my cock and slid it into her still wet pussy from behind. She gasped and looked around nervously. I held her to the railing so she couldn't escape even if she wanted to. But, she didn't try to get away.
"Assume the position, baby," I thought to myself. She read my mind and leaned forward to provide me better entry access. All I said to her was, "Perfect," as I pushed in deeper.
I leaned in hard and whispered, "Now take your picture, baby." She shot her photo with me inside her. I held my camera at arm's length and snapped a selfie of us. I then extricated myself from her and zip up my pants. We previewed my photo. She wondered what kind of man thinks of this.
"This is a very stimulating perspective..." she quipped.
"Yes, I noticed the satisfied smile," I replied.
"Don't flatter yourself, I was talking about the view," she laughed.
In the photo we just looked like an ordinary couple taking a selfie. She realized this is how any nearby tourists would see us mid-fuck. As would any surveillance CCTV cameras with an eye on us. I made my point picture-perfect, and she's suddenly overcome with a newfound desire to shoot the entire museum. And that is exactly what we did.
We ed our erotic photo shoot cautiously just in case someone else happens into each gallery. However, now that she was convinced no one could tell what we were doing, she started to get more playful about the process.
She bent far forward while looking for her next photo below, pushing me into her more deeply. Then, to further tease me, she flexed her kegel muscles several times and then looked over her shoulder and smiled wickedly.
She said wryly, "Wouldn't you like to shoot now, too?"
Then she actively pump me a couple of times by pushing her ass into me and pulling forward rapidly, trying to tease me to cum in public. Actually, I then became the one who was a little scared.
I was very tempted to fuck her quickly to climax, but I think better of that. I wanted to save my orgasm for a more comfortable place. And, I really didn't want any of my DNA dripping onto the museum marble. That's evidence if we were caught. I withdrew from her and zip up my pants.
We fucked again in this same pose on every floor and left the museum. She then said, let's do the same thing in Central Park. I think I may have created a sexual monster.