I'm a voyeur and an exhibitionist and, to get straight to the point, I love masturbating with other people. Especially with couples who either fuck while I watch or just masturbate while we watch porn and each other. I almost never touch or fuck them. It's all about being together, watching them, them watching me. It's hot as fuck, and I'm thankful I've been able to hook it up so many times over the years. These are true stories. While I've filled in a little on details I don't remember exactly, the main gist is always true.
The best place to start is with Laura and Rick. It was with them that I made the kink transition from exchanging fantasies online to meeting up and playing together. Whether it's because they were my first couple, or because they were so hot, I don't know, but I think about them a lot. I moved away from Seattle and they started having kids, so we don't really stay in contact much, but once in a while we still talk about the old days.
I found Rick via Craigslist, back before it cleaned up a lot of the sexual ads. I was interested in exchanging email fantasies with a woman or couple and he answered my ad. He was very discreet, very cautious at first, and he came across as decent and intelligent, so I was very interested right from the start. When you have a brain and an education and you get off on words, it's hard to get excited about writing back and forth with people who can't spell or manage a complete sentence.
He and Laura were a white couple in their late 20s, and they'd never moved in the kink communities that I had. I was in my mid-30s and had bounced around quite a bit. I'd been to orgies and gangbangs and the whole nine yards and had settled into the much less fraught world of chatting online. No worries about disease, no fighting off gropers, altogether a very safe way to keep some kink going in your life. They were just starting to dip their toes in, and had never done much beyond vanilla sex in their own bedroom, with some very light bondage thrown in. So we were coming to this from different angles, but we were having fun with it.
He started off talking about how it was his fantasy to tie Laura down naked and watch while a group of men jerked off and came on her body. He said Laura was tall, thin, blonde, with small, perky tits, and that she was very quiet, very prim and proper, and conservative in bed. We exchanged fantasies about this a bit via email, and it quickly became apparent to me that this was not just his fantasy. It was Laura's as well, or at least parts of it were. She was getting off on the idea of submission, and of being put on display in a way she couldn't control. We traded fantasies about scenarios like that and I always had a raging erection afterward and would come very hard when I jerked off. Rick said he and Laura both enjoyed my emails, and she was always way hornier after they read one together.
We exchanged email for a few weeks like this, and it eventually came out that Laura was very reserved in bed, not kinky at all, until they started talking about fantasies involving other men watching her and jerking off. She didn't want to be fucked by other men. She just wanted to see their hard cocks and know they wanted her. We started talking about preferences in porn and I was surprised to learn that Laura didn't watch much porn, but when she did, she liked bukkake videos, or facial cumshot compilations. Anything involving men lining up to stroke in front of a woman's face turned her on. She also loved solo male videos, just guys jerking off and coming. Rick and I exchanged some links to favorite videos, and he said he'd watch some with Laura and see how she reacted. That was Thursday night.
I have always kept a separate email account solely for kink stuff, and as a rule, unless I'm in the final stages of scheduling a play session with someone, I don't check that account all day while I'm at work. Otherwise, I find myself checking it too much, and walking around the office all day with a hard-on. So the day after we exchanged those video links, I came home from work, dropped my keys, took off my coat, and started checking the kink account while I puttered in the kitchen, looking for a drink and a snack before I did my workout. Not very exciting Friday plans, I know.
There was only one unread message in the inbox, and it was from Rick, from just a little before 2 AM that morning. There was an attachment on it, too. When I opened the message, there was no text, just a phone number and an mp3 attached.
"Oh shit," I thought. "This might be escalating."
I opened the file and it started playing on my phone.
"Hi, Jim," said a woman's voice in a really sexy, slow Southern accent. "This is Laura. I wanted to talk to you too, and Ricky told me to send you an email but I don't want to. I type all day at work, and there's nothing sexy about it to me." She laughed. I could tell she'd been drinking. "Plus, this is the internet, right? If it's just an email, you don't know if it's really me, or if it's Rick, or some guy living in his mom's basement. At least this way you know it's real."
There was a long pause. Indeed, this was the first real proof of her existence. I'd been burned out on dealing with pic collectors online, so I'd made it clear to Rick that I would never send pics and I didn't expect him to send any either. I'd believed him for some reason, that Laura was real, but I'd had no real proof til now.
"I really liked the videos you sent, Jim. Ricky and I watched all of them tonight. We couldn't wait."
There was another pause, and some kind of noise I couldn't identify, then she said "oh, baby," very quietly.
"Jim... you gotta excuse me now and then..." she caught her breath for a minute. "'Cause Ricky is here teasing me. He's got a finger in my pussy, Jim. And he keeps taking it out to rub my clit for me." She breathed heavy for another minute before continuing. "Ricky baby, go slow, baby, or I won't be able to finish talking to Jim."
I'd closed my fridge at that point and I was standing at the kitchen counter, unzipping my pants and pulling my cock out to stroke it slowly.
"Jim, do you like hearing about my pussy?" She laughed again. "I feel all shy telling another man about my pussy, but it's so wet, Jim. Ricky says when we're reading your email or watching your videos, I'm so much wetter than I ever get. Makes me kind of self-conscious, like maybe I'm a bad wife or a slut. Like maybe I'm some kind of messy slut."
She breathed heavy for another minute.
"Am I your messy slut, honey?" she asked quietly. I heard Rick say "yes, you are" and then Laura grunted several times, like maybe Rick was pumping fingers in her pussy.
"Oh baby, slow down," she said. "I'm sore, Jim. We've been fucking all night. Ricky's been fucking me so good. We watched those videos. I loved them all, but the gangbang... when that girl gets that giant dick in her ass... and he's just going at her hard... you can tell she feels so good, that it hurts, but she wants to be such a slut for him. Oh baby, I wanna be your little slut again. Can you do it again?"
I stopped stroking myself because I didn't want to cum yet.
"Yeah, that's it, honey. Jim, baby, he's got his finger in my ass. It feels so good. I'm so tight back there, honey. I've never been fucked there. Have you ever fucked a girl in her ass?"
Yes, I thought. And a couple of men, too.
"It's so dirty. Baby, I love it. He's fingering my ass real good now. I feel like a good little slut. You wanna fuck my little asshole, baby? Just that finger for now, honey, just don't stop. Jim, I'm gonna use my vibrator now."
My eyebrows raised and my jaw dropped involuntarily as I heard a strong vibrator switch on and Laura moaned loudly.
"I'm thinking about your dick right now, Jim," she said, breathless. "I wanna see your--oh," and then she cried out sharply and started moaning as her orgasm hit, but my jaw dropped further as she kept on moaning and moaning rhythmically for at least two minutes, in a marathon, multiple orgasm.
"Jesus," I whispered to myself.
Her orgasm subsided and the vibrator switched off. I could hear them kissing for a minute and then Laura said "Jesus," too, and I laughed out loud.
"Jesus," she said again. "That was a good one. I'm so worked up tonight, I don't know how I'm ever gonna sleep. I was thinking about your dick, Jim. About how big you told Ricky it was. I wanna see it, Jim. I wanna see you jerk off. I want you to watch Ricky fuck me. I gotta stop talking now cause I'm gonna suck Ricky's dick for him. He's been so good to me tonight. I want his dick in my mouth for a minute. I know it's gonna taste like my pussy. He's been fucking me so good tonight. I want him to fuck my mouth. He's nice and hard for me. Come on, baby, fuck your baby's mouth."
And then I could hear her moaning around his cock, and the increasingly wet sounds of a messy blowjob.
"Jesus," I said again.
Rick didn't last long til I heard him cry out "oh!" and moan quietly while Laura encouraged him with moans of mm-hmm around his cock.
"Mm, thank you, baby," Laura finally said. "Jim, he just gave me some more cum... I'm surprised he had any left. He's been cumming in my pussy all night. I'm all a mess. Anyway, we'd like you to come over. If you get this tonight, call Ricky. Or tomorrow night. Just give us a call. I wanna see that dick, Jim," she said, and laughed again before the audio file ended.
I took a deep breath and tapped the phone number to call it. It rang a couple of times before he answered.
"Hello?" I could tell he was on a hands-free system in his car, with road noise in the background.
"Hi, Rick? This is Jim. From email. Is now a good time to talk?"
"Yeah," he said, kind of tentatively. "I'm alone in the car."
"I just got your email from this morning, Rick. I just listened to it. It's amazing, it's fantastic, Jesus, I'm sorry it took me so long to get back to you," I said.
He laughed a little and then sounded much more confident when he spoke again. "We thought maybe we'd scared you off. We've been calling each other all day!"
"Oh, hell no, Rick! That's the sexiest email I've ever gotten. The sexiest thing I've ever heard! Do you seriously want me to come over?"
"Well yeah, man! We both do. We've both been horny all day talking about it. Are you free tonight?"
"I'm very free, extremely free, when should I come over?"
"We're both on our way home right now. Maybe half an hour?"
Fuck yes, I thought.
"Yeah! That works. Give me your address. It'll be about dinner time--should I bring some takeout or something?"
"Yeah, Jesus, that's probably a good idea. We've been talking about sex all day and never talked about dinner. Just do something easy."
We decided on a pizza, and he gave me their address, which was thankfully pretty close by.
"And hey Jim," he said, in a change of tone. "Before you come over, let's just keep it low key tonight. I mean, we're not looking for you to have sex with Laura."
"Not a problem, Rick," I said. "Totally understand."
"Let's just like hang out and watch each other, and just no touching, okay? I feel like we can trust you on that. Am I right?"
"Absolutely. I'm on board. It sounds like a lot of fun with just that, and I'm not looking to mess it up."
"All right, thanks," he said. "See you in a little bit. I'll let Laura know now."
We hung up. I was admiring them more and more. Rick's tone at the end there--I could hear how protective he was, how much he loved her. I could also tell they were a strong couple, and smart, responsible people, even if they were taking a risk inviting me over. Early on in our email exchanges we'd made it clear to each other that neither of us was into degradation or disrespect. Rick and Laura's fantasies about other men had nothing to do with shaming Rick. It was all about Laura feeling desired. That was my ideal situation, as I'd always hated when group play devolved into degradation. If that's your kink, it's cool, I just don't get off on it myself.
I called in the pizza order and took the world's fastest shower before changing clothes and heading out in a hurry. With the pizza order, rain, and traffic, it was more like an hour before I got to their townhouse. When I rang their doorbell, my heart was pounding and I felt a little light-headed. Like I said, I was very experienced, but there was something about Rick and Laura and this scenario that made me feel like a novice again.
Rick answered the door and invited me in. I kicked off my wet shoes in the entryway. We were both blushing and kind of quiet, like a pair of schoolboys. Rick was just a couple inches shorter than me, about 5'8", and he was built a little more solidly than me, with wider shoulders and a bit more muscle. I tend toward the thin side. He was a fairly good-looking guy with nice eyes and bushy brown hair parted down the middle, kind of an 80s throwback haircut, and he had on some old jeans and a red flannel shirt. He led me into the dining room, where I saw Laura.
Laura was just as he'd described her, though I admit I was unprepared for exactly how beautiful she was. She was tall and thin, about my height, maybe just an inch shorter, with long, straight blond hair, and very fine features. Her thin, delicate fingers were wrapped around a glass of whiskey on the bar between the kitchen and dining room. Her eyes were big and pale green, and I felt a little breathless when she locked them on mine. She smiled demurely.
"Well hi, Jim," she said. "I just got home, so I didn't get a chance to shower or change. Y'all are ahead of me."
She was wearing a dark, floral print dress of a conservative cut that came down well past her knees, but it was a thin, silky fabric that flowed over her small breasts and hips very flatteringly. Her legs were clad in opaque black stockings or tights.
"You look beautiful," I said. "You have nothing to worry about there."
Rick went into the kitchen to get plates for the pizza, which I put down on the dining table, and Laura offered me a glass of whiskey.
"I don't know," I said. "I've got to drive tonight."
"We won't kick you out anytime soon," Laura said, pouring me a glass. I went over to accept it and took a drink, looking around the place. It was nice and comfortable, but not opulent. The ground floor looked to be the kitchen, dining room, and a sunken living room, and I thought I spotted a bathroom down a short hall beside the staircase. They had a roaring fire going in the living room, which looked very comfortable with a big, cushy sectional sofa, a couple of overstuffed chairs, and a widescreen tv that looked like it already had a porn DVD cued up.
"You have a great place," I said.
"Thanks," they both said.
We were all kind of smiling and blushing at the small talk when we knew what we really wanted was to see each other naked.
"Thank you for the file you sent," I told Laura. "It was really amazing. I was blown away--am still blown away."
She blushed harder and laughed a little.
"God, you're welcome, Jim," she said. She took a big drink of whiskey, finishing the glass, and then smiled more broadly. "I'm a Kentucky girl, so I like my bourbon." She poured herself another from a bottle of Woodford Reserve. "Plus I think I need a little courage for this."
Rick came back with plates, napkins, chili flakes, and so on, and we all took a slice or two of pizza. We remained standing there around the bar, sipping whiskey, eating our slice, and trying to make some small talk about where we worked and how bad our commutes were.
I was a researcher and technical writer at the time, with some freelance editing on the side for medical journals. Rick and Laura both worked in software, with Rick a developer and Laura more on the business management side in different companies. It was easy to imagine Laura running an office, presiding over a conference table. She was very beautiful, but there was a formal reserve in her as well. Probably that Southern belle upbringing. If I met her in a professional setting, I'd probably think of her as "beautiful," but not "sexy." But since I knew what she got up to in email exchanges with me, I found her captivating. I kept finding myself staring at how her silky dress clung to the sides of her breasts and swayed with every little motion.
I wasn't really hiding the way I was looking at her, given the reason why I was there, and Laura was always looking me in the eye, smiling, when my eyes rose back to her face. She was enjoying the attention. Before she was even done with her single slice, she put her plate down on the counter, cleared her throat, and after taking another big drink of bourbon, looked me and Rick in the eye in turn.
"Well, I don't know about you two," she said, "but I've been hot and bothered all day, and I do not want to just stand around the kitchen eating pizza all night. So I'm gonna go down there," she said, pointing to the living room, "close the blinds, get comfortable, and start watching a movie."
"Sounds good to me," I said, and Rick laughed a little.
"And before I lose my nerve," Laura continued, "let me say that everybody should go at their own pace, but I expect to see both of you naked before anything else is gonna happen."
With that, she blushed furiously and took her glass and the bottle of whiskey to the living room with her. Rick and I looked at each other nervously and then we both watched her go. Her movements were very deliberate, like she was probably trying to control a little nervous shaking, as she set her glass and the bottle down on the coffee table and moved to close the window blinds. She swayed her hips with a little exaggeration as she moved to the sofa, and looked up smiling at both of us before she settled there, sitting all the way at one end, against an armrest.
"All right," Rick said, putting his plate down.
"All right," I said, nodding, and did the same. I followed him into the living room with my glass, and let him go ahead to choose his seat. He sat right beside Laura as I expected, so I sat well away from them, on the other side of the sectional so we could all see each other. I didn't want to crowd them, but I also wanted to both watch them and let both of them see me, too.
Laura had drawn her feet up on the sofa. She had long, narrow feet, and I really wanted to see them without the tights on. I have both a foot fetish and a stocking fetish, but where feet are concerned, I'd rather see them bare so I could imagine sucking her toes.
She leaned over to get the remote and started the video, which was a compilation of scenes from different Evil Angel movies. I was happy to see that, as it promised to be good and filthy with no silly plot lines to sit through. The first scene kicked off with Dana Dearmond, one of my favorite porn stars, doing a little dance around the camera in stiletto heels and not much more.
Damn, I thought. Here we go.
I set my glass down on a coaster on the coffee table and sitting back, I started unbuttoning my shirt. Laura and Rick both watched me quietly. I draped my shirt over the back of the sofa and while I started unbuttoning the fly on my jeans, Laura started unbuttoning Rick's flannel shirt. I stood to pull off my jeans, socks, and then my briefs, and then I was naked there, and looking down, I thought I looked pretty good in the light from the fire and the tv. I was fairly thin and fit, and while I'm usually more of a grower than a shower in the cock department, I'd been at least half hard ever since I'd heard Laura's voice on my phone and I was now pretty much fully erect, with a little precum glistening at the tip of my cock.
I looked over to Laura and saw that she was staring at my cock, sucking on her lower lip absent-mindedly while she unbuttoned Rick's jeans for him. I sat back down as Rick stood to pull off the rest of his clothes. He was a good-looking guy. He was hairier than me, but not extremely so. Neither of us shaved anything on our bodies, which I was glad to see. Some couples get severely hung up about shaving body hair, and I just don't get it. Shaved is sexy, and hairy is sexy too, as far as I'm concerned. His body was better toned and defined than mine, and he had great abs. I'm bisexual, which they didn't know yet, and I'd have been happy to take Rick to bed, too. I'm more attracted to women than men though, and I was still hoping to see Laura's body at some point that evening.
Rick's cock was not hard at all, and maybe he was also more of a grower, but it looked very small. Not freakishly small, but I suspected mine was much larger. I'm not huge, but I'm a good seven and a half inches. The shaft is about medium thickness, with a strong upward curve, but then I've got a very large, well-defined head. I think that big head tends to make people think my cock is bigger than it really is.
When Rick sat down, my hand was already wrapped around my shaft and I was glancing back and forth between them and the screen. They were both staring openly at my dick. Laura was running a hand over Rick's chest, and lightly moving down his body to stroke his soft cock from time to time. It wasn't getting any harder, and I thought I detected a little tension in Rick.
I had no desire to make him feel bad at all, and what he was going through was extremely common for men in their first group play experience. He just needed a little time to get comfortable, and to be confident that neither I nor his wife were judging him. To give him a little more peace of mind, I looked away from them and started watching the video.
Dana was through with her little dance and had been joined by two guys, both with pretty big cocks of course, and she was taking turns sucking one then the other. I love watching Dana Dearmond fuck, and I was starting to understand how much it turned me on to be watched jerking off. I focused on the screen as I slowly stroked my cock up and down. I only looked back at Rick and Laura when I heard and saw some motion in the corner of my eye.
Rick's cock was still entirely soft and Laura was holding it and shifting position on the couch. She swung a leg over him and straddled his lap, facing him. Her dress now hid his cock from view and she leaned in close to kiss him and then whisper in his ear. As she whispered to him, she started unbuttoning the top of her dress, which fastened in the front, and grinding her ass on his lap. I was watching them exclusively now.
When her dress was open in front, I saw her pull her sheer black bra to the side to free one breast, and she fed her nipple to Rick's mouth and turned her head to look at me. We made eye contact and she moaned quietly as Rick sucked her nipple hard.
My cock got even harder then and I stopped stroking, concerned I might blow a load before Rick had even gotten hard. I spread my legs more, putting one up on the sofa beside me, so my cock and balls were on full display for her.
"That's it, baby," she said quietly. "Yeah, that's it. I want that beautiful dick, Ricky."
With that, she reached down between them and I could tell she was stroking his cock. He started moving his hips too, grinding against her.
"You got such a beautiful dick, baby," she told him, and he kept sucking on her nipple.
She watched me as I reached into the pocket of my jeans on the floor to pull out a little bottle of silicone-based lube. I'd decided I wanted to edge as long as I could, as I didn't want this to end anytime soon. I drizzled some lube out on my cock and started stroking it again slowly. The firelight reflecting off it looked pretty amazing, I thought.
Laura seemed to think so too, and she moaned and sucked on her lower lip again before releasing it and saying "yeah, that's it, baby, I wanna see it, I wanna suck your beautiful dick a little."
She slid down off his lap to kneel on the floor in front of him, revealing his cock, which was now mostly erect but definitely small. I guessed he might be just five inches or so, fully hard. Not a problem for me, as I'd have been happy to suck his dick or let him fuck me at any size.
Laura looked him in the eyes as she bent forward to take his whole dick in her mouth. She moaned and bobbed her head as he looked over to watch me stroke my cock. He seemed to get dramatically harder then, and Laura's mm-hmms got even more encouraging. I kept stroking, and he kept watching, and soon enough, he started grunting like he was about to cum.
Laura pulled back then, still slowly jacking his cock with her hand, and looking from him to me, and back to him.
"Not yet, honey," she told him. "I wanna watch you both while I cum, too."
He nodded and kept watching me stroke, but my eyes were locked on Laura. She turned to watch me as she slowly jacked Rick's cock.
"Did you like watching me suck his dick, Jim?" she asked.
"I sure did," I said. "I love watching you two. You're both fucking sexy."
"He brought lube, Ricky," she said. "That looks like a good idea. I'm gonna go get you some, honey."
She released his cock and stood up, facing me. Her dress was hanging open in front, with one breast still exposed. She crossed to me slowly and held out her right hand, still slick with her spit off Rick's cock. She held her hand palm up, just a couple of inches above my cock.
The urge to pull her hand down to my cock was there, but I suppressed it successfully. I never broke eye contact with her as I continued to stroke my cock with my right hand, pick up the bottle of lube with my left, flip open the top, and squeezed out a little pool of silicone lube into her palm for her.
"Thanks, honey," she said, turning and going back to kneel in front of Rick. She smeared lube all up and down his little cock. "Jerk it for me, baby. I want to watch both of you."
He nodded and started stroking his dick, which was staying mostly hard. Definitely less than six inches, and kind of thin.
Laura sat back on her heels and watched both of us. I'd totally lost track of what was going on on screen, and didn't care. She reached inside the top of her dress and felt around, releasing her sheer black bra and pulling it out, tossing it on the floor. Now both her beautiful little breasts were on display. Just about a handful each, very firm, with a little upward tilt at the nipples.
"You know Jim," she said, "I've been horny all day. I couldn't stop thinking about sex all day. I'm not wearing panties under my tights, and my pussy's been leaking into them all day."
She stood up, slowly drawing the skirts of her dress upward as she did, exposing her crotch, covered by the black tights. She rubbed one hand around her thighs and across her pussy.
"They're all wet," she said. "Can you see they're wet?"
I shook my head no.
"I'm lucky I was wearing black, with a black dress. I bet my pussy soaked through my dress, too. I wonder if anybody in the office smelled my pussy, Jim."
She started rubbing her pussy through the lycra tights.
"Damn," she said. "I think I need to get some fingers inside me. I gotta feel something inside me."
She walked over to me again, one hand still cupping her pussy, and the other held out again for lube. I squeezed out some more for her, and with her eyes on my cock, she pulled the waist of the tights out away from her flat stomach and reached inside them with her lubed hand. I watched the bulge of her hand settle on her pussy, and she seemed to be working fingers inside.
"Oh god," she said, "I like this stuff. That feels good. Don't it feel good, Ricky?"
"Yeah, it does," he said. We both had our eyes fixed on her.
She looked over her shoulder at the screen and I reflexively followed, to see what was going on. Dana was getting a cock in her ass and one in her mouth.
"This stuff's so slippery," Laura said, "I bet you could get your dick in my ass with it, Ricky."
"I know he could," I said. I was close to cumming, and I slowed down my stroking even more.
"You'd like that, wouldn't you, Ricky?" she asked, in a naughty tone. "You'd like to fuck your slutty wife's dirty little asshole? She seems to like it. I wonder if I'd like it."
She turned back to me. "Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass, Jim?"
"Yeah," I said. "A few of them."
"Really?" she said. "Jesus, I got three fingers in my pussy right now, Jim." I watched her hand working inside her tights. "I wonder how big a dick I could take in there? In my pussy, I mean. Or in my asshole, too. You think I could get three fingers in my asshole?"
I came, and it was a fucking eruption. Cum shot straight up a couple of feet in the air. It had caught me by surprise, and it surprised both of them too. I grunted loud after the fact, as aftershocks shook me, and a few seconds later, Rick came too, though less explosively.
Laura smiled, watching my cock continue to pump cum, then she turned and flopped down in the corner of the sectional, about midway between me and Rick. She pulled her tights down to her knees, with the skirts of her dress up over her waist, exposing her bare, waxed pussy. She put her feet up on the couch cushions, legs spread wide, and started fingerfucking herself with three fingers again, her eyes locked on the screen, where Dana was waiting for two facials. Rick pounced on her a few seconds later, pulling her tights off of one leg altogether, suddenly, almost violently, then pulling her fingers out of her pussy and replacing them with his face. He dove in ferociously, licking her pussy and sucking her clit, and she started cumming immediately.
She started cumming, and then kept on cumming, over and over again, for at least two or three minutes. Rick obviously had this technique down, varying his licking and sucking to let her recover just for a few seconds, then renewing his attack. She was moaning, then shouting, then almost crying "oh god oh god oh god!"
She finally pushed Rick's face away and rolled onto her side with her beautiful bare ass facing me. Rick got up on the couch behind her and started to slide his cock into her pussy. He was already hard again. But she pushed him away, breathlessly saying "not yet, honey, not yet."
She looked over her shoulder at me and then Ricky, and said "why don't we all clean up for a sec, and then meet upstairs in the bedroom?"
Rick looked at me and I nodded eagerly.
"I want Ricky to fuck me, Jim," she said. "But I just want you to watch. I want to see you jerk that big dick while I get fucked. Is that okay?"
"Yeah," I said, "I'd love that."
"There's a bathroom there," Rick said, pointing to the little hallway at the bottom of the stairs. I got up and went there, careful not to drip cum on their carpet. With the door closed behind me, I took a second to collect myself, taking a few deep breaths. Looking in the mirror, I saw I was covered with my own cum. My cock was soft, but dangling long and feeling heavy, like it would be ready to go again in minutes.
"Jesus," I said. I cleaned up most of it with toilet paper, then found a wash cloth under the sink that I used to finish cleaning up. Once I was done, I stood, looking at myself in the mirror.
As I've said a few times, I was not new in kink circles. I'd seen some shit. But I was realizing that whatever this was tonight, it was my fucking kink for sure. I took another minute to breathe and air dry, and then I opened the door and went back to the couch to collect my bottle of lube before heading upstairs. The stairs led out to a long hallway. Immediately by me was a dark room that looked like a guest room, but at the opposite end of the hall was a dimly lit room with the door open. I started walking down there and I heard a couple of sounds that might have been clinking metal before Rick stepped into view in the doorway.
"Hey Jim," he said, smiling.
I smiled wide myself. "Hey, Rick," I said. I looked down to see his cock was mostly hard, and mine started stiffening as well.
"Come on in," he said, stepping back into the room, so I followed him in.
My breath was taken away once again. Laura was kneeling on the bed with her ass toward me. She was down at the foot of it, wearing leather cuffs on her ankles that were secured to straps that went down to the bed frame, pulling her legs apart. Her ass and glistening wet pussy were up in the air, waving from side to side, and the bed was just the right height so that someone Rick's or my height could step up to the foot of it and slide their cock right into her.
"Oh my god," I said. I had a powerful urge to stroke Rick's cock for him to get him fully hard, then guide him into Laura's pussy, but I made myself just stand and look instead. My cock, needless to say, was immediately at full attention.
Laura craned around to look at me.
"You like that, Jim?" she asked. "It looks like you like it."
"I love it," I said. "Jesus, you two are the sexiest people I've ever known. How'd I get so lucky?"
"You write a good email," Rick said.
I laughed.
"Ricky's gonna eat my pussy again for a minute, Jim," Laura said. "And then he's gonna fuck me. I'd love it if you crawled up here on the bed in front of me and let me watch you jerk off. Is that okay?"
"That's more than okay," I said, and walked around the side of the big bed.
Laura's wrists were secured to each other with another set of leather cuffs, but they weren't tied to anything else, so she had freedom to be up in doggy position or to let herself down to rest on the bed. Right then she was on her elbows, with her ass up in the air waiting for Rick to go to work. There was a pile of pillows up at the head of the bed, and I crawled up onto the bed and sat with my back resting on it, facing Laura.
"Scoot over a little," Laura said, "and spread your legs so I'm looking right at that big dick, Jim."
"Sure," I said, and did. My legs were spread wide and her face was lined up directly ahead of my cock, maybe three feet away.
"That's it," she said. "Damn, you have a beautiful dick. I love yours too, honey," she said, turning to look back at Rick. "Don't you ever think I don't. You know I do. I love to suck it for you. I love when you fuck me with it. You've got the only dick for me, Ricky."
"Thank you, baby," Rick said, and kneeled at the foot of the bed to bring his mouth to her pussy.
"Ohhhhh," Laura moaned, and turned back to face me and my cock. I squeezed a little more lube onto it, and laid the bottle off to the side. I gave it a few strokes while she watched and her eyelids fluttered in pleasure from the licking she was receiving.
"Oh Jim," she said. "Sometimes Ricky ties me up like this... and I feel so vulnerable. My pussy's just up there for anyone to fuck. I'm all tied down and I can't move. And I think about just a big room of guys with big, hard dicks. And they're lining up to fuck me. Lining up to fill me with cum."
"You wouldn't have trouble finding rooms full of guys who wanted to do that, Laura," I said. "You're absolutely beautiful."
She smiled and moaned again. "Oh, thank you, baby. Do you like my body?"
"I love your body. You're gorgeous," I said.
"What would you like to do to it?" she asked, in a whisper, as she shuddered in pleasure.
"I'd like to slide this cock all the way up inside you," I said. "Bottom it out in your pussy. Fill you all the way up with my cock, and just hold it there for a minute."
"Oh god, yeah," she said. Her eyes would close for a few seconds at a time, but when they opened, they always returned to my cock. Her mouth was open and her face, neck and chest were getting redder and redder as she approached orgasm.
"I'd hold it inside you til I felt you getting wetter," I said. "Til I felt your wetness dripping down my shaft, down to my balls. I'd hold it there til you begged me to fuck you. Would you do that? Would you beg for it?"
"Fuck yeah," she breathed. "I'd beg you for that big dick. I'd beg you to pound me with it. Would you pound my little pussy with it, Jim?"
"I would," I said. "I'd hold you down and fuck you harder than you've ever been fucked. And I wouldn't stop when you started coming. I'd fuck you til you screamed, Laura. I'd fuck you til you begged me to stop."
"Fuck," she whispered. "Ricky, you lick my pussy so good. Baby, you're gonna make me cum. Do you like the way I taste?"
"I sure do," Rick said. "I could lick your pussy all day."
"Jim," Laura said, and I could tell she was on the verge of an orgasm by the way her voice shuddered, "what would you do to me while Ricky was licking my pussy? And don't be a gentleman. Use me. If I was your slut, Jim. If I was a slut for both of you. If I was a whore for your big dick..."
She looked me right in the eyes. Her eyelids were fluttering, but she fought to keep them open.
"I'd fuck your mouth," I said, squeezing my cock at the base so it swelled just a little bigger. "I'd kneel in front of you, hold your head in my hands, and fuck your slut mouth."
"Oh!" she cried, as she started to cum. Rick didn't let up, and she shuddered and spasmed, riding a wave of multiple orgasms.
"Fuck my mouth, baby," she finally managed to say, still moaning, still building to another orgasm in a series. She looked up at me again. "You'd fuck my mouth? You'd cum in my mouth?"
I couldn't tell if it was an invitation. If I slid forward and kneeled in front of her, would she take my cock in her throat right now? Was that what they wanted? I decided not to risk it, and stayed put.
"I'd hold you by your hair and shove my whole cock in your mouth," I said. "I'd fuck your mouth like I fucked your pussy, and I'd cum in your throat. I'd fill your throat and mouth with cum."
"Oh!" she cried again and collapsed down on her face on the bed, shaking and spasming in another series of intense orgasms. "Oh! Oh!" I could smell the whiskey on her breath as she got louder and louder. She struggled against the straps attached to her ankles. "Oh, baby! Stop, stop!" and with that she slid forward to lay entirely flat on the bed, to escape Rick's mouth on her pussy.
In doing so, her face ended up just inches from my cock and balls. Her cuffed hands clung to my right leg. She opened her eyes to look up at my cock. Again, an almost overwhelming urge to slide down just a few inches to have her suck my balls as I stroked, but I stayed where I was, determined to honor the rules Rick had set.
I heard metal clinking again and looked to the foot of the bed to see Rick unbuckling her ankle cuffs from the straps. Laura never stopped staring at my cock as Rick flipped her onto her back and pulled her back toward the foot of the bed. He was handling her like an animal, flipping her over and pulling her around like his prey. He lifted her legs and pushed them back, spread wide, and he slammed his cock into her and started fucking her like a madman.
I noticed that even when he slammed his cock into her, she didn't gasp or tense up. She moaned and encouraged him, but he was too small to stretch her at all.
Rick was holding her ankles, fucking her while he stood at the foot of the bed. Between grunts, he looked up at my cock, and then my face, and nodded toward me, then toward Laura.
"Cum on her," he told me. "Cum on her face."
I didn't need to be told twice. I got up on my knees and moved forward so I was nearly straddling her head. She looked up at my cock and balls as I stroked furiously. Rick's pounding started making wet slapping noises as her pussy overflowed with her juices, and watching his little cock piston in and out of her bare cunt drove me over the edge. I shot another geyser of cum, and it sprayed so far that most of it landed on her belly, then smaller droplets hit her breasts and finally the last of it dripped out across her chin, lips, and nose.
Rick came then, too, crying out and shoving as deep inside her as he could. Laura took no notice, instead staring directly past my cock, into my eyes as her tongue came out to lick the cum off her lips.
"Jesus," I said, and collapsed back onto the bed.
When his orgasm was over, Rick stepped back and released Laura's ankles. His little cock was soft and getting smaller by the second. She immediately started inching her way up the bed on her back, coming toward me.
She craned around to look up at me. "Scoot over a little so I can join you, honey," she said, and I did, moving to one side of the bed.
She glanced back at Rick and said "my vibrator, baby," and kept moving up until she was laying right beside me. Rick came around the side of the bed and reached beneath, coming up with a Hitachi magic wand, and handed it to her. He was breathing heavy and covered with sweat, and he didn't seem to mind that, for the moment, her attention was focused almost entirely on me.
"Thank you, baby," she said, and took the vibrator. Her hands still shackled together, she turned it on the lower setting and settled its head against her clit. She looked me right in the eyes, my cum dripping down her face, and moaned. She drew her feet up and spread her legs further, and when one foot bumped into my leg, she lifted it over and set it down between my legs, snug up against my inner thigh. Her feet were beautiful, with long, thin toes that I would have loved to suck while she rode a wave of orgasms.
My cock was instantly hard again.
Laura noticed, and shuddered a little, her beautiful little tits jiggling.
"Do I make your big dick hard, Jim?" she asked.
"Yeah, you do," I said, starting to stroke. Cum and lube mixed on my cock, and even the slightest motion felt incredible.
"You have such a beautiful dick, Jim," she said. "Ain't it pretty, Ricky?" she asked, without even looking at him.
"It is," he said, still standing at the side of the bed.
"Tell me more about that girl you fucked in the ass, Jim," she said, her eyes still fixed on mine.
I could have asked which one, or said there were several, but I didn't want them to worry about me being a walking bank of sexually transmitted infections, so I chose just one on the fly.
"She was a girlfriend I used to see from time to time. Her name was Cara."
"Just when she got lonely?" she asked.
"Summers," I said. "She was from Seattle, but she had a job teaching school in Illinois. In the Summer, she'd come back to stay with her family, and she'd come over to my place, or we'd go to parties."
"A long distance thing," she said.
"More of a casual thing," I said. "She loved to have sex and didn't have any hangups about it."
"What was she like?"
"She was a little older than me, but looked younger. Korean, but born and raised here. Curvy, just about five feet tall. She had long, beautiful black hair. Really smart. Didn't take any shit from anybody." I smiled thinking about Cara again, for the first time in a long time.
"Uh," Laura gasped, closed her eyes, arched her back and just slightly bucked her hips back and forth as she rode the vibrator through a mild orgasm. She opened her eyes again, looked down at my cock and said "and she liked you to fuck her ass?"
"Jesus, you're beautiful," I said, stroking myself slowly.
She smiled and said "thank you." Her face was still wet with my cum.
"She asked you to fuck her in the ass?" she asked. "Or you just held her down and did it?"
"She asked me," I said. "I would never do that without asking."
"She just needed that big dick in her ass? It didn't hurt her?"
Rick was starting to get hard again now, too. He stood there at the side of the bed stroking his little cock.
"We ran out of condoms one time," I said. "She couldn't take birth control because it caused some kind of hormonal problem for her. So we had to use condoms. We ran out and she told me to fuck her ass instead."
"How'd she ask for it?"
"She said she could suck my cock all night if I wanted, but she thought I should fuck her ass instead. She wanted to know what it was like anyway."
"How'd you do it?" she asked.
"I put her flat on her belly, on the bed," I said. "And I started by lubing up a finger and fucking her ass with that. Adding more lube as I went, to get her little asshole good and slick."
"You're so dirty, Jim. God damn," Laura said, and closed her eyes to ride another little orgasm. She was blushing bright red. When she recovered, Rick reached over and gathered up her hair in one hand, then pulled her to the side of the bed and slipped his cock in her mouth.
"Mmmm, mm-hmm," she moaned on his cock, and she came again immediately. She never really let up with the vibrator. The orgasms just came in little waves now.
Rick alternated between looking down at Laura's lips around his cock and over to where I still stroked my own. We looked each other in the eyes then and he held Laura's head in both hands as he came again. When he released her, she turned back toward me immediately, a line of spit and cum dribbling down her cheek.
"Ricky's dick tasted like my pussy, Jim," she said. "It tastes pretty good."
"I'd love to taste it," I said.
"I bet you would, honey," she said, and had another little orgasm. "Tell me more about your dick in that girl's ass, would you?"
Rick was clearly exhausted, and sat down on the side of the bed to recover. He put a hand on her thigh.
"While you tell me about it, Jim," she said. "Maybe you'll give Ricky a little bit of that good lube, and he can put a finger in my ass for me. Would you do that, honey?"
I nodded yes and looked to Rick, who held out his hand toward me. I drizzled some lube out for him, then added some more to my cock, too. Rick worked the lube around in his hand, coating a couple of fingers, then reached beneath Laura's legs to find her asshole.
"Yeah, that's it, baby," Laura said, bucking her hips in another little orgasm. The vibe kept buzzing away. "It's so fucking dirty. Fuck my little asshole for me, Ricky."
I could see his hand moving down there, his finger obviously sliding in and out of her tight ass.
"Did you fuck her ass real good, Jim?" she asked.
"I did," I said. "I got on top of her and pushed my cock head against her little asshole. It didn't want to go in for the longest time, but she kept telling me to push, to fuck her ass, she said she wanted me to cum in her ass, to stretch her wide."
"Oh damn," Laura said. "Faster, baby," she said, without even looking at Rick. He worked his hand faster. "So fuckin' dirty," she whispered, coming again.
"So I kept pushing and then my cock head popped inside her all at once, and she screamed, it hurt so much."
"Did you pull out?" she asked.
"I was going to, but she yelled at me to fuck her ass, to fuck her deep and don't pull out til I came. So I did. I fucked her slow at first, and then I started to feel like a fucking animal and I pounded her and pounded her, and she kept yelling 'do it!' so I kept going." I was stroking my cock faster now, and Laura's eyes were fixed on it.
"Cum on my face again, baby," she said. "Cum all on my face this time, Jim. Please cum for me, baby." She orgasmed again, and then again and again, and I untangled our legs and kneeled beside her face, my cock just a couple of inches away from her open mouth, her tongue coming out to lick her lips, just fractions of an inch from my slick, hard cock, and I came again. I came so fucking hard that I felt it deep inside. My jizz was thinner and wetter this time, and the jet of it coated her face, a little bit spraying into her open mouth, and that kicked off another chain of intense orgasms for her.
I collapsed back on the bed as she bucked and cried and eventually turned away from me, letting go of the vibrator and curling into a ball on her side. Ricky put his arms around her and they huddled there for a few minutes while we all recovered. Eventually, Laura brought her head up and looked around at me. She was smiling, glowing, but obviously very spent.
"Jim baby... Ricky and I are gonna go clean up for a minute," she said, and then turned back to Ricky. "Okay?" she asked him.
"Okay," he said, smiling and nodding.
"Yeah," I said, still sprawled on their bed, catching my breath.
They got up and went into the master bath, just off the bedroom, and closed the door. I could hear water running, and low voices. After a few minutes, the door opened a little and Rick stepped halfway through.
"Jim," he said, "we're probably going to call it a night."
"Okay," I said. "I'll go." I started to get up, collected my bottle of lube, and reflexively looked around for anything else I'd brought, then remembered my clothes were all downstairs.
"Thanks for everything," he said. "And you can clean up again downstairs if you want, before you go."
"Yeah, okay," I said. "And Jesus, thank you, Rick. This was the best time I've had in a long time. I hope everything's okay?"
"Oh yeah," he said. "No, everything is great. Thank you, Jim. I'll email you tomorrow."
"Okay, great," I said. He closed the door again and I went downstairs. My legs were weak, and I laughed at myself as I hobbled down the stairs, trying not to smear cum or lube on the rails or walls.
I took my clothes into the little bathroom with me. It took me a few minutes to clean up again, then I got dressed and went out. I was surprised to see Laura and Rick both waiting for me in the entryway by the door. Their hair was wet, and they were both in bath robes.
"Hi," I said, smiling sheepishly.
"Hi," they both said, smiling the same way.
"Ricky told me you were gonna leave without saying bye," Laura said as I approached them.
"No way," I said. "I mean, I thought you were going to clean up and go to bed."
"We can't let you leave without saying bye," she said, and moved in to hug me.
She was soft, sexy, and still very warm with the heat of the shower, and she pressed her robed body against mine tightly, her head on my shoulder. After just a few seconds of that, my cock started to get hard again, and it pressed against her abdomen through the thick flannel robe.
"God, honey," she said, not releasing me or moving her head from my shoulder. "His big dick is hard again."
"I'm hard, too," Rick said.
"Well Christ," Laura said, "my pussy is still so wet, Jim. I don't know how I'm ever gonna sleep tonight. We're all just a bunch of perverts."
"Damn," was all I could manage to say as she moved against me and my cock ever so slightly.
She left her lower body pressed against mine but arched her back a little to look at me face to face, her arms still around my neck.
"Did I make you hard again, honey?" she asked me quietly. I could still smell the bourbon on her breath.
"Yeah," I said, completely uncertain of what was going to happen next.
"Well why is that, Jim?" she asked, subtly grinding her body against my cock. "What were you thinking about that made you hard?"
"I was thinking about your amazing body," I said.
"Is that all?" she asked.
"I was thinking about your beautiful pussy. About fucking you. How good it would feel to slide inside you," I said.
"Oh," she said again, and kept bucking her hips against me slowly. She turned to look at Rick. His robe was tenting a little around his hard cock.
"Show me your dick, baby," she told him. He opened his robe and his little cock was there, hard and straight as an arrow.
She turned back to me.
"What if Ricky lifted up my robe in back and fucked me right here?" she asked. "Would you like that, Jim? Would you hold onto me while he fucked me?"
"What if you dropped the robe entirely?" I asked. "And I hold you up while he fucks your wet little pussy right here?"
She let go of me with one arm, shrugged the robe off that side of her body, replaced her arm around my neck, then did the same with the other side, so now she was completely naked. I put my arms around her back. Her body was soft, warm, her skin pink from her hot shower and her arousal. Our faces were just a couple inches apart.
"Fuck me, Ricky," she said, her breath hot on my lips.
He got behind her and slid into her, their height difference making it work easily. She held the back of my neck with her hands, grunted a couple of times while Rick fucked her, careful not to push her too far forward, and looked me in the eyes. I kept waiting for her to kiss me, but she didn't.
"Baby," she said to me, "If you want to jerk that big dick for me, then you should."
I shifted position to undo my jeans and push them and my briefs down a little to free my raging hard-on and immediately took it in hand. It was still a little slippery from the silicone lube that hadn't washed away entirely. She looked down, then reached down to grasp my right hand at the wrist and pull it up toward her face. She pulled the palm to her lips and licked it. Her tongue felt incredibly hot, soft and wet against my skin, and I moaned a little. She drooled out some saliva onto it then, and pushed it back down toward my cock. I stroked myself again, harder and faster than before with her spit making it slick. She left her forehead on my chest then, where she could look down at my cock.
"Cum for me, sugar," she said. "Cum for me."
But after a few orgasms already, I was not going to cum again quickly. Having her spit all over my cock was incredibly hot, but I knew it was going to take me a while.
Rick, however, took her encouragement to heart and came again, grunting and moaning as he collapsed against her back. He stepped back then, to lean against the wall and watch his naked wife cling to me as I jerked off for her.
She looked up into my eyes again then, her lips just a couple inches from my own.
"You still thinking about fucking me, Jim?" she asked. "You're thinking about my hot little pussy?"
I nodded slightly.
"Or my tight little asshole?" she asked. "You want to lay me down like Cara and fuck my little asshole like an animal?"
"Yeah, I would," I said, still stroking my rock hard cock, but nowhere close to coming.
She let go of my neck and stood back, looking down at my cock. I could see her whole body then, long and lithe and beautiful. She looked back up at my face and started to kneel there on the floor in front of me. I glanced at Rick, but he looked entirely happy, watching her and stroking his soft, wet little cock.
She got to her knees right in front of me and opened her mouth, placing it right beneath the head of my cock.
"Cum in my mouth, Jim," she said. "I want to taste your cum again."
I felt my heart almost skip a beat, and I kept stroking, but I still had a ways to go.
Suddenly, she flicked her tongue out against the head of my cock, just a rapid little lick. I moaned loudly. She did it again, and then a third time.
"Oh fuck," I said, and felt myself getting closer.
All at once her hands came up, pushing my own away, and she took my cock in her hot, wet mouth. I raised my hands up almost in a gesture of surrender, looking to Rick as if to say "I'm not doing it, man!" but he didn't care. He was caught up in the moment too, squeezing his balls with one hand and stroking his still-soft cock with the other.
Laura's head bobbed up and down on my cock just three or four times, and suddenly I went from a long way from an orgasm to deep in the middle of my hardest orgasm of the night. I moaned so loud it turned into a bellow. I put my hands against the wall behind me as Laura sucked and my cock pumped every bit of jizz left in my body into her eager mouth.
"Mmm! Mmmm!" she moaned around my cock as she milked every last bit.
Eventually, the sensation was too intense and I gently pushed her head away with one hand. My head was spinning and I could feel my heartbeat in my eyes, it was so intense. I slumped a little, my hands on my knees. Laura leaned back, her mouth open to show me my own cum, and then she swallowed it down. She got up, leaned in to kiss me deeply, shoving her cum-coated tongue into my mouth just for a second before turning and running up the stairs, calling out "good night!" over her shoulder.
"Rick," I said, "I'm sorry, man."
He laughed, gathering up Laura's robe from the floor.
"It's okay," he said. "That's the best sex we've ever had."
I pulled up my briefs and jeans and stumbled out through the door into a cold drizzle, my head spinning, knowing I'd be on fire for more as soon as I recovered.