It took the better part of an hour but everything was set up. The blanket, tripod and camera, a few kinky props and the camera remote...it was risky in a public park but I'd done my research. No one ever came here. I'd been by this exact spot dozens of times over the last few months and it was always desolate. It was back behind shrubs against a broken retaining wall in a park that most people didn't even know existed. Totally covered but a patch of natural light, lots of foliage...the perfect spot for some public play pictures. My fans were going to lose their minds. They loved seeing me be slutty in public and it got my motor going too.
My exhibitionist heart was thrumming with excitement as I got undressed...slowly peeling off the jean shorts and tank top Id worn in to put on nothing but a completely sheer sundress barely able to contain my ample tits. What a perfect slut you are, I said very pleased with myself as I smoothed out the tiny dress that barely covered my ass...I was so wrapped up in myself that I didn't even hear him approach.
Crack! A twig broke. I froze. Praying it was an animal but too terrified to turn around and confirm, I just waited and listened hard.
"Turn around" he said sternly. My stomach dropped. Not a woodland friend...I slowly turned around. But also not a cop, I sighed in the tiniest bit of relief. "Lay down" he said. The icy feeling in my stomach returned. Fuck..."Now." He said with a sharpness all too familiar...I flinched but obeyed, shaking, I laid down on my back, trying pathetically to cover my sex with the ridiculously sheer fabric hem of my dress, trying desperately not to cry.
"Spread your legs" he barked, a tear trickled down the side of my face but I complied. The world was silent for an agonizing amount of time before I realized his face was just inches away from my exposed cunt. I gasped and tried to shut my legs slightly before I felt something sharp and cold.
"Careful," he warned, his breath hot on my exposed pussy. The tip of his knife pressed just a tiny bit more into the delicate flesh of my inner thigh. I whimpered but spread back open for him. A deep inhale, he moaned and slowly gently licked my wet slit. I gasped again. "Sweeter than I imagined" he growled then he dove in, licking, sucking at my clit, his nimble fingers found their way inside me, curling up, beckoning my sex to open for him. Coaxing me out. Soon my perfect hidden spot is filled with the sloppy wet sounds of my rapist finger fucking me closer and closer to orgasm. I blushed deeply with shame and came in a hard wave, squirting all over his face.
He moaned deeply and pressed his face deeply into me until he was completely covered in my juices. He pulled his fingers out slowly and began quickly fumbling with his pants.
"No, no...you can't. Don't! I'm not on birth control, please!! You can't!" I squirmed and pleaded.
As I begged him not to, he paused for just a moment, he had lined his rigid member up, tip just outside my wet hungry hole.
"I have dreamed of filling your fertile cunt with my hot seed since the moment I first saw you" and without another word, he plunged his rock hard cock balls deep into my wet aching pussy in one firm thrust. I screamed but he clapped his hand down fast and muffled my cries. He held his cock deep inside me for a long moment, hand over my mouth, his eyes pierced mine and he held me still as he stretched me...I was his, forming to fit him perfectly. I relaxed just a tiny bit. He grinned as he felt me relent and began to fuck me, slow at first but hard, sliding his hand to my throat, he gripped my neck and pulled out almost all the way before slamming into me again. He fucked me harder and harder, filling my little grotto with hard wet packing sounds and grunts as he ravaged my wet swollen cunt...orgasm after orgasm ripped free from me against my will. I gasped and sputtered, squeezed and contracted around him. After an eternity, I felt him growl deeply and leaned in, removing his hand from my throat, he pumped faster. He was close...I knew what he needed...
"Rape my fertile cunt and put a baby in me" I whispered...he howled and bit down on my shoulder as he exploded inside me. I howled too as he bit down, marked me twice as his, as my spasming cunt contracted and milked him dry. As we lay there, spent and covered in sweat and cum, only then did I notice, he had turned on the camera...