In anticipation of your night out with Yulia and Nastya I looked up and researched what would keep you hot and wet all night whilst you danced and jigged to the beat during the night at the music bars. I came across an advert for Pearl thong panties, they were basically lacy on top but the string of the thong that travels down over your clit, through the folds of your pussy, and up over your little asshole was a string of pearls, why you may think? But as you wear this pearl thong and you move your ass back and forward, the pearls bump over your clit, tickle your asshole and slide through your folds, all at the same time, giving you un expected thrills as you dance, and sit and walk. I knew this was the perfect gift and would set your night with the girls on fire, I quickly called around and dropped off the panties before you start to get ready. Kissing you before I leave, I slip a fat warm digit in to you and finger fuck you briefly to warm you up for the nights joys to come.
You all decided that you would each choose a favourite bar but not tell the others why it was your favourite, but show them when you arrived.
Lina's Bar
You walk in to the 'show bar', you go across to the huge serving area, a stunning young muscled man with no top on, dressed only in tight speedo trunks quickly attends you and you order three shots. Nastya and Yulia look at you with a knowing smile and say I see why this is your favourite. You wink back and wag a finger, 'That's not it' you say, with a knowing smile. More shots are purchased and you can see Yulia flirting across the bar and ogling the bar serving boys cocks as she thrusts her pert breasts forward, trying to entice the muscled eye candy. The music blasts loudly and more drinks flow. Eventually you grab the girls' hands and take them around the bar to the Dance floor. Bodies of all shapes and sizes are gyrating on the floor and flesh is evident everywhere, one girl slut drops at every opportunity and has I microskirt and tiny thong. Everyone can see her pussy lips peeking either side of the tiny slip of material, you feel the pearls again as your pussy twitches looking at the erotic sights, you have never seen the bar goers look so hot and sexy. You eye across from the bar to the DJ booth and see the tough glass elevated stages at either side of his booth with the central pole on each one, you chuckle to your self as your pussy creams some more as you think of the fun to come.
The Dj quietens the music to a low drone as he begins your anticipated announcement,
'Ok' he says 'our first booked pole exhibitionists are Lina and Long John, Lina and Long John to the stage door for your booked 30-minute slot'.
Nastya and Yulia look confused and a little curious, but Yulia slaps your ass as you bound off to the stage door, you feel the sting and lunge your ass to detract from the hand, but this just rubs the relentless pearls across your tight asshole, sending shivers up your spine, and wetness down your thigh. You take the right stage and long john the left, he rips off his Velcro trousers to reveal a man thong below, barely containing a thick snake of a cock that bulges lewdly at the crowd.
A swift flick of the clasp holding your tiny skirt and it falls to the floor of the elevated glass stage. A drip of creamy fluid falls and crashes on the glass, you look down at the cream and see through it to the lustful eyes below. Mikhail hails from Kazan and stands directly below in the ideal spot.
He can see the pearls appear and disappear as your wet folds encompass the moving beads of joy. Ooh how he wants to tongue flick the dripping shiny balls as he feels his cock twitch and his balls tighten.
The fast-paced music starts as you spin your sexy arse around the pole, each movement digging the pearls in to your slit, playing with your clit and rippling over your little asshole. The music plays loud in your ears and the bass vibrates through you and makes the pearls vibrate slightly against your clit.
You perform amazing gravity defying moves on the pole, twisting this way and that, the pearl thong does nothing to hide the wetness of your pussy. Lustful eyes of men and women can see every fold of your freshly shaved pussy. Your legs splayed wide in the air; arse cheeks well parted with the little brown eye winking from behind the pearls.
You stare across at Long John on the opposite side stage, He has lost his thong now and you can see his large thick veiny cock, he is also shaved clean to give him definition, it makes you want to jump across and uncontrollably touch, rub, lick and suck him whilst you beg for your tonsils to be tickled and the back of your throat slammed whilst he pulls your hair then releases a huge shot of the warm fluid to quench your horny thirst.
The DJ sounds a siren to indicate your time is up on the stage, you step in to you skirt on the floor and pull it up your sexy thighs. The super horny crowd see this and know your time on stage is done so start chanting, 'Crowd Surf', 'Crowd Surf', 'crowd Surf', The DJ has seen you do this before, so as you look across at him he gives you a knowing nod in approval, so rather than leave by the stage door, you turn around, back to the crowd, a sea of hands rise in to the air, you slowly fall backwards on to the waiting hands in the packed crowd they slowly start to propel you backwards away from the stage, as you intended, heading slowly towards Nastya and Yulia at the back of the room near the bar. Also, as you intended, although hands are propelling you backwards, they are molesting every inch of your body, hands grab your breasts, fingers tweak your nipples, arse cheeks are pulled apart pussy is probed, fingers are in your crack, asshole being probed. You are swept on a wave of ecstasy as the harsh disco lights strobe on your hot sexy body, you can taste the dry ice spewing from the machines at the side of the stage, feel the fingers and hands everywhere, feel the pearls seesawing in the folds of your pussy as fingers probe, smell the sweat of the rampant men beneath you, finally you get to the edge of the crown and get deposited to your feet exactly in front of Nastya and Yulia. They both stare at you open mouthed but Yulia's hand is behind her and sliding up Nastya's stunning thigh, she is standing slightly behind and to the side, you also slide a hand up Nastya's other thigh whilst you go to the bar to order shots.
After quickly downing a round of shots you decide to move on to Nastya's favourite bar.
Nastya's Bar
The bar had the bucking bronco, the horned mechanical cow that throws all the riders off, several men stepped up, each lasted only seconds as the violent machine twisted and bucked the macho fools helplessly to the cushioned barriers at the side.
Then Nastya steps forward and begs the operator for a turn on the beast, you and Yulia look at each other puzzled as she turns and winks, I know what I am doing girls she whispers as she removes her stilettoes, I have been here before.
You look on curious as she hikes her short skirt and mounts the beast, all the men in the room crowd the barriers as her pink thong clad pussy is clearly on display in the saddle. The rotation of the horned mechanical beast begins as it slowly rises and falls, this is different though, he keys in no wild bucking motions as it rotates, it spins a little faster, but nothing Nastya can't handle.
An evil glint spreads across the operator's eyes as he opens up the 'special' panel, this has a 3-position switch marked warm, hot and hotter and a rotary dial with the word 'vibration' wrote at the top. A few months ago, the sleazy bar owner had the saddle adapted, a strong vibration motor was fitted under the bumpy peak of leather and a heating coil to radiate hotness in to mounted pussy, he only ever activated it when women mounted the cow, especially the ones who pulled the skirts up and placed there scantily clad pussies on the smooth leather ridges of the saddle, He rotates the vibration dial to pulse.
The beast spins and a sudden pulse strikes Nastya's pussy, right on the clit, she throws her head back in delight thrusting in to the saddle to meet the vibration,
He flicks on the heat to warm, Nastya shudders as her pussy heats, it feels like warm cum just covered her eager pussy, he rotates the dial to earthquake on the vibrations. Shuddering shocks spasm through her pussy as the lips slightly part to enfold the vibrating leather ridge. Its now clearly visible to the crowd of leering men that a wet spot has formed on the tiny pink thong, the cow spinning is still really low so that the men can leer at the stunning Nastya as she rides the fucking bronco. He raises the heat to hot and moves the vibration to high. One hand leaves the saddle hold as she briefly flings it in the air as if in a rodeo, then it falls to her swelling breasts, more heat in her pussy feels like she is getting filled with cum now and the vibration is driving her to the edge of sanity as she squeezes an erect nipple, 'I must hold on' she thinks as her thighs grip the smooth, now wet leather, the smell of her juices rise and fill her nostrils as she flares them and emits a deep guttural moan, the onlooking men shuffle awkwardly as they try and hide there bulging erections, The geek visiting from Ozerk failed miserably in hiding his and in fact shot his huge load in his slacks, evident by the huge slimy stain seeping down his leg.
The operator flicks the vibration to the highest setting and the heat to hotter, spasms wrack through Nastya as the intense heat floods her causing her to squirt juice, the thong now translucent with her pussy lips clearly visible, then the highest vibrations hit like a tsunami and her body uncontrollably spasms as her orgasm hits, any remaining hold she had on the saddle releases, she ejects high off the saddle and collapses in a heap against a barrier as her powerful cum rips through her, fireworks dance before her eyes as she lays with her breasts bared as the force of the cum dishevels her. Her heart thumps loud in her ears as she tremors from the ultimate cum experience.
A loud clap of hands ripples around the room as men whistle for moor and visibly rub erections through straining jeans.
Nastya wobbles to her feet and slowly exits the ring, walking across to you and Yulia, you both look stunned and Yulia's finger is lightly dancing across her sheer short dress, just at crotch level. You straighten up from your intense staring at the bronco, and as you do you feel the pearls ripple across your clit, a little cream spreading further down your thigh.
You leave Nastya's bar,
You all should have gone to the toilet before you left the bronco bar but the drinks have hit you outside in the fresh air and the need to pee hits you all.
The security officer is sitting in his booth watching the perimeter of the government building, all night he has sat watching, as usual nothing is happening, 6 hours in to his 12-hour shift and he can barely keep awake. Then he sees them just in the back street behind the bar, 3 girls, He zooms and pans until the girls fill the screen in glorious high-definition colour, short skirts and high heels. The blonde has an amazing looking ass, the brunette tremendous breasts, and the coloured haired girl is out of this world just oozing sexuality. He sees them chatting and looking around as he feels his cock harden. Knowing that nobody is in the deserted complex he pulls his cock out and starts wanking over the visual feast on his monitors, another camera catches a different angle, he zooms in with this too, and yet another camera can also rotate and zoom in on them. 3 large monitors are filled with the unsuspecting girls. He flicks the record button and sees the red square flash on each to say the video is being captured. He pounds his cock up and down as he watches the girls laugh and giggle, jumping and dancing with the occasional glimpse of a panty clad pussy.
Like a cartoon character his eyes bulge out on stalks as he sees the blond drop to the ground and pull her panties down, the coloured hair closely follows, pulling her short dress up revealing all to the prying cameras. The last to drop is the girl with brunette hair, no panties are evident but little pearlescent beads are captured in the camera's lens. Three stunning girls are all squatted with legs wide apart, he pulls hard on his cock as the first streams of yellow pee glint in to the camera's lens. The wet pussy lips can be seen parting in high definition on his huge security monitors. The streams of hot pee splash on the parched ground and a light mist rises from the golden river that forms.
The coloured hair girl is reaching across to the blond as she pee's and squeezing the pert little breasts. He can take no more at this sight and feels his cum boil in his balls and begin to rise up his shaft. The blonde, excited from her gropes leans across and kisses the big titted brunette.
He can take no more and shoots thick ropes of boiling hot cum across the three monitors moaning deeply as he revels in the scene before his eyes captured from multiple angles.
You all stand and arrange your underwear giggling like naughty schoolgirls you begin to walk away. As you begin to walk you look around at the large patch of steamy piss, for some unknown reason you look up at the pole just to the side of where you all relieved yourself. You see the faint glow of infrared night lights, you quiz in your mind 'I wonder if that is CCTV', thinking no more you giggle and carry-on walking with your horny friends.
'Let's go to Yulia's bar', you enthuse excitedly.
Yulia's bar
We walk in to the reception where a maid meets us and takes us down a long corridor, booths are at each side as we walk down but we can't see what is happening in the booths as each has a thick blackout curtain pulled across it. Finally, we get shown in to a booth which is a long thin room with 3 chairs located in it and a table at the far end, what would you ladies like to drink the maid says and quickly scurries away to fetch the shooters and beer that Yulia orders. A television above the table crackles in to life and presents Yulia with a menu of film titles, she quickly scrolls down and selects a film before you see the title. The credits start to roll as the maid enters with the shot glasses, you all quickly drink a shot and begin to sip on the beer. The maid leaves through the curtain and the film starts. It is a hardcore pornography film, you watch as the story progresses about supposedly innocent schoolgirls, all in short skirts. You chat with Nastya and Yulia about which has the best body and laugh and joke as the strong alcohol shots take effect.
Where Yulia is sat, just to the side of her head is a round white plastic cover as round as a tennis ball almost flush with the wall. As she continues to chat the cover fly's off of the wall with a popping sound, almost like a cork from a bottle, curious you and Nastya think?
As if to fuel your curiosity even further 2 more covers pop off the wall that are adjacent to yours and Nastya's head. You both look around in wonderment, however this soon turns to amazement as each hole in the wall is soon filled with a cock that is gradually being pushed through from the side that you can't see, 'Fuck' you exclaim, 'They are glory holes'.
On the opposite wall the cock next to Yulia is protruding from the wall 8 inches, a circumcised white man with a good thick girth. The cock next to you is a black man's cock uncut and slightly longer but not as wide. The cock next to Nastya looks amazing, perhaps he is mixed race, but ohh so long, uncut and fat as well. Yulia wastes no time and begins to lick the exposed glans teasing her tongue in to the piss slit and licking the sensitive underside.
Nastya soon follows suit pulling back the foreskin and licking the frenulum (Banjo string) and working up to the pee hole. You shrug and think why not? They are doing it so you follow suit. You take the black cock in your mouth. His cock is long, you pull back the skin. He tastes musky but clean. You lick the underside and feel his banjo string pull his cock head down as a little precum forms on the piss slit at the end. You dip your tongue to taste the clear liquid. A little salty but the taste makes your pussy drip.
From the corner of your eye you can see the hardcore film on the television and see a huge black cock thrusting deep in to the tiny schoolgirls arse. This excites you further as you put the full cock end in to your mouth and wank the shaft in to your eager mouth. You can feel him thrust as he begins to spasm. You release the shaft from your hand but plunge your mouth deep, so deep your face is soon flat against the wall. His cock passed your tonsils but your urge to gag was soon gone as his cock went deep in to your throat.
Now he is thrusting deep in to your throat filling you so you can't breathe. As you gasp and your rib cage spasms at the throat invading phallus, your pussy muscles tug at your clit as juices flood the tiled floor.
You see bright flashing lights like shooting stars as his hot salty jizz ejects deep in to your belly, you pull back as the drowning sensation hits you and ropes of his cum still connect your mouth and his cock, the last spurt twitches out and hits you in the eye. Fuck that stings you laugh. Yulia and Nastya are in similar states with rapidly shrinking cocks still leaking from the glory holes. A buzzer sounds in the room and Yulia says 'Come on, we need to move to the next booth'.
You both look in wonderment at each other at what delights this new booth will hold. You follow Yulia to the new booth.
The maid gets you all more drinks as you stand in the room, more shots, more beer, your legs are a little wobbly now and all that you see is becoming a little fuzzy at the edges, but you don't mind, your pussy is still leaking like a dripping tap with all the nights excitement and the spirit has made you feel warm inside and adventurous.
The made rings a tiny bell and says, 'Ladies please sit in the bucket wall seats.'
A strange looking chair appears from a panel in the wall. It looks a bit like a bucket seat from a sports car, but only the front section, where your thighs sit is padded. You all sit in the seats and the maid comes and straps your body around just under the breasts to the back rest. You and Nastya look confused at Yulia. The back-rest suddenly automatically hinges forward with a little force, bending you and sticking your bottom further in to the bucket of the chair trapping you like a clam shell. You feel how this has lewdly thrust your bottom backwards in to the seat as you feel the pearls rub and send a shiver up your spine.
The chairs all slide back in to the wall through in to the adjacent booth so only your feet and upper body are sticking through in to your booth. This is ok you think, my bottom is covered by the plastic bucket of the seat, even though it is sticking through the other side of the booth wall.
Yulia looks at the shock on yours and Nastya's face as you feel the plastic of the rear seat of the chair automatically unclipping and falling away at the other side of the wall. From your booth you can just see Yulia and Nastya's torso and feet sticking from the wall, from the adjacent booth 3 people walk in to be greeted by the sight of 3 amazing arses thrust backwards from the wall and poking in to their booth, the whole pussy of two can clearly be seen through tiny panties, and the third arse has pussy lips that are bulging and dripping around a thin string of pearls.
The first person in the other booth steps forward, a young man smelling of whisky, he goes to the furthest away arse, this is Yulia's. This is a big ass, not at all fat or wobbly, but still quite a size. The young man presses a button at the side of the ass and Yulia's seat rises further up the wall
You and Nastya giggle as Yulia's seat rises slightly in the wall as if a ghost is lifting her.
The man lines up the ass to about his waist height and has a good feel about the ass, rubbing the pussy through the panties before pulling them to one side and roughly fingering the soaked pussy. The material of the panties dark stained with the copious amounts of juice. He extracts his wet fingers and rubs his forefinger across the little asshole that has been there winking at him as he fingered the hot pussy. Slowly he inserts the finger and feels the tight sphincter gripping, and then releasing as it pops inside. He begins a see saw motion in and out of the tight orifice.
The next person steps up to the wall, a slim looking woman, the wife of the man who smells of whisky she steps up to the next ass sticking through the wall, (Nastya's), She presses the button and raises Nastya a little higher than Yulia, she begins to have a really good time feeling every little fold of the amazing slim bottom, she is concentrating on playing with the out side of the pussy, and in particular she is rubbing, and pulling and flicking the sensitive clit as hot juice coats her probing fingers. She looks across to her husband just in time to see the shiny smooth skin of his long cock enter the tight ring of the wonderful ass at the side of her.
The last person to come forward to the wall is dressed in a stunning little black minidress, slim, black long hair with a stunning pair of breasts, stood in front of where your ass protrudes from the wall. Strangely though, despite the looks of a stunning woman she is actually a shemale, evident by the cock rising and making a lewd bulge in the black dress.
She steps forward, presses the button and raises your ass high to head height. She lunges forward and sticks his tongue deep in to your dripping pussy, flicking the pearls rapidly so they vibrate your clit. Her face is soon soaked as juice leaks down his chin, He also has a tongue piercing which he uses to great effect to rub your clit. As he moves his face away he inserts two fingers and angles them to hook up and in to reach the upper inner wall of your pussy, he soon finds that super sweet spot that has you screaming and Cumming uncontrollably as you squirt on her beautiful face when you cum.
His tongue moves up from your pussy and he begins to rim your cute little ass hole. Twisting his tongue in to a tight tube he fucks the slippery probing muscle in to you, then pulls back and blows so you feel the cool air tickling your most sensitive hole.
You feel the seat jerk as your ass lowers, now at his waist height, ropes of pussy juice drip from you on to the tiled floor.
From this angle your pussy feels so tight as he pulls the pearls to one side and enters you deep in your wet pussy, your cum boiling around his thick shaft, you can barely catch your breath the cums are happening so quick, your heart beat is thumping in your ears as you feel your pussy contract around the invading fat prick. Colours swirl before your eyes, you don't know if it's the alcohol or the intensity of your cums.
Then he blasts your insides, as he spasms thick shots hit you deep inside, each one giving you further squeezes of your tight pussy walls that milk her cock of the last drops of the milky liquid. The cock flops from your pussy shortly followed by a river of his cum spewing from your stretched hole and joining your juice on the booth floor.
That damn bell rings again and the three people in the adjacent booth back away as your chairs all equalise, backs re-attach and move forward back in to your booth and you can straighten up and stretch after you all have cum so much.
The maid returns and unfastens you three from the magic seats, as you step out in the passage way you see a slightly drunk man and women kissing with a stunning young lady in a black minidress stood at the side of them. As she draws heavily on the cigarettes she is smoking a thick cock is evident bulging the front of the minidress, seemingly throbbing more on each inhalation of the cigarette.
You walk up and take the cigarette from her hand, with the first inhalation as you draw deeply your free hand squeezes the rigid cock beneath the minidress, you look up and exhale the thick intoxicating smoke. You stare deep in to her eyes and ask 'Are we continuing this at your place or mine?'