In previous chapters: My father suffered a devastating car accident and remained paralyzed from the neck down. He felt sorry for the unique situation it left my 43-year-old mother and asked her to start dating other men, but she refused. Then he convinced me to seduce her, giving me clues on how to do it. I succeeded. Later, he suggested the 2 of us go on a trip to enjoy and know each other better. We flew to Hawaii's Big Island and stayed in a luxury resort on the west side of the island. We toured multiple attractions and bonded mentally and physically. Our sexual adventures progressed successfully, with my Dad being curious and even wanting to watch...
..................................................................................
The trip to Hawaii was much more than I anticipated. Just months earlier, if anybody had asked me if I wanted to go for a week long trip with my Mom, I would try to be polite, but the answer would have been NO! I'd hate to burden the readers with all the wonderful island attractions and, more importantly, the intimate relationship with my Mom... If you are interested, read the prior chapters.
The flight back was a red-eye. We were fortunate to have good seats without noisy passengers or crying toddlers around. Both of us slept without interruptions until it was time to sit up, put on the seatbelts, and prepare for landing.
We arrived home around 10 am. We checked on Dad, who was happy to see us back. Then Mom and I went to another bathroom and showered. The hot water on my skin felt wonderful. I stayed there until I heard Mom yelling, "Adam, stop using so much hot water. Mine turned cold!" I chuckled - If Mom was complaining this way in Hawaii, I'd be already in the shower with her, trying to warm her with my body...
I turned the water off, dried myself, and exited having on jeans pants, and a tee shirt. I shaved and went to the living room. My mother was still in her bathroom.
I heard Dad calling me. When I entered, he asked me to close the door behind me. I did.
"Adam, is it true that Mom and you felt very comfortable with each other on the trip?"
"Yes, Dad. We both enjoyed the trip immensely."
"Are you happy with Mom as your lover?"
I felt uncomfortable discussing it with him... "Yes."
"Did you hear what I said to Mom on the phone?"
"I think so..."
"Look, to you, and most other people, my request may sound weird, even perverted, but remember who you talk to. I am still officially her husband. As a paralyzed person, everything below my neck is dead. However, my brain, eyes, and mouth are not. I wished the best for Mom, and I see I was right beyond my wildest dreams. But if I cannot participate in pleasing my wife, at least I'd like to watch her being pleased."
He stared at my face, waiting for my reaction.
"Dad, I was never paralyzed so I am not sure what I'd feel if I were. But think about your wish from Mom's and my point of view. Mom would do anything for you. How would you react to a request like that if you were in my shoes?"
He giggled. I gazed at him, "What's so funny?"
"Son, one day Mom will tell you about the times we had fun together. I'll let Mom give you the details when she'll feel comfortable doing it. However, as for me, I always had a deviant mind. I loved to participate in intimate activities with watchers nearby, and occasionally with other participants too. To cut the story short, if I knew I could have sex with a woman while her husband was watching us, I'd be even more aroused..."
I laughed, "Dad, you really are a pervert!"
"Yes, Adam. I am. Again, if I had an option to satisfy my needs any other way, I might have chosen something else, but I am stuck. Just think about it. Now, open the door before Mom suspects something..."
Mom exited the bathroom exactly when I left Dad's room. She wore a nice robe tied at the waist. I smiled at her. She gave me an air kiss and went to the kitchen to prepare meals for later.
I moved behind her and kissed her neck. She shivered slightly. "Honey, didn't you have enough of me after a week together?"
"I doubt I'll ever have enough. I think I love you too much."
She grinned, "Adam, I also love you, but if you don't stop interrupting me working on our next meals, you and your father won't have something to munch on later."
"You can say it about Dad. I will always be happy to munch on your perfect tits."
She smiled, "If I had milk, I'd agree with you. But since I don't, your fantastic idea just tells me the sexual part of your brain needs a tune-up, just like your Dad's..."
I glanced at her, "It reminds me that, while you were showering, Dad talked to me about wanting to see us having sex."
Mom chortled, "You were young and naïve when Dad was a healthy young guy. His naughty brain led us to risky adventures. I always made sure YOU were never exposed to his wild side. Deep down I knew one day he'd like to watch us. He persuaded me to see live sex shows in Berlin and Amsterdam. After watching these shows, we were hornier than ever... No wonder he wants to see us - Unlike his penis, his eyes and brains are still intact!"
"Mom, are you telling me you would agree to do it?"
"I repeat what I told him - I'll do ANYTHING I can for him. Will I have butterflies in my tummy when 'performing' before him? Very likely... My question - Will you do it?"
"I'd do a lot for Dad. Will I be able to have an erection knowing that Dad is watching? I am not sure..."
Mom watched my face for a long moment, and then mumbled, "Let's think about a way to accomplish it."
"I can see only one way; we won't be able to have sex on his bed, and making him sit on a chair is a bad idea. I can mount a camera on our bedroom wall and connect it to his TV screen. When we're ready, I'll turn up his TV on the right channel."
Mom smirked, "Or we can zoom with him when aiming our screen at our bed..."
...
The following weekend I connected Dad's specialized computer to his large screen TV. Mom was in the bedroom and we attempted to find the best place to hook up the camera for an optimal view. Eventually, we decided the best place would be on a shelf, aiming it somewhat down. To test it, I asked Dad to look at the screen. I joined Mom in front of the bed and French kissed her for 30 seconds. I returned to Dad, and he laughed, "I could see everything clearly. It's funny; hearing from Mom about your fun in Hawaii was one thing. Seeing you kissing each other passionately is a completely different story..."
"Dad, are you convinced you want to watch us going at it?..."
"I definitely do! Before the accident, only Mom knew about my kinky sexual life, and I might add that she grew to like it too. Now, that I can't do much, there is no reason to hide it anymore. Let me have the pleasure of observing you guys. I might even give you some tips for next time..."
I chuckled, "Dad, as I said before - You really ARE a pervert, but I love you, and we'll do it for you."
"Adam, I feel like James Bond."
"Why?"
"Remember the movie For Your Eyes Only?... It's a special show for my eyes only!"
"Hopefully, you won't get upset afterward and try to chase me for having sex with your wife."
He stared at me sternly, "Son, jokes aside. Mom may still be officially my wife, but you are the man of the house, and, while unofficially, her de facto husband."
"Dad, promise me one thing. If one day you regret your decision to connect me with Mom, you'll tell me and not Mom. These days I love her much more than before, but I'll find an excuse to terminate the relationship so she doesn't blame you."
"Adam, you are nice but it won't happen. Anyway, what excuse are you going to use?"
"I don't know yet. How about I found out I was attracted to guys? I met a handsome guy and had sex twice. He told me he wanted exclusivity so I'd have to stop everything I did with her..."
"It won't work - She will start laughing."
"I know. But seriously, IF you change your mind, let ME know it first."
"OK. So when can I watch the live show?"
"Let me ask Mom."
...
On Friday, I and my classmates found out our college professor was sick. By 1 pm we were free to leave. I drove home, happy to get a few extra hours to myself.
When I approached the house, I remembered Mom was not working Fridays. This was one of her days off to clean and cook for the weekend. She usually did it during the morning and late afternoon, with a siesta between 1 and 3 o'clock.
I opened the door quietly and planned to go to my room. Dad's door was ajar and I heard Mom saying in a whiny voice, "Frank, I don't know if I can go through this. You exaggerate; after all, he is our son!"
"Ruby, stop that! The other day I had a talk with him. I made sure he understood I was and still am the pervert among us, but you know you were as bad as I was, and perhaps even worse."
"But it was years ago. And back then we were young and careless. We used Marijuana and a lot of alcohol..."
"True. But there are nights I still dream about us, especially you, misbehaving. Remember my good friend Paul?... And I recall the bet we had if you'd be able to seduce Harry and Lance. God, you were such a slut and loved it..."
"Franky, I am 43 and my body is not the same. I cannot repeat all the acrobatics I did as a young chick."
"Honey, our son thinks your body and experience are perfect."
I hid closer to the door and kept listening.
"You don't get it. Adam was nice and shy. He thought HE seduced me, while we both know I encouraged him to do it. I faked being reluctant to remove my bra on the clothing-optional beach..."
"Ruby, I think it's time to return to your roots. You are an exhibitionist, and under the right circumstances, a glorious slut. We live only once. I want to watch you two having sex, and later start enjoying your hidden desires. I suspect he'd love to expose you in public, take your pictures in risky places and, yes, fuck you outside the bedroom."
"Frank, what are you doing to me? You made me horny just by talking. I am so aroused, I may rape Adam when he comes through the door. How am I going to explain it to him?"
"Honey, I told you a long time ago - You are built for sex. Your dirty mind and terrific body are intended for you to enjoy to the fullest, so do everything you fantasize about, and stop being timid. Adam is a man now, and if he didn't realize it yet, he won the big prize - YOU. Tomorrow, I want you guys to enjoy in bed, and my hope is it's going to be only the appetizer. Ruby, go to sleep now, otherwise you won't have time to make your tasty meals..."
I tiptoed to my room and closed the door. My head was spinning. Mom was much less of a prude than I thought. I got some hints about her prior life in Hawaii, but this was more than I suspected...
For Saturday, I'd let her drink some Tequila. She'll probably pretend to be tipsy and agree to everything I'd want. WTF! I'll make both of them proud of me. My experience was limited but I'll make her beg me to let her cum...
...
On Saturday morning we ate breakfast together. We all remembered the evening plan and the chat around the table sounded fake. Each one pretended to be interested in other things, avoiding the elephant in the room. It was too much for me, and I announced, "I go to Dave. We'll watch the sports channel and eat outside. I'll be back at 4 in the afternoon."
Shortly after, I left. I hated leaving Mom and Dad on the weekend, but I was becoming nervous near them, especially after their confidential discussion the other day. Watching English soccer and then tennis matches would be a nice distraction until it was time to return home.
Dave was one of the few remaining friends I had known since childhood. On that day, he sensed my brain was less focused on the game and tried to find out what the issue was. I said, "It's a personal thing. One day I'll tell you the whole story, but don't worry, nothing dangerous."
At lunch, we went to Wendy's and got a hamburger. Except for mealtime, we hardly talked. We'd never spent a quiet time before - It was always bragging, fighting, and betting one against the other at the beginning of each game. I always liked Dave. He was funny and smart. He realized I was not in the mood to talk and kept to himself. I left his house at quarter to four.
Mom was in the bathroom and Dad read an article on his computer. I asked him when he wanted the show to start. He smiled, "Adam, it's up to you and Mom. Just make sure the camera is on and the TV screen is set on the right channel."
I waited for Mom in the living room. She took her time, likely enjoying hot water in the tub. After 1/2 an hour, I poured tequila into a small glass and knocked on her door, "Mom, can I enter?" I heard water splashing and she asked, 'What time is it?"
"It's slightly after 4:30."
"I fell asleep here. You can come in."
She was mildly quivering. I guessed the tub water was too cold by now.
"Do you want me to add hot water or you'd rather come out?"
"I'm getting out. Be a dear and hand me the towel."
I gave her the tequila, wrapped the towel around her, and massaged her back softly.
"Honey, how did you guess this is what I needed now?"
I grinned, "Cause I love you."
"Show me!"
I lifted her chin and kissed her tenderly. She let her towel fall on the floor, and her body clutched to mine. Her breasts poked my lower chest, causing my penis to twitch. Her pelvis began gyrating over it and a mischievous smile appeared, "Adam, I missed you. You left the house for hours... Do you think we'll have fun later?"
"Lady, I hope so. We both love Dad, so let's give him a good show."
She placed her palm on my covered prick and massaged it lightly, "Oh, honey, it's hardening already. Shall we go to the bedroom?"
"Not yet. I want to make it perfect for Dad. I'll get out, and you'll put on red hot lipstick, a touch of mascara, shiny high heels shoes, and the tiny pink baby doll I saw in your drawer yesterday. When you are ready, go to Dad's room and ask him innocently if he knows where I am. He is entitled to see his sexy wife dressed to seduce his son. And then you'll sashay to our bedroom, where the real party will start."
She stared at me, surprised, "And I thought you'd be too embarrassed to go through our plan..."
"Mom, you were wrong. I am getting out and I'll be waiting for you near OUR bed."
As she prepared herself, I turned on Dad's TV, checked the connections, and verified the audio was on. I winked at Dad and left his room without a word.
In our bedroom, I removed the blanket and left on the bed only 2 pillows. A small bottle of KY jelly was on the dresser nearby. I left our door ajar - I was curious to hear Dad's reaction to Mom's sexy appearance.
I stood by the door, having on long pants and nothing else. didn't have to wait long. The clicking sounds of her high heels were music to my ears. I saw her rear and she looked sexier than ever. I didn't see her front yet. I heard Dad gasp, "Ruby. what the f...k?! I haven't seen you like that in ages. You are so lucky I have no feeling below my neck. Otherwise, I'd rape you!"
She laughed, "Sorry, Frank. As per your instructions, your son gets to do what you asked. I just saw him. I was astonished to find out he seemed very confident."
She strolled out of his room swaying her hips. She approached me by the bed, and now Dad could see us on his screen.
I ogled her gorgeous curves for a long moment, and she mumbled seductively, "Sir, is there anything in particular you are interested in?"
I glanced at her pretty eyes, "First, I need to know; do you want me to treat you like a mother, a lover, or a slut?"
Her eyes widened. She muttered, "You decide."
"Good answer. Come closer, unzip my pants, and free your new Master!"
She breathed faster and I noticed a small smile. She moved slowly in my direction with her voluptuous tits jiggling freely inside her sheer lingerie. She stood before me, gazed at my face for a couple of seconds, and then slowly knelt down.
By now my cock was partially erect. She unzipped me, cautious not to catch my foreskin in the process. My cock jolted forward and up. She looked at my face, waiting for further instructions. I didn't talk. My eyes moved from her pretty face to my member.
She grinned, placed her hand around my shaft, and aimed it toward her mouth. Next, her red lips opened wide and engulfed 1/3 of my cock. As her tongue massaged my frenulum, my stiffy began its journey into her hot mouth.
When 3/4 of my cock was already inside, I grabbed the back of her head, kept her still, and began slowly fucking her face. I said loud, ensuring Dad could hear me, "Woman, your mouth is the best. I'd love to cum between these sexy lips but I have other plans for you."
I removed my prick from her hungry mouth and pulled her up. I French kissed her hard, leaving her breathless when I was done.
"Mom, I'll lay on my back, and you straddle me. Then you sit on my member and start riding. Both Dad and I would love to watch your fantastic breasts dancing in front of our eyes."
She whispered, "Do you want me to take off the robe and my shoes?"
"No! You look sexier with everything on. I'll tell you when I want you naked."
A minute later, my cock had penetrated her tight pussy. Her exhibitionism, and perhaps me ordering her around, made her very horny. My rod almost drowned in her drenched vagina.
I stared at her reddish face, "You enjoy this, aren't you? You love being a slut, don't you? Start riding!"
Her face turned redder, and she began moving up and down on my engorged cock. My eyes concentrated on her hopping heavy tits. The sight was incredible. I had no doubts Dad felt the same way. I massaged both orbs lovingly and then tweaked the nipples. She closed her eyes, lifted her head up, and arched her back, pushing her mammaries into my palms.
Mom's respirations increased and I felt her heart rate accelerate. Mom was well on her way to paradise. I was aroused but not TOO much. I wanted to make Mom cum first.
I blurted, "Bitch, I know you want to climax. Ask me nicely and I'll help you."
She whispered, "Please, Adam..."
"Not like this. I want Dad to hear you begging for what you really want!"
She hesitated for a moment. I held her waist, preventing her from riding me. She screamed, "Adam, please, fuck me harder... I want to cum. Now!"
"Good girl. You see, when you ask nicely, I'll be good to you."
Subsequently, my hands began moving her body up-and-down, back and forth, and at the same time, my pelvis countered powerfully her own movements.
Less than 2 minutes later, her breathing stopped and she shuddered. It was her time. I placed a thumb on her clitoris and rubbed it roughly, while my other hand pinched her sensitive nipple.
Her torso continued jerking on my cock, and she began crying. I increased my upward pounding of her cunt, and a short time later, her cries turned into screams, "Oh, fuck! You are so deeep! I caaan't take iit anymore..." She was shivering like a leaf in a strong wind. I had to leave my favorite toy and hold her down. After 10 minutes, I slowed down, and let her collapse on my chest.
While remaining inside her vagina with her legs wide apart, I carefully rolled her on her back and started ramming into her unprotected snatch. I announced, "Dear girl, you had your fun. Now it's my turn. Be ready to take it."
Next, I shifted gears and started plowing her in earnest. Mom's orgasm was on the way down when I began, and now her shaking grew again. Her lips were most of the time open to grab as much air as possible, but now and then, incoherent sentences escaped her mouth, "Adaam, honeeey, you are kiiiling meee. You are sooo big and haaard. Doon't stop..."
I had no clue how long I held before erupting deep in her pussy, but my spunk came out in massive streams. When I was done, I was drained. Being exhausted was an underestimation! I moved by Mom's side and closed my eyes.
I woke up feeling soft lips milking my shriveled pecker. I lifted my head and watched her. Mom gazed at me, winked naughtily, and continued. I gently moved her face away and sat up. I kissed her and said, "Mom, you were awesome. I LOVE YOU! I think it's time to go to Dad's room and find out if he is still alive or suffered a major heart attack watching us play."
I was surprised to notice Mom was still having on her baby doll and her shoes. My open pants were on me as well. I wanted to zip the pants but Mom stopped me, "Dad already saw your organ, so there is no reason to hide it now. He deserves to see us as we were before. What do you think he'll say?"
"Mom, unlike you, I've never confronted him after a similar situation. What do YOU think?"
She smiled, "I think I know what he'll say. I'll write it on a piece of paper and let you hear it from him. Just wait a minute, I have to go to the bathroom. When I am back, we'll go together."
Ten minutes later, she came out, still wearing the same stuff. The only change - Her face had all the features of afterglow...
As we entered Dad's room, he chuckled, "Adam, you were great! And Ruby, your slutty side was at its best! What can I say; He reminds me of myself when I was younger."
Mom showed me the piece of paper she scribbled on. It said, 'Like father, like son.'