This story goes in Romance? Even though there's lots going on here: exhibitionism, spanking, threesomes, divorce, and more... I still feel this one belongs in Romance. Hope you'll agree.
***
I had enough. Thirteen years of marriage down the tubes, just because that asshole can't keep it in his pants. Bangs every fucking woman that bats an eyelash. I was livid it ever got this far. "I should have divorced you ten years ago, the first time this happened. You remember, right? Back when you SWORE to me it would never happen again!" Brian wasn't saying a word, just hanging his head in shame while he stood naked in front of me. The cum-drenched woman -- the one who I caught him with -- raced out of the room before facing my wrath. Not that she was the problem. I wasn't mad at her. Just the asshole she was fucking. "I want you out of this house tonight!" I demanded, stomping the floor.
"Aw, come on, Janice. You know that's unfair."
"Unfair?! What the fuck is wrong with you, Brian? Unfair? You're literally banging a goddamn stranger in our -"
"She's not a stranger!"
Silence hung in the air after he said those words. Finally, I responded, "That doesn't make it better, Brian. That makes it worse. Go move in with her, then."
"I can't do that, Janice. Look, I messed up. I'll do anything. We can go to therapy. I'll read those books you wanted me to read last time -"
I held my hands up. "Shut. Up." I allowed that unsettling silence to hang again. I didn't want to listen to his voice, much less encourage conversation. "You know what, Brian. You stay. I'll go."
"Wh... what?"
"I'm taking a vacation, Brian. I'm going to think about things, specifically my future. When I come back, you need to have decided whether you want this house, or if you are willing to let it go. I don't fucking care, but one thing is for certain, we won't be together anymore."
"Stop talking crazy, Janice."
"I mean it, Brian. Wrap your head around the fact that you and I are finished."
"What makes you say that? I can be better!"
"Brian, a rock could be better. Everything we've built, you just shit on. Zero respect for me!"
"Janice, I swear I'll make it up. I'll give you a pass!"
"A pass? What the fuck are you talking about?"
"A pass. Go out. Cheat on me. I deserve it!"
"I don't need a fucking PASS to get laid. I could get laid any time I want. For fuck's sake, Brian, look at all the shit I go through to look good for you! Brazilian waxes, workouts five times a week, swimming two nights a week. That's fucking effort! And I do it because I enjoy looking good for my man. Until now, anyway. It's clear you don't appreciate it. But I could have found someone anytime I wanted, Brian! I never needed a pass! I actually respected you! That's why I didn't do it. Why, for fuck's sake, why did you?!"
"Janice, please." Brian was on his knees, tears streaming. "I'm such an idiot. I didn't mean to hurt you! I'm sorry, I swear, I'm so, so sorry..." He was pulling every bullshit apology from the Cheater's Handbook of Bullshit Apologies.
"You know what? Let me show you how much it hurts. You want to give me a pass. Fine. I'll take it."
"You... you will?"
"Don't think for a minute this means we're getting back together, Brian, but I will allow you to experience this feeling."
"What do you mean?"
"I'll keep you posted. Don't expect me back for a while. At least a couple weeks!"
I didn't bother packing. Instead, I just picked up the keys to the Bentley and marched out the door. A shopping spree sounded good. It would give me time to clear my head and think about what I want to do with myself. I know I don't want to be with a man who deceives me, and Brian has defined himself as that kind of man. I don't care how thick one's skin is. Being cheated on hurts. I wanted to lash out, to hurt him, but I tried to push those negative thoughts back and instead focus on me.
It has been a long time since I truly felt loved. Not just emotionally, which I thought Brian and I had, but also, physically. The thing is, when I walked in on Brian and his mistress (whoever she is), I got jealous. They were both soaked in sweat, obviously having spent considerable time and energy in the act before I stumbled onto them. She was just finishing sucking him off when I caught them. Not just sucking him, but really going at it, and he was thrusting hard, helping her work it. If it were anyone other than my husband, I would have found it very hot. I could tell they were satisfied, and it has been so long since I felt that kind of raw, sexual emotion.
Going without meaningful, engaging sex does something to you. Or rather, it doesn't do something for you. It leaves you with this emptiness, not just in your heart, but also like in the pit of your stomach. In your soul, you know you are missing something, almost as valuable as air. Life isn't right without it.
Brian and I were both sophomores in college when we met, equally driven and spunky. It seemed like a no-brainer we were meant for each other. By our junior year, we decided we were done with school and by sheer luck (and a bit of networking), I was asked to design the logos and merchandise for a sporting goods company. That company happened to go viral several months later and I piggybacked for the ride. Not that I didn't do my part. Brian and I both did, working our asses off for them. A couple years later, Brian secured another anchor client that brought in seven figures a year in business. Our little advertising agency now has over a hundred active clients and a staff of nine, not including Brian and myself. Not bad for college dropouts.
I remembered back to the night when Brian and I met, a mixer at the fraternity where he had pledged. Like many frat parties, things got out of hand. This guy named Todd Hampton kept hitting on me. I wasn't interested, but the more I drank, the more I let my guard down. Somehow, we ended up in the upstairs hall, and Todd began groping me under my shirt, trying to pull my tits out of my bra. I fought back (in that half-assed, timid-college-girl-who-won't-assert-herself kind of way) when Brian stepped up, making quick work of my assailant, decking him to the floor. He knocked that asshole out cold. It was the first time a man ever stood up for me like that.
Two dates later, we were parking in his truck at Pott's Peak. We laid in the truck bed watching the stars when he started kissing me. He brought his hand down, slipping it under my skirt and soon his fingers were inside me. Our lips locked harder, tongues engaging, and he gently began sliding in and out of my pussy with his two middle fingers, briefly retracting to circle my clitoris with his forefinger, then diving back in again. I still recall how my toes shook as Brian touched me for the first time. It's been so long since he touched me like that.
It was even better when he pulled me off the truck later that night. He stripped me of everything and bent me over. The sex was animalistic, a sprinkling of passion, but mostly just bare, banal, unbridled sexual fulfilment. Brian was so hard inside me, it felt like hot steel. I reminded myself that those moments were back when things were good. Hell, they were great. But they were years ago, almost forgotten memories. I wiped a tear from my eye and got out of my car, heading into Julia's, my favorite boutique in town.
***
"Hey, Julia. Got time for a drop-in?" I asked.
Julia practically hopped out of her shoes when she saw me. "For you? Anything! I have an appointment at four, but that gives us plenty of time."
"It might not, honey. I plan on spending buckets today." Fuck it, I thought. I deserved to treat myself. It didn't take too long to get in the spending grove. By 3:30, I'd picked out two evening dresses, a handful of casual (but sexy) tops, one bikini, and one very naughty lingerie set, which included a shelf bra that fully exposed my nipples. I've never owned anything so risqué, and I intended to find out what it was like.
I liked the style so much, I decided to try on another bra with low cups, this one a light pink number. In the mirror, I could see that my areolas were slightly visible. I thought it looked erotic, especially with the cute skirt I was currently trying on, but the straps were uncomfortable. I stepped out of the dressing room and asked, "Julia, do you have more bras like this? I'm liking the style, but not the cut. It doesn't fit quite right."
Julia twisted me around and began adjusting the straps and clasps. "You must tell me, dear. Are you and the hubby going on vacation? Perhaps I can help if I know exactly wha-"
"Hah!" I laughed. "This is purely a solo mission, Julia." Julia can almost be thought of as a therapist, or at minimum, a bartender. Anything said, she keeps to herself, and it's probably one reason why she's done so well for herself. Many of her customers not only trust Julia with their measurements and fittings, but also with their secrets. Shopping really can be therapeutic for some people.
Julia leaned in, whispering, "Janice, is everything okay at home?"
I loved how she cut through the bullshit. "I'm going to take some time away from home, Julia. Maybe go to-"
Just then, the front door burst open and a stocky, bearded man in a denim jacket and jeans rushed in. It was hard to tell his age with the facial hair, but I wouldn't have guessed over forty. There was a blood on his left wrist and some on his jacket and jeans, which were scuffed up from the ankle to the hip. "Hey, I hate to... well, I just had an accident. Guy in a Mercedes ran me off the road."
"Are you okay? I can call emergency services." Julia stepped away from me and cautiously approached the imposing man. I could tell his presence made her uncomfortable. Julia isn't accustomed to men coming into her boutique, much less ones that look like they recently escaped a small riot.
"No, no, I'll be okay, and my bike survived. I just need to clean up. Wish I'd gotten the license plate number of that vehicle." The man carefully removed his jacket, revealing a cut frame in a tight black t-shirt.
Julia looked to me as if to ask for help, before turning her attention back to the stranger. A switch went off in my head. I never would have behaved this way if the events that happened earlier today hadn't take place. "Sir, let me show you to the bathroom. It's usually for customers, but I'm sure Julia can make an exception. I can handle this," I said, waving the shopkeeper off. "I know you have another customer coming soon. Set me up with two more blouses, a pair of jeans and a couple skirts. You know what I like."
"Uh... well, okay, Miss Harper, if you trust me to-"
"You know I do, Julia. Just ring everything up on my account." Julia nodded, relieved she didn't have to deal with the biker, and complacent that she'd get a considerable sum of money for the trouble. "You come with me." I grabbed the biker's good hand and led him to the rear bathroom. "What's your name?"
"Les Pavell. Thank you for helping."
"Wait a minute. Isn't there a Les Pavell that..."
I didn't finish my question. He interrupted, "Yeah, yeah, that's me. The guy in the ads."
I'd seen this man in everything, though he looked much different in the ads than he did now. Billboards, newspapers, park benches. I'd seen his print ads everywhere. I even heard him on the radio. Not to mention, lots of television interviews. One could never forget his slogan: "Get the MOST out of your attorney and don't forget: MORE means LES!" With the thick beard, it was almost impossible to recognize him. "You're like the top defense lawyer in the city, aren't you? Or so you claim?"
"And it's a valid claim, thank you," he laughed. "I work hard for my clients."
"Your attire gives one the impression that the work you do is... blue collar. Not the way I typically picture an attorney." I turned on the water at the sink and pulled some paper towels off a roll, which were mounted near the counter.
"You might say I party blue collar, but my work is white collar. You know, miss, I was raised by bikers. I didn't have a typical Ivy League upbringing."
"Is that right?"
"My father was a mechanic and my mother, a waitress. Not just a waitress, but mixed race, living in the South." Perhaps that explained his olive-toned skin. "Because of them, I witnessed a lot of good people get into a lot of unnecessary trouble. Picked on by both troublemakers and law enforcement. They didn't have decent attorneys. You could say I was inspired."
"Why do I get the sense you've told this sob story to everyone?" I held Les' wrist and started to scrub away the blood when I noticed what I was wearing. When Les came crashing through Julia's doors, I must have become completely distracted. I'd forgotten I was still in the process of trying on clothes. I looked to the bathroom mirror for confirmation, still in the cute skirt and the low-cut brassiere. One of my nipples had completely escaped and the other was almost halfway out. Quickly, I pulled away and dropped the wet towel, and frantically tried to sort out my top, trying to get my nipples stuffed back in place properly.
"Aw, that's too bad. I was enjoying the view," Les smirked.
I burst out laughing. For whatever reason, Les made the awkwardness immediately disappear. I stopped groping myself and said, "Yeah, you biker types like your women naked, don't you? You're probably used to this."
Les chuckled, "Well, between you and me, most of them don't look half as nice as you."
I picked the towel back up and bowed. Inevitably, a nipple escaped again. This time, I didn't care. "Thank you very much for the compliment, Mr. Pavell." I grabbed his wrist again and held the towel with my free hand, ignoring the wardrobe malfunction. In fact, I kind of embraced it. "You don't think I'm cut out to be a biker chick?" I bat my lashes playfully.
"Hmm, you got the right spunk, maybe."
I pumped some soap and lathered his arm, cleaning up the area. "I don't think this is as bad as it looks. Let me see your leg." I pulled a couple dry towels and dabbed off his wet skin, before dropping to my knees. His jeans were scuffed badly. "Feel sore? Any cuts?"
"Bruised up, probably, but I don't think I scraped too much flesh. I should thank the guy that taught me how to crash and fall."
"They teach that?"
"Indeed, they do."
"Well, let me take a look. I can't see anything, unless you drop the-"
"What'd you say your name was?"
"I didn't. It's Janice."
Les tried to stop me. "Janice, you've done enough. Thank you so much."
"I go by the motto 'be safe, not sorry'. Let's clean up all the cuts and not risk infection."
"I'm sure it's fine."
"What? You don't want me to see you in your tighty whiteys? It's not th-"
"I'm not wearing any."
There was a brief pause while I processed what he meant. "Oh, you aren't wearing underwear!" I shrugged my shoulders, smirking, "Makes it more fun playing doctor."
Les laughed again and without missing a beat said, "If you say so!", and dropped his pants. I am not typically a size queen, but right now -- in my somewhat fragile state of mind -- I suppose I was. I wanted what Les offered. I wanted it now. And I think I wanted Brian, my ex-asshole, to know I had it. My eyes shot to the biker-slash-attorney, looking past his hefty package. "Les, are you making a pass at me?"
"I'm not sure which of us is, to be honest."
I grabbed his balls with my left hand. They were heavy and felt so big. Warm. I loved that feeling in my fingers, as I gently squeezed. His cock twitched in response. I dropped the paper towels and reached for his shaft. I felt myself getting damp as I took it in my grip. "Can I suck you?" I whispered.
Les said nothing, but touched my chin, gently opening my mouth with his fingers. Then, he inserted his cock, stopping at the base of the head. I wrapped my lips tightly around it, swirling my tongue under the tip, tasting the precum. Had I turned him on so much already? I slowly took him in further and reached down to my panties, sliding my fingers under the thin material to touch myself. He groaned deeply as I went to work. A few minutes into it, I pulled off, holding his cock in my right hand, but propping it against my face while I spoke. "You mind doing me one, very kinky favor?"
"Lady, I might look like the wild type to you, but this is probably the kinkiest thing I've ever done, period. What more do you want?"
I stretched to reach my purse on the counter and handed Les my phone, after turning on the camera. "Just two or three quick pictures."
Les chuckled and shrugged, "If you say so. Make sure you send me one."
"Okay," I agreed, as I went back to work sucking him off. Les snapped two shots, when I stopped and quickly asked. "Wait. Should I finish you off here, or should I let you fuck me?" By the look on his face, Les was shocked by the question and struggled to form an answer. Was there a wrong answer? He didn't have time to respond, because a shrill of a scream erupted in the air.
"Oh, my God! What is going on here!?" Julia rushed forward, but then stopped suddenly, before getting too close.
"What's the matter, Julia?" I quipped. "Haven't you ever seen this before?"
"NOT in my store, no!"
Before she protested more, I jumped up and grabbed her by both wrists. She halfheartedly resisted at first but gave in rather easily. I pulled her down, dropping us both in front of Les, our faces inches from his stiff rod. He protested this time, "Ma'am, no. If your friend isn't -- "
"Shut it!" I barked, grabbing his hard dick. With my other hand, I reached behind Julia's head and brought it closer to mine. "Just watch," I whispered. "He's already very close. We wouldn't want to ruin it." I took his cock back in my mouth, allowing Julia to witness my actions from less than a foot away. I could practically feel her breath on my cheeks. Julia still appeared nervous, almost panicked, yet captivated. Her eyes darted around the room, constantly coming back to the sexual impropriety occurring in front of her. I pulled back off. I have no idea what came over me, but I brought my face to Julia's and as if it were practiced, our lips touched, a sensuality so different than any man's. I pushed in deeper, this time using tongue. She reciprocated. Meanwhile, my left hand was adeptly stroking Les, keeping him primed. Finally, our lips parted, and I looked back to Les. "Get ready," I said.
"I'm not going to last much longer," he said, his voice quivering. "This is so fucking hot."
I smiled and said, "If you can't last, maybe you'll have to make up for it later." Julia gasped as I opened wide and took Les in, all the way to the base, deepthroating him. It may have looked impressive, but it was a skill I learned with Brian long ago. Once you get past the gag reflex, you can get anything down there, size be damned. Sword swallowing would be an example of taking it to absurd levels.
Julia leaned in even closer. "How do you do that?" she asked as I went back and forth on Les' shaft. I could feel his pulse in my throat and by experience, I could tell he was on the verge of exploding. I'm not sure what I was thinking -- again, I'll blame it on the existential crisis I was experiencing -- but I pulled off at the last second and began pumping him hard and fast with my left hand. Brian was inches away. I brought Julia in closer still and practically licked her ear, whispering, "Taste him with me." She moaned, agreeable to it.
The first speck of sperm hit my left cheek and I shot my eyes to Les', encouraging him, "More! We want all of it!" A second - and much more powerful - rope of cum hit both me and Julia in our faces. I was in the process of tilting his cock, aiming his throbbing member directly at her. To my great surprise, Julia opened her mouth wide and closed her eyes tightly. I took that as a message and yanked Les's cock closer to her lips. He continued to erupt, his seed hitting the roof of Julia's mouth, then her lips and chin. I shoved him in closer again. "Save a little for me," I cried, while I kept pumping his shaft. I could feel another flood of semen rapidly running through it. I pulled him out of Julia's mouth, taking over, pushing the shopkeeper away. It was dribbles coming out now, but it aroused me intensely and was absolutely delicious. I wasn't sure, but I think I might have climaxed in the exchange, even though I wasn't being physically touched. I was throbbing down there, as if coming off an orgasm, for sure.
When the panting, moaning, and groaning finally subsided, there was a brief respite of stunned silence. I was going to say something when the ding of the bell rang from the door. "My appointment!" Julia shouted. She jumped to her feet and was about to rush to the front when I stopped her.
"Hey, uh... you might want to..." I pointed to the mirror and back to her face, which had specks and puddles of cum dripping off it.
"Oh, shit. Right! Thank you." She turned her head to the door, yelling, "Be right with you!"
Les and I allowed Julia to quickly clean up, waiting our turns. It was rather funny, his half-hard cock, slowly drooping down, and me, dripping wet in my panties and with my tits hanging halfway out of my new bra. It certainly wasn't the way I pictured the day going when I woke up this morning. Once Julia left, Les cleaned up, wrangling himself back in his jeans. He inquired, "I'm guessing this isn't something you typically do." He nodded to my wedding ring.
"Oh, right!" I shouted, holding my hand high before pulling the ring off with my opposite hand. "I should have taken this off already. In fact, I should have done it years ago!"
"So... you are married?"
"Sort of. Caught him cheating this morning."
Les' eyes rolled to the back of his head, "Ah-hah! That explains everything. Say no more." He began chuckling, shaking his head. "Not sure how I feel being the subject of revenge sex, but... I guess I'll take it."
"Yeah, you took it all right," I scoffed. "But hey, I have an idea." Again, here with more terrible ideas. "Where are you going?"
"A bike rally the next state over. I go every year. Takes me six weeks to grow this out for the event." Les stroked on his facial fur.
"That's impressive for just six weeks," I laughed. "You got a date?"
"Uh, no. It's mostly just to check out the bikes, see old friends, get loaded."
"And all the pretty girls, I'm sure."
"Hmm, some are, sure... but most of them are just enthusiastic."
"I can be enthusiastic."
"And pretty," Les snickered, wagging his finger. But then he stopped, providing his utmost attention. "Janice. You're serious? You really want to go?"
"I do. I was going somewhere, anyway."
"Somewhere? Where?"
"I don't know. That's the thing. I'm winging it. I left the house the moment I caught my husband cheating. Told him I'd be gone for at least two weeks. Then you showed up. Maybe I'm just following destiny."
"More like a mental breakdown. Midlife crisis?"
"So what? Am I not allowed to have one after all I've been through?"
"Those might be the unwisest words I've ever heard. Let's do it."
As I was heading out the door with Les and five bags of merchandise, Julia stopped me one last time, whispering, "I gave you twenty percent off everything. And thank you, I needed that."
"I think I needed it, too," I laughed.
"Can I see you again?" she asked, almost pleading.
I paused. "You mean, like... like?"
"I don't know. Maybe. I've never experienced a kiss like that."
"'Maybe' sounds great," I said, reassuring her. "I'll call you when I get back."
***
Julia allowed me to leave my car at the back of her shop, and Les managed to get all the new clothes from the boutique into one of the compartments of his bike. He insisted that we stop to buy a helmet, which I hated because it messed up my hair. I hadn't been on a bike in years, and certainly not one this powerful. Once we were on the open road, I realized what all the hoopla was about. I was already wet, just being in Les' presence. With the loud and boisterous motor underneath us, I got even more stimulated. About two hours into the drive, Les pulled into an interstate rest area. "Let's stretch our legs. It's a couple more hours before we get there. Why don't you tell me everything?"
"Everything about?" We got off the bike and put our helmets away. I followed Les as he started strolling a walking path that circled the area.
"Janice, it's obvious this isn't your typical behavior. We established that. I want to know, before we go any further... are you really okay?"
I giggled. "Yeah, I think so. Better than ever, actually."
"Tell me your story."
"Same story as most failed marriages, I suppose. My spouse fucked around on me. Here's the thing. He did it years ago and we reconciled. He swore it would never happen again. I feel like it's all the more years I wasted with that man. Anyway, it led me to here and you know what, Les. I need it. I need to let loose. I need to just live for a few minutes, and not think about all that bullshit right now."
"Hmm, but won't you just be contributing to more bullshit? You're still married."
"And absolutely divorcing. We're done."
Les smiled, seemingly incredulous. "Alright, Janice. I support your decisions, but I warn you, you might regret future actions."
"It would be nice to regret something more than my failed marriage. Les, don't worry. I appreciate you thinking about me -- looking out for me - but I want this. I really do."
"What exactly do you want?"
I stopped. "Well, I'm not certain, but I think I want more of what we did earlier. That freedom. That spontaneity."
Les laughed loudly now. "Does that mean you're going to have sex with more strangers?"
"Maybe. Why? Does that make you jealous?"
"Not necessarily. But I would ask one thing from you."
I lightly tapped him on the chest, smirking. "What's that?"
"Let's go step into those woods and have a bit of fun, just the two of us. I fear once we get to the rally, you're going to be the center of attention."
I clapped excitedly. "Oh my god, I haven't done it outdoors in years!"
"Let's correct that."
I excitedly followed Les through some brush. This abandonment of all morals and virtue was like a drug, and I didn't want to think about consequences or responsibilities. I just wanted to fuck and experience the same freedom Brian did, when he was doing it behind my back. In the process, I was going to shove Brian's "pass" right up his ass.
It took a couple minutes, but we soon found a clearing and Les turned, gently pulling my blouse over my head. I was still in that ill-fitting bra, but it looked nice. Didn't matter, since Les wanted it off. I let him take it, along with everything else. "What about you?" I asked, standing naked before him.
"I want to gaze upon you for a moment, Janice. You're very beautiful." Chills raced up my spine and he leaned in to kiss me. I gave in. "Let me taste you," he whispered, dropping me to my knees, before gently laying me in the grass. I wasn't sure how risky it was, perhaps with bugs or snakes, but a second or two later, I didn't care about risks.
Attorneys get paid a lot of money to run their mouths. Les had additional reasons why his mouth deserved to earn so much. He responding to my movements and sounds, without need of additional verbal assistance. Soft, when he needed to be, and some sort of extra-sensory perception to know when it was time to suck or increase the intensity. I came almost effortlessly.
Finally, Les picked himself up, perched on his knees and took off his jacket and t-shirt. I gasped from the surprise. I knew he was fit, as I could tell by holding on to him during the ride, but Les Pavell was GQ-model fit. While he took off his pants, I said, "There's like a million women in this state alone that would go for a man like you. How the fuck are you not taken?"
Les smiled, pumped his cock a couple times to get it raging hard and looked to me. "Similar story to yours, I guess. I left my wife three years ago."
My eyes went wide. "Really? Well, let's fuck and not think about it!"
"Exactly."
The inner walls of my vagina were aching. Les was rough, finishing the session by flipping me over and going in deep, doggy style. While it may have been the most pleasurable sex I've had in months, perhaps years, it was also the most painful. Les is bigger than my body is accustomed. I wasn't complaining, though. Another two hours on the bike got me in the mood for much more. It was a combination of the thrill of the bike and Les' scent, which I found intoxicating, the more I was around him.
Traffic got a bit dense once we hit our destination, but a half hour or so later, Les found his spot, parking behind a pub on Main Street. "I know the owner," he said. We put our helmets away, locked everything down and headed inside.
***
"Vito, Big Bob, Petey and Duke. And you two are Daisy and Lisa. Is that right?" I was talking to Daisy, one of the two women in the group whom Les had introduced to me. I was on my second beer and still wondering if I was too out of place to fit in.
"Wow, you got a good memory," laughed Daisy. "I couldn't do that sober, much less with any alcohol in me. Big Bob owns the joint and Vito is his best friend. Big Bob was Chuck V's son. Chuck ran the Running Wolves club. Or 'pack', as they called it. Anyway, they were into all kinds of shit. Big Bob isn't like his father, though. He runs the pub, and that's it."
I turned to Les. "Is this city... like... biker-centric?"
"Sort of like a smaller Sturgis," he chuckled. "There's a long history of bikers here."
"So, I gathered," I said, looking to Bob. His nickname suited him. He was indeed big, at least six and a half feet tall. Probably close to 300 pounds. I predict he'll be filling in as Santa Clause at future Christmas parties, once he gets white in his beard, and the muscled frame evolves to a portlier look.
After the introductions, it was several hours of drinking, shooting the shit and strolling up and down Main. A variety of bikers filled the streets, everyone welcoming and friendly. "It's not a huge event, then?" I asked Les.
"We're here early. Things don't pick up until tomorrow night. Most of the crowd will show up tomorrow afternoon and stay until Sunday morning."
"Ah, okay. Well, uh, maybe I should secure a hotel, in case --"
"We can figure that out later, but Bob has a room above the pub. We can stay there if we don't find something else. It's very nice."
"Really?"
"Why don't we see how things play out? Aren't you winging it?"
I smiled. "Absolutely." We walked a bit more when I stopped him at a quiet intersection. There weren't too many un-muffled Harleys nearby, anyway. "Les, I want to thank you."
"Don't get sentimental on me now," he chuckled.
"Well, that's just it. I want to make sure you won't, either."
"Ah, I get it. Afraid I'll catch feelings for you?"
I spoke the hard truth. "I can't see how you could catch feelings for me. I've behaved like anything but good girlfriend material. Not to mention, I'm still married."
"Don't worry, Janice. I like your company, but we'll just keep things friendly. Sound alright?"
I breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank goodness you're not the jealous type."
"Jealous?" Les burst into loud, almost uncontrollable laughter. "Me?"
"Hey, you don't have to be so snide about it," I joked.
Les was shaking his head. "If I were jealous, I wouldn't have set you up for tonight."
"I'm sorry?"
"I talked to Petey and Big Bob. Told 'em the short version of why you're tagging along. We've got a surprise for you later. That is, if you want it."
"A surprise? What kind of surprise?"
"I'm not giving it away," he huffed. "But I promise it will be very fun. It was Daisy's idea."
"Petey's wife?"
"More like a casual girlfriend because they hang out a lot. But she's community property."
"Community property?"
"Daisy's her own girl, tied to no one. She gets passed around. It's Lisa who's the devoted one. She and Vito got their thing, and they don't share. However, I wouldn't be surprised if Big Bob has joined them a time or two. I get that vibe sometimes."
The thought of being "passed around" sent shivers up my spine. I instantly envied Daisy's lifestyle. Maybe I wouldn't want it for myself in the long term, but the thought of that kind of freedom sounded amazing, if only for a little while. It almost seemed far-fetched, yet here I was, living it these past few hours. Who knows where I would land when this is over? "Come on, Les, tell me what the surprise is," I pleaded.
Les rolled his eyes, sighing. "Fine, we're going to take you to a place called After Dark. It's a gentleman's club at the end of the strip."
I giggled, "And what makes you think I want a lap dance from some --"
Les stopped me, "You misunderstand. We want you to be the entertainment."
"What?"
"You heard me."
"Why on earth do you think I would strip in front of a group of strangers?"
Les shrugged, smiling. "I figured with a few beers, you'd consider it. Besides, if you don't tease us, you might miss out on the train."
"Train? What train?"
There was a devious grin and a twinkle in Les' eye. "Oh, just a classic train, for a girl who could use the initiation."
It finally registered in my brain what he meant. At least, I think it did. "Let me make sure I am reading between the lines here, Les. Do you intend to have sex with me? And have others join in?"
"That's right. A train. A true classic. We each take turns with you, Janice. Think you got it in you?"
"Les, come on. You'll think I'm a slut."
"Oh, please. I grew up in this lifestyle, Janice. We're humans, but we're also animals."
"You happen to be an animal with a law degree."
"The worst kind," he beamed.
I withdrew from the conversation, mulling it over. I used to go dancing and clubbing back in college, but I certainly never stripped for anyone, much less in public. I wasn't sure I had it in me to do such a thing, but I didn't want to argue with Les over it. He's done so much for me, already. I don't even know the man, and I've put an incredible amount trust in him. Am I crazy? Have I lost it?
***
Les might be a fortune teller, because three hours later the entire gang had indeed convinced me to go to After Dark, and I knew, deep down, they would likely convince me to strip, too. Unlike Big Bob's pub, After Dark had more glitz, but there was an authenticity missing to it. This place could pass for any other strip joint, while Bob's place was unique. "Why don't you have girls strip at your place?" I asked Bob, once we were all seated in an oversized, curved booth.
"It happens often enough from the guests, but we're not really suited for it."
I winked and said, "Your place is still better."
"Glad you think so."
An hour later, I had two and a half beers in me (as Les predicted) and the inevitable came up. I didn't even let them prod me for very long. "Alright, alright!" I yelled. "I'll do it, but I swear, if I make a fool of myself..." I wagged my finger at Les.
I learned very quickly that if there's an audience and a girl who is willing to strip, they don't care how bad she's at it. The place was only half full, but the noise was deafening by the time I bent over to pull off my panties. My tits hung a bit, suspended under me, while my torso was perpendicular to the floor. I slowly bent down further, taking my time as I pulled off my red panties, popping them out of one leg, and making them twirl around the other ankle. I was really doing it. Going stark naked, save for my heels. I was ass up in a club, letting everyone have a look. The applause filled me with confidence, and admittedly, aroused me. Gauging by the decibel level of the thunderous applause from the audience, one might think I just cured cancer. Nope, just showing off my tits and ass. Can't say I didn't love it. I jumped back upright, allowing for a good jiggle, before whipping around and prancing, all while in rhythm to the music. I yelled to my friends at the end of the stage. "How am I doing?"
Les and the others whistled and cheered and threw their arms up high. Daisy winked at me and gave me a thumbs up sign, before blowing me a kiss, backed by a devilish grin. Was she hitting on me, too? The answer to that question was 'Yes' which I found out about an hour later, back at Bob's place, when we went to the flat above the pub Les had mentioned earlier.
After my dance, Les and the others refused to give my clothes back to me. For over an hour, I sat naked in a booth while we watched other girls take the stage. I was shaking, I was so nervous, but Les and Petey gave me a couple shots of whiskey and it was all I needed to take the edge and anxiety away. My inhibitions dropped at least twenty more points. I finally was allowed my shirt and we went to Bob's, immediately up to the flat. Vito and Lisa took off, leaving me with Daisy, Petey, Duke and Les.
Duke turned to my new friend, "You sure she's okay with this?"
I'd never been exposed to multiple people talking about banging me, so I intruded, answering for Les, "Mister, I'm okay with anything. I mean, so long as no one get hurts." Duke and Les started laughing. "What?" I asked.
Les stepped forward, grabbing me by the wrist. "No one's going to get hurt, but there might be a little bit of pain."
"Wait. What?"
"I think you should bend over. You've been a very naughty girl, Janice."
"No. You can't be serious? I've heard of people who do that shit. Spanking? Paddling? You really think I want a part of that?"
Okay, admittedly, one might say what Les and Duke did next was inappropriate, but I knew, deep down, if I really wanted them to quit, they would have. One, I trusted Les. I barely knew him, yet I already trusted him more than my husband. And two, just before they jumped me, Les yelled out, "Your safe word is 'apricots'!"
I never used the word.
My bum was beet red within minutes. Duke had ripped my shirt off, leaving me the only one naked in the room. Daisy squeezed my tits, while Duke held me down, forcing my ass up in the air for Les to spank. He was incredibly accurate, sending a sharp, stinging sensation through every nerve, with each swat of his hand.
The lesson here is this: sometimes you discover something you like, that you never thought you would have liked. I had an involuntary orgasm as Les spanked me. I cried and came simultaneously, and it may have rivaled some of the best orgasms I've ever had. I was on my knees, trembling, waiting for another slap, beginning to get concerned how red my bum might be, when an unexpected and wonderful surprise hit me. Duke had a raging hard on and slid it in my wet pussy, with no problem and no warning. Hell, I hadn't even realized he was behind me, ready to mount. I felt like such a slut by allowing it to happen, that I immediately came again, and now I was adding 'laughter' to the list of emotive expressions I was simultaneously experiencing. Climaxing, crying and laughing, all at the same time. The most fabulous mix of emotions I'd ever experienced.
After Duke finished on my back, Petey took over, turning me, laying me on the carpet. Daisy and Les fondled each other while watching Pete pump me like a shameless whore. There was no emotion to his work. Just pure, selfish pleasure. A week ago, I would have been repulsed by such action, but in this moment, it got me even hornier. I wasn't being forced, but I had no control. I don't know for certain how many orgasms Petey squeaked out of me. Enough, and I wasn't sure how much more I could take when Les and Daisy approached. "Let's get you in the shower," whispered Daisy. "We aren't finished with you yet."
Apparently, I could take a lot more. After a hot shower, the three of us hit the bed, romping together under a single sheet. I wasn't thinking about consequences. I didn't care if there were any. I just wanted to submerge myself in the bliss.
The weekend was filled with drinking, tasty street food, loud bikes and a rough-looking crowd, but everyone I met treated me like gold, even though I was dressed atypical to the others. That was, until I brought it up to Les.
"Hah! Yeah, I get it. The clothes you got from that little boutique aren't quite the fitting threads, huh?" I nodded, giggling. "Plenty of stalls here. I bet you could rock some tight jeans and a Harley tee. Might even loosen you up a bit."
I slapped Les on the shoulder. "As if I haven't been loose enough."
"You know what I mean. So how about it, Janice? Let's go shopping."
"I'm always up for that!" I beamed.
The very first booth had much more than jeans and tees. They also carried daisy dukes, leather pants and straps, and an assortment of trinkets and jewelry. Les picked up a gold chain, "You like this kind of thing?"
I gave it a glance. "Necklaces aren't really my thing. Earrings... maybe a decorative ring on a finger, occasionally."
Let chuckled, "This isn't for your neck, Janice. Your breasts. Nipples."
I coughed. "What? How?"
"The clamps at the ends here. I'll show you. Lift your shirt. You're not wearing a bra, are you?" I wasn't, and he knew that. It was kind of refreshing walking around without one, I'd discovered. Still, even though I had done some very daring and crazy things the past 24 hours, it didn't mean I was willing to get naked at every request. Oh, who was I kidding? I lifted my shirt. "Goddamn, those peaches are ripe," Les cheered.
"Hey, man. Why so crass?"
Les began working with one clamp, loosening a pin or something, before pulling my left nipple through and firmly clamping it down. "Would you prefer I be a prim and proper gentleman? Or how about I just be myself?"
"Be yourself," I whispered, holding his gaze, while he began tugging and affixing the clamp on the opposite side. There was a strong pinch to each clamp, but once a few seconds passed, it became bearable, perhaps, dare I say, pleasurable.
"Shirt on or off?" Les asked. My shirt was currently propped up above my breasts. I suppose he wanted to pull it off me.
"What? And go topless all day with this... uh... what do you call this?" I tapped at the gold chain hanging between my nipples.
Les gave the chain a quick tug, making my nipples pull towards him. He was ensuring the clamps were firmly fixed. "Yes. Exactly. Topless all day."
I giggled. I never would have dreamt of doing such a thing. It seemed like I temporarily stepped into a different life, experiencing things so unnatural to me that I could hardly believe it was me at all. I nodded my head, smiling wide. "This is crazy, but okay." Then I leaned in, whispering. "I feel a bit dirty."
"Slutty?" I nodded. "Good. You can be my little slut today. I can show you off."
My knees nearly buckled in anticipation. Then I remembered the camera. I wanted to save some of my activities for prosperity, for both me and my ex-husband. I'm sure he would appreciate that, too, I thought to myself sarcastically. I had Les take a few photos, as I boldly posed wearing a tight, torn pair of jeans and the nipple jewelry, the only items we'd purchased in the shop.
"Les, you can take some pictures with your camera too, if you like."
"I'm sure I'll get a few before the day is over."
"Just thought I'd offer."
"You've turned into quite the exhibitionist, haven't you?"
"Maybe it's just for the weekend. A passing fancy. But I am enjoying myself, Les. Thank you for bringing me here. Like I said before, I needed this."
We walked along the streets, wandering the stalls and shops, stopping to greet other bikers and a few women who wanted to pose with me. Standing around topless certainly encouraged others to do the same, a trend the men appreciated me starting so early this morning. Everyone was amazingly friendly and being half naked was a confidence boost I didn't know I wanted. Now I understand why so many women participate in events like these. It's just unabashed fun. I might have to add Mardi Gras in New Orleans to the list of things I should experience before I die. More of the same, but a different atmosphere.
"Back home tomorrow?" I asked, later that evening.
"That was the original plan," Les said.
"Well, I can't expect you to take an impromptu vacation with me, and my car is back home."
"I have an idea. How about a planned one?"
"A planned what?"
"Vacation. You're right, Janice. I can't take off for weeks right now. After this rally, I intended to get back to the real world. I shave and everything." I laughed, as Les kept talking. "But give me a couple weeks to get my affairs in order, and then we could take a cross country trip or something. It's been a long while since I've taken an actual vacation."
"If we vacation together, we might discover we don't like each other."
"We might discover we do."
I am not sure if it was just the rebound mindset but being around Les made it very easy to forget about Brian altogether. After a moment's pause, I answered, "Okay, Les. Take me home. I'll do the same as you... get my affairs in order. Then we go. Let's shoot for the first of next month."
Les stepped forward, taking my hand. "It gives you time to think on it, too. Maybe back out and work on your marriage."
"Les, my marriage is over."
To prove it, I moved in for a kiss. After that, an evening of passionate lovemaking. Tonight was more than just sex; there was an actual connection. I knew in my heart that I would never have this kind of connection with Brian again. My marriage truly was over. We just needed to get through the formalities. Hopefully, a process that wouldn't prove too grueling.
***
I told Brian I'd be gone for a couple weeks, but I had no idea if he believed me. Hell, I had no idea if I believed me. At the time I left, I felt confident about it. If Les and I had not made plans, I may very well have stayed away. Instead, after a long weekend of partying and uninhibited sex, I found myself coming back home, punching in the code to open the front door. Brian's car was parked in the garage, but he wasn't in the living room. I assumed he was probably drunk, sleeping it off upstairs. It was just after ten in the morning.
I poured myself a glass of water and washed off my face. I wasn't really in the mood, but I needed to go over a couple things with Brian. Namely, if we could do this separation amicably. Maybe even have our attorneys work together. As much as ending things sucks, there's no reason to make it worse. I made my way to the stairs and was halfway up when I heard strange noises. At first, I thought maybe Brian was sick, the sounds of grunting, on the verge of throwing up. Then I heard heavy breathing and a pleasurable sounding moan, a woman's.
I knew.
Brian, thinking I was going to be gone for some time, already had someone over. I was numb to it. It didn't - in any form or fashion - bother me in the slightest. I continued up the stairs, making no effort to disguise the fact I was home. They couldn't hear me, anyway, too involved in their shenanigans. I pushed open the door to our bedroom. Sheets and blankets were strewn all over the floor. Brian and a trim, blonde woman were blissfully unaware of my presence, positioned on the edge of the bed. The blonde was sucking Brian off with fervor.
Quietly, I stripped out of my clothes, dropping them to my feet. Finally, I cleared my throat and interrupted the action. "Got room for one more?" I asked, making my way to the bed. "Move to the center, so I can squeeze in."
Instantly, Brian bolted upright, possibly scraping his junk on the poor woman's teeth. I saw him wince in pain for a brief second. "Janice! Wh... what? You're home? You're home! I... I thought -- "
"Just shut up," I said. "Just shut the fuck up and let's have some fun for a few minutes. We can discuss what this is going to do to our marriage later."
Brian was both extremely upset and extremely turned on. The latter proved to be the winning emotion, as he allowed me take command on our marital bed. The look on the girl's face was priceless. She might have wanted to run, but after I grabbed the back of her head and pushed her down on my future ex, she seemed to get into it. I watched for a minute, reminding myself that for all of Brian's troubles, the sex was great when we put effort into it. I intended to do that now, joining the strange girl. We each took sides, sliding our tongues up and down Brian's thick shaft. I whispered to her, "I want to watch you ride him."
"Really?" she asked, meekly.
"I want you to make him cum." Brian was shocked by my change in attitude and I could tell my dirty talk was going to make it difficult for him to last. "Straddle him. I'll lick his balls while you do." It's amazing how many sexual positions and angles one can discover when the need arises. Moments later, all three of us were soaked in a mixture of sweat and semen, the young girl quivering near the foot of the bed, after an explosive series of orgasms. Brian and I worked her over well.
"Does this mean we're good?" Brian asked, after a moment a silence.
I chuckled softly. "I hope so, Brian. I really do."
"Thank goodness. I was afrai-"
I interrupted. "Brian, I said we're good. It doesn't mean we're together. I want a divorce."
Brian dropped his head back on the bed, looking deflated. "What? Why? Wh-"
"You know it's for the best, Brian. Come on, you've spent months trying to figure out how to spend time away from me. Let's make it official."
"Is that what you really want?"
"Brian, I don't love you anymore, and you don't love me, either. Let's just cut the cord and move on. We can always look back on this experience as what it once was: wonderful. But now, it's over. I need to be single for a while. In a year, maybe two, I can evaluate what I want."
"There's something you aren't telling me."
"That's true, but it isn't relevant to where I stand. It just helped me come to this conclusion faster."
"What about the business? The house?"
"You know what, honey. None of that shit matters in the long run. We'll sort out the details together. Let's do this one last thing right."
Brian lay quietly for a while, finally muttering, "If you say so."
"Hey, maybe after we sign the papers, we repeat what we did here for one last fling."
"Ya know, we could have been like this when-"
"Stop, Brian. I mean it. The marriage is over. I was only offering to-"
"I'll take you up on it. You win. I agree. I just don't like the idea of a life without you, even if it's for the best."
I smiled, but there was a sadness to it. "I'm glad my first marriage was to you, Brian. I'm so sorry it's over, but we both have a lot to look forward to."
"What are you going to do?"
I paused, thinking. Finally, I smiled. "I don't know for sure. I might learn to ride a motorcycle."