A New Toy for Christmas
The year that the pandemic lingered I decided to make Christmas extra special for my wife, to cheer us both up. I ordered all kinds of fun things, sex toys, pretty pin-up dresses, sexy shoes, and expensive lingerie. I gave her a present every day for 12 days ending on Christmas day with a rather pricey lingerie set that I had shipped over from the UK. The 12 days of Christmas were a lot of fun and led to some hot days and nights. Nothing like getting a sexy or beautiful gift every day for almost two weeks.
One of the toys I gave her was a vibrator/ clit sucker that I had great reviews about. She was interested but her go to was her wand. I decided to put together a little scenario to get her to try it, while feeding my voyeuristic tendencies.
The following email arrived in her inbox:
Hello my pet,
Charge the new toy I gave you. At some point in the day on Saturday, you will experiment with it to see how it can please you. You will excuse yourself, go to the bedroom, and figure out the controls on the toy. You will then put in headphones, choose music, and play it loud enough that you cannot hear much, if anything around you. You will also pop on a blindfold so that you cannot see what is around you. Then you will edge yourself to very near orgasm at least 3 times calling out the number as you get near orgasm and back off, bonus points for going for 4-5 times. The thing is, I may be in the room as you do this enjoying the erotic view, or I may not. Hell, I may be taking photographs, I may not. I may be jacking off trying to time a splash of cum across your breasts as you peak, I may not. It's entirely possible I will just listen from a distance and enjoy your exploration in my imagination, (because even in my imagination, I am getting quite hard right now thinking about it). If you can tell which of these is actually going on, you are cheating, your music is too low, or your blindfold is not in place. After the 3rd edge you can take your release on the next pass, or NOT. But take it slow, these near orgasms should not be one on top of the other, give yourself 5-10 minutes to ease down before you go again.
My wife responded very positively, she was in a rather submissive mindset and was willing to try most anything I suggested. I wasn't kidding in my email, I got hard just thinking about it.
On Saturday we had some breakfast and sat down to watch a TV show we had been binging. Mid morning she excused herself and headed up to our bedroom. I heard her walking around and distinctly heard her dropping her shoes, and I could just imagine her stripping down for a nice self pleasure session. I left the TV on and ran to the basement to grab my camera. By the time I was coming back up the stairs, I was rock hard.
I quietly walked over to the bottom of the stairs and listened for any hint of what was going on. I heard my wife sit down on the bed, open her toy drawer and prepare things. Teasing myself a bit, I waited for her to call out her 1st edge. She powered up the toy, and I desperately wanted to go watch her. I love it when she masturbates for me. Watching a woman pleasure herself has always gotten me excited. I listened for a bit, and then went and sat back on the couch. Imaging her in bed pleasuring herself, I started touching myself over my pants. I knew I had to hold off from getting my hand on my erection or this would be a very short event for me. She was being pretty quiet, all I could hear was the toy softly buzzing, when I turned the volume on the TV down. My leg was bouncing with excitement.
She started moaning and panting, I could tell she was really getting into it. The new toy seemed to be doing a good job. All of the sudden she gasped out, "One".
Now, it was all I could do to not run up the stairs and just watch her pleasure herself. I grabbed my camera, snuck quietly up the stairs and took a couple of very erotic photos. From that low angle I could see my wife on the bed, completely nude, on her back, with her legs bent and spread wide. I could see her luscious breasts resting to the sides of her chest. I watched her chest rise and fall quickly. I waited while her breathing slowed and she came down from the edge. I couldn't see her head, as it was hidden by the nightstand from the angle I was at, but I also knew that if she hadn't done as I had asked and blindfolded herself, she couldn't see me either. It was very erotic for a voyeur, watching an essentially anonymous, at least from my angle, woman playing with herself. I watched as she softly caressed her breasts and allowed herself to relax.
Soon she decided to go for number two. I watched as she felt for and picked up the toy she had set down. Turning it back on, she went back to work between her legs. I decided to slip back down the stairs and leave her to her play. This time things progressed much more quickly. I could hear her winding herself up and I just had to touch myself. Just listening to her had me so turned on my cock was throbbing with need. I stripped out of my clothes in a rush, sat back on the couch and grabbed my cock. I listened to her moans and imagined her working the toy over her clit, and slowly stroked myself. Figuring the edging was play for both of us, I listened and tried to get myself close while she got herself close. Throbbing in my hand, I had to slow my strokes or I would lose my load. Just as I slowed I heard her call out, "Two", in a loud voice.
I waited for a bit and snuck back up the stairs, enjoying the fantasy of being caught, though I knew she shouldn't have any idea I was there. Her breathing began to slow and she sighed audibly. She relaxed a bit longer this time, I think she had nearly gone over the edge and wanted to make it last. Again she slowly stroked her breasts and then along her thighs focusing on those sensations to take her mind off her throbbing clit. Sitting on the stairs I just enjoyed watching this sensual display.
Once she had wound back down, she picked the toy back up. Using her fingers to spread her wetness around her lips and clit, she brought the toy back between her legs. How many times would she edge? I had no idea, and this time I wanted to watch. I got up from the stairs and walked into the bedroom to watch her. As she started playing in earnest I took photos of her with the toy on her clit and hands between her legs. She had spread her legs very wide to access her wanting sex. With the clilt sucker toy in one hand, she reached down with her other and plunged two fingers into her pussy. She was winding up quickly this time. I thought I would cum just watching her, so I kept my hands away from my cock. She was indeed blindfolded and walking to her side I could see she had her earbuds in. As she worked between her legs with both hands, she threw her head back, and cried out, "Three". Was she going to come next time or would she take it further? She had gone as far as I had asked, if she was enjoying it as much as she seemed to be, would she go further?
I stayed in the room and watched her breathing slow down. With less visual stimulation I took the risk of stroking my dick again. I just slowly stroked as I looked at my naked wife, legs splayed, winding down from her near orgasm. She used her hands to run the insides of her thighs and softly played with her lips, studiously avoiding her clit. Much less intense but so erotic, this was turning out to be one of my better ideas.
After a bit, she picked back up, edging herself again. I began to stroke myself harder and faster, It only took her a couple of minutes to be nearing orgasm this time. She was panting with need and I thought she would come this time for sure. I stood over her from the side of the bed stroking my cock and trying to bring myself off with her. By now she was very wet, puffy and flushed from all of the stimulation. Her nipples became very erect as she worked the toy between her legs. I was nearing orgasm myself and thought we would cum at nearly the same time. All of the sudden she dropped the toy and panted out, "Four". I got my hand off my cock just in time. I stood there, naked and rock hard, with my cock bobbing as it pulsed, but I did not come. Might be the closest edge I had ever done.
I wanted to crawl onto the bed and go down her. Her wet, puffy vulva just looked too good to resist. This was her time though, I wondered if she knew I had been watching her for so long. I hoped that she was enjoying the thought of me watching and exhibiting herself to me. I had gotten her to do this to drive her a bit crazy, and it was driving me crazy.
She didn't wait long to get started again. I watched for a while but was soon stroking myself with abandon, but had to slow my strokes as I got ahead of her quickly. Her breathing started to get very fast and she was sighing and moaning with pleasure. I stood next to her hip so I could look down at her furiously working between her legs and watch her breasts rock with her motions. As she started to get close I stroked myself with long hard strokes stretching the skin of my cock back and forth. She was totally lost in her pleasure and I sensed she would cum this time. As she began to come, my orgasm ripped through me and I shot load after load all over her stomach, her tits, the bed, and the pillow she had her head rested on. She didn't even notice as she cried out with a shattering orgasm. Her entire body shook and her back arched off of the bed. I had never witnessed her coming this hard before with my help or without it. I think in an abundance of need she kept the toy up against her clit and was rocked with another orgasm, then rolled right into a 3rd. With that she fumbled with the toy, turned it off and tried to get her breath back.
I've always loved that my wife is so orgasmic and routinely has multiples after a long session of foreplay. I don't know if she had ever edged herself before, but by the way she was panting and moaning, I suspected she would again.
My head spinning from the lack of blood, I lurched into the bathroom, ran water in the sink to warm it up, and wetted down a washcloth. Returning to the side of the bed I reached down and touched my wife's shoulder. She jumped a little, she hadn't known I was there! I proceeded to clean my cum off of her naked body and the bed. She relaxed into my touch, then reached up to pull the blindfold off. Popping her ear buds out, she looked up at me and smiled.
"Wow!," she said. "That was intense."
"And very, very sexy to watch," I said back. "Did you even notice that I had come all over you?"
"Not until I was lying here after the fact. I wondered why I was wet, but with the texture I figured out what had happened. But I couldn't be sure if you were still here. Did you have fun too?"
"I haven't come that hard, or that much that I can remember, " I replied. "That was one of the most erotic things I have ever seen."
"Were you in here watching the whole time?," she asked.
"You'll never be sure," I said with a wink. " But no, I left you to yourself for a while and enjoyed just listening and imagining what you were doing. When I came up here and started watching, the reality was even better than the fantasy. I love you, and love that you indulge my fantasies."
"Well, it sure worked for me, but these sheets are going to need to go into the washer," she said with a smile.
I laid down next to her and held her close, our naked bodies enjoying the contact.
The thing is, as you get older and things aren't as easy, or don't work the way they used to, you have to broaden your definition of what sex is. This was definitely sex, even though we had never touched each other until after we had both gotten off. Our adventures had certainly broadened our definition of sex, and I was looking forward to finding even more ways to excite and satisfy each other.