First of all to set the scene - I was living on my own in a foreign country in Eastern Europe where I couldn't really speak the language and only had a couple of friends locally.
I was in the centre of a city, living on the ground floor in a converted garage sticking out from the rear of a row of apartments and houses. None of the flats above me could see my place, and there were only a couple of small high windows in the apartments behind me - an unusual situation, but the centres were full of a mix of old and new, and I was lucky enough to have that privacy - I lived in more public places where things happened, but those are for future stories.
There was only one neighbouring house which overlooked my windows, and due to a high wall, only one of their rooms with a small glass balcony had a decent view.
I think the husband worked, as he was never around during the day, but I saw the wife going to the shops from the front, or regularly using the rear balcony door to go into the garden to either talk to a neighbour or hang washing out - I was not working at that time and so when it got warmer I managed to get a rough idea of her routine.
I didn't have a garden, but used a folding clothes airer to hang my washing out, which was almost daily due to the heat and my habit of keeping myself busy by doing little bits of washing regularly.
When I was cleaning my windows one day I noticed that there was a brilliant reflection of the neighbours balcony which was almost like a mirror, and so I got to know the angles and positions from where I could get the best view without obviously looking.
When I saw her from indoors, I would go out and pretend to hang out washing or clean the windows and noticed after a few times that as she returned to her house, she would pause and look my way, partly as I was an object of curiosity locally, being a foreigner trying to live amongst the locals rather than in a fancy expensive apartment or house.
She was tall, long hair and fairly average or even plain looking, not unattractive but certainly not a sexy babe, and aged around 45.
One day as I was genuinely cleaning the windows wearing only a pair of shorts, I noticed she stopped for longer in her balcony and fiddled with some plants, or was she only pretending, as it just didn't seem natural movements?
Over the next week or so I tried different things and times, and was sure she was looking over at me intentionally, so I decided one day to up the stakes a bit.
I had bought a thong and wore that outside whilst cleaning the windows, as she would clearly see my cheeks from behind. Sure enough, there was a much longer pause and her head was clearly facing me as she had a good look, only stopping when I partially turned and walked back indoors, which I could do in a couple of steps without having to look in her direction.
I wore the thong for a week when hanging out washing or just walking around slowly catching some sun, then decided to do more.
The next time I saw her go outside, I went out to fiddle with my washing, turning it around and bringing some indoors, but was totally naked with my cock swinging around nice and soft as I was so nervous and unsure of her reaction.
I could hear her footsteps approach the stairs and watched the reflection closely - she took a couple of steps into the balcony then stopped dead as she realised I had nothing on. I moved around a bit with my head down 'being busy', so she could have a look at my cock as well, and she did not move at first, then started moving plant pots around much more than was needed, as she continued to glance over at me frequently.
This continued for another couple of weeks, although she never came out more than usual, but neither did she run indoors quickly so she was obviously interested in the view but not obsessed with it.
I was of course getting so horny every time that I would go indoors afterwards and wank furiously at the idea of her enjoying a look at my cock, so lust got the better of me not long afterwards.
Thankfully the summers are long and usually hot, so I waited a while and then one day I walked outside when semi-hard and fiddled around with my washing, going in and out of my place now and then, but still able to pretend to ignore the fact she was by now openly staring with her mouth open, at what had by then grown into a lovely hard cock - I even stopped and glanced down at it, stroking it a couple of times and wiping the drooling pre-cum off with a finger and licking it, all the while she was stood still, in what must have been shock!
I was so aroused that it seemed as if cum was constantly trickling out whilst I walked - I had never had that happen before, where I was in a sexual situation but without any female contact, and I must say that I enjoyed the feeling so much that I made sure it happened again several times over the next month.
She stared at my cock every time she saw me out back, but I only glanced her way a couple of times, so she must have known I was aware of her presence, but I never waved or smiled at her just in case it scared her off, although I had amazing orgasms afterwards, every time.
When she saw me in the street she looked down and ignored me, which is not unusual for married ladies who don't want to appear over friendly with a man who doesn't speak the same language.
I had intended to stand and finish myself off one day, but she changed her routine during school holidays, and then the owner of my place decided to sell, so I moved elsewhere and had more adventures, which I will write about soon.
Finally, remember this is a true story and I know I could have tried to fuck her, she could have flashed her tits at me and so on, but there was no way of knowing if her husband had mafia connections for example, so it happened the way it happened.
***
Thanks for reading, any comments or messages welcome.