Our car was at the garage for repair, so my husband Steven and I had to travel into the city on the commuter train. We were grumbling about the train being quite full and having to stand. We didn't know how well off we were, at the next station dozens more people got on and we were packed in like sardines.
In the crush, Steven and I became separated and pushed toward the back of the train. I could see the top of his head over the crowd as he ended up at the very back.
There were mostly businessmen on the train so it wasn't surprising that Steven was surrounded by men... but the unusual thing was that they were all facing Steven. You would expect a group to be facing different directions.
The train lurched and a gap appeared momentarily--and I could see that Steven's shirt was up around his chest and his pants and underwear were pulled down by his knees. One guy was fingering his crotch, another was fondling his butt.
I've always found Steven hot. There's something about him that says Sex, but I was surprised at how quickly this group of men had responded to that about him and taken advantage of their opportunity.
I was also surprised at my reaction. Instead of jealousy I was instantly wet, almost soaked. Here was my sweet husband being molested by a group of strangers... and I was enjoying it.
I wanted to reach down under my dress and touch myself. I didn't get the chance to see any more of the show, but as a guy was getting off, he whispered to the man next to me. "There's a hot guy back there, go get a feel before he gets off."
The trip had taken about 30 minutes and as we approached our station, Steven made his way over to me. He looked a little flushed as he said "It's certainly packed in here." I agreed, and we got off and went off to work. During the 10-minute walk to where we parted company (we work in opposite buildings), he made no mention of what had happened. Nothing at all about the men interfering with him. I found that interesting.
* *
We met for lunch and again he said nothing about it. We just made small talk and gossip from the office.
We met up at going home time and made our way to the station. "I wonder if the train will be as packed going home?" was the only comment that he made.
The train was indeed just as packed. I allowed myself to be pushed away from Steven by the crowd but I managed to swing around so that I was standing behind the men who were immediately surrounding him. I recognized some of them from that morning, though some were new. I was sure that they would follow the lead of the others and join in with playing with this more-than-willing sex-toy.
Sure enough, within seconds of leaving the station one of the guys was pulling up Steven's shirt and rubbing his torso. I was surprised at his audacity. Another had loosened Steven's pants and pushed them down.
I was surprise to see that Steven now wasn't wearing any underwear. He had come prepared. He was having his cock and balls fingered again and his chest played with.
A man leaned in and started to suck his nipples. Hot.
I reached between the guys in front of me and slid my hand across Steven's butt. I took a turn at fingering his ass. It gave me a peculiar sensation to be clandestinely finger fucking my own husband as though he was a stranger. My arm was soon pulled out of the way as other guys wanted a turn at playing with his ass.
Pretty soon Steven was writhing and moaning. He had his arms around some guy's neck and was kissing him while the others were stoking his cock to a climax.
As his climax subsided, he just sort of hung there on the guy's neck, exhausted. Then someone pushed Steven to turn him around. Another lay a briefcase flat on the floor and lifted him by the hips to stand on it. Steven is average height and this brought his hips up to a height that a taller guy could more easily fuck him. With a hand on each of his hips, the guy pulled him back onto his hard dick.
I watched, mesmerized, as I saw this stranger's cock entering my husband's lovely ass. The guy who my husband was hanging onto, lowered him down so that Steven's face was level with his crotch. He opened his zip and pulled out his cock and pressed it to Steven's lips. His mouth opened and let the stranger's cock enter. At first the guy was going gently but as the fucking he was getting from behind started to get harder, Steven was pushed forward onto the cock in his mouth and pretty soon he was having his throat fucked as well.
The guy fucking him came quickly and before he could withdraw his cock, he was shoved over out of the way as another guy positioned himself. He immediately rammed his cock up him fucked him furiously for about 30 seconds before grunting--and another load of sperm was shot up my husband's tight ass.
By the time we got to our station, he had been fucked by three men and three others had shot spunk down his throat. I had taken a turn at stroking his cock myself. As I had never been part of a gang bang before and this was my husband being fucked by strangers, I had the most explosive climax that I can remember.
Steven was completely out of it, what with all the fucking and his own orgasm. He didn't seem to know what or where he was. I helped him rearrange his clothes quickly and got him off the train.
* *
That was the start of our group activities. He loves being the center of attention, and I love watching him. We have since found a wooded park outside of town where men are known to get together for sex--I watch from the car. Once Steven went to a gay club/bar in the next town over--he left his phone on, so I heard everything, and when he came home, completely worn out, he smelled like sex.
But still his favorite place is the train.
We regularly travel to work by train now, but since that first time he is more discrete.
He will let only one or two guys at a time enjoy his pleasures. His favorite is to get into a corner, kneel down, and suck cock. He enjoys swallowing sperm, though sometimes he likes it sprayed over his face. For when he is in that mood, I take some extra tissues to wipe it off before we leave the train.
But a confession. I wonder how it would taste if I licked it off my husband's face. ...
And then if we kissed and swapped the strange men's semen from mouth to mouth...?
* *