Dear diary,
It's been a long time hasn't it? So much has happened since I last wrote. I broke up with Ken about 2 months ago. At first I cried about it a lot, but I'm finally feel like my old self again. By the end of our relationship he was trying to full on, crazy-person control me. Ken would tell me I wasn't allowed to wear certain clothes because they showed off my body too much. It's not my fault my breasts grew naturally to a size 34DDD. If I wore shirts that were too tight or too low-cut, it would start a huge fight. I started wearing clothes that were oversized, and even started wearing his men's clothes in order to hide my curvy body. I never would get looked at or hit on, and it kind of brought my confidence down. Well I've finally left the frumpy, oversized clothes in the past. A lovely body like mine deserves to be shown off, don't you think diary?
Right after the breakup, I decided it was a good time to get a new bikini that I could show off my post-breakup body in. My shopping trip was quite a *fun* adventure. I was still in my old habits and wore my usual clothes of jeans and a t-shirt (with a tank top underneath, for modesty of course). I went pretty early - about 10:30 am, but it was a Saturday so I still expected it to be busy. I parked and took a final look in the mirror. I had straightened my dark brown hair that morning, and it shined from the morning sun. But I had a sad realization - I looked just like I had when I was still dating Ken. Old habits die hard. But I wanted to straight up murder that habit. I decided to be a little more revealing and step out of my comfort zone.
I was in my car in a parking lot, with the sun shades in the windshield. I took a look around, and there was no one in sight. I quickly pulled both shirts off and separated them, and then put on just the v-neck shirt. Upon putting it back on I immediately noticed how rough the fabric felt on my stomach and back. I had never put this shirt on by itself. I also didn't quite realize just how low cut this shirt would be without the tank top underneath. I adjusted the shirt and pulled it taut and revealed quite a bit of cleavage and inner breast. I could feel the air on my exposed breast that I hadn't ever shown off in public before. This thought made my pussy throb a bit, and I noticed that my nipples had hardened. My thin bra didn't hide much, and I could feel them staring straight ahead. I had always felt so covered up. Now that I was feeling a bit more revealed, my sexual arousal started to climb. I started to feel a catch 22 - my hard nipples poking through my shirt made me feel aroused which kept my nipples hard. I looked down to see them both at full attention ready to greet the world. It didn't help that the shirt was so thin and flimsy when it was worn by itself. But I didn't feel ashamed like I used to. Instead, I felt like a sexy woman with delicious, sensitive nipples.
I exited the car and entered the department store. I happened to be at the men's entrance - go figure. I approached the door and found a man leaving the store who held the door for me. I thanked him, to which he replied "the pleasure is all mine, miss". I wondered to myself if he could see my nipples. I wondered if that's why he had such a strange way of saying 'you're welcome'. Usually, I would find such men creepy and weird, but I actually found a strange arousal from it. I felt a little embarrassed but more intrigued with this new feeling. Was I born this way or is this a byproduct of the treatment I endured from my ex? Either way, I wanted to explore this new feeling.
I made my way to the juniors section searching for a bikini large enough to fit my breasts. Many of the tops seemed like they were so small they wouldn't even cover my nipples. I picked one up to see how it would fare on my breasts, and decided to take it into the dressing room as a 'joke'. However, I should have known that this 'joke' was really my what my true intention was. I had felt so aroused going into the store with my nipples pressing through the fabric, and feeling the eyes of the man all over my body. I knew I had to see myself in such a small top, and imagine how it would feel to actually be at the beach in such a revealing suit. I grabbed that one and a handful of others to try on.
I went to the dressing room with my selection of teeny tiny bikini tops. I would never have dared to wear any of these in the past - even in private I would have blushed. But as I placed the small triangle cups over my nipples, I immediately felt myself get wet. I actually looked super sexy. My nipples were rock hard. I ran my hands over my curvy body and felt my soft skin under my fingers. I couldn't help but feel like I should be showing my body off to the world. I worked hard to maintain my shape and I never felt fully appreciated. I swapped that one out for the next, and same reaction. My body looked amazing. My breasts bounced slightly as I adjusted the tightness of the strings, and my nipples were pushing their way through the fabric. I tried on the next, and the next. Each one looked better than the last, and my panties were soaking wet. I hadn't felt so turned on in a long time.
I bought 6 itty bitty bikini tops and bottoms, diary. I haven't worn them yet but I will soon, and I'll let you know how it goes :) So long for now, Jazmin