Feedback is welcome via the CONTACT tab on my profile.
*
I thought I'd think back to my early 20's when life was still waiting for me to slow down a bit. This is the account of my last summer before leaving university.
I'd worked in hotels doing various low key jobs on and off for years to make some extra cash. The main reason I liked the job was that many hotels would offer accommodation for free or for a nominal amount. It was also a hotbed of sex and piss-ups as all the staff partied their wages away. This hotel was a 3 star seafront resort hotel on the south coast (England) and catered mainly for retired people on coach tour holidays. There were other guests but it was probably 75% these tours.
The hotel had a top floor that was in dire need of refurbishment but was, for the foreseeable future, staff accommodation. The lucky ones who'd been there a while got poky little singles but the part timers like me had to share a twin room. There was one bathroom, 3 in total, for every 5 or 6 rooms to share and there were about 25 staff living in these rooms. When I first arrived I was in a twin room on my own but after a month I was sharing with an Irish guy called Paul who was working there as part of his hospitality management course.
Once I'd got a feeling for my colleagues and shared a few drinks got to know who were the party types and who weren't. The end block of rooms were all the long term staff who might have the odd drink but kept away from the rest of us after hours. Because of the shifts there were always people coming and going around us. This is where things began to get interesting!
I was out with ten others and we went to our usual pub. The pub was a busy one that was a bit 'spit and sawdust' but the beer was cheap and they had a room with two pool tables. We took over the pool room as soon as we arrived and were just drinking and playing a few games of winner stays on. A while later one of the waitresses (Sandra) turned up with five of her friends, all of whom were pretty good looking. I went up to play Ray who had been on five games unbeaten and made my brake. Ray then proceeded to pot balls as I chatted up one Sandra's friends. It wasn't long before I realised that Ray was on a roll and was on the black already. It was an impossible pot so I guessed he would play a safety. Instead he slammed the white ball so hard it jumped and, having come off two cushions slammed into the black which hit two more cushions on its way to the hole. I watched as the black trickled towards the middle pocket, kissed one of my balls, eased over the edge and down!
Ray then shouted at the top of his voice, "EIGHT BALLED!" The group then started to chant, "Eight Balled, Eight Balled!" and I laughed at my misfortune. My first game with this lot and I never even got a shot off. Then Steve, the hotel's security guard (really just a porter with a fancy title) came over and pulled me to one side. Steve explained it was a pub rule as well as a hotel staff rule that if you get eight balled you have to run a lap of the pub with no trousers on. "Basically Tony you have to show everyone your 'equipment' and be a little humiliated."
I was a bit aghast at this and looked up to see everyone staring at me and still chanting, "Eight Balled, Eight Balled...... Balls Out!" I was a bit shitting myself and tried to blag it as an 'in' joke but within a couple of minutes I realised this was real so had to decide whether to do it or run and live in shame as a wimp. I was still in shock but it began to dawn on me that this was a fantasy of mine but I'd never had the bottle to flash before. This was to be an acceptable way of showing myself off and be acceptable. The landlady then shouted at me. "Hey.... Newbie...... Either get your knob out or get out!"
I decided I was going for it so kicked off my trainers and dropped my trousers and boxers in one swift move. I was fairly hidden though as my shirt tails were quite long. I was now feeling VERY exposed so began my run. Obviously the punters in the busy pub weren't going to make this easy for me and blocked my routes forcing me to take the longest possible run in and out of tables. One 40 something woman grabbed my ass but I made it back in to the pool room (the pub was set with 3 separated areas with a bar in the centre so a full circle could be ran).
I was greeted by laughter and cheers as I dove into the room, my cock and balls swinging about and my shirt wafting about to expose me. I'm no porn star in the trousers but am slightly above average and happy with my lot. One of the waitresses, a blonde bimbo called Stacey with an IQ of about 6 was wagging her little finger at me but other than that it was a real thrill for me and I was almost disappointed to put my trousers back on. My underwear had been thrown behind the bar by somebody so I was now commando but felt my dick swell a little at the excitement. I realised I love exposing myself.
The rest of the night involved getting very drunk and despite trying (without wanting it to be obvious) I never got Eight Balled again that night. I was all ready once only for me to win as the other bloke potted the black but the white followed it in giving me the win! I was chatting to one of the girls, a busty redhead receptionist called Dee who admired my confidence and said that if it was them they wouldn't do it (girls have to do it topless). As such they don't play, just in case!
As we got close to closing time and everyone was very drunk I had been for a pee and thought I would come out without zipping up to see what happened. Nobody noticed and I wasn't really poking out, despite a couple of subtle attempts to make my fly gape open. Still no one saw it though. As it was time to go there were about 9 of us left from the hotel so we made our way back as a group. Being a bit drunk and horny I decided to pull my dick out and feign not realising if it caused a scene. We were half way back and Dee and Sandra were falling behind so I said to others to keep on and I'd hang back with them to be sure they got back o.k.
We wondered slowly as the girls talked about favourite cocktails. Dee then said "STOP!" so we all stood still wondering what was wrong. "Tony.... your willy is showing!" I pretended to be shocked and apologised saying my underwear was stolen during my lap of the pub making no effort to put it back. Dee then shocked me as she leant over and took a hold of my dick and pushed it back into my jeans, slowly pulling up the fly after. It was so hot! Her soft touch was electrifying but it was the way she wrapped her whole hand around when it was clearly not necessary. I began to get a boner right away tenting my trousers but we were now past the street lighting so I don't think the girls saw anything.
We went into the hotel through the staff entrance and up the back stairs to our rooms. I invited them back to mine for another few drinks as I had a bottle of JD and diet cokes in my room but they declined saying they had to be in work in 6 hours. I went to my room (still alone at this point) and had an amazing wank to the thoughts of that night.
It was from this point on that I started to try and get caught with my cock out at every chance. It seemed this group of people in the hotel were o.k. with it and I was going to take advantage of that fact.. I would always wank to the bathroom naked from then on and lots more exposure followed over the next 13 weeks.
More to follow...