This is a true story. I know, everyone says that, and most of the stories are obviously made up. Okay, the sex is a little embellished, but I am trying to get across how fucking incredible the night was. Otherwise, it is as I remember events.
This story takes place between my two marriages, around 1985 - a time in my life when I was going a bit crazy, chasing every piece of skirt that so much as smiled at me. My excuse is that I was trying to nullify the pain from my marriage breakup. Most of my old mates were married, so I was hanging out with Dennis, a mate I'd flatted with in London before my first marriage.
One weekend in August, Dennis and I took off in his car for the Whakaapa ski field on the side of Mount Ruapehu. We booked a ski hut next to the Chateau Tongariro as we couldn't afford to stay there.
We had left Auckland well before dawn and arrived on the ski field around opening time. After attacking the Piste all day, we drove down from the slopes to our ski hut and booked in. We had brought some bacon, egg pie, and other tasty food items. Friends had told us about the nightclub that raged on Friday and Saturday nights over in the Chateau itself, but after our long drive and the skiing, we were too tired to go and check it out. So, after consuming half the food and a couple of beers, we hit the sack.
Saturday, we woke to another beautiful cloudless day and were up on the field early, skiing our hearts out. By 3:00 p.m., we had had enough and returned to our hut for a quick snooze to recharge our batteries, as we intended to check out the party scene and chase some ski bunnies that night. We slept much longer than planned, waking around 8:00 p.m. We quickly scoffed down the leftover food and walked the one hundred yards to the Chateau to find the nightclub. The place was humming, and we joined several people we had met on the slopes that day.
Dennis and I were impressed. There were more women than guys. The guys in the group we joined said not to jump too soon, as the housemaids and waitresses finished between 8:00 and 10:00, and some of them were worth waiting for.
I was dancing with some loverly young thing when the first group of staff arrived, and an attractive girl amongst them caught my eye. So once the next bracket started, I was across the dance floor and asking her for a dance. She was a bit stand-offish; she probably got hit on by punters like me every night. So, after a couple of dances, I cut my losses and joined the group of guys again. I was just about to go and ask another girl for a dance when a group of four girls came through the door. And one of them was stunning, the Perfect Ten. She took my breath away, gave me a sinking feeling in my stomach and had my cock twitching in my pants.
I determined to get in first, but a smooth, Latin-looking bastard grabbed her arm and took her to the dance floor before I could move. Bugger! I was pissed, too slow, but resigned myself to the fact I would never have a chance with her anyway. So I walked over and asked one of the girls who had entered with her for a dance.
Jude was her name, and as we danced, she noticed me watching 'Ten' and commented that I had no chance.
"Lesley seldom dances with guys looking for a one-night stand," she said.
"Probably," I agreed, "But she doesn't look thrilled with the smooth bastard she's with."
"No. That's Giovani, one of the ski instructors. He's the local Casanova and has probably slept with half the women in this room," Jude replied.
I took a good look over Jude's shoulder. Lesley really did seem to be pissed with the guy. And when the bracket finished, she stormed off and returned to her friends.
Jude turned and watched Lesley also, then said, "He's been after her since he arrived here at the start of the season. He won't give up. He's even been spreading the rumour that Lesley is a lesbian."
"Is she?" I asked.
"No. I don't think so. She's a free spirit. But hard to get to know. I've worked with her in the dining room for three months and still don't know her that well."
As we watched, Giovani returned to stand by Lesley and handed her a drink. She took it, turned, and upended the glass into the potted palm beside her. You didn't need to be a lip reader to know what she said to him; she clearly told him to fuck off.
Jude laughed at the expression on my face, "Go and ask her for a dance. You'll find out I'm telling you the truth. She hates smooth bastards like you hitting on her. But I can see that you won't get her out of your system until you've been rejected, so go and give her a try."
"No, I can see that you're right, and I'll leave her alone. But she is stunning, isn't she."
And as the next song started, I whisked Jude off around the floor again. But I couldn't help sneaking glances through the dancing crowd, and when the song finished, Jude gave me a dig in the ribs and thanked me for the dance. She smiled, but I'm sure she was a bit pissed with my inattention to her.
I returned to the group, stood alongside Dennis, and tried not to be too obvious as I watched the four girls.
Lesley stood out amongst them. She was pretty stunning. I consider myself a connoisseur of all things beautiful, and Lesley ticked all the boxes. She was freaking hot. She wore a white blouse tied in a knot above her tummy button. There was a four-inch gap of tanned flesh to a hip-hugging navy blue mini skirt. The outfit highlighted her perfect curves, and her narrow waist highlighted her pert little arse. Glancing around, I could see that most of the other guys in the Club had their eyes on her.
I felt like an arsehole that I couldn't take my eyes off her whist dancing with Jude, but I guessed I was not the first man Jude had had that happen with. The next time I looked over to have a perve on Lesley, I saw Jude whispering in her ear. Then they both looked directly at me, and I flicked my head away, embarrassed to have been caught.
I turned to face Dennis and asked if he had seen anyone he liked.
"Sure," he replied, "That girl you can't take your eyes off is pretty hot. And she's been looking over here. Checking you out."
I spun around and saw Lesley snap her head away. Then I thought, 'What the fuck. You can only get rejected,' and I pushed between the dancers to where Lesley stood.
She looked up as I approached and gave me such a disdained look I nearly balked and turned away. But like an idiot, I walked up to her and asked for a dance, and to my surprise, she nodded and followed me to the dance floor. Knowing I had no chance, I threw all caution to the wind, relaxed, and asked, "Do you come here often," with a cheeky grin.
"I work here," she snapped.
"I know. Jude told me, and she said I had no chance with you, as you're probably a lesbian. She also said the Italian Romeo over there always gives you a hard time. So I thought I'd come over and piss him off."
Lesley smiled, "Well, I may give you two dances then."
"You're even prettier when you smile. What about a kiss as well? That would really piss him off."
Lesley just snorted and shook her head at me. She asked if I was English, as I had an accent.
"No, I've just returned from three years in England, though. I hope it doesn't sound too bad."
We talked between dances, and I managed to get a few more smiles out of her. Then, after trying a slightly dirty joke on her, I got a full-hearted laugh. When the bracket finished, and I went to leave her, she grabbed my arm and asked me to buy her a drink.
We stood at the opposite end of the bar, to where her friends and Giovani were, and I ordered us both drinks.
When she asked me what I was grinning about, I replied, "You're not the stuck-up bitch I was warned about. So I'm happy, that's all."
"Who said that? Jude?" she exclaimed, with a hurt expression on her face.
"No. Jude just told me I had no chance with you. It was one of the guys we met over there. He must have asked you for a dance sometime." I said, pointing to where my mate Dennis was standing with the group of guys.
I asked her about herself, and we started swapping stories about our past. She was very interested in what I thought of England, as she was saving to travel there. I entertained her for the next hour with stories from my travels.
When we finished another bracket on the dance floor, Lesley asked me an unexpected question.
"Are you a good lover?"
I suspected a trap and hesitated. "I'm not sure how to answer that. You really should be asking someone else."
But when she just looked at me inquiringly, I answered, "Well, I think I'm considerate, and I try my best to be. But you can't win them all."
"What do you mean by that?" she asked.
"Well, see my mate over there." And I pointed out Dennis to her. "He always treats women with contempt. He got teased a lot when he was younger, as he was short and overweight. The girls at school called him 'Beach Ball', so he got used to giving them plenty of shit back. He's just never stopped doing it. Most girls will walk away when he starts, but you'd be surprised that some love it. And they're not all scrubbers, either. Some have been very attractive. I have tried my luck with some of his cast-offs, and they never want to know me. I'm just not their type, so that's what I mean by being unable to win them all."
Lesley put her drink down on the bar, took hold of my elbow, and dragged me towards the door.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"To my room. If you play your cards right, you may get lucky. I've not had sex in all my time here, as I get put off by all the sleaze balls hitting on me. But you are right about my wanting to piss Giovani off, so let's go."
I followed Lesley out of the nightclub, down a hallway to the rear of the Chateau where the staff accommodation was. I knew I was probably being used, but didn't give a fuck. If I did get to nail her, I wasn't going to complain.
The room she walked me to was large and had six bunks. Each bunk was about level with my chin, and under it were drawers and a small writing desk. There was a single-doored, floor-to-ceiling wardrobe at one end of each bunk bed, and the side of this doubled as the headboard.
Lesley's bunk was to the right, just inside the door, opposite a window, which meant that the beds across from hers were offset, giving each bed in the room a little privacy. The last bed on the window side of the room had a girl sitting up reading in it. On both sides of the door, we entered through were hooks on which ski gear was hanging. After Lesely introduced me to the girl in the end bed, she motioned me out of sight into that area that had the Ski Gear and began to remove her clothes. I followed suit and, balancing to one foot, removing my jeans, fell against the hanging ski gear and found them still wet.
She whispered to me, "Are you clean."
"Well, I had a shower earlier, but I am probably a little sweaty after all the dancing. Shall we go and shower together?" I asked, hoping she would say yes so I could lather her up and perv on her magnificent body.
"I meant, have you got any venereal diseases?"
"Oh, hell no. I haven't slept with anyone for ages. So no, definitely not."
She left her lingerie on and pulled a sheer light blue nighty over her head.
The disappointment at her leaving her bra and panties on must have shown on my face as she gave me a cheeky smile, wiggled her bum and proceeded to slip her bra off from under her nighty. It always amazes me how women do that. Then she made my night as she slid her knickers down and stepped out of them. I left my briefs on and climbed up onto the bed behind her. There was a wolf whistle from the other girl in the room.
Our end of the room was warmly lit by a night light just inside the door. The far end of the room would have been quite dark if the girl there had not had her reading light on.
"Turn your light out and go to sleep, Liz," snapped Lesley.
Lesley lay on her back and kicked the covers down with her feet, and I climbed in alongside her. There was a lot more room than I expected. The bunk had a full-sized single mattress, not the narrow sponge rubber one you usually associate with a bunk. Lesley lay back and opened her legs, expecting me to climb aboard. But slipped my arm under her neck and cuddled in beside her.
She made to move away and tried to pull me on top. "Come on. Get this over with. The others will be back soon," she whispered.
Whispering, I responded, "No, it's not even 11:00 yet, and besides, I'm in no hurry. If they turn up, we can wait until they are asleep."
She had told me in the nightclub that she had only ever slept with two guys and that they were not great experiences for her. So I didn't want to be another of her disasters. I also knew that if I climbed aboard, I would likely shoot my load within seconds and then get kicked out. So, I was determined to give my best effort and make it memorable for us both.
"I don't want this to take all night. I have to be up to prepare breakfast in the morning. Don't you want me?"
"I certainly do. But you're beautiful, delicious, and fiery, like a baked Alaska pudding. I want to savour you and make you last. I might not even fuck you, as I don't want to fuck you and be disappointed.
Saying this, I sat up, rested my back on the side of the wardrobe, and pulled her up to sit between my legs. She resisted a little, but I persisted and held her in my arms until she relaxed and settled back against me.
"Lift," I ordered, lifting under her armpits and pulling her nighty out from under her butt. Then, letting her drop, I dragged her nighty up and removed it over her head. She fought me; I'm sure she never intended to get nude. But I insisted and then swept my arms around her again, nuzzled into her neck and kissed up to her ears. As she capitulated and slumped against me, I began nibbling on her ear lobes and trying to stick my tongue in her ear.
"Don't, that tickles."
"Mmm, you taste better than Baked Alaska. I want to eat you."
Lesley giggled and pulled the covers up to cover her tits. She held them firmly against her chest, denying me access. But when she lifted a hand to push me away from her ear, I slipped a hand under the cover and circled her left breast before cupping it and tweaking the nipple. She snapped her hand back to push mine away. But I held tight, and as her other hand took up the fight, I dropped my hand that had been fingering her ear to her right breast and began tweaking that nipple also.
Her breasts were incredible, beautifully formed firm globes. They weren't overly large, not much more than a handful. But the nipples were starting to harden, turning me on as much as it was her.
When she let out her first amorous moan, I dropped a hand into her lap and tried to push it between her legs. She clamped her legs together and dropped her hand to hold my wrist.
"Open your legs," I commanded.
She groaned, "Noooo," but complied, relaxing and letting my hand slip into her passion-moistened depths. Oooh fuck, I was hard as a rock, and it was poking into Lesley's back. She squirmed her back against my cock, and commented that it felt big. I told her to stop moving, or I would cum.
Still nibbling on her neck, I lowered both hands, spread her legs wide, and slid a finger as deep as possible.
Lesley twisted her head around, and we kissed, the first of the night. I was surprised she kissed me, I knew her intention was a quick fuck to piss off Giovani, but there was a lot of passion in her kiss. I wanted to climb on top of her and fuck her rotten, but I remembered that I had sworn to myself that I was going to try and make this good for her. And so, I pulled away, rolled on my side and pulled her beside me.
As she searched for my lips and kissed me again, I lifted her leg over mine and slid two fingers into her. For the next good while, she humped against my hips and hand while I nuzzled on her breasts and nipples. She had asked me not to give her a hickey when I nuzzled into her neck, as she said a waitress had once gotten sacked because of that. But now I got the urge to mark her, and I set my mouth on her breast, just above her right nipple, and started to suck. She went nuts, and I thought she was going to cum.
As she had become so passionate and out of it, I decided it was a good time to taste the bearded clam. So I pushed her onto her back and wriggled between her legs. She tried to stop me, moaning she was dirty, but I didn't care and stuck my nose as deep as I could in her slick, hot fanny and then proceeded to lick, slurp, taste, and tongue her until she came. Rolling waves of heat engulfed my face, and her hot nectar ran from her sex. I greedily lapped every drop as she twitched and moaned in ecstasy.
When she had settled somewhat, I crawled beside her, my balls aching as I had been so hard for so long. Lesley saw me clutching my cock and asked if I had come, "No, I'll be alright. Just a case of Blue Balls is all."
Without saying a word, she pushed my hand aside, bent down, and took me in her mouth. I couldn't believe my fucking luck. I was being blown by the most beautiful woman alive. I tried to hold off, wanting this incredible experience to last forever. But I shot my load in less than a minute. As I was about to apologise, I realised she had not let go and was still sucking and swallowing every drop.
"I've never done that before," she proudly stated as she crawled beside me.
We were lying there whispering when the door burst open, and her three roommates walked in. Lesley shrieked and pulled the covers over us. But the girls just filed past, Jude commenting that they knew what we were doing. I started to laugh and had to push my fist in my mouth not to be heard. Lesley asked what I was laughing about.
I whispered to her, "Fuck, imagine if they had come through that door two minutes earlier?"
"Oh god!" And she started to giggle also.
When she calmed down, she told me it was time for me to leave. I didn't want to go. I had not fucked her and decided I wouldn't leave until I had.
"I'm not going yet. We have yet to do what we came here to do. Come and cuddle me."
Amazingly, she accepted this and snuggled in against me, saying we would have to wait until the others were asleep. The next thing I knew, I woke, busting to go and have a pee. The bathroom was out in the hall. I'd seen it earlier when we had arrived at her room. So I tried to crawl over Lesley without waking her. But she came awake and whispered, "Where are you going?"
"To the toilet."
"I need to go as well."
I found my boxers at the bottom of the bed and pulled them on as Lesley pulled her nighty over her head. We crept out of the room together and into the bathroom. There were about five separate shower/toilet cubicles, and Lesley followed me into one of them.
"I thought you would want some privacy," I exclaimed.
"What after what we have done? No, I want to watch you pee. I've never watched that."
So I let her hold my prick and direct it around the toilet as I emptied my bladder. Then I made her sit with her legs wide apart so I could watch her pee. I went to leave, but she grabbed me for a kiss and said we should make love. But I was getting cold. The whole Chateau was heated, but the toilets were not as warm as the bedroom. She argued that her roommates would hear if we did it back in the room. But I said I would be quiet, and took her hand and walked out of the bathroom.
The hall was brightly lit, so following behind her, she may as well have had nothing on; her nighty was so sheer. And I found myself getting hard again watching her pert arse swinging to and fro. At her bunk, she glanced around, saw that everyone was sleeping and pulled her nighty off. I stepped out of my boxers, glanced around, and saw Jude watching me through half-closed eyes. I gave her a wink, turned to climb into the bunk and looked right into Lesley's fanny as she crawled over the side. Life is just so fucking great some days.
Lesley embraced me once I slumped beside her, and my hands immediately went to her breasts. I love tits. Her hand dropped to my Willie, and her breath caught when she found it hard.
"I'm a bit worried about the size of this thing. It's much bigger than the others I've seen."
I whispered, "It's not much bigger than an average one. So the ones you have had must have been small."
"I was going to offer to suck it hard, but I can feel I'm a bit late."
I was impressed to find she liked sucking cocks. That was something I had not expected. And I said, "Walking behind you in the hall, watching your arse sway under that sheer nighty, would make a ninety-year-old priest hard. Now roll over."
She was reluctant to turn away, and I had to help her physically. I think she may have been worried I was going to try anal. But once I had her turned away and was snuggled into her back, I pushed my cock between her legs, reached over, and gripped my knob where it had appeared out the front, nestled against her slit. It was wet from running past the sloppy mess between her legs, and I pressed it against her clit and started to stroke. What a feeling. She was so wet it felt like I had sunk into her fanny. I began some slow sensuous strokes that ran along her slit and had her pushing her butt back to gain more friction.
We did this for a few minutes until she couldn't stand it anymore and began arching her back and hunching her arse around, letting me know she wanted me to put it in. I played with her for another minute, teasing her, making as if I was going to insert it, then making my cock plop out of pussy lips and punch its way over her clit. This action had her letting out rapturous little gasps each time I did it. Finally, I pulled back, spat on my knob, and pressed it against her folds. My knob eased its way past her entrance, and steadying my cock with my hand, I pushed it in.
"Ohhhh," she moaned as her body shuddered and adjusted to my intruding cock. I eased it in slowly so her pussy had time to stretch and accommodate it. She was tight but slippery, so it slid in relatively easily, and I gave her everything in one slow thrust.
When I was pressed hard against her arse cheeks, I pulled back a little, then gave a sharp thrust, hammering him home again. I repeated this and reached around to play with her clit. Lesley lifted her leg and rested her foot on my calf. She was opening herself wide to get more of me. I grabbed one of her hands and guided it down to her cunt. I whispered, "Play with yourself. I want to play with your nipples."
She resisted, but once I forced her fingers onto her clit, she let out a loud groan and began rubbing herself. I moved the hand up and cupped her breast. She pulled her pillow against her face, trying to muffle the sounds she was making, but slight whimpers and mewls escaped into the room anyway. And I knew Jude at least would be playing with herself, listening to our lovemaking. I wondered if any of the other girls were also awake.
"Holy shit!" I exclaimed," Your cunt is so tight."
She moaned, "Nooo." But I knew she was getting off on my talking dirty as she stretched out and spread her legs obscenely wide. She was incredibly turned on, and I suspected she was going to orgasm any minute.
I was not ready to cum, so I pulled out and rolled onto my back. Lesley gave a startled cry, "What are you doing?"
"Come and lie on top of me, you were about to cum, and I don't want you to cum yet. I want this to last."
Her urgency made me laugh. She spun around and climbed on top of me, quick as a flash. I wriggled myself to the centre of the bed. Her hand searched for my greasy cock and directed it back into her hungry fanny.
As she settled herself onto me, I grabbed both breasts, cupping their entirety and using my thumb and forefinger on each nipple. She sat erect and began to jerk her hips on my swollen prick. I dropped a hand to part her thick mass of blond pubic hair so I could more clearly watch my cock sliding home and gave her clit a squeeze whilst I was at it.
She had a very pronounced mound with dark pink labia, much like the colour of her nipples, and her hole was gaping open, swallowing my prick. She leaned forward and pushed hard onto me, trying to get more stimulation. My view of her vulva diminished, so I returned to her breasts and kneaded and pinched her nipples.
Again, she began to grow urgent, and I knew she was on the verge of a massive orgasm. She clutched at me as I rolled out from under to change positions, trying to keep me in place.
"On your hands and knees," I ordered.
Again, her haste to comply made me chuckle. Once she was in position, I lined up behind her and slid my prick home. It was like sliding into a warm, moist, silken glove, a perfect fit. I slid in easily and wondered at her, worrying about my size, as she had no trouble taking it all. I began to fervently thrust into that throbbing, pulsing, succulent cunt. Oh, it was so fucking incredible, and at last, I felt the beginnings of my climax building.
I leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "I'm going to cum. Reach under and bring yourself off."
She dropped her head onto the pillow, moved her knees further apart for balance, and her hand disappeared between her legs. I knew she found her clit, as she lit up, and her hips went into overdrive, grinding herself back against me.
She came before me, and it was a doozy, her body shuddering in the throes of her orgasm. She cried out into the silent room. If the other girls had not been awake, they must be now. Then just as quickly as she had cum, all her muscles relaxed, and she slumped down onto the bed, her legs jerking in one last spasmodic quiver.
Her collapsing suddenly leaving me still on my knees, with my cock waving around in the fresh air. So, as I ejaculated moments later, I spurt all over her back, almost to her shoulders. I grabbed my shaft and bent my cock, so that the next two spurts landed in her butt checks. Then amazingly, she spun around and took me in her mouth, sucking like crazy to get the last vestiges of my ejaculation.
I reached behind and grabbed a towel I had seen hanging on the end of the bunk and used it to clean my mess from her back. I softly rubbed along the clean curve of her shoulders and down to her butt. Then, pushing her away from my now incredibly sensitive prick, I wiped the sweat from her brow, her soft rising mounds and the hollow between them. Those twin globes were rapidly rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath, and I marvelled at the outward swelling curves, each tipped with a perky hard nipple. Fuck! I thought to myself. You're a dirty, rotten, lucky bastard.
As I collapsed onto the bed, I pulled her down beside me.
"Thank you," she murmured, "That was incredible."
"I should be thanking you. It was exceptional for me also. Maybe the best I have ever had."
We lay quietly together, and I listened to movements from the other bunks. I almost expected applause, but the bunk room remained silent apart from the rustling of sheets. I thought about getting dressed and heading back to my cabin. But I must have dozed off, as the next I knew, I was coming slowly awake with someone holding my morning hard.
As Lesley felt me come awake, she whispered, "Wake up, Dave. I have to get ready for breakfast in half an hour."
And she pulled me over on top of her. I lifted onto my elbows and again gazed appreciatively at her beautiful features. She was looking exceptional, even just waking up and with no makeup. Her rating was a solid ten. Even eleven or twelve, if there was such a thing.
She guided my prick between her legs, and I slid into her easily. I had hardly started thrusting when Liz walked past us, fully dressed. She gave us a dirty grin and said, "Well, Giovani is not going to say you are a lesbian anymore." And she left the room.
I looked down at Lesley. She wasn't embarrassed, and when I commented on that, she said, "I've listened to all the girls make love in here over the last three months, so they can't complain."
"Where is Liz going, "I asked.
"One of us always starts an hour early. That's why she didn't come to the Club last night."
I resumed our lovemaking, and I'm sure she came again, but she was very quiet that time. She left to shower. I took my time getting dressed and then sat at the desk under her bunk until she returned. We walked to the side door, and after a passionate kiss, I made my way through the early morning cold back to the cabin.
My mate Dennis woke when I entered and gave me shit about leaving him on his own. Then he laughed and wanted all the details. I don't think he truly believed I scored with such a beautiful woman.
We were up on the ski field at 9:00 and packed it in at about 3:00 to drive back to Auckland. I wish I could say I saw Lesley again, but I never did. She was from a small town near Greymouth on the West Coast of the South Island, and she never gave me her address or phone number.