I knew that Salinger wanted me to take the sexual lead more often; to be more creative, more aggressive. But I also knew that when I was he would usually pull back; mixed signals that infuriated me. I would get turned on, get inspired, try to execute that inspiration on Salinger; only to have him pull back on me, leaving me feeling rejected and downright shitty. Eventually, after much observation, I had an epiphany: Men needed to be treated like woman.
This realization came after we got carried away on the famous Vienna Ferris wheel. We were both as turned on as jackrabbits on heat after having just explored one of those very European railway station adult shops. So when we found ourselves alone at dusk half way up the Vienna skyline in one of the little gondolas of the Ferris wheel we could not help ourselves. A single touch quickly lead to our hands reaching for each other, then a hot embrace as I moved to straddle Salinger's lap on the padded bench seat and leant forward to thrust my tongue inside him.
The wheel's halting journey ensured we had some time as those cabins reaching the ground where slowly emptied and filled; time to really get each other going. So when his hands began to move up under my blouse I felt my breasts craving his touch. Looking over Salinger's shoulder I noticed that the city lights now coming on where reflecting off the windows of the cabins in front of and behind us in such a way as to make it almost impossible to see inside the darker cabins.Perfect, I thought, as I reached down and pulled my tight top above my breasts then lent forward to place first one then the other of my aching nipples between his hungry lips. From that position it was only natural that his hands found their way around my buttocks and up under my skirt; only natural that my knickers get dropped, that his fingers slid up into me, that his cock came out, and that my craving wet pussy pull me down to be filled by it.
Oh, but that always felt so good; the first rush of being filled. Then the feeling of wetness growing in his lap while I rubbed myself down onto him as we rose ever higher over the rooftops of Vienna to meet again the setting sun that turned the sky to fire all around us.
It was when we had almost reached the apex of our journey, the point where we would draw level with the gondola ahead of us, the point that Salinger whispered, 'We are being watched.'
I spun my head around to see a couple staring slightly down at us from behind their pain of glass - now close enough and level enough that the reflection of the lights no longer rendered us invisible. She was opened mouthed and frozen in disbelief. I immediately moved to pull out and cover up, but Salinger held me tight.
'Wait,' he said, as he began to move again inside me, small movements of his hips. 'They're enjoying it.'
The wheel stopped again, the gondolas rocking us on their hinges.
'Look,' said Salinger.
I turned around slowly again. The guy's arm was wrapped around her waist, but with his hand pressed down over her mound and his fingers moving in small circles. Her open mouth now only partially shocked. I smiled at them, then turned back to Salinger to renew my pleasure at working Salinger's cock inside me; our heightened arousal leaving no doubt that we both possessed an exhibitionist streak.
Looking forward again over Salinger's shoulder I checked the other gondola following us. It was still slightly below us, and from the three sets of feet I could see that the occupants were all focused on the view out the far side. But would they turn around to look the other way once they got on top?Shit, I thought, while deep within me my sex organs convulsed in pleasure at the same thought.
Behind me Salinger's hands were working my ass, slowly rising up. I felt the air's coolth caress the fluids leaking from my snatch and then cool further up as my skirt was pushed ever higher, exposing us fully to our audience.
One of Salinger's hands suddenly left my cheek, lowering my skirt.
'Oh no, you don't!' he said.
'What?' I asked, as his hand returned.
'Oh, not you. The dude was just raising his phone to take a photo. But he's put it away.'
'We could have been famous,' I laughed.
'Not on my bucket list,' said Salinger. 'But this certainly is ...' as he flipped my skirt all the way onto my back and gave my rump a good slap.
With the little interruption now over we could get back to taking the pleasure we all craved, and we did so with gusto. Salinger devouring each of my breasts in turn while rhythmically pulling my ass hard against him with both hands while I worked his erection with my pussy like a fighter pilot working his joystick in a dogfight.
I glanced around to see that our budding paparazzi had lifted the front of his lady's little black dress enough to slip his hand deep inside her red lace panties - cute. Her pleasure obvious in the way she had interlaced her fingers of her left hand with those of his other hand that was busy kneading her breasts. Her right hand was pushed palm out hard against the glass in front of her. Her beautiful face slightly blurred by the ring of condensation pulsing amoeba like on the glass only inches in front of her with her every breath.
He was pushing hard against her. I imagined her pleasure of feeling his hard cock rubbing between her buttock cheeks.Will she take it out?I hoped, as I felt Salinger's rhythm begin to break.
He was getting close. I loved feeling him loose control, feeling his suffering agony. His orgasms usually so intense that he would desperately try to grab me tight to prevent my further movement; his pleasure too much to bare. I, of course, would fight him every inch, try to grind him even harder, especially when, like now, he had not yet made me cum.
But there it was, his final shudder, that warm gush of his million little sperm cells rocket-launched deep inside me. God that felt good! Not only the sex, or the conquest, or the power that I had over him, or any man, in that moment, but something primal in my womb wanting every one of those little frantic flapping fuckers sucked high up into me. A feeling that reached its peak during my ovulation, to the point that I felt a little sadness for every drop that leaked out. At other times I could give myself the pleasure of kneeling over his face and watch his mixture of pleasure and revulsion as his own creamy-white pussy-warmed sperm dripped out of me onto his face, onto his tight clenched lips. But not during ovulation, no way, then every drop was mine!
Though not today. Today I could enjoy the feeling of his sperm and my pussy juice cool as they leaked passed my swollen petals down onto his already shrinking dick. We really were giving our audience a good show! But not being done yet and still as horny as hell I lifted my hips up to offer my craving pussy to Salinger's face, praying he had it in him, knowing it would not take much of his expert tongue to finish me off.
But then the carriage jerked and we began to move again. And in that instance the Sex God to whom I had offered my lotus offering was gone, replaced by a mere mortal man of shame and fear and guilt. He began to cover me up, to look guiltily over his shoulder.
'Don't stop!' I cried. 'Don't worry, I'll warn you if the others turn around.'
He did try a few more feeble licks, I'll give him that, but it was no use, his energy was gone. The moment I paused he squirmed to get out from under me, while trying to simultaneously wipe his face, smooth my skirt over my rump and pull his own pants back up. Actions that suddenly just made me feel really shitty, rejected, used.
The sad feelings did not last long. Salinger is a sweetheart and by the time the wheel had moved us halfway down the other side we were sitting demurely in each other's arms on a still dry part of the bench, holding hands, watching the night time persona of old Vienna come to life around us. We even laughed at the fickle nature of human desire; as Salinger said: 'Us men like to bitch about woman being "hormonal", but Christ, have we not looked at ourselves? When I am horny,' he continued, 'I have the courage of a despot in his harem. I can service you any place and anytime. But the moment my balls are emptied a switch is flicked and I suddenly feel shocked at the position I find myself in. The contrast is so powerful; it is like we are possessed. I do not even know that person, that Casanova.'
'Are you regretting it?' I said, suddenly feeling a little hurt again.
'No!' He said. 'Not at all. Not now, a few minutes later with my pants back on. Now my ego gladly claims ownership of that moment and feels proud. But in those few moments directly after exploding, when, back home in the safety of our bed I would be floating half asleep in post-coital bliss, when my dick has switched off and is passing control back to my head, then my mind, my normal timid mind, looks at what has been done it its name, the carnal carnage that has been wrought, and shudders in horror as it frantically kicks into damage control.'
'So men really do think with their dicks?'
'Oh, leading up to that moment, God yes! I totally get how preachers caught with an altar boy or two under their robes would claim that they had been possessed. It really feels like that.'
'So, would you rather we don't get naughty on Ferris Wheels?' I asked.
'Not at all! Bring on the Ferris Wheels. As I said, firstly it does not take long before our ego then kicks in and gladly claims that moment to make me feel proud of it, and then, short of chopping my nuts off, we can always count on my hormones to quickly start flowing again.'
'For your little devil to possess you again?' I said, laughing.
'Or you!' he replied, placing his hand over my mound.
It was then, while thinking back over past lovers, that I had my Eureka moment: I realized that they were all the same; raging bulls when their testosterone was flowing - when they had "balls" - and pussies the moment their nuts disengaged and the testosterone stopped. This was never more obvious than during their post-ejaculation slump, but could be in effect at any time. Come on to men when they are "hot" and you can literally grab them by the balls; do the same when they are not, and you will be reeling from the rejection for a week! Exactly like woman.
And their balls could be such grouchy little beasts when asleep and guarded by that timid, logical mind of theirs,I thought, chuckling to myself.
The question was how could we get through to that little dick brain when we needed it; without facing cataclysmic rejection; and not just by waiting around for the damn thing to finally wake up? Did our sex lives really depend on the chance random coming together of our respective horniness cycles, and at times that did not also clash with our overscheduled lives?
The problem haunted me. I now thought about it constantly; bitched about it to all my friends. It was while doing so to Brad and a small gaggle of his gay entourage that he handed me the answer on a platter. 'Oh deary,' he said in his excruciatingly strong and masculine Australian accent, 'You said it yourself; we're all pussies. Even the toughest heterosexual jock is, without his dick, a timid little princess screaming to be swept off his feet.'
'A princess?' I asked, incredulous; my fantasy image of George Clooney suddenly shattered.
'Wearing a lavender tutu,' he added.
'Jocks, wanting to be swept off their feet?'
'Honey, of course! We all want to be seduced.'
'No way!'
'You forget that your best ally in your battle to get through to our dick-brains is our ego.'
'Our ego?' I asked. 'I thought the ego was part of the problem, one of the guards?
'Only Because it's jealous of the dick's attention. Think of the ego as a narcissistic bouncer to the best club in town, permanently miffed that it is never allowed in to join the party - you need flattery to get you in.'
'So our egos want nothing more than the attention of being seduced.' I said.
'And will, in return, offer you the invisibility cloak you need to get passed his brain.'
Over the next few weeks I tested and fine tuned the theory. Then, after learning much I decided to put it to the test; I would get Salinger to do something completely out of his sexual comfort zone, and to ensure that it was me controlling this and not his balls I would initiate my seduction attack within 12 hours of his last orgasm.
I had planned everything impeccably; chose the method, a suitable day, booked the right restaurant with the perfect table and spent hours staking out the perfection location for the grand finale. But after Salinger took me the night before I was worried I would not be able to follow my 12 hour rule. However, when we woke up that Saturday morning I was able to take full advantage of his morning glory to reset the clock.
I then got to work: Still in his post-orgasm stupor I told his ego how wonderful it had felt what he had done to me the night before. I then made sure I was showered before breakfast and wore only a thin cotton singlet that barely covered my ass and showed my breasts to their best. I then set our breakfast out on our little balcony table. We lived on a quiet street, but it was narrow and we were only one floor up, and the morning sun glowing on my bare legs and thin cotton cover would leave little to the imagination of Salinger or our neighbors and any passers-by. I felt beautiful, confident, horny and strong, and it felt good.
Salinger, predictably after I had earlier shut down his balls, was another matter. 'Don't you want to put on some trousers?' he asked.
'Why?'
'People could see you; our railing is not exactly solid.'
'Oh, stop it. I'm not man-spreading, everything is covered. Besides, I'm feeling sexy, thanks to you last night,' I added, touching his leg for emphasis, 'so why not spread the joy?'
He let it go for a while as we chatted a bit and caught up on the news and our social networks on our phones.
But then his ego bit the first hook. 'So, you enjoyed last night?' he asked.
I looked up slowly and smiled at him. 'Wonderful! Whatever you did has still got me horny.'
He almost blushed. But I knew more work was required when he nodded a warning towards my right breast, where my nipple was barely keeping the singlet from falling off after I had earlier encouraged the strap to slip down my shoulder.
'I know, the sun feels wonderful,' I countered, and, as I slipped the other strap into the same position, 'But I should tan them evenly.' The poor man did not know what to say to that so went back to his phone.
After a while I put the straps back up before standing to clear the table; but making sure that Salinger noticed my breasts hanging free and my shirt riding up my rump as a leaned forward to do so.
I went to dress, choosing a light white cotton summer dress with a red floral print that showed my legs and matched my toenail varnish, then went to tell Salinger I was dropping books off at the library. I made sure to give him a goodbye hug and was relieved when his hand dropped to my bum cheek - his predictability was sometimes useful.
'You're not wearing knickers,' he said.
'Shhh, don't tell. I shaved this morning and I'm still a bit tender. Hopefully the wind doesn't pick up,' I added with a wink.
'May I see?' he asked with pleading eyes , his hand maneuvering to get under my skirt.
I let his fingers just caress my lips before I gently pulled away. 'Later, if you're good,' I said. 'I won't be gone long.'
I added that last bit on purpose; my teasing was clearly starting to work and the last thing I needed was for him to take care of himself while I was gone. At least not unplanned.
Perfect, I thought, as I hurried out the door, almost forgetting the books I was supposed to be returning. The library was only a short walk from our apartment. As soon as I had dropped off my returns I went to find the book I wanted; The Spanish Inquisition by Joseph Perez, with its graphic cover depiction of half naked "witches" ready for burning. I then found one of the empty reading chairs in a quiet corner, sat down, spread my legs, pulled up my skirt, tucked the book face up between my thighs right up against my shaven pussy, and snapped a couple of picture of the ensemble with my phone.
I chose the one I wanted, deleted the rest, and sent him the first TXT.
- Are you be'n good
- Yes??
- In that case, as promised ...
Then, using the self-destruct messaging app Burn Note set to 45 minutes I sent the chosen picture above the caption 'Intellectual stimulation'. The image being the one where the fingers of my free hand were spreading my shaved labia just wide enough for my slightly swollen clitoris to be seen peeking out at the book between my legs. I then took a moment to check my dress was properly smoothed down before sending the last message:
- Meeting Jen. Back in 1 hr.
A blatant lie; instead I headed directly home. But would he take the bait? Had I tantalized him enough? And would I catch him with my intellectual pussy picture in his free hand, or some internet porn, or worse, the yummy mummy from two floors up?
It was therefore with pounding heart and rising doubt that I hurried back to our building. I glanced up to check there was no Salinger reading on the balcony. A good sign. I let myself into the lobby and, with keys ready, headed quickly up the one flight of stairs. I had just silently unlocked the door and was about to slip in when Yummy Mummy came beaming down the stairs behind me. It was not without relief that I frantically indicated to her to keep her usual cheery greeting to herself. How could any person always be so damn happy, and cute, and energetic, and that with a six month old baby on her arm! But thankfully she was also smart enough to get my signals in time.
'What's going on?' she mouthed with a questioning shrug.
'I'll tell you later,' I mouthed back, as I slipped in, not knowing how the hell I would explain.
This is crazy, I thought, as a gently pulled the door closed behind me, ears straining for any indication of where Salinger might be and what he might be doing. One thing was certain, I had to look completely natural when he first saw me just in case he was not doing what I was hoping. But that fear evaporated as I moved down our short passage and caught the first faint sound of flesh rubbing on flesh. I froze.Oh my god!I had never seen this before. I mean, I've had the odd lover masturbate for me, on me, against me, over me, but I had never caught anybody in the private act, and certainly never secretly watched them.Exciting!
I pulled out my phone, double checked it was on silent mode and edged forward. The sounds were coming from the lounge. I heard a pleasurable 'Fuuuck!' coming from deep within him. Damn, he had better not cum before I could catch him. I started the video recorder and edged around the corner. And there he was; sitting on the couch, back to me, his phone in one hand, dick in the other, pounding his python. It was all I could do not to giggle. I glanced at my phone to check I was getting it all; judging by his body language he was really getting off but it also looked like I still had a few more moments to enjoy the spectacle.
My initial reaction had been to giggle, I mean, it really does look silly, but now it was starting to turn me on; knowing that he was thinking about me, looking at a photo of my pussy in his hand, the same naked pussy that was getting turned on between my legs. Goodness it was all I could do to not ride him right then and there. But I was on a mission and I had to keep him horny for a good while longer. I switched off the camera, tapped a few keys into Burn Note then lowered the phone.
'Hi honey,' I said, moving around to the armchair on his left.
'Jesus!!' he shouted, trying to jump up, but falling back in a tangle of pants and dick and phone, with the latter falling pussy side up at my feet. 'You're meant to be at Jen's!' he added as he looked frantically from dick to phone trying to decide which was more incriminating.
I reached for his phone as he then tried to sheath his rapidly shrinking dick. 'Wait,' I said, as I moved over to him and dropped to my knees. 'Don't put it away.'
'What ...?'
'This is so hot,' I said, as I lowered myself between his legs. 'You fantasizing about me.' I handed his phone back to him, photo up. 'Jerking off to me.' I reached between his legs to take both his testicles and his dribbling semi-flaccid penis into my hand and lifted them towards me.
'I ...'
'Shhhh,' I said, leaning forward to lick a small dribble of pre-cum from his tip, savor it, then take him into my mouth.
'Oh fuck,' he groaned.
I sucked him just long enough to enjoy the feeling of control I got as he became erect inside my mouth. Then I stopped, and moving to the armchair next to him said, 'Ok, here's the down and dirty, if you'll excuse the pun: We made a deal two weeks ago.'
'You can't be --'
'Serious? It was your idea, Salinger. "No masturbating for a month," you said. You wanted to see how it affected our sex life.'
'I know, honey,' tried Salinger. 'But you sent me the picture!'
'And I have just sent another.' I tossed my phone into his lap, just missing his again shrinking penis. 'Hit play.'
I continued as the sound of Salinger's snake slapping began to emit from my phone, 'I have just sent that clip, encrypted, via Burn Note, to three of your friends and three of mine.'
'You didn't!'
'Don't worry, they don't have the password to open it, yet, and it will self-destruct at noon tomorrow. But, unless you do exactly as I say they will get the password exactly 1 hour earlier.'
'So I just have to prevent you sending it,' said Salinger, holding tightly onto the phone.
I laughed, 'Oh how I pity men who underestimate woman. No, the password email is set to auto-send from myworkcomputer tomorrow. Honey,' I said, reaching for his testicles, 'I got you by the balls!'
There was a moment's silence as Salinger digested the implications.
'Which friends?' he asked, weighing the risks.
'You'll know when they get the message.'
'Oh, come on!'
'Ok, I can tell you that one of them is your mother.'
'Oh, come ON! That's just cruel!'
'Do as I say and she will never get it.'
'Well what am I supposed to do?'
And that is when I slid down slightly in the armchair, bent my knees to place one foot on each corner of the coffee table and lifted my dress over my freshly shaven and still very naked pussy. 'Strip. Then lick.'
'Well, that I can handle,' said Salinger, smiling as he moved over, letting his pants drop to the ground as he did so, his penis already starting to twitch upward.
'After that you will scrub the bathroom --'
'Seriously?'
'Naked! And get to work,' I added, pointing between my legs.
The rest of the morning was a treat. After getting licked to orgasm I remained draped naked over the couch, the sun streaming over me, texting tidbits to Jen who kept begging for pictures and flooding me with ideas of what else I could make Salinger do. Next I made him sit on the floor in front of me and massage my feet while I slowly caressed myself between texts to Jen - and sharing some of her best responses with Salinger, but never those that made me laugh the loudest.
His poor penis was working overtime, engorging and deflating with alternating fear and arousal like a foundry bellows; every cycle causing drops of frustrated pre-cum to leak from his tip. Every time I noticed this I would make him stand spread legged beside me to milk him. First I would squeeze and roll his balls in my hand till the point of pain (this part achieved nothing, but it was fun), then, with two fingers of my left hand, I would push up along his perineum from his anus to his ball sack to squeeze his fluid from his prostate into his shaft, and finally, with the thumb and pointer finger of my right hand encircling the base of his shaft I would squeeze tight and pull up to his tip to milk his crystal clear lubricant out onto my finger tips. It was the best stuff with which to massage my nipples and clitoris while he worked my feet. But the final slither I would always be sure to suck off his tip to ensure his continued attention and pleasure - a bored toy is really no fun.
Later, after having him varnish my toenails, I sent him into the kitchen for an Americano. A too long period of quiet got me suspicious enough to call him out. Rightly so, as there he sheepishly stood looking down at a rather red looking erection; one that had not been present when he had left.
I called him over to stand right next to me, took a close up photo of the evidence and, as he watched, sent it to Jen with the caption "BEFORE".
'You can't do that!' he cried.
'I can, and more,' I said. 'Bend over.'
'What?'
'Face away from me and touch your toes,' I commanded. I think he thought I was going to photograph his butt hole. Instead I slapped his left cheek as hard as I could.
'What the fuck!' he yelped, jumping up grabbing his tight little butt cheek with both hands. 'That really fucking hurt!'
'Oh, stop bitching. It's quite simple really; you touch you pay. Now bend over again.'
'No way!'
'Yes way! But don't worry, no more slaps. Now turn around and bend over.' I had to laugh as I saw the perfect red hand shaped welt that had appeared on his ass. 'Spread 'em.' I commanded. I wanted to be sure to capture his now very limp dick hanging down between his legs.
'Click.'
"AFTER" I typed.
<Send>
'Who the hell are you sending those to?' he asked.
'Just Jen.'
'No way!'
'What? You don't like the idea of Jen seeing you naked, aroused?'
'She's ...'
'What? Hot?' I replied, knowing full well that Salinger found her attractive.
'Well, yeah. But ...'
'She thinks you're kind of cute too, you know,' I interjected, remembering the importance of making an ally of the man's ego. I flicked back to the photo of Salinger's erection and held it up for him to see. 'I wonder if this is turning her on right now. You think she is busy touching herself under her desk at work while looking at this? Let me ask her,' I added, turning the phone back to me as if to text her. 'Maybe she's busy slipping her finger between her petals, but really wishing it was your hard thing?' I said, nodding toward Salinger's dick which had involuntarily started to twitch up again. 'Oh my God!' I said in mock shock. 'You really do have the hots for her!'
'Hang on!' he said. 'That's not fair. That's ...'
'Entrapment?'
'Exactly!'
'It's the truth, is what it is. And about time I put a stop to it,' I added, getting up. 'Come with me.'
I then led Salinger into our bedroom where I pulled a pair of my black stockings and a garter belt from my cupboard and made Salinger put them on. I then photographed him from the neck down, teetering on my heeled black sandals in front of the full length mirror so that both his front and back, including my handprint on his ass, were clearly visible. It was only after sending the photo to Jen that I noticed the "string of pearls" glistening in the morning light as it reached down from the tip of Salinger's again very flaccid penis. I laughed, but thought it wise to keep that last bit to myself.
'Right, I think that takes care of that. Every time you think of Jen sexually, you will know that this is the image she now has of you in her head.'
'You can be a real bitch you know,' said Salinger.
'Hey, who's the one thinking about shagging my best friend?' I replied, as I playfully pushed Salinger down onto the bed. 'Who is the one getting turned on by the thought of her masturbating to pictures of you?' As I spread his black stockinged legs and reached for his limpness.
'Come on,' he said, as I took him into my mouth. 'You really can't blame me. You guys are both really hot!'
'I know,' I said. 'I get turned on by her too.'
'You what?'
But I ignored him, reaching back instead into the cupboard to pull out two pairs of handcuffs; the fluffy pink cheap sex shop variety. I then moved forward, grinning down at him till I was sitting on his face, wet pussy directly over his mouth. He was loving it and therefore made no complaints as I stretch his arms back to cuff each to a corner of the bed frame.
'But now I need a shower,' I said, swinging my legs over to dismount him.
'Oh Christ! Don't stop again,' he begged.
'Quit bitching, Slave. I want a shower and you are not going to be playing with yourself while I do.' I said, switching on the telly and hitting play on my phone where I had preloaded choice scenes from Tristan Taormino's Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Woman, before leaving him to his education.
After a quick rinse in the shower I got the bathroom ready for Salinger by replacing the shower head with a beautiful chrome plated douche attachment. I then bounded naked out of the bathroom and onto the bed where Salinger was looking bug-eyed aroused and frustrated at the screen.
'Did you enjoy that?' I asked, hitting pause on the phone, leaving a frozen close-up on the screen of Tristan's cunt being licked by one of her co-stars while directly behind it a large cock is sunk deep into her wide stretched anus.
'What's not to like?' asked Salinger, as I snuggled down beside him, head resting on his lap inches from his balls. 'Are you dropping hints?' he continued. 'Because I am all in if you are.'
'Oh, no hints,' I said while kissing the base of his scrotum and spreading his still leaking pre-cum over his plum. 'Iwilltake you up the ass before the day is done.'
'What! Me?' He replied.
'Of course.'
'But in the movie its she who gets...'
'Oh dear, yes,' I said, as I got up to transfer one of the cuffs from the bedpost to his other wrist then released him from the bed. 'But one really needs to learn to love oneself before one can learn to love others. Don't you think? So, into the bathroom with you. I want you clean, inside and out. You just saw how to do it. You will find what you need in there.'
I had him keep the door open and did spot checks to make sure he wasn't cheating on me with his right hand and Tristan on his mind. But he was mostly good. And when he came out I was ready for him. Laid out on the edge of the bed was a bottle of lube, a few pairs of surgical gloves, and a row of anal probes in increasing sizes.
I re-cuffed him to the bed posts, but this time kneeling toward the head of the bed and bent forward like he was praying, arms spread out and butt up, knees apart. Looking left he could see himself in all his glory reflected in the double mirror on the wardrobe door. I made sure he was watching as I pulled the first glove tight over my right hand and then immediately poked my finger into his butt.
'Ouch!' he said. 'Easy!'
'Now let that be a lesson to you,' I replied as I reached for the lube. 'Your little butt hole is just like my pussy,' I flipped the lid off the lube, 'capable of many wonders,' and squeezed a generous snake of clear cold gel all the way up his crack. 'But first it has to be prepared and enticed from its timid slumber.' I placed my gloved hand between his cheeks and massaged the lube between his legs and deep into his crack, over his balls and down along his rapidly hardening shaft. Fore and aft, fore and aft, pausing at both ends to role his plum between my fingers or trace little circles around his hole. Both were responding beautifully. 'Don't worry. I won't hurt you again. At least not without first warning you.'
'Excuse me?'
'Relax. I promise I will first warn you before I push your boundaries,' I said, moving my attention more and more to his erection, feeling his rising anticipation. 'Feeling good?'
'Oh yes,' he moaned.
He was ready. I moved my left hand to his shaft to keep him worked up and slid my right hand down to now work his hole; little circles getting ever smaller with ever increasing pressure. Once I found the bulls eye I placed the pad of the tip of my pointer finger directly over his hole, then slowly tilted it forward till my finger tip just slipped in.
'Ooh!' said Salinger.
Wow. Tristan was right, the trick worked. I held finger tip there for a while, waiting for Salinger to relax, then slipped it out again, gathered more lube over his hole, and repeated. Each time sliding a little deeper with the help of the increasing quantities of lube pushed inside him. It really was quite fun watching my finger slowly disappear, penetrating him, feeling his fear give way to pleasure. God it made me feel powerful!
His sphincter gripped my finger with a pressure that surprised me, and pushing against it just a little too much clearly hurt Salinger. How was I ever going to achieve my goal. Would he ever be able to take me? But then I remembered more of Tristan's advice.
'Push down,' I said. To which he pushed back his hips. 'No! Not like that, like you are trying to push a big poop out.'
'That's exactly what I'm trying not to do!' said Salinger. 'I don't know what'll come out, and your finger is triggering a really strong reflex in their!'
'First off, Slave, I don't pay you to think, and secondly, I had you clean yourself out way too well to worry about that. Now tell me at what position my finger triggers the strongest reflex?'
'Kind of just in the entrance, but in the front; when your finger is curled toward my front.'
'Like that?' I asked, doing as he said, massaging my finger around.
'Oh shit! Yes!' he said, laughing, trying to hold back again. 'It's like when my shit reaches that part it triggers me to go to the loo and open up.'
'Don't hold back! Push,' I commanded.
And as soon as he did his sphincter opened and my finger could slip right in, up to the next knuckle.
'Ooh aah!' said Salinger.
Now I could work my finger in and out easily, every time a little deeper. Pausing now and then, twisting it a little around, curling it down to feel for his prostate. Oh, he liked that.
'Now close your eyes and turn your head the other way,' I commanded. I reached down for the vaginal douche that I had prepared earlier with a full charge of lube. I spread lube over the probe with my gloved finger, then touched the tip to his hole. Immediately his sphincter tightened to the strange sensation.
'Relax,' I repeated, but more to heighten his anticipation, as the probe was considerably narrower and more tapered than my finger and would now slide in easily. After making sure the tip was properly in I gave the rest a quick push and plunged it suddenly deep into him while giving the bulb a good squeeze, squirting the cold lube deep inside his butt.
'Wow! What the fuck was that?'
'I just came inside you,' I said. Then I quickly withdrew the douche and replaced it with my finger before his hole could tighten again. His cavity full of cold lube felt all squishy around my finger. Now I could really work him. But I still had to be a bit careful; I had read the advice "No hard thrusts or even prods until he begs for it. Take your time first feeling around." And that is what I did; I was amazed at how much like a vagina it felt. A tight warm sensitive pleasure hole surrounded by mucous membranes that, I had also read, would lubricate themselves given the right incentive, and complex muscles designed to relax and open to the right stimulation. When I prodded too hard and too early I felt him wince, but gently massaging that area a bit longer and it would literally open to invite me still deeper. Before long I could get a second finger in, then a third; the lube squeezing between the gaps of my fingers with every inward thrust to drip down his perineum and over his balls from where my left hand would spread it all over his aroused cock and balls. Tristan promised that if I took my time to knead and caress his ass into submission I would eventually be able to work my fist in there as he screamed for me to stop and then beg me for more while his dick dribbled cum for hours like an un-milked udder.
Well, no way he was ready for my fist yet, but he was certainly pushing back onto me for more and his dick was definitely dribbling; a sure sign that his prostate was full to overflowing and begging for a massage. But first I wanted to explore some more.
With three fingers now inside him I could really probe his depths. Kneeling beside him I could easily curl my fingers back to feel the hard curved plate of the inside of his pelvis reaching up from his coccyx to his spine. Here, at his deepest point my finger tips felt his "cervix"; a firm round donut shaped muscle that holds the large intestine closed. I let my three finger tips twirl around it, over it, let my longest finger tickle the donut's hole to try to work inside. No chance. Not yet at least. But then I curled my pointer finger around to tickle his push reflex; immediately his innards dropped down and opened onto my still extended middle finger.What an incredible system, I thought.
I gave his penis head a bit of attention then to relax him again while slowly turning my fingers around inside him so I could now curl them all down toward his penis, his prostate, his male g-spot, that was found in exactly the same position as mine. I moved my three fingers in, curled them around and over his g-spot, then back out again, and then slowly repeated. "No rush," Tristan had said. "It feels good immediately, but built it slowly and be amazed." And I was. Watching Salinger writhe in agonizing pleasure was such a joy. 'Stop, stop!' He would cry as his entire innards pushed against me, trying to expel me. Then, a moment later, as I slowly pulled my fingers out, 'No, noo! Not yet. Keep going!'
And I did, slow rhythmic massage of his g-spot as the pressure built and he began to leak in earnest, a small but steady dribble.
'Are you cuming!?' I asked.
'I'm not.'
'You know the rules. No cuming.'
'It's just leaking!' he said. 'I swear!'
'You never leak that much,' I said, teasing him, but not letting up on the pressure, 'and it's not clear, it's milky. You are cuming!'
'God I wish you would let me, but I swear I'm not!'
'Well, we can't have it going to waste,' I said, spreading his legs wide, then maneuvering myself down between them, my fingers still in his ass, my face collecting a streak of his cum from head to chin as I shuffled up beneath him until his tip was twitching inches from my lips.
'Oh Christ!' was all Salinger could manage as his flow resumed to my continued massage of his prostate. My left hand held his balls tight, using them like a joystick to direct his dripping cock directly over and around my open mouth. I glanced over at the mirror and caught his stunned, disbelieving eyes.
'Who the fuck are you?' he asked, grinning. 'And what have you done to my wife?!'
'Quit your bitching, or I stop.' I replied, returning my attention to his pleasure, reaching up with my tongue to probe the entrance to his penis.
But his groans were getting too intense, his calls for more too insistent, it really looked like I was about to make him explode. So I lifted my head one more time, took him deep into my throat, resisted the momentary gag reflex, then sucked hard as I pulled back with my tongue clamped firmly down onto his urethra ridge, pulling every last bit of milky cum out of his tube as I did so. But I did not swallow, instead I let my fingers slide out of his ass then I reached up to pull him down to me, placed his face over mine and kissed him passionately, thrusting the rich musty flavor of my cum covered tongue deep into his mouth.
Immediately I felt his hesitation, as I knew it would; he pulled back, his dick grew softer where it lay nestled in the wide wet furrow between my legs. But I was determined, I would [train] him.
'You are such a hypocrite.' I told him.
'What?'
'You're more than happy for me to swallow your cum, but no way you'll do the same.'
'Come on. That's different.'
'How?' I asked. 'You kiss me after covering your face with my pussy juice and expect me to like it.'
'You do!'
'Now, yes. But it took some getting used to. Now it's your turn to be trained.'
'No way!'
'Trust me,' I said as I stood and left the room. 'You have no choice.' It was time to push things.
'Where you going?'
'Patience!' I called back.
I come back with a surprise behind my back. 'Close your eyes,' I command, before I got to work opening him up again; an easy task now that he is trained and ready, two fingers slipped in immediately, then three, then the surprise - a butt plug.
'Oooh!' said Salinger.
But it has ridges, each section larger than the last. I push the second bulb in.
'What the?!'
I pump slowly, letting that second bulb pop in and out.
'Shit, that feels good.'
I gently push bulb three in, and work it in and out like the second - stretching him, loosening him, stimulating him. Then the fourth, the largest. It takes some work but we get it into the sound of Salinger's whimpering pleasure. At least I hope its pleasure. His ass stretched so large as it slipped over that last ridge that even I got scared. No way was I going to pump him with that. So I left him like that while I went to the bathroom to clean up, taking all the toys and tools with me to dump in the basin for Salinger to wash later.
'Hey, Naomi? What gives?' came Salinger's plaintiff voice from the bedroom after a short while. 'You can't just leave me like this.'
'Yes I can.'
'But this thing is really pushing.'
'I know.' I reply.
'Seriously, I think I need to go.'
'I know.'
'What do you mean you know?' he called back.
'I read that the pressure also triggers your large intestine to move whatever is still higher up inside you. And, as I said before, I need you properly clean.'
'Oh.... For what?'
I came back out of the bathroom then and, ignoring his question, admired my handy work; his sphincter was pulsing slowly as he instinctively fought to hold it closed, then I would see it expand hugely against the black latex ball of the plug as the next push reflex overcame him.
'Off you go then, Slave,' I said, as I un-cuffed him and pointed to the bathroom. 'And don't forget to clean all the toys in the basin. And use the douche again, deep and thorough.'
From the flow of water, grunting noises and spot inspections I knew that he was being thorough. But when he came out of the bathroom a good twenty minutes later I still admonished him for being naked.
'Where are your stockings, slave?'
'I was...'
'Put them on again. And what about your plug?'
'It's...'
'Fetch!' I commanded.
When he returned I had him do his downward dog on the bed while roughly re-lubing and plugging him; both of us surprised how easily it slipped in this time.
'Ok, now get dressed.' I said. 'It's time to go shopping.'
'Shopping? Seriously?'
'Yes, shopping.'
But as he stood up the plug just popped out, followed by a blob of clear lube. Jesus, he was stretched. He would have to go without. Looking around I spotted one of my thongs and remembered some more of Tristan's advice; his ass, as stretched, cleaned and stimulated as it was, was going to leak substantially more water and lube. I fetched me a thong panty liner from the bathroom, loaded the black knickers and handed them to him.
I laugh as he stands before me, naked except for the suspender belt, pre-cum dribbled stockings and a thong failing to cover his bits; his ripe plum sticking out the top and his left nut hanging out to one side. But it needed more; I wanted Salinger to feel constantly sexually exposed and vulnerable, like a teenager wearing a low cut top for the first time over her new breasts. I thought for a moment then reached for our collection of toys two retrieve two hinged stainless steel cock rings. The slightly larger one I clamped around his shaft, right at the base behind his scrotum such that it pushed his balls forward - I had to work fast, once erect I would never get it closed. The second I then clamped around his scrotum above his balls; such that the weight of the ring pulled his balls down and his erection forward. There would be no hiding of any erections.
'Ok, you can put your trousers on now,' I say, handing him his white cotton summer slacks and a tight t-shirt, wondering if his hosiery will be visible through the fabric in the sunlight. I then reach for my own dress, discarded earlier beside the bed, and slip it over my head, making sure he notices my own lack of any undergarments.
'Where are we going?' he asks as we head out the door, the faint metal "ting" of his cock rings striking together audible with every step.
'Need to know, Slave,' I answer, picking up the pace to catch the bus approaching from down the street. I reach it first, his clear erectile discomfort slowing him considerably. I skip up the stairs in front of him, enjoying the feeling of his eyes searching up my legs.
I move to four seats facing each other near the front of the bus and point him to the window seat facing forward.
'I can't,' he says.
'Sit,' I command.
He leant forward to whisper in my ear, 'I think I popped a leak stepping up.'
I chuckle. 'Now you know what it's like to have a period. Now trust the panty-liner and sit!'
He lowers himself carefully. I sit opposite him, making sure my dress falls high on my thighs. Then I slip off my sandals and place my bare feet on his seat between his legs, causing him to increase his man spread. An inch of movement of my knees is all I estimate is required to flash him; something I do every time I judge nobody looking my way. It's hard, my legs are clearly getting attention. But it works, his bulge visibly expands before my eyes. A quick nudge and squeeze with my naked foot and I feel and see his erection slip out from under the thong beneath the thin cotton of his trousers, pushing upward, creating the tell tale tent of his trouser front, with the added ridges of his cock rings clearly visible. It is not long before a tiny patch of dark wet appears at his tip.
At the next stop we are joined by two early thirties ladies on a mission to shop. The one next to Salinger gets quickly distracted by my thighs; whether out of appreciation, contempt or jealousy, I do not know. The lady beside me, however, is staring at Salinger's unhindered bulge and surreptitiously trying to get her companion to do the same. The smile shared between them when she finally notices says it all. What fun!
I now have no hesitation to slip my knees wider again for Salinger's probing eyes. Once he's had another good look I place my hands on his knees and lean forward, running my fingers up his thighs, my right hand ending directly over his bulge under the blazing gaze of our neighbors. I squeeze. 'Come Slave,' I say as his patch grows bigger. 'Next stop is ours.' I then get up and nudge my way passed the open mouthed ladies and their shopping.
Our destination wasFrunkle's, a quality fetish shop in the heart of Frankfurt where a network of artisans in leather, steel, glass, wood, latex, cloth, and engineering will custom make any deviant item your imagination can conjure.
But I wanted to drag out the pleasure of seeing Salinger's public discomfort; to see how many people notice his bulge and to enjoy their reaction. And ladies, we notice! And we enjoy it. How many of you did a double take as we walked toward you through the boutiques and department stores that morning? How many of you did I catch turning back to double check? And smiling as you did so. Oh what fun! And what fun to finally see a man as the piece of prime rump in the meat market. Meat that never got a moments respite as I was sure to tease him vertical with a well placed caress, flirt, flash up my skirt or guide of his hand between my legs; and this seldom in the safety of a change room.
The best was the look on his face when I wanted to try on a beautiful dusty-blue knitted dress made from the softest Angora rabbit wool that I spotted in a small boutique. However, with the owner busy with the occupant of the sole change room I handed Salinger my bag, slipped my own dress off over my head and stood a moment birthday-suit naked in the aisle in front of Salinger before carefully slipping into the sheath of adorably soft wool. It felt wonderful! 100,000 filaments of the softest angora wool simultaneously caressing every inch of my naked body. I could feel my breasts pushing the ribbing of the knitted fabric apart, my nipples getting hard to the feel of the conditioned air leaked through the gaps.
'Nice!' said Salinger behind me.
I turned to find a mirror.
'Your ass looks amazing in that.'
And I could feel it, my behind, breasts, thighs, waist and mons pushing against the fabric that breathed cool opulence over me with every step. The daylight streaming in next to the mirror showed why - there was nothing left to the imagination. Christ! my body looked better with the dress on than naked.
'Sold,' I said. 'Let's go.'
I walked to the register to await the owner still futsing over the other client at the change room. But the look on her face was worth it when I asked her for a pair of scissors to snip the label and she looked around in confusion trying to figure out exactly when and where I had managed to get into her dress.
Thereafter we did coffee to celebrate the purchase and show it off, followed by the final goal of Frunkle's.
'Ms. Naomi!' exclaimed the proprietor as we entered. 'Welcome back! You look wonderful. That dress!'
Salinger's jaw drops, shocked that I am known in such an establishment.
'Thank you, Frunkle. An impulse purchase; I am so glad you approve. Is it ready?'
'Oh yes!' said Frunkle, reaching behind him toward a large matt black cardboard box with a matching satin ribbon tied around it. 'And may I say what a wicked piece of work it is.'
I turn to Salinger. 'Slave, go explore.' Then I reach with itching fingers for the bow. The ribbon falls away, but Salinger hesitates. 'Now! Go!'
Reluctantly he walks off, with Frunkle and me admiring his sharply defined butt cheeks beneath the thin cotton of his trousers.
'Have you got him wearing a suspender?' asks Frunkle. The outline of which was clearly a bit more visible than I had expected.
'And a thong,' I say.
'Oh, you wicked, wonderful woman!' says Frunkle, returning his attention to the box. 'Such a lucky man.'
He pauses briefly, looks directly at me, raises the lid and lifts the black velvet carry-bag draped over the contents.
And there it was, my own design; a made to measure pair of shiny Ferrari-red latex knickers fitted with a double ended inflatable dildo. Frunkle very ceremoniously slipped on a pair of white cotton gloves, then lifted the creation from the box, like he was presenting the crown jewels. The inward pointing part of the dildo, "my" end, was shaped more like a plug, while the outward facing section, my big red "dick", was modeled directly after one of the most beautiful monster cocks I had ever seen in porn. A solid latex L shaped core connected both parts, each branch curved slightly upward toward the other; the shorter base of the L for my plug, the longer section for my cock and with the elbow of the L passed through and was fixed to the crotch of the knickers with considerable reinforcement.
My hands reached up, wanting it, fingers curling around each of the two hard ends.Wow, even deflated it was big.
'Let me demonstrate,' said Frunkle.
He lifted the pump bulb from the box. From the one end snaked a short tube that ended in a small brass valve. This he plugged into a hole at the base of the L while I held it.
'This plug is also the control,' he explained. 'One click forward or back will control which half you inflate. Unplugging will not deflate it; for that you have to push on either of these two buttons hidden under the surface. Here try it,' he said, offering me the bulb.
I pumped and immediately saw the tight red latex sheath covering my plug's core begin to expand before my eyes. My own inner sheath responded immediately, opening, craving to feel this plug grow inside me.
Frunkle laughed, 'Yeah, makes me want to have a vagina too.'
How did he notice!?
'And to deflate?' I asked as distraction, pushing on the small bump beside the valve closest to my plug. I immediately hear the slight hiss of releasing air. 'Absolutely wonderful, Frunkle. But what about my special touch?' I ask turning the toy over to look inside the panties at the very base of my plug. 'Ah, interesting,' I said, inspecting the tube protruding from there. 'I wonder how well that's going to work?'
'No idea,' said Frunkle, 'but I want a full report after you've road tested it, you hear! But here, take a look at this,' he added, twisting a monitor around on his desk for me to see a grainy security feed coming from one of the back rooms of his establishment. I recognized the dungeon, with its racks, crucifixion crosses, cages, clamps and array of dummies dressed in the most creative array of bondage and fetish gear. But off to one side one of the dummies appeared to be moving.
'Oh my God! It isn't?'
'Afraid it is, my Dear.'
It was Salinger, carefully positioned behind a cage so anybody entering would not notice him immediately, his eyes glued to a screen showing bondage clips in a loop, his fly open, his erection gently held in his slowly stroking right hand.
'Looks like your slave needs some discipline,' said Frunkle.
'Excuse me a moment,' I said, heading toward the dungeon, pulling a riding crop from an umbrella stand as I went.
Entering the room quietly I moved slowly, crouched low till I made it around the cage then jumped up and flicking Salinger on the end of his dick with the crop in one quick movement.
'Fucking HELL!' he screamed.
'Busted! You cheat!'
'Christ, that hurts!'
I could just make out the sound of Frunkle's howling laughter coming down the passageway.
'Move!' I said, pointing to the door with the crop. 'You know the rules.'
Salinger made to put his dick away. 'No! Leave that out. You'll need it.'
'What?'
'Move!'
I directed him to another of the side rooms. A tiny one with a large display window open to a small side street. Frunkle kept a relatively tame display in the window visible all day, but behind it he had cleverly placed a pain of one-way glass, and at 10:30 every night a timer would switch off the lights in the window while simultaneously switching on the spotlights in the room behind the glass, instantly making visible his prized collection of custom made skin tight latex fetish costumes. A display that he regularly and lovingly re-created with the pride and skill of a Broadway set designer. But of the one-way glass Salinger knew nothing; all he saw was latex, glass and the street scene beyond it.
'Up against the glass with you.' I said.
'I've still --'
'Drop the pants and hands against the glass.'
'Naomi! People can see.'
'Silence!' I commanded, as I whipped his ass sharply. 'Ten lashes, and every word is an extra lash. The longer we take the more chance somebody will see you. Do you have friends in this area?'
'Yes.'
'Eleven!' I said, giving him another whack, then reaching for his cheek to stroke the welt that was already starting to form on either side of his suspender straps. Then, too slow things down, I moved my hand between his legs to take a handful of his ringed balls and tug them back toward me. 'I think next time I will need to attached a leash to this thing,' I said.
'That thing has got to be huge inside you by now,' I said.
But Salinger was smart enough by now not to answer. Instead I felt his body suddenly stiffen. I looked up and laughed, a young couple had stopped at the window. American tourists by the looks of it, feeling naughty and anonymously safe away from home. They pointed and laughed at one of the larger hand crafted glass dildos that floated on the glass shelf between us. I gave Salinger's balls and now suddenly very limp dick an extra fondle to stop him thinking and figuring out the one-way glass, then I stepped back for his next hard whack. He squealed.Ooops,I thought,that one really was a bit too hard.
I quickly, and a bit more gently, finished off the remaining eight lashes while the couple continued to hover outside. I then stepped back to take a quick photo of Salinger's welts as further leverage before telling Salinger to pull up his pants and meet me out front.
'Enjoy the show?' I asked Frunkle, as I got to the till and pointed to the monitor.
'I wasn't the only one,' he said, laughing. 'You know that you can see through that glass if something is standing up close enough to it?'
'Oh!' was all I could come up with as I placed the riding crop onto the box containing my new toy. 'Looks like I will need the crop as well.'
On the bus ride home Salinger preferred to stand. When we got home I told him to undress, and to give himself another good clean inside and out.
I took the opportunity to closer inspect my new purchase, to give it a thorough clean and to test putting it on. The last bit of which, the little custom tube, was a bit tricky, but a bit of stimulation and a squeeze of lube and I quickly got the hang of it.
Hearing Salinger finish up I put the toy back in its velvet bag, placed it in my handbag and had Salinger join in the bedroom, where I treated him by rubbing oil into his still red butt cheeks and down between his legs, while playing some porn on the flatscreen. Then I made him do the same to me; but longer: A two hour full body massage interspersed by a fondling of his bits whenever my mood or the decline in his erection so moved me.
'You know, I am actually getting hungry,' I said, as he finished up my massage. 'Let's go try out this new place I found.'
'Food? Now? Seriously.'
'Are you questioning me, Slave?'
'Come on, Naomi,' begged Salinger. 'My balls are seriously starting to hurt. You've kept me aroused for hours with no release. The pressure is building.'
'I know, Darling. That's the idea. But don't worry, you won't regret it.' I paused, winked at him, then added, 'The restaurant is excellent.' And with that I hopped out of bed and pulled him into the bathroom to gave us both a quick rinse to remove the oil.
Once back in the bedroom I had one last preparation before we could get dressed. 'Bend over,' I said to Salinger, pointing to the padded armrest of the settee we had in the corner of the bedroom next to my dressing table. 'Not a word!' I quickly interjected, as he looked to complain.
While he got into position I retrieved two beautiful large green enamel Chinese Geisha balls from a small drawer in the dressing table and reached again for the bottle of lube. As prepared as he was it did not take long before I saw his sphincter wink closed as his ass drew the last of the balls inside and I heard the first gentle chime of the balls coming together inside him.
'Oh, man, that's weird!' said Salinger. 'I can feel them,actuallyhear them ring through my body!'
'Good, now get dressed!' I said pointing to the clothes I had laid out for us.
For me I chose a white silk blouse and a short, heavily pleated dark grey woolen skirt highlighted with a royal blue tartan check. This I wore over a suspender belt and matching blue stockings. My feet I slipped into a pair of high heeled black leather ankle boots to match the handbag containing my arsenal. Think sophisticated fashion editor inspired by slutty catholic schoolgirl.
Salinger I dressed in loose white summer slacks, tan dress shoes and an open collared white dress shirt with the buttonholes, collar stitching and socks in royal blue to match my skirt. He usually scrubbed up well, but tonight we looked exceptional. Perfect, I wanted to make sure he felt stared at the entire night.
At the entrance hall mirror I touched up with some dark eyeliner and blood red lippy then handed Salinger a thin silver chain to clasp behind my neck. I paused to run my fingers slowly down the chain to make sure he noticed the interlocked silver handcuff pendants resting above my cleavage.
The restaurant was not far, but with heels I had Salinger hail a cab. Too short a ride to get up to much but for some pleasant necking and mutual caressing; just enough to ensure our mutual arousal as we arrived at my chosen restaurant: Casa de la Torpo. And it was Torpo who met us personally at the top of the stone steps leading to the large open double doors of his house; a gorgeous free standing five story art-deco creation.
'Madam Naomi?' asked Torpo, taking my right hand in both of his.
'And slave,' I answered.
'Indeed,' he said, with some disdain. Still holding my right hand in his left he stepped back to look Salinger over with critical detachment. 'A quality specimen, I see.' Then, visually dismissing Salinger as the slave he was, Torpo focused his attention purely on me again, gave a slight bow and, extending his right hand toward the entrance hall added, 'Welcome to my heart!'
We stepped into the entrance hall aglow with the light of a thousand stars sparkling from the crystals of a massive chandelier hanging from the double-high vaulted ceiling that was expertly rendered alive with the passions of the gods of the ages in permanent battle with the joys and heartaches of life below that even they failed to control. Bolts of sun-yellow satin streamed arching from the apex above the chandelier to each corner before falling wide and free to the floor below. The walls were wood paneled to just above head height where they met the fallout from the gods. Each panel a riot of sunken enclaves, shelves and elaborate random frames presenting a cacophony of two and three dimensional art. No piece larger than two foot high and each aglow with light from sources I could not find.
Torpo chuckled beside me, seeing my confusion, 'Watch,' he said. Then he released my arm to reach for a dimmer switch hidden beneath the lip of the reception counter. All other lights bar the inner ring of the chandelier began to dim, but still the artwork glowed. Then Torpo Removed the lid of what looked like a small silver sugar bowl, took a small pinch of the white powder it contained, and tossed it delicately up into the air above his head. Instantly the riddle was revealed as beams of light danced from the art they highlighted back along the paths of dust to tiny mirrors and lenses hidden amongst the crystals of the chandelier and positioned precisely to best display each piece.
'Wow!' I said. 'Torpo, that's impressive.'
'Thank you,' he replied, glancing briefly at his registry. 'Now, I have you on the balcony off the master bedroom - third floor. If you will just hand over your electronics,' he added, turning around to open a wooden panel behind him that revealed a rack of small numbered metal doors, each with a key. They were antique bank safety deposit boxes. He opened the nearest, slid out the elaborately etched brass box it contained, and opened the lid as he presented the empty dark green velvet lined box for me to place my phone inside.
'Thank you,' he said. 'My guests will either talk to each other, make love to each other, or float silently in sensory contemplation, butnotescape into their phones. Now, shall I escort you to your table, or would you like to discover your own way?'
'We would love to explore,' I said.
'Very good. Everything is open that is not locked, but please respect the "do not disturb signs" - although it is still early.'
'How does that work?' I asked.
'If you are in a space that is not a thoroughfare you can put out the sign to be left in peace. No guests will disturb you and the staff will first knock.'
'Come slave,' I called to Salinger, as I headed for the nearest do
It opened to a library of chaotic beauty. Walls of books, from ancient to modern, reaching high behind the beautifully carved brass-wheeled ladders needed to reach them. Display cases filled with artifacts of the natural sciences: fossils, minerals, insects, stuffed animals, even a collection of fetuses in formaldehyde - one looking suspiciously human even though the label said "Trichechus manatus", whatever the hell that was. And scattered loosely throughout were the small round dining tables richly set and draped to match each room.
Behind the library was a study where we encountered the first guests; four poker players obscured by a cloud of cigar smoke that slowly spiraled up around them to hidden ceiling vents. They were tired, rough looking characters that had clearly been playing since the night before. A fourth lay asleep on a leather couch behind them. The most striking among them was the only woman, whose short fat Robusto jammed into the right half of her mouth was the source of the majority of the smoke. The term 'butch biker-chick' sprang to mind. Christ, there was a tattoo under her right eye of Mickey Mouse giving me the finger that only intimidated me more after it winked at me. We, quickly moved on.
On the other side of the entrance hall, making full use of the first floor's high ceilings and the massive windows along the entire front and side wall, was a mirrored ballroom. On the next floor up we discovered a drawing room, a formal dining room set to seat twelve around its massive central oak table, and two guest bedroom suites with curtained four-poster beds and each with their own matching dining tables. Salinger let out a guffaw as he stuck his nose in the first bathroom.
'There's a bloody bathtub in here set for two!' he exclaimed.
'A what?'
'Check it out.'
He was not kidding. Entering what I thought would have been the bathroom door I instead faced two more doors - one of the very few alterations to the original home - the bathroom proper on the right and a separate WC to the left, added, I presumed, so other guests could still relieve themselves when the bathroom proper was in use. The bathroom was spacious and white and looking like I had stepped back 100 years. The large bay window was open to the evening breeze coming in from the garden; a richly padded bench seat wrapped around it, enveloping a delicate table; perfect for enjoying afternoon tea and scones. The loo was a throne to philosophical inspiration; with its elaborately Delft painted porcelain bowl, matching cistern high above, and polished brass pull-chain and pipe to connect the two.
But the focal point was the bath; a massive white cast iron claw-foot tub sitting smack in the middle of the room. It was clearly built for two, with both ends rising high behind the backs and the faucets and drain positioned in the middle.
'Check this out,' said Salinger, pointing at matching purpose built trays resting across the top of the tub, 'People actually have dinner in here.'
And he was right, each tray was fully set for dinner, right down to the four sets of cutlery, napkins and wine glasses.
'And look,' he added pointing to matching clothes horses behind each end of the tub, 'for getting undressed.'
'And the curtain?' I asked, indicating meters of raw white silk hanging from a hoop positioned directly above the tub, but currently gathered and draped over the back. 'For privacy when the wait staff enter?'
'Or just use bubbles,' said Salinger, pointing to the collection of salts, soaps and bottles of bubble bath positioned on a wheeled table beside the faucets, but then reaching for one of two water pistols on the same tray. 'Bang! Bang!'
'Oh, what a scream. We have to come back and try this!' I said. 'And look how we summon the servants.' I reached for an elaborately embroidered ribbon hanging from the ceiling.
'How Downton Abbey,' said Salinger, just as we heard somebody enter the bedroom. 'Did you pull it?'
'No. I swear.'
We both suddenly felt like we were invading somebody's private space. But we had nothing to fear as a charming young lady came in smiling.
'Mr. and Mrs. Jones?' she asked, as she headed for the tub to turn on the faucets.
'Afraid not,' I said.
'Then I am afraid I must ask you to leave shortly. This room is reserved for tonight. But please feel free to use one of the others - they don't have a reservation policy.'
Both Salinger and I just laughed as we thanked the lady and headed out, making our way up to the next floor to find our balcony while getting delightfully distracted along the way.
Inside and out the building was a shrine to beauty through the ages. Every room a wonder of art and antiques as if collected by a long line of multidisciplined intellectuals - the last of which appeared to have moved out for the day to allow a pop-up restaurant. But the truth was more fun: This was Torpo's home; the entire sprawling labyrinth. I had heard he was often seen late at night, long after closing, sitting alone on his top floor corner balcony in a wingback armchair beneath a single yellow glowing lamp, wrapped in a green and gold velvet robe, with a brandy in one hand and book in the other, but staring lost at the night time world around him. The top floor, built into the steep roof, seemed to be his private sanctuary, seen by none; at least none that spoke of it. But lights coming on and going off around the house, as well as guests and friends, confirmed that he used the entire building as his home, simply opening and closing rooms and floors to the restaurant as demand and his whims dictated.
By the time we reached our little balcony we were grateful to sit down in the quiet evening air to digest some of the sensory overload we were already experiencing. The sun was almost set and the streetlights were just coming on beneath us, filtering softly up through the leaves of the trees that lined the avenue. Cars were kept to a civilized minimum by barriers at one end but there was plenty foot and bicycle traffic; mostly kids, couples, and dog walkers coming back from the park at the opposite end.
'Wow!' exclaimed Salinger, with a loud exhale. 'How did you find this place?'
'A friend,' I answered cryptically. 'Do you like it?'
'It's amazing! That bathroom! And did you see the bed back there?' he added, indicating back through the double French doors beside us. 'Do you think it ever gets used?'
'I've heard rumors,' was all I said. 'Why? Are you tempted?'
'Yes!, but I think we have company.'
We both glanced back to laughter now coming from the bedroom behind us. Two couples had just arrived, one of the men with a much younger girlfriend who had thrown herself spread-eagled and giggling onto the bed.
'Get off that,' we heard him scold, trying to be all proper.
I reached over to place my hand on Salinger's thigh, 'Don't worry, Slave, the night is still young.'
We sat for a while in silence just enjoying the still warm of the evening, my hand caressing slowly higher up Salinger's thigh and giving him lead to do the same to me. I was not long before his erectile discomfort grew due to curtailed growth.
'Let me help,' I offered. I glanced back for a quick check that all was clear then slid my hand down his front, curled my fingers around his straining folded member and lifted it free from between his legs. Immediately it throbbed, filled and straightened in my hand.
'Ooh, that's ... Thank you mistress,' said Salinger. 'That feels good.'
And it did, I agreed. It felt good to hold his heat. So much so that I kept my hand right where it was, gently massaging him till he began again to leak. Small shudders emitting from his core that caused me to wrap my fingers low around his shaft and squeeze as I pulled up, milking his pre-cum into a growing wet patch on the front of his very white trousers.
'Excuse me,' we suddenly heard behind us, causing us both to jump.
Salinger quickly pulled the edge of the tablecloth back over his trousers but I managed to keep my hand where it was. The words had come from the waitress who was wanting to get passed the young lady of the bed who was now standing just inside the French doors, ostensibly admiring the view.Shit!I thought, glancing sheepishly at Salinger who looked as red as I felt.She must have seen it all.
The waitress stepped onto the balcony beside me and started her ritual of menus, wine list and specials; of which I heard nothing. My only thoughts were whether she noticed why my hand stayed slipped under the tablecloth at such an odd angle. Keeping my arm dead still while still kneading Salinger with my hand and keeping my eyes fixed on the waitresses proved a challenge beyond my multi-tasking abilities. There was no doubt at one point that her eyes looked directly at Salinger's crotch before returning to mine with a smile - she had clearly seen it all before.
'... and please pull the cord when you are ready to order or require anything,' said the waitress as she turned to leave, pointing behind Salinger to the same type of ribbon that we had seen in the bathroom. She closed the door behind her as she left.
'Jesus, Naomi,' said Salinger, as I withdrew my hand and reached for the menu, 'you almost had me shooting my load then. You think she noticed?'
'Trust me, she noticed! Now did you get any of that about the specials?'
'Not a fucking word!' said Salinger, as we both burst out laughing.
There was an easier way to do this; I reached behind Salinger to pull the cord. This time, when our waitress returned a short while later, she knocked before entering.
'You rang?'
'I did. Without assaulting my bank balance could you please bring us two different starters and two mains that either you or the Chef think are heavenly, and a glass of suitable wine for each?'
'With pleasure, Ma'am.'
For the next three hours we lived in sensual and culinary heaven. We held hands, we touched, we kissed, we tasted, we talked, we laughed, we savored, we caressed, we shared. But I never let Salinger forget that tonight he was my slave. Immediately after the waitress left with our orders I had him unbutton his fly and pull out his junk.
'Tonight we are going to share a dessert,' I said, as I reached for him, the skin of his erection feeling so smooth, soft and warm against the cool of the slight evening breeze rising up under the table. 'But every time I catch you without an erection you will forfeit one mouthful to me. Understood?'
'Understood,' he replied.
And for the rest of the evening I toyed with him; distracting him with conversation, touch, food and wine. At intervals I had him stimulate me till I could collect little puddles of my pussy juice with a teaspoon. These I then dribbled on forkfuls of different aspects of his starter and main and had him give me detailed reviews on which were enhanced and which detracted by my seasoning. For most combinations the flavor was too subtle, but it oddly worked well as a salad dressing with a touch of added sugar.
Then I would suddenly reach for him under the table to test him when I thought he least expected it. By the time dessert came, crepes rolled around alternating bands of chocolate and three different wild berry mousses, he had forfeited over half his share. But he had played well; it was time to reward him.
'You will continue to feed me,' I told him, 'and if you cheat I will use my teeth.' I then dropped my napkin on the floor - to protect my knees - and wiggled down to disappear beneath the table cloth.
Behind me, under the table and through the ivy covered balcony railing, I could see the street and passing traffic. Bent over as I was, sans knickers, I could feel the breeze try in vain to caress my lips dry. Ahead of me, on either side of Salinger, I could see into the bedroom and the party of four enjoying their meal. The young lady appeared to be looking intently directly at me. Had she seen me disappear? I realized then that I had forgotten to look back before diving under. But then she turned back to her partner and appeared to laugh at something he had said.Too late anyway, I thought, as I reached forward for Salinger's twitching shaft and sank my open mouth over it. Above me a moan escaped Salinger's lips.
'Feed me,' I said.
'At once,' Salinger replied. And a moment later the edge of the table cloth lifted as he passed a large mound of crepe and blackberry mousse into my open mouth from his fingertips. Or eyes met; he had a look of goofy joy, fear and pleasure that was priceless.
'Leave the table cloth up,' I mumbled through my mouth full of cool moose, before mashing the lot down over his shaft.
I took my good time savoring every morsel, but eventually had to come up for air. He was already there, grinning down at me, ready with the next mouthful.
'Very good,' I said. 'But I am also thirsty. Be a good boy, will you, and order me a sherry.'
It took a moment for the logistics to compute, but then I felt him lean back and pull the cord while I continued work on his shaft. A short while later our waitress' return was signaled by the sound of the doors opening behind Salinger, who immediately dropped the edge of the tablecloth back into his lap.Bad boy, I thought, as I sank my teeth into him, just hard enough to make him wince.
'Everything in order, Sir?' asked the waitress.
'Absolutely,' said Salinger. 'We would just like some Sherry please.'
'Two glasses?'
'Yes please,' said Salinger.
I bit him again.
'Ouch!' he winced. 'Actually, just make that one.'
'Very good, Sir,' said the waitress.
'And two espressos, please.' I added from beneath the table, feeling Salinger's entire body go rigid in shock. 'But please bring those later, if you could. In about 20 minutes.'
'Would Ma'am care for anything else.'
'No, thank you,' I said. 'That's all for now.'
God I would have loved to see Salinger's face at that moment, but the prick had kept the tablecloth down. I bit him again.
But then I got back to work in earnest; I wanted to get him close. Fortunately I was wet enough to reach between my legs to use some of my own lubricant. It was not long before I felt his body stiffen with pleasure. I backed down, then started up again. As his second wave of tension rose I heard the waitress knock and enter with the sherry. I grabbed the base of his shaft with both hands and sucked his plum firmly into my mouth, but did not move a muscle. He was not to cum. I felt his shivers, heard them in his voice as he thanked the waitress, but that was all he was getting for now. I had to have him still thinking with his dick, with desperation, for the grand finale.
I crawled out from under the table as soon as the waitress left; immediately surprised by the cold on my inner thighs where their wetness now touched together. It was always scary how much being risky turned me on. I did not sit down though, I gulped back half of the sherry then picked up my bag.
'I'm going to freshen up,' I said to Salinger. 'Finish the Sherry if you want. But don't you dare touch yourself! If I find you empty when I get back I will whip your ass right over this banister.'
I passed through the French doors surprised but pleased to find our dining companions with their shoes off, spread out and laughing on the huge bed, sharing a cheese and wine platter between them. I nodded hello as I passed through to the room's on-suite. It was even more elaborate than the first, with the 'his' and 'hers' bidet particularly welcome, but it lacked the bay-window that made the first bathroom so desirable.
I locked the door behind me and immediately got to work: Off came my shoes and skirt, followed by a full use of one of the bidets to freshen up. I then reached into my bag and pulled out my new toy. I slipped first one stockinged foot then the other into the rubber knickers and pulled it up; the two cocks hang ungainly down but the rubber slipped easily enough over my stockinged legs. However, as I reached the top I realized I would have to unclip my suspenders to have the new rubber knickers sit properly underneath them. But first I had to get "my" cock inside me - something that my current state of arousal made all too easy - and then "the little extra touch" that was a bit more of an uncomfortable challenge and that needed a little squeeze of lube assistance from the tube in my bag. Then it was all in, and suddenly it felt right, no longer this ungainly weight hanging down between my legs, but a beautiful big red erect cock that started deep inside me, filled me, and extended out and up in front of me; my sword unsheathed, ready for me to fuck what came my way. I stepped in front of the mirror. My God it looked good! Big. I felt so powerful. Aroused! But then a small contraction threatened to push it out.
I reached down and found the nob, made sure it was pointed back, then gave the bulb a squeeze.Oh wow!Did that feel lovely. I pumped a few more times, loving the sensation of being so filled, then I squatted down and tried again to push it out. There was still a risk. I gave it two more pumps just in case then re-clipped my suspenders over the red latex knickers and retrieved my skirt.
And therein lay the rub; there was no way to hide this big thing sticking out in front of me behind my tiny skirt. I had thought the pleats would have been sufficient, but I had underestimated the heft of it - when I stood the weight pulled it down enough to make it stand straight out in front of me. 'Shit!'
But the solution quickly presented itself, wrapped around me in the form of my suspender belt. I tugged it down an inch, adjusted the waist slightly larger, the straps slightly shorter and tucked the tip of my new cock under the front of the belt.Perfect. There was still a definite bulge, but manageable between the folds of my pleated skirt and no more than what I had initially expected. God, I was having so much fun! I gave myself one last once-over in the mirror, brushed my hair, touched up the lippy and headed back to my slave.
My first test was our fellow diners on the master bed. The slightly older of the two ladies seemed to really stare at my skirt, or was it just my legs. Had she noticed? I felt like a teenage boy with an erection at the public pool. I hurried on; the feel of the pump bulb dangling down between my thighs suddenly feeling huge and very low. Did my skirt even cover it? I forgot to check. Too late now. I reached the door and almost jumped through it in haste.
The coffees were waiting, but before I sat down I had to know; Salinger would be the final test. I stood beside him, placed my arm around his shoulders caressing his neck and pretended to enjoy the view, my mini-skirt covered dick right beside his head.
He looked up at me. He smiled. He placed his hand on my calf and ran his fingers up my inner leg. He rested his face against my hip and nuzzled me. I looked down and was amazed that he had not noticed - to my eyes the bulge was huge. I guess it was true, we really only see what we expect to see. But with every stroke his hand came higher, by the next he would find the bulb. Should I share with him the pleasure of anticipation, the of fear of being caught? No, my original plan would stick.
'Close your eyes, Slave,' I commanded as I stepped behind him.
'What?'
'Silence! and close your damn eyes,' I repeated. Then I reached into my purse and took out my next toy; a one inch wide polished stainless steel collar, hinged at the back and lined on the inside with heavy red leather.
'Chin up,' I said, and placed the collar around Salinger's neck and snapped the two halves shut at the front where an integrated brass combination lock beautifully etched with symbols instead of numbers prevented any release.
'What the fuck!' said Salinger, his eyes flying open, but it was too late. The first thing he lay his eyes on was the dog chain that ran from a matching locked armband above my right wrist to the brass ring integrated with his collar's lock.
'You were getting a bit familiar,' I said. 'It's time to remind you of your status.'
I sat down to enjoy my coffee, inadvertently giving myself another pump as I sat on the bulb. 'Oooh!' that felt good. I was so ready to get banged, hard and fast and now. But it would have to wait. I drank up fast, bade Salinger to do the same and had him ring for the bill before his hand searching out my thigh made me loose resolve.
'I will need to go shake a leg before we go,' he said as we got ready to leave.
'No,' I said on impulse, having suddenly got a pleasing image in my mind.
'No?'
'Don't argue, Dog,' I commanded as I tugged him back through the master bedroom where the two couples had lost even more of their inhibitions, both were now kissing each other on the bed, and when I stole a last glance as Salinger closed the door I saw the young lady's hand reach for her partner's bulging crotch; this time he did not resist.
Salinger made to flip the "Do Not Disturb" sign, but I stopped him. 'Maybe they want to be caught,' I said.
We headed down the wide well lit main stairs where we encountered a couple heading up towards us, both smiled appreciatively at Salinger's chain. She looked stunning in a sleeveless white blouse, tight black leather pants with matching ankle boots and short leather driving gloves. Above her wrists and high on her upper arms I noticed unusual wide red bands that a step closer revealed themselves to be welts left by a rope.My God, I thought, glancing instinctively into her eyes,she's just been tied up somewhere. But she was clearly not perturbed, smiling as her eyes gave me the once over, as we do. But where men, facing a mini skirt, will almost always end lingering at the top of the legs in appreciation, us woman will tend to end at the face in the hope of still finding comparative fault. But not this time, not with her eyes clearly fixed directly up my skirt.Oh dear!I thought as I realized that where the skirt's pleated flair was ideal for hiding the bulge from the front and top, it also made views from below extremely easy, especially with the bright lights of the entrance hall chandelier shining up beneath us. In my mind I saw the metal release valve of the pump glinting brightly between my legs and the pump itself hanging like a horse's black balls against the soft flesh of my inner thigh - naked, white and exposed above my black stockinged legs.Merde!I could only smile and hurry down the stairs, extremely conscious of the sudden flow of fluid triggered by the adrenaline flooding my system, making its way around the strange new sensation of my inflated dick and down to my quivering swollen lips.
'Madam,' called Torpo from the bottom of the steps. 'Leaving so soon?'
'Soon? What is soon? We have been here over three hours,' I replied.
'That is not much for Torpo's. Many only leave after the stars have bid goodnight. If you leave before midnight I worry that I insulted you!'
'No Torpo. Not at all. We've had a wonderful time, the food was delicious, your staff exceptional, but tonight we still have other plans,' I said, tugging Salinger's chain.
Torpo immediately smiled broad understanding. 'Then let me retrieve your phone and send you on your way with my blessing,' he said, before giving me a warm hug and kiss on both cheeks. Salinger he continued to appropriately ignore as the slave he was.
'Do you require a taxi,' asked Torpo.
'No thanks, Torpo. It's lovely out, and this dog needs walking.'
And with those words my heart again began to race as I realized how close we were to the culmination of my elaborate plans. Would they come together? Would my courage hold?
I stepped out into the night tugging Salinger along behind me. The looks we were getting with him on his chain were priceless, but it was late enough now that we did not risk traumatizing children.
'Is our home not that way?' he asked, pointing.
'Not our goal.'
'And I don't suppose you will tell me the goal.'
'No.'
'Or let me pee?'
'Soon enough.'
We were getting close to our diversion: a long, narrow, single lane, one-way back street that ran parallel between two larger streets, effectively cleaving the city blocks in two that lay between them. It was barely more than a back alley; poorly lit and with a stop signs at every block to discourage all but day time service vehicles and cyclists avoiding the rush hour now long past. However, we were still not without risk; as we turned into the lane we noticed a bobbing red glow ahead of us, coming closer, occasionally passing beneath a street lamp to reveal a gentleman walking his dog while enjoying his last fag of the night.
We passed the man and his fag silently heading in opposite directions. If he even noticed Salinger's leash he did not acknowledge it. There was only a block and a half to go; it was now or never. I stopped at the next "No Parking" sign.
'Here,' I said. 'Gussy time.'
'What time?' asked Salinger.
'Time to pee, Dog,' I smiled at him, my inspired image in the restaurant suddenly coming to life. I gave his chain a tug. 'Come on, get it out. Mark your territory.'
He look at me in shock. I reached forward with both hands, pulled open the buttons of his fly, reached in deep, and pulled his dick and balls out into the cool night air. Then I turned him around to face the pole, and with my hands still wrapped around him I held his dick like it was my own and gave it a small fondle and tug to get it ready to flow, like I had seen him do countless times before in our small bathroom back home.
'Careful, you crazy lady,' he said. 'You play with it too much and I'll be pissing vertically.'
'Can you do that?'
'It's a challenge. I haven't tried since I was a teenager. I have to piss passed an engorged prostate.'
'I want to see,' I said, holding him closer and renewing my fondling of his balls with my left hand and gentle stroking of his shaft with my right, but careful to not push my own dick against him and give the game away. It did not take long before he was ready for lift off.
I stepped to his side to better watch, but in no time his shaft began to bend. 'Oi! No sleeping on the job!' I said.
'Give me a break; you're asking me, a man, to multi-task.'
I reached for his ball sack, held it in my palm and gently stroked his perineum with my fingertips.
'Better?' I asked, as he twitched upward again.
'Much,' he replied with a laugh. And with that he let go a steaming stream of piss that flew high up out of his shaft before splashing down on the pole in front of him. 'Behold,' he said, 'I give you the Golden Arch Of Life. All those who drink from it will bare their husband a thousand children.'
'I think I'll pass,' I laughed.
'And all those who pass under it will pass out from the intensity of their next orgasm.'
'Now that I could risk,' I said. But, thankfully, the arch began to close before I could make my move. 'Noooo!' I joked. 'Slave, you fail me.'
'Ouch!' Was all I got from him.
'What?'
'You're squeezing my balls.'
'Sorry!' I said, stepping back; suddenly shocked to realize that the whole episode had actually got me quite excited. 'Seriously?' I asked myself. 'What next.'
But I recovered quickly when I saw Salinger starting to pack away his bits.
'No,' I said, pulling him down by his chain to guide his mouth toward mine. 'Dog's don't hide their junk'.
After a while I reached down to very gently take his penis in my hand and softly caress it hard again. His mouth was soft, his tongue was warm and hungry, his arms felt strong and wanting. I felt my body begin to melt into him as his erection, hot and smooth, began to twitch - it was time to move on.
I stepped back and tugged on his leash to pull him toward our destination half way down the next block. It was fun to glance down beside me and see him so exposed; his thick dick waving proud in front of him with every step. But before long his eyes began to dart around, searching for anybody who might catch us, his hands moving forward to try to hide his now rapidly shrinking shame.
'Bad dog!' I reprimanded, jerking hard on his leash. 'Walk proud. Shoulders back, arms straight,' I said, as I reached to gently grip his silken shaft in my hand in encouragement.
The night was unfolding as I had planned. Salinger was responding exactly as I had predicted; so long as I could keep his hormone levels above a certain threshold I could get him to do almost anything. Actually, so far, everything. But how far could I push him?
And then we were there; the small, dead-end side alley between a couple of four-story apartment houses that I had previously staked out. I pulled the rather surprised Salinger in, passed a low stack of old pallets almost blocking the way.
'Where --,' he started.
'Shh!' I whisper.
It was perfect; dark, but not black, with just enough light angling in from a street lamp across the way for our eyes to adjust to. I pulled Salinger further in, across the street lamp's threshold into the shadow. I turned around, reached for his neck above the cool steel of his collar, wrapped my fingers around his throat, squeezed firmly and pushed him back up against a drain pipe. With my entire body I held him there, leaning hard against him from my toes to my mouth, feeling a rush of unexpected pleasure deep within my vagina before realizing that I was pushing my erection against him. I felt the suspender belt snap back off the tip of my new dick as my erection freed itself.Damn!I did not yet want to give my game away.
I immediately dropped to my knees in front of him, keeping my hands pushed hard against his chest above me as my mouth found his plum and sucked it in. Squatting on my haunches with my knees apart I could feel the night air rise up to again caress my inner thighs. I glanced down to see my freed erection sticking out red big shiny and proud directly in front of me, the folds of my short skirt bunched up over it like a tent awning. There was no turning back now.
But I felt it then, the change in his energy, the slight shift in his hips away from me. I was losing him. Had I pushed him too far too fast? I glanced up to see him looking at a window where a light had come on only a couple of meters away across the alley. We heard water flow, then a woman's voice began to hum.
'Shhh,' I whispered, smiling up at him with a finger on my lips, trying to regain his attention. I gently took his manhood in both my hands and began to caress and kiss him delicately all over to the sound of the woman's singing. She had a beautiful voice. It flowed out with the steam of her shower through the gap in her window into the still night air. Beneath my touch Salinger's member was again hard and demanding. I looked up while my tongue ran over the top of his crown to see him relax back against the wall, his eyes closed, his lips open, his hands reaching behind my head to hold me close. I could feel his desire again, his inner civilized man fighting to stop his primal want to grab me hard by the hair and to pull me close and fuck me deep in my throat. I took the moment to surreptitiously unlock his chain from my armband, but still kept hold of it. Then I undid his last top trouser button and let his pants slip slowly over his stockinged legs to his ankles.
He was almost ready; his hormone levels nearly where I needed them. I held his balls in one hand, an ass cheek in the other and pulled him toward me as I sank my mouth down low over his cock, rubbing his balls against my chin, then wrapping the length of my tongue around his shaft as I sucked hard on the pull back. He groaned. A few more long strokes like that were sufficient, each accentuated by the alternating feel of cool night air and warm mouth as I moved my head up and down over him. But before he could explode I raised myself up to kiss him, leaving his erection in the care of my right hand and a good deposit of lubricant.
I needed to keep him unaware of my new gender a moment longer, so, while distracting him with my tongue, I passed the end of his chain though the gap between the drainpipe and the wall, then, before he had a moment to realize what was going on, I hooked the end of the chain over a rusty nail sticking out from the wall; a nail that he could not reach without first pulling the drain out of the wall.
It was done.
I stepped back.
Salinger reached for me. I took another step back, into the dim shaft of light.
Clunk. The chain pulled tight.
'What ...!?' asked Salinger, his eye darting around, suddenly realizing not only what I had done, but that it had been pre-planned and executed. And then his eyes froze; locked onto my crotch, onto my big shiny red erect prick pointing menacingly directly at him from under my short skirt.
'Naomi, what are you doing?' tried Salinger again.
I said nothing. I just stood there, letting my Wonder Woman power-pose do all the talking, and, judging by eyes darting between my eyes and my dick, he was listening.
With my left hand I reached for my prick and wrapped my fingers around it. With my right I reached for the pump tube of lube tucked into the top of my right stocking and spread a good dollop along the top of my shaft for my left hand to slowly spread around.
And then he got it; finally putting the events of the day together: his earlier douches, the Geisha balls still resonating with his every movement from deep within his anus, my big red strap-on now threatening him.
'You can't!' he said, taking a step back. 'Not here. Not with that. It's huge!'
Still I said nothing. I just continued to slowly masturbate my new appendage. Then I raised my right hand to undo two more button of my blouse, enough to push the blouse aside and free my left breast to come out and play to be caressed by the cool night air, by my lube covered fingers, to the sound of the lady still singing in the shower.
Salinger's eyes were darting all over me, not knowing where to look. But when next he stared at my hand sliding over my dick I said, 'You know it goes all the way inside me. I'm essentially fucking myself with every tug.'
'Is that what you got at the shop this morning?'
'Yes... And more.'
'More?' he grunted.
'You like it?'
'Ahh. I guess.'
'You guess?'
'Yes. Yes! I like it.'
'You want some of it?' I asked.
His lips moved, but no sound came out.
'Down!' I commanded, pointing to my dick.
At the end of his chain Salinger got down on his knees, head level with his better; his harder, thicker, longer competitor. I took a step forward to shove it into his face.
'Suck it!'
And he did. First tentatively, but then he took the full head into his mouth. It was big, much bigger than him. He really had to stretch; I even felt a bit sorry for him, but I remembered one of the aspects of my fantasizing about this; to make him, a man, finally take a dick so deep that he too felt the reflex to gag. I grabbed him by the back of the head with my left hand, taking a fist full of those sensitive little hairs just above his neck and held him tight.
'Look at me!' I command as I began to slowly fuck him; ever deeper with every stroke. With my right hand under his chin I could feel his gullet expand with every thrust, till I felt my dick hit the back of his throat. He was breathing hard through his nose. From his mouth came only a frantic gurgling as he tried to pull back. But I only tightened my grip on his hair, only pausing my fucking for a moment to let him adjust. I felt my thumb get wet where it rested on his cheek; his eyes were streaming tears but they did not yet plead to stop. I resumed my slow fucking, working my cock even deeper down his throat; feeling its root push back inside me with every thrust. But I wanted more.
'Reach for my pussy,' I told him. Then watched as his eyes reacted with shock as his hand found the pump.
'Squeeze it,' I said, as I continued to work my double-ended dick down into his throat and up into my own dripping cunt.
And he did. Once. Twice. And It felt so good. I swear I could feel every molecule of air vibrate past the valve as it filled the bladder inside me. On either side of his fist I felt my stockinged thighs get wet; my own fluids mixing with those streaming from Salinger's chin. Tears and mucus expelled from his flared nostrils with his every panting breath mixing with spit overflowing from his mouth as he found it impossible to swallow around my pumping cock.
'More!' I commanded as I pumped harder against him. It felt so good.
When I finally heard his muffled squeals I caught myself with arched back looking up into the sky with vacant pleasure. I quickly pulled out and lowered myself to comfort Salinger while he briefly dry-retched at my feet. I wrapped my arms around him and cradled his sopping head against my naked breast. But my pity did not last long; quickly overruled by my unsatiated desire. I wanted more. I reached down to find his penis dangling, dribbling wet and half erect between his squatting thighs.
A few strokes was all it took before his hands reached down to do the same to me; his fingers hungry to explore my new cock.
'Masturbate me,' I told him as I sucked hard on his tongue. 'It goes in deep.'
And he did, tentative at first, then harder and harder as I responded to his every thrust. Between his legs I did the same to him; one hand along the top of his shaft, the other making ever longer strokes underneath it, till I was rubbing him from between his spread butt cheeks to the tip of his dribbling cock.
It was time.
I squeezed a small dribble of his pre-cum onto the fingertips then reached back for that opening of his that I had been preparing all day. I felt him want it, move back to take it in. My middle finger slipped right in, just to the first knuckle, before I could feel that it needed more lubricant. It was time to test another of Tristan's little gems of anal wisdom. I wiggled my finger around, curled it over towards me, towards his dick, wiggled some more, and then began to feel him reflexively react by pushing down on the stimulation. And there they were; his two Geisha balls chiming together as they pushed down onto my finger, and with them came, as promised by Tristan, gobs of his natural lubricant. She was right, the anus, when finding itself invaded by a foreign object, will produce its own silky thick mucus lubricant. But why? Had we evolved for anal sex? Or was it just for protecting the delicate inner membranes? And if so, then again, why? Why did we need to evolve protection from things shoved up our ass?
'You enjoying that?' I asked Salinger between our passionate kissing, as I continued to wiggle my finger against his chiming inner balls and stroking his cock with my other hand.
'Yes.'
'And that?' I asked, slipping the tip of my finger rhythmically out and in, pulling strands of his lubricant out with every stroke.
'Yes!'
'And what about this?' As I slipped my now well lubricated finger even deeper into his ass, curling it further toward his g-spot, right between his medicine balls.
'Ohhh! Yes, that's good,' said Salinger.
I pulled out then to start again with two fingers, working them back in all the way. Using my fingertips to massage one of the medicine balls against his g-spot. He squealed from that, loud enough that the singing stopped.
'Shh!' I commanded quietly, glancing up at the open window. But he only giggled. I had done it, gotten his body and brain so flooded with hormones that he did not, could not, give a shit about anything else but his own sexual satisfaction. It was time for the next level.
I pulled back an inch, just enough to get my third finger tip in, ready to work him even wider. Every time he felt too tight I would ease up for a few strokes and stimulate his "push spot", which he had by now been well enough trained to know to not resist the resulting push reflex. As such it did not take long before all my fingers were in up to the hilt. I then curled my fingers inside him creating a hook with which to hold him tight.
'Stand,' I demanded, pulling him up by his hooked anus with one hand and his balls by the other.
'Yes Ma'am!'
'Face the wall,' I said, releasing my fingered hook but still keeping a painfully firm grip on his balls. He did as he was told.
'Now bend over,' I commanded, reaching around behind him and working my fingers back into his butt before his sphincter closed too much. But he did not move.
'No,' he said, grinning down at me, testing me.
Christ, sometimes I wish he wasn't so damn tall. I took one long hard look directly up into his eyes, released his balls, pulled my fingers out of his ass, took one step back, then turned around and walk away; out of the alley and left down the street, heading home. I felt his eyes follow my every step around that corner, but I guarantee he was not grinning as he heard the clip of my heals on the pavement fade away.
I stopped, turned to listen to his frantic whispered calling of my name, but even that soon stopped as he grew afraid of drawing attention to himself.
And then I saw them, almost too late. It was my turn to get scared; a couple walking arm-in-arm towards me. They had almost reached the alley.Christ, I thought,Salinger had better not call out now, before immediately remembering my own predicament: my dick out, skirt riding high, left breasts hanging free, and nowhere to hide. I turned instinctively and with pounding heart walked quickly away; trying in vain to simultaneously hook my now very slippery dick back under my suspended and battling my blouse buttons closed.
I spotted steps on my left leading down to the dark shadows of a basement entrance. Perfect. I followed them down; stepping gingerly with my heals in the dark, not knowing what they might find. My hands abandoned their battle with my blouse to rather reach out in the dark for support from the cold black walls. Three steps down then 'CLICK'. My hiding place instantly dissolved in the security light that came on above the door. "37B", read the neat brass numbers above the four small clear glass panes of the door.Shit! I thought,Should I turn back?But it was too late now, I would have walked up directly into the approaching couple's path. I turned to face the door, stepped close to hide my exposure as best I could, and pretended to be opening the lock. Looking down under the bright light my mouth went dry; I simply could not be caught like this: My already too short skirt I had inadvertently tucked under my suspender with my dick, completely exposing my crotch; and my blouse was a mess of wet translucent streaks of lube and cum and God knows what, and bunched awkwardly on one side as a result of me having replaced the first button into the second hole - no wonder I had been unable to get the second button closed.
I had just undone the errant button to try to correct the situation when a light came on behind the door.
'Is somebody there?' Came the muffled voice of an elderly lady shuffling into view through the glass panes of the door.
Fuck!I thought.
But above me I could hear the voices of the couple walking past. Just in time. I scampered back up the stairs and turned right, away from them, away from the sound of the old lady opening her door, back to the alley.
About half way there I glanced around to make sure that this time I was properly alone then stopped to catch my breath and still my pounding heart; the quiet of the night immediately settling around me and calming me.Wow, that was close!I thought as I realized I was grinning to the point of my jaw muscles hurting. Had I really enjoyed it so much!
I turned and leant my back against the wall to better take it all in. In the distance I could hear the muffled sounds of the city, but here, in this quiet lane, a peace again prevailed. Above me I could see the brighter stars not drowned out by the city lights. All around me the random patchwork of yellow light rectangles hinted at the private lives that were unfolding behind them. The skin of my cleavage tickled to the feel of beads of nervous sweat cooling in the night air.
Suddenly I wanted to be naked, running down a warm beach at midnight, breasts flowing free, diving directly into the cold ocean waves.Next best thing,I thought, pulling my blouse from my skirt and ripping the very same buttons open that moments ago my hands had so battled to try to do up. My next thought did give me a moment's pause, but only a moment while I gave a quick glance around, then shrugged off the blouse completely and walked tall the last ten or so steps back to the alley with the blouse carried over my shoulder, like a man would his jacket on a hot summer's day.
I was going to make a grand entrance, but at the last second chose to first sneak a furtive look through the slats in the stack of pallets. I had to stifle my laugh; Salinger looked so desperately funny. He was alternating between straining against his chain and trying to look for me around the corner while also trying to pull his collar off, yank the chain off the rusted nail, frantically look around to make sure that nobody was watching and all while also trying to get his pants back over his stockinged legs.
'Naomi! Are you there?' I heard him whisper. 'This is not fucking funny!'
I was about to show myself when a slight movement caught my eye; a change in the light of the bathroom window. I froze and strained my eyes.Oh shit!She was there. She was watching! How much had she seen? Probably from when Salinger had squealed.Oh my Goodness, I thought, feeling my excitement rise. I could no longer deny it, I was an exhibitionist! And with that I rose up to show myself; almost naked, aroused, erect in three places and proud.
'Hi Babe,' I said.
'Naomi! Shit! You scared me.'
'Are you going to disobey me again?' I asked, looking up directly at the window and smiling.
'You kidding me?' said Salinger, as the eyes in the window ducked away.
'Do I look like I'm kidding?' I asked, standing legs wide, dick out, hands on my hips and my naked horny breasts glowing free in the shaft of lamp light. 'Now turn around and bend over'
He did hesitate a moment, contemplating both the carrot and the stick, before answering with a timid, 'Yes, Ma'am.'
'Spread your legs.'
The eyes in the window returned, unable to resist. I moved forward to give his right cheek a good hard slap.
Salinger stifled a cry.
I then squatted down beside him to get him ready again. I reached for his dangling dick with my mouth and for his butt whole with my fingers. It did not take long before he was respectively hard and loose again; before three of my fingers were sliding easily in and out of his cavity and pushing the Geisha balls against his prostate with every thrust; before soft groans of pleasure began again to escape Salinger's lips.
His pleasure was too much for me. I wanted, needed to be fucked too. To finally feel that pumped hard cock push back inside me by my every thrusts. I groped blindly for my bag, found my lube and tucked it into my stocking top before I raised myself up, keeping three fingers in his butt and my other hand on his back to keep him down. Then I moved into position behind him.
'Spread wider!' I commanded Salinger, slapping his inner thighs apart till his butt hole was perfectly aligned so as to replace my fingers with the tip of my big red dick. I reached for the lube and gave the tube a good squeeze to leave a wet trail from the base of my dick all the way along its glistening shaft to its sunken tip, and then up over the top crack of his butt from where it could slowly leak back down to where it could be collected by my every thrust.
I grabbed a hip in each hand and began a gentle rocking motion that gradually worked my dick deeper and deeper inside him; a motion that finally started the fucking inside me that I so craved. I could feel him pushing back, willing his butt hole wider, wanting to take me all the way in; but I was big and he was tight and it took a while before I could increase the speed and force of my thrusts to a truly satisfying bang.
Then it started to come together; he was fully open, I was sinking to the hilt with every thrust, his butt lube, natural and artificial, leaked out onto my thighs with every stroke, his whimpers developed into groans that he could no longer stifle. Now I could grab his shoulders, sink my nails in for grip, and pull him hard back to meet my every thrust.
'Fuck!' he cried. 'I am fucking coming!'
And he was. I looked down around his waist and saw the faint glint of light reflecting off a string of cum spreading down from his flaccid flapping dick onto my stockinged shins, to my shoes, onto the ground. Tristan had said how often men lose their erection while being butt-fucked, but not their ability to orgasm or cum. And here was the proof, floppy as he was the stream he produced seemed to flow from a fountain of youth - the more I thrust the more he dribbled and squirted in fits and bursts. It was time for the next level.
I reached down between the tangle of our legs and felt for the base of my cock, to find the little valve and click it forward. Then I ran my fingers down the tube to find the pump and began, very slowly, to squeeze.
'Oh my Gawd!' was all I got from Salinger, as he became aware of the donut ridge around my cock growing wider and wider inside him; squeezing his prostate ever more, milking him.
I remembered the shower lady then and glanced up to see that she was still there; her features a bit clearer now that she was leaning even further forward to better see; her eyes glued on the steady squirts and dribbles of cum flowing from Salinger's freshly squeezed prostate to join the expanding puddle between our legs.
'Honey,' I said, leaning forward onto his back to whisper it his ear.
'Yes,' he groaned.
'Don't you dare look, but you should know that shower lady is watching you.'
'What!?'
'Shh! Don't look! She's been watching you since I walked away,' I whispered.
'Jesus!' he said. Then, after a pause, 'Is she cute?'
'You dog, you!'
'Me?' he said. 'You the one who's been banging me the whole time while knowing!'
And he was right, I thought, as I also realized that I was jealous of her focus on Salinger. So I let go of his shoulders and arched my back, pushing my breasts out and moving my hands up to squeeze and claw them. It worked, it felt bloody marvelous and it pulled Shower Lady's attention on to me. Our eyes met. I smiled. She froze, but she did not move away. God, I was so turned on. I resumed my manic thrusting, not for Salinger, but because it felt so good to grind my mons and my clit against the top of my dick, to feel it push deep up inside me with every push, to see my actions having such power over Salinger, over me, over the lady in the window.
And then It came; my own big one; the uncontrolled vibrations rising up from my thighs, the contractions in my pussy aching to push my plug clean out, the shivering over my entire body, my neck muscles going rigid with strain, my vision blurring as my eyes rolled into the back of my head, the rolling explosions of fluid squirting in every direction out from my massively dilated pussy, and finally, that which I had so hoped for, the complete loss of control of my bladder, which now gushed it's very full load down my dick's custom urethral insert, through my erection, up and out, to squirt, to cum, deep in Salinger's ass, where every subsequent orgasmic thrust and shudder of my hugely inflated cock caused me to pump my our collected fluids back out of him, splashing against my thighs, round down our legs, to join the now quite substantial puddle on the floor beneath us.
I slumped forward over Salinger's back, exhausted, but still inside him, holding him close, allowing the post-orgasmic shudders to flow through me as they chose. But it did not take long before I felt him get restless, nervous. His brain kicking in.
'We should go,' he said.
Now was the time for the final test of my theory.
'Not yet, Slave. I am not sufficiently recovered.'
Then, not 10 seconds later, 'Seriously. We could get caught.'
'Could? Wewerecaught,' I said looking up at the window that was now closed. 'Besides, I'm not done yet,' I added as I reached around for his limp dick.
'You can't be ....' started Salinger. 'I just can't.'
I straightened up and began to slowly pull out of him. 'Christ, this thing is huge.'
'Trust me, I know!' said Salinger, wincing slightly as the still pumped up donut ring came up against the inside of his sphincter.
I had to release the air before I could pull it out. The gaping black hole left behind was almost unnatural. Fascinating. My hand moved toward it on its own accord as I felt an immediate need to fill it before it shrunk. With barely a pause I felt my hand slide inside him.
'Hey! Fuck, Naomi!' protested Salinger, trying to twist around. But I just curled my fingers into a fist, effectively locking me into him. He was going nowhere.
'Listen here,' I said, dropping to my knees and reached for his sloppy dick with my free hand, 'I have serviced you five or sick times today. I have sucked you, fucked you and wanked you since 10 O'clock this morning in ways that even you could not imagine, and to levels of orgasm that you didn't even know you were capable of.'
'And for that all I am incredibly grateful...,' said Salinger.
'And now it is my turn to be serviced,' I countered as I released my grip. 'Now I want to take me the same way, from behind.'
I stood up, maneuvering myself in front of Salinger, 'I want you now, el fresco, in my ass, with the root of this cock still deep inside my cunt.' I spread my arms out against the wall and pushed my butt out back towards him. 'I want to feel what it is like to have double penetration. So either you fuck me up the ass right now or you walk out there right now and find me a man who can.' The last bit was not serious but I needed to push him.
However, it was no use. He tried. God knows he tried. He bent down behind me and toyed with me, fingered me, ringed me, but no joy. He was simply no longer present. His energy was bouncing off the windows and down the alley, now paranoid that we would get caught. I smiled. It was just as I had anticipated, his dick brain was now asleep and his head, now back in control, was too wrapped in fear about being caught.
'Come now,' I said, turning around and reaching down to pull him up and hug him. 'Let's go home and watch a movie or something.'
'You sure?' asked Salinger with a look of relief.
'Yes, I'm sure'.
'Thank you,' said Salinger, relieved but still grinning. Then after a short pause. 'Really, thank you. That was quite amazing.'
'My pleasure,' I smiled back at him. 'Truly. Now I just better not forget to cancel that password email.'
--- end ---