Emily's Journey.
Emily felt that both her mental and physical sex lives were going pretty well. She was married to a very handsome engineer named Alex. They had known each other since university and they were as attracted to each other as they had been when they first started going out. Unfortunately, his career was going so well he was now in high demand in mines throughout western Queensland. So he had joined what was known as the FIFO (Fly-in-fly-out) workforce, and whilst he was on-site for weeks at a time she looked after their beautiful home and two children back in Brisbane.
Whenever he came home for a weekend or longer they would just about wear each other out with their fucking. The kids would spend at least part of the time at her parents', being looked after so that they could spend whole evenings carelessly ravishing each other and even going out for romantic dinners that ended with elaborate hotel sex.
When Alex was away they would send each other erotic emails and swap sexy photos. But inevitably she would feel the time weigh heavily on her hands after the kids went to bed and found herself having more and more lurid fantasies. So, she had found herself writing erotic fiction. Her stories would involve anything she found herself thinking about late at night as she masturbated in bed. Sometimes they were things she had done and liked to dwell on, sometimes they were things she wanted to try. And sometimes they were things she didn't believe she would be able to talk about, even with Alex. Sometimes, after she got up and wrote down her ideas in the middle of the night when she was close to orgasm, she could barely bring herself to read them back to herself the next day once she had packed the kids off to school.
At university Emily had studied journalism and been a very keen creative writer. Back then she had written everything from Harry Potter fan fiction to melodramatic regency romances. She didn't mind that she had not become the next J K Rowling but she did miss the process of writing. Now she had rediscovered her love of writing in recording her erotic fantasies.
But what to do with the stories? She knew she could send them to Alex and he would be turned on. But now she had written them she felt every author's need to have them read. Would they turn other people on? Could men and women she didn't even know be aroused by her own thoughts and words. She had to admit the thought excited her. She pictured people all over the world sitting in their own homes and getting off to her stories.
So she had done some browsing and found a website that posted erotic stories. It seemed to cater to just about anything that could possibly turn anyone on or off. In addition to the stories themselves there were chatrooms, notice boards, interest groups and quite literally hundreds of thousands of people from all over the world interacting over sexual issues at any moment.
At first she had just set up an account under the name SarahX. After all, she didn't have any control over who was reading the stories and didn't want some weirdo stalking her. And even though she was now living in Brisbane, she listed her location as Sydney. So she now had a mental image of her own alter ego. SarahX was a pen name she had written under once in college when writing for a political publication and she had day dreams about the exciting life Sarah led in an inner Sydney apartment with a full sex life and pumping out pornographic stories for the masses.
Once she had set up the profile she added a photo. She wanted to attract people to her stories and had to admit that she found the idea of turning strangers on thrilling. So she had settled for a picture of herself sitting at her computer with just her ample cleavage showing. Anyone who clicked on SarahX now got a shot of her leaning forward into her computer screen with just her lipsticked mouth and large breasts almost spilling out of her polka dot bra.
Inevitably, the personal messages had started flooding into her inbox. She pretty much ignored them. Some were pushy, some were polite and some were downright disturbing! The only ones she took the time to respond to were the ones which were directed purely at her stories and she had had some interesting exchanges about writing and the nature of erotic literature. She also spent a little time on the discussion boards. It was honestly fascinating to her what turned people on. And the more she spoke to others about their kinks and fantasies the more ideas she got. Mostly for stories but to be honest she found that now when Alex was away and she masturbated, more often than not she pictured herself in wild scenes inspired by stories and kinks she had read about.
The last time Alex had been home she had told him about the site and they had read the stories she had posted together and browsed through the boards. After that they had had some incredible sex and really had a great session exploring exactly what things excited them both. But now he was away again and she found herself spending a lot of late nights on the site, posting stories and interacting with other members. She had even come to appreciate the flirting. She knew that Alex would not mind and, hey, a girl likes to feel appreciated. One night she was feeling particularly feisty. Alex had been gone for two weeks and she sent him an email suggesting that he should create his own profile and have some fun with her online.
There was no way that he was likely to start writing erotic fiction, but she figured that they could certainly role-play a little sexual flirting. A couple of hours later she got a rude shock when he emailed back.
"Ha, I did join Babe. I even sent you a message, but you never responded so I guessed you weren't interested in playing!"
She immediately wrote back asking him what his profile name was but received a maddening response.
"Oh no. It's not that easy. You'll need to figure it out. After all, any game needs its challenge."
"!!" Was all she could send in response. She petulantly shut down her email and sulked for a while. But as he had known she would, she soon brought up her profile and went straight to her inbox.
"Let's see who's been in touch with Sarah over the last two weeks," she thought to herself as she scrolled through.
There was a total of 29 messages that had been sent since he had left to go to Mt Isa. Quite a few referenced a particular story she had written, or a comment she had left on a board, where she tended towards the explicit. Others were just more in the way of general chat ups.
Firstly, there were none that used the name of Alex or any variation she could recognise. Fair enough, she had avoided using her own name as well. And none gave a location of Brisbane, Mt Isa or anywhere else in Queensland. 7 were from Australia, but the others were mostly from the UK or the USA, although there were one each from Canada and Germany. And most either had no image attached or used impersonal avatars. A couple had face pictures or body parts, but then she supposed he could easily have simply hijacked one if he had wanted to.
So she sat down and read through 29 messages. Three were from women so she sent off friendly replies to those but narrowed her list to 26. 5 contained approaches simply offensive or abusive. She was a fan of dirty talk but at least be friendly about it! So that left her with 21. She ruled out another 4 whose writing suggested they had trouble using any form of a sentence properly. Alex may have been an engineer, but he could still write like he had a brain in his head.
So that left 17. After a great deal of thought she struck off another 5 who had sent messages that contained nothing but a single, simple phrase such as "Hi" or "How are you Doing?" She figured he wouldn't want to open the game with something so unlikely to get her attention.
So she had 12 left. 2 were in Australia, 4 from the UK, 5 from the US and one from Germany. They ranged from the polite and enquiring to the quite urgently sexual. After reading them all she had some thoughts but wasn't confident enough to cross any more off.
She spent an hour or so crafting a short reply to each message. She tried to tailor them to the tone of the original message. So while some writers got a dose of her at her sexiest, others got a brief chat about writing. But she made sure she ended each message with the same coupe of lines.
"Thanks again for writing to me. I really hope to hear from you again. I am married, but my husband is away for long periods and I find it much easier to relax and have a good time online than trying to go out. So if you would like to keep in touch I think we can have some fun. Lots of love SarahX"
As soon as she hit send she wanted to see the replies come in. But it was late at night now where she was, and she couldn't even be bothered figuring out what it was in other parts of the world, so she forced herself to shut down the computer and go to bed. That night, she played with herself imagining 12 guys in different parts of the world reading her message and thinking about what they would like to do to her.
The next day was insanely busy. She got the kids to school, ran errands, met with a friend, and then had teacher interviews in the afternoon. It wasn't until the evening that she got to sit down and open up her profile. 11 of the men had responded! She read each slowly. While she was looking for clues, she also found herself becoming aroused. Even by messages that it quickly became apparent could not have been from her husband. 4 sent photos of themselves. And this time she felt confident that they were of the actual sender. 2 had included pictures of their cocks. And she knew they weren't Alex's. Although one was a very impressive beast and she sat watching it and even played with her nipples for a while. But she narrowed it down to 7 and then struck off another two who insisted that she contact them on KIK or other platforms that Alex would know that she did not have.
So of the 5 that were left there was one Australian, from Sydney where she had claimed to be herself, who wanted her to meet him that weekend and even gave his address. She felt she could cross him off. Another man explained that he was an older widower himself and that while he didn't expect any sort of explicit sexuality, he loved to talk to all sorts of women. He then discussed his own family and what his children did at some length. Emily couldn't believe that Alex would set up such a character so sent a long chatty message in return but crossed him off her list of suspects.
So she was left with three. The first claimed to be Omaha211, a 24 year old man studying in California. He was into all sorts of sports and claimed to be studying engineering. Was that a hint? He had not included any sort of photo and his avatar seemed to be some sort of sports team logo. Emily did not know the first thing about sports but she knew Alex followed a lot of different teams, so she suspected it just might be him. Omaha had told her about himself, described how much he enjoyed chatting on the site and then delivered some quite gushing compliments about the breasts in her profile picture.
So she sent a message telling him she thought he sounded great and confessing she just loved an American accent. She talked about the things she got up to during the day, dwelling on the lying around in her underwear and then said she hoped he would tell her what turned him on most and promised to do the same if he did.
The second finalist was D'Arcy, who only gave his location as the US. Emily got a strong possible vibe from this one because Alex knew very well that her favourite book of all time was Pride and Prejudice. In his profile he listed his favourite authors, several of whom were also on her list, and in his message he had claimed to be a frustrated writer and hoped they could swap some well written smut! It sounded like an advance that Alex might just make and so she sent a message agreeing to his deal. She told him that if he would describe his last sexual experience to her she would do the same for him.
The final man she had selected said he was from London. His username was Chelsea37 and he told her that he was an insomniac and would happily write to her at any time. Emily knew that Alex often found it hard to sleep when away on jobs and would indeed send her emails at any time of the night. She also suspected he might choose London as a site because they had taken their honeymoon there. So for him she sent a story of the night they had had adventurous sex in a hotel room in Picadilly. She also sent a picture of an 'I Love London' tshirt she had bought herself as a joke, stretched very tightly across her breasts.
After she had sent the messages she went to bed and slept fitfully. The next day Alex was due home for the weekend and she was hoping to find out what he thought of his message. When he arrived, thoughts of the website almost faded away. They had a wonderful time together seeing family and friends and also had a lot of amazing sex. To her surprise neither of them mentioned the messages. When she was first with him she had asked him if he'd received anything interesting and raised her eyebrow. He'd responded with a similarly vague reply and they had then quickly progressed to sex.
At one point they did both compare notes and told each other the most arousing story they had read on the site during the week. Her favourite had been a story about a prim secretary getting her brains fucked out by her boss. He had fancied one in which a ship captain's daughter gets double teamed by two crew members. So those scenarios became the basis for some role play of their own. 4 days later it was time for him to fly out again and she was no closer to picking which of the three he was. And she had not checked her messages in all that time.
As they were waiting at the airport she told him that she just might send out some messages that night.
"I think that would be a good idea," he replied. "After all, I know a lot of guys get quite lonely and would love to chat with someone like you... Sarah!" He whispered the last word in her ear and she felt a shiver run from her ear straight to her pussy.
As soon as she got home she hopped straight online to see what messages she had received. She had many, many new messages from guys she had not heard from in the past and a few of the rejected finalists had responded again. Of the three men she considered candidates there was only one message. She was faintly dissapointed. Obviously, Alex would not have had much time to spend on line any more than she had. So she supposed it stood tor reason.
Omaha211 had sent a very enthusiastic message to her outlining his turn ons. Apparently these included getting very wet blow jobs and women wearing glasses, which Emily had already confessed she did. He also said he liked roleplay and anal sex. Emily and Alex had tried anal sex and she knew he was keen to do it more so it suggested he could be behind it. Emily sat and thought about how to respond. Was this Alex? Could she bring him out in some way?
She told him that she was sorry she had not responded earlier as her husband had been home for the weekend. She then confessed that she hadn't had any anal sex that weekend but that she wished she had. She then attached a photo of her own ass in a gstring with her hand resting casually on her hip, holding her black rimmed reading glasses. She sulkily asked him if he thought her husband had been remiss in failing to fuck her ass thoroughly. She then told him that when she masturbated she usually fantasised about giving strangers blow jobs in public spaces. After a moment's hesitation she also admitted that she often thought about giving one of her husband's good friends oral sex whenever he was away. This wasn't really true, but she wanted to see if Alex would rise to the bait.
The next morning she packed the kids off to school and then checked her profile again. She was thrilled to see that she had an email from each of her three contenders. On a whim she quickly did a couple of jobs that required doing and then sat herself in her bed in a loose tshirt and nothing else to read her mail.
D'Arcy had sent her an incredibly erotic message outlining his last encounter. He told her he had met with a married woman from the site and taken her back to his house. She had confessed to a fantasy about getting pregnant to a stranger. She and her husband had been trying to have children but had found he was unable to have his own. So they had decided that she would be free to take certain 'liberties' within the marriage. Not only had she found that she loved the anonymity of sex with people she met online. But her husband actually got turned on by the knowledge that his wife was having meaningless fuck sessions with people she flirted with online. She had stayed at D'Arcy's place for the weekend and they had wound up having unprotected sex constantly. He had usually cum in her sopping wet pussy, although he had insisted she swallow his load a couple of times and she seemed only too happy to agree.
Reading the intimate details of the weekend Emily found herself playing with her pussy and slowly rubbing her hard nipples. Would Alex come up with a fantasy like that? It seemed unlikely but it still played on the theme of the naughty wife, so maybe?
Emily, told D'Arcy how much his story had turned her on and then made up her own reply. She claimed that she had been standing on a Sydney train a couple of weeks ago when she realised that the constant bumping against her of the passenger behind her had to be more than accidental. Turning to confront him she saw a very attractive man only a few years her senior so she had given him a smile and turned back to the front. The next time he had 'bumped' against her she had firmly held her position so that he could hold his crotch against her firm ass and leg for a moment. This had continued until her stop. Just before she alighted she had let her hand drop and deliberately caress the bulge of his cock for a while. When she got off she turned to look him in the eye and he immediately stepped down as well. She then turned and walked briskly to her house and saw that he followed her at a distance of several metres. Once home, she had gone into the house, undressed and quickly moved into her own room. A few moments later he had walked in to find her stretched naked on the bed, expecting him. He had quickly undressed and climbed on top of her. What had followed had not been delicate or romantic. Instead, he had simply fucked her. Quickly and roughly. He had soon groaned and pumped her full of his seed. He then climbed off, dressed quickly and left. She had no idea of his name or anything else about him. And her pussy still ached a little when she thought of the experience.
After typing the message Emily lay back and re-read his, slowly building herself up to a pounding orgasm. Lying exhausted in her bed, she added an explanation of what she had just done and sent it off.
She then opened Chelsea's email and saw a photo of him, also wearing an 'I Love London' tshirt. The picture made it perfectly clear that he could not be Alex. His arms were visible and displayed a half sleeve tattoo to the elbow on the right arm. Alex did not have any tattoos and it seemed unlikely that he would be able to create such a specific picture as a red herring. Emily thought she should probably add him to the discard pile. On the other hand, she had always been aroused by tattoos and lying naked in her post orgasmic glow she certainly didn't want to flick him immediately. So she quickly told him she had decided she didn't want to wear hers anymore. She then took a photo of herself lying back in bed with the tshirt lying on the next to her. She made sure that her face was not visible, but her breasts lay nicely pushed up between her arms and the sheets just covered her swollen pussy. There was even a hint of bush peaking out. She attached the photo and sent it off before she could change her mind.
She then opened her response from Omaha. He told her what he thought of her photo. The theme mostly centred around him grabbing her hips and pushing his cock as far into her tight little butt as he could. His description was very graphic and as she read it she could feel herself getting wet again. She sent him a quick response telling him that if he was there just then she would let him fuck her ass until she couldn't sit down for a week. And for what it was worth, she thought that she probably would!
Moments after she hit send, he responded. He asked her if she was alone and what she was doing. Could this be Alex? She had to admit, once he was away on the site she didn't know exactly what his shifts were like and so it was just possible he could be free. And the numbers meant it was down to a 50/50 chance.
She told him that she was lying in bed and feeling very horny. When he asked her if she was playing with herself she told him that she had already cum when sending a message to another guy. Would that get a challenge if this was Alex. Omaha certainly didn't seem to mind. He told her he thought it was hot and told her that he was going to cum thinking about fucking her ass. He told her he wanted her to turn her camera on so he could see her in bed, a request she politely but firmly refused. So he then asked if he could see her face. Again she said that she didn't feel like she wanted to surrender anonymity by showing him her face. She did say that when she was with guys she liked them to spray cum all over her face and so that hopefully one day soon he would see it.
He continued to send her short messages. She sent him longer and longer ones in response, enjoying the thought that at the other end he was getting close to cumming. She told him what she liked, what filthy things she had done. It turned her on to mix completely made up stories of the slut Sarah, with things that she had actually done herself.
Soon he bemoaned the fact that he couldn't see her live. "How do I even know you're a woman?" he asked, "You could be a truck driver from Nebraska."
"My tits, didn't convince you?" she teased him.
"They could be any stock image," he responded, "They look like a model's anyway." She smiled at the flattery and bit her lip. Jumping out of bed she rummaged in her bedside table and extracted a black felt tip pen. Sitting up with her blonde hair falling to the front of her shoulders and her free breasts sitting perfectly balanced, she carefully wrote SARAHX across her cleavage. Checking the effect out in the mirror she then took a picture and sent it off to him. A minute later he wrote back, "Fucking amazing! You are gorgeous. Now I want to see my name under them!"
Smiling she picked up the pen again and wrote OMAHA211 underneath her breasts, so that it sat perfectly across her sternum. She then took another photo and sent it off. Even she had to admit the effect was incredibly arousing. It was a mixture of the intimate and the highly exposed. She had somehow submitted to control while safe in the anonymity and comfort of her own bed to someone who was either her husband on a remote mine-site, or a complete stranger on the other side of the world, depending on how you looked at it. Two minutes later she had a message from Omaha telling her he had just cum imagining covering her marked tits with his blow.
Finally closing the laptop she lay back and brought herself to another orgasm looking down at her branded chest. Later, when she got up she pulled on a t-shirt without a bra but consciously left the writing in place. She spent the rest of the day doing housework and even picked up the kids with it still on her chest. Even though no-one else could see it, she loved knowing it was there, waiting under her shirt. That night when she was showering she slowly removed it with soap and water. Sliding into bed she couldn't resist one more check of the site. The cheeky bastard had made the picture his profile photo! There it was. Her round full breasts with her profile name above it and his below. And she could tell by the number of comments it had received that the feedback was entirely positive. Predictably, her inbox was now overflowing. There were dozens of requests for similar pictures, and more from other men. She even had a message from the site itself, telling her that her profile name was now one of the most searched on the site. She went to bed feeling like some kind of social media soft porn superstar.
The next fortnight flew by. She found time every day to check the site. She masturbated more than she ever had at any time in her life. She had not succeeded in getting any closer to identifying her husband and to be honest some days she forgot what game she was even playing. She continued to swap emails with all three of her main admirers, even though she was almost certain that Chelsea was not a contender. She also found herself commenting on boards and getting flirty with others who happened to capture her attention or impress her with their writing. She found she now had her own discussion thread where other members discussed her stories, comments and pictures. Each of her three admirers had contributed, along with several others she had had some contact with and many more she didn't seem to remember. All the while, her inbox racked up the mail. She read many of them. Quite a few were ridiculous and badly composed tripe. About half she didn't even bother opening once she read the title. But there were always guaranteed to be a few that would inspire her to snuggle back in bed and bring herself to powerful and often repeat orgasms.
Two weeks later she found herself settling in for a hell of a show. Her messages had become increasingly vivid. All three men now had pictures of her tits and pussy. She had never yet shown any of them her face, But she had made herself, and presumably them, cum many times by talking about what she wanted to do to them and let them do to her. Her personal thread was now many pages long and many other guys were begging to be sent the kind of pictures that her own admirers occasionally shared with others. She didn't mind that. In fact she had expressly told them they could. She enjoyed the responses she got generally and she became aroused reading how men she would never meet talked freely about cumming while looking at her pics.
But tonight was different. tonight she had promised them a live show. And she had honestly told them that there would be others watching to give whichever one was actually Alex a chance to call it off. But so far he had been silent. So she had a date at 9pm to masturbate for a group of three men on camera!
After the children were in bed she had a shower and made sure her pussy was completely shaved, after all it was about to be on screen. She had a couple of glasses of wine to get in the mood and then sat down in front of the laptop. All three guys were already logged on and teased her a little as she got ready. Eventually, she turned on her laptop camera and could see what they could. She was sat in front of the screen in just a black lacy g-string. Her breasts hung down into view and you could even see her hair falling down to her nipples. A chat bar on screen showed her that her three admirers were logged on and that they could chat with each other. Slowly, she showed them the lube and dildo she had with her to play with. They begged her to turn on her microphone and so eventually she did. Emily could then talk them through her actions, while they could only respond in text. She told them that she was already wet and hoped that they would let her know when they came because they were certainly going to know when she did.
Their responses got her incredibly excited. They had not heard her voice before and all of them told her that they would now be able to imagine her moans of pleasure better when they thought of her.
Emily lay back and watched as her shaven little snatch was pushed closer to the camera. She then began sliding her middle finger of her right hand along her moist labia, while her left hand could be seen slowly caressing and squeezing her nipples. Omaha proudly bragged that his cock was now in his hand and he wanted to spray all over her hot snatch. This made Emily push herself forward even more and slip her finger inside her pussy.
As she watched the text bar she was shocked to see a 4th username pop up on the viewing list. It was a name she had seen in her inbox many times. Forgetting she was on the microphone she said the name out loud and wondered how the fuck he had managed to log on. He explained quickly that the link had been posted in the 'SarahX' discussion thread and he had seen that there was going to be a show. Did she mind?
No, she answered honestly. Her blood was pounding through her body and there was no way she could have stopped now. Three or four made no difference to her so she lazily told him that as long as he agreed to cum for her then he was welcome to stay. He hastily agreed and she smiled happily and picked up the pace. She also moved her left hand to her other nipple and began pinching hard. As she let out her first moan she realised there were now 6 guys watching her. Every time another name popped up her libido seemed to kick up a notch, she started to welcome them each by name in a husky voice and hoped they would like what they saw.
It became harder and harder to cope with the distraction and she gave herself up to her rising arousal by the time 23 names were listed. By then they were all engaged with each other. Every guy wanted to say exactly what he wanted to do and their graphic and escalating pornography made her want to buck in front of the hungry stares.
When the number reached fifty she swore aloud and started to moaningly tell them what she was fantasising about. At that moment it was them all being in the room with her so that she could see all those beautiful cocks being pumped and primed to spray their jizz all over her.
She reached over and grabbed a lubricated dlido and proudly held it close to the computer to ask them what she thought she should do with it. A lot asked her to suck it and quite a few thought she should slip it into her ass. But the consensus seemed to be exactly what she was planning, which was to stuff it up her achingly wet pussy. She now had 78 guys, or possibly girls, watching as she began to insert the thick blue rubber into her twat.
At first, she moved it slowly forward but soon she found it easier to hold the base and push her slippery pussy down the shaft towards the screen. She was now actually using the nails of her left hand to pinch her nipples as hard as she could. She could feel an orgasm coming and glanced at the screen again. She could see her own glistening lips spread wide around a thrusting dildo. It was like watching herself make amateur porn, and the 112 guys now watching her were sharing their thoughts with each other so quickly she had no chance of reading the text as it flew up the screen.
She lay back and had a massive shuddering orgasm. Her back lifted off the bed and her pussy juddered just inches from the screen as her fist held onto the dildo as if for life itself.
Eventually, she sat forward. Sweat ran down between her breasts and she felt momentarily too exhausted to even remove the dildo. She watched it slip slowly from her stretched pussy on the screen as if it was happening to someone else.
Dozens of men told her they had just cum sitting in front of their screens watching her. Many more begged to be told when she was back on.
"I don't know," she drawled into the microphone. "My husband is home tomorrow. What's he going to think when I tell him about this?" The suggestions about how she should handle her husband's arrival varied from homicide to filming herself fucking him on screen. But she noticed that neither Omaha, Chelsea nor D'Arcy chose to take the bait. They all commented on her performance but none gave any indication that they were not who they claimed to be. "Oh well," she thought to herself, "if he could keep the game going so could she."
The next day she picked Alex up at the airport and spent a great evening with the kids. This time she couldn't get the last night out of her mind. Had he been as turned on as she was by the display? Was he furious? Or had he made himself cum, knowing his wife was cumming in front of strange men from New Zealand to Alaska.
At last, when they were alone she tried to casually ask him if he had been on the site much recently. He was unpacking a bag and seemed to absent-mindedly think about it for a minute and then shrugged. "Not really, Honey" he said. "I have missed you like hell but I just haven't had much time in the evenings."
He was being maddeningly coy. She wanted to share their experiences. She wanted to know if he was turned on as much as she was. Exasperated, she eventually juty blurted out, "So you haven't enjoyed our little chats at all?"
He was confused for a second and then lifted his head, "Oh, that! Right! Sorry I forgot all about it. Well, Emily when you didn't respond I just assumed you had lost interest. I've still been logging on to read a couple of stories and check out some porn. But you know me, 5 minutes browsing and I'm done." He gave a little chuckle at his own joke but stopped when he saw the shocked look on her face.
"I'm really sorry Babe. I didn't know you wanted me to follow it up. I just sent a single message that said 'hi' and I never heard back from you. I figured you had given up on it to. I mean, I like the stories, but who wants to waste time with a bunch of weirdos in chat rooms. Right?"
Emily nodded wordlessly as he finished unpacking then jumped into bed. As he moved in closer he hesitated again. "I mean, if you like I can try to meet up with you again some time, maybe have a little fling," he gave a non-committal shrug.
Coming out of a stupor Emily laughed nervously and reassured him. "Nah, you're right. It's a waste of time anyway. Probably best just to check out the stories. If I want to send you anything personal I have your email address," she flicked off the light so that he couldn't see the flush on her cheeks.
"Anyway," he murmured moving himself on top of her and starting to kiss his way down her neck. "One man's all you need right Emily?" Emily happily murmured her consent as her body began to respond to his movements. And that was entirely true, she thought to herself as his cock slipped inside her. And once he was gone, Sarah was going to get exactly what she needed too.