Chapter 2: The Biology Class
Mr Beddington walked purposefully into the class of eighteen-year-olds at Beechwood High School sixth form. They were patiently awaiting his arrival. He placed his briefcase on the teacher's desk and looked around the class at the casually dressed boys and the girls who were totally naked except for a pair of four-inch heels. "Now, I understand that Mr Pettigrew has given you a general idea of the work of Professor Petsford. He, of course, will have dealt with it from the historical point of view and will have given you some idea of why the professor's work was so necessary in order to restore society and improve its structure. I shall be dealing with the biological side of the professor's work and we shall be examining the usefulness of the clitoris ring."
One of the boys put up his hand.
"Yes Jack?"
"Will we be seeing how the ring works sir?"
"Indeed you will," replied the teacher. "These classes will not be theoretical. You are to regard them as part of your sex education, and, quite naturally, we will be using some of the girls to illustrate certain aspects of our studies. Depending on which careers you choose, some of you will be deciding to get married in a year or two, so you will need an intimate knowledge of the female body. As sexual intercourse is, of course, totally banned except between husband and wife, you will only need to study this matter towards the end of the year. "
When their teacher said "using some of the girls," several of the boys looked at each other and grinned, but the girls looked distinctly apprehensive.
Mr Beddington resumed: "Now I want you all to take out your biology notebooks, the ones with the drawing pages interleaved, as you'll need to make some diagrams."
The class put their books on their desks and settled down to hear what their teacher was about to say.
"Before I deal with the clitoris ring, I want to say a few things about the clitoris itself so I'll need a girl to help me. Myra, come here." He spoke to an attractive blonde in the front row. She walked out and stood in front of her teacher. He put his arm around her waist, his other arm behind her legs and lifted the naked girl onto his desk.
"Now, Myra, just open your legs as I want to talk about your clitoris." Mr Beddington now had the full attention of the whole class. "Long before the days of Professor Petsford, it was known that the clitoris had no other use than to give a female pleasure. Indeed it may be looked upon as the very centre of female sexuality. It is the most sensitive part of the female body and has more nerve endings than even the tip of the male organ which, as you boys well know, is also very sensitive."
A hand shot up. "Yes, Simon?"
"Is that why girls rub their clitorises when they're masturbating, sir?"
"Yes, indeed. Even a slight touch or a flick with a finger can give a female quite a pleasurable sensation. Let me demonstrate."
He turned to Myra and, putting his hand between her open legs, gave her naked clitoris several quick flicks with his index finger. She instantly raised one leg and bent forward as the sexual sensation ran through her. She turned bright red with embarrassment.
Her teacher smiled at her and then looked at the class. "You see, it didn't take much to get her going did it? Now, Myra, when you masturbate do you start by rubbing your clitoris or do you finger your vagina?"
This personal and humiliating question made the girl turn an even brighter shade of red as she stammered . . . "I . . . er, um . . . I . . . well . . ."
"Come on Myra, out with it! Which do you do first? Or do you do both at the same time?" There were loud giggles from all the boys who were enjoying the probing questions.
"I . . er . . . I think I rub my clitoris first, sir," admitted the embarrassed blonde looking down at the desk she was standing on.
"Right!" said Mr Beddington with an expansive laugh. "Now we all know. We'll be experimenting with a number of girls later, getting them to show us how they masturbate and we'll be comparing manual and oral stimulation with the help of some of the boys, and finally the dynamic effect of using the clitoris ring to its full potential."
The teacher spread his hands on the desk in front of him and leaned forward with a wide smile. "I want to say a word now to all the girls. You would all have had your clitoris ring fitted soon after you were born, and, up until now, you've never been able to remove it. Well, part of the professor's plan was to provide men with a hand set not only for operating the clitoris ring but also for removing it if they should wish to do so. I have here a master hand set with the code of all your rings programmed into it and I'm now going to unlock them so that you can temporarily remove them." He pressed a button on his hand set. There was a ripple of excitement from all the girls as they felt the rings move. Soon they were holding them up in amazement and studying them closely.
He paused slightly and then went on. "Now, I'm enough of a realist to know that some of you boys have considerable knowledge of female anatomy, but I want you now to experiment. All the girls who are sitting next to a boy, put your hands on your heads and open your legs." The girls instantly obeyed wondering what was coming next.
"Now, gentlemen, it's important to know exactly where the clitoris is found. It's about the size of a pea and just above the vagina so I want you to feel between the legs of the girl you are sitting with until you find her clitoris. On this occasion you will have no help by just locating the ring. When you've found it you will most certainly know by the reaction of the girl. You can give it a sharp rubbing, then you will definitely know you've found it by her squeals. When you've found it I want you to put up your hand."
There was a moment's pause before the first hand went up then a few more in quick succession as a chorus of subdued "oohs" and "aaaahs" from the girls went around the class. Eventually every hand was up.
"Thank you gentlemen. Now you all know exactly where to find the clitoris and how you can use it to sexually stimulate a female. Now, girls, I want you to kneel on your desks with your legs open, and I want all the gentlemen to make a drawing of your genital area and label the clitoris."
There was a lot of bumping and scrabbling as the girls got into position and the boys started looking intently between their open legs to draw their genitals. When they'd finished, Mr Beddington pinned a large poster on the blackboard. It was a drawing of a vagina and a clitoris which was clearly labelled.
"Now, gentlemen, I want you to compare your drawings with this poster so that you are quite certain where to look for the clitoris. Are you all quite happy with your work so far?" All the boys agreed that they were now quite familiar with the position of the clitoris.
Mr Beddington beamed his pleasure. "I want the girls to hand their rings to the boys. You will notice, gentlemen, that the rings are now split. I want you to insert the ring back into the clitoris and snap it shut. The girls watched fascinated as the boys did this. Mr Beddington pressed another button on his hand set. "Now you will find that the rings are again locked in position and cannot be removed." The girls were then allowed to sit down again.
"I want you all to make notes on what you have just seen while I set up the next experiment. While the note-making was proceeding, the teacher cleared the long lab bench at the front of the class. When he'd taken away all the clutter he spoke to the class again. He looked directly at Mark.
"Mark, I'd like you to come out here for a moment." Mark walked out to join his teacher on the other side of the lab bench. He looked slightly puzzled. "I understand that you know quite a lot about the girls in this class," said Mr Beddington with a smile.
Mark looked at him with a surprised smile. "Me, sir?" he said innocently.
Mr Beddington put a hand on his shoulder. "Word gets around in the staff room you know my boy," he said with a knowing wink. Now I want you to choose three girls for our next experiment; one whom you consider to be very sexy and mad on boys, one who is just about average and one who is not too keen, perhaps even a bit frigid.
"How do you mean, frigid sir?" asked Mark.
"Well, a bit cold and not particularly interested in sex."
Mark looked directly at the girl who sat next to him - Lucy. She was a very attractive girl with a nice slim figure and firm pointed breasts. "I think Juicy Lucy will do for number one sir," he said with a laugh. "I noticed that when I was drawing her clitoris it kept getting bigger. I had to rub it out twice and re-draw it." At this hilarious remark all the boys burst into laughter.
Mark chose Jennifer for the second girl. She was a strawberry blonde and slightly shorter than Lucy. For the third girl he chose Sheila, a very slight and demure blonde with very small breasts.
"Thank you, Mark," said Mr Beddington. "Now, you three girls come out here and climb up on the bench. You can remove your shoes so you'll be able to kneel better." Mark put his hand under Lucy's bottom to help her up onto the bench, much to the amusement of some of the boys who noticed him doing it. Lucy just smiled and blushed.
"Right, girls. Now kneel down on the bench and spread you legs wide apart. I want the three of you to give us a demonstration of how you masturbate. The girls looked shocked and turned bright red with embarrassment and humiliation.
"Gentlemen, bring your chairs forward and sit in front of the bench. Bring your notebooks with you so that you can make notes on all that happens. All the other females can stand behind you and watch. Remember, girls, if you are fortunate enough to be chosen as a wife, you will need to know all about the sexual functions of your bodies, and the best ways to use them to please your husbands."
There was a general excited hubbub amongst the class as all the movement took place, but eventually the whole class were sitting quietly looking up at the three naked girls who were about to finger themselves off.
Mr Beddington spoke again. "The real genius of Professor Petsford lay in the fact that he realised that females were so incomplete and flawed sexually that they were almost useless at giving pleasure to men which, naturally, should always be their main purpose in life. They should always be ready to perform sexually whenever their husbands need it. It was the skillful use of the clitoris ring which enabled this to happen making all females selfless servants of men, obedient, willing and instantly compliant. It is the nature of a man to be superior and he requires sexual gratification from a well trained female. This is, in effect, an acknowledgement by the woman of the man's superiority." All the boys nodded their agreement.
Lucy, Jennifer and Sheila knelt motionless on the long bench wondering when their ordeal would begin. They didn't have long to wait. Mr Beddington addressed the trio in a bright and cheerful voice. "Right girls! I expect you usually use your middle finger when you masturbate so give it a good lick now." The three girls shyly placed their fingers in their mouths.
"Good! That's just fine," said their teacher with a smile. "Now, I want you all to start together so we'll do a countdown from three, then I want you to start."
All the boys leaned forward in keen anticipation as they and the girls standing behind them started their count: "Three . . . two . . . one . . . Go!"
Lucy put her finger inside her vagina immediately and started stroking it. She smiled self-consciously at Mark. Jennifer, seeing Lucy starting, followed suit, but Sheila looked around her in a helpless panic until encouraged by Mr Beddington. "Come on, Sheila! Start fingering or you'll take all day to come." Realising there was no way out, she slowly inserted her finger inside her shaved vagina and began stroking.
All three girls had a lot of encouragement from the boys by way of catcalls and whistles. Lucy was turned on by this and her pussy lips started to open and turn bright red. There were more comments from the boys who leaned further in her direction.
"Oooh! Look at those pinks lips guys!"
"She's starting to get a bit juicy already."
Lucy's finger stroking started to get faster and deeper and she was biting her bottom lip as she tilted her head back."
"She's living up to her 'Juicy Lucy' name," called out Bob.
"She doing it almost as well as I do!" boasted Mark, flinging his arms towards the celing. All the boys roared at this, and Lucy looked down in embarrassment. Soon she was using two fingers and they glistened in the light as they emerged from her now wide open lips. She started rubbing her cliitoris with her free hand as her breathing got quicker, and short panting noises and little groans of pleasure escaped her open mouth.
"Go on girl! You're getting there," shouted one of the boys. This seemed to urge her on to quicken the pace of her two-fingered stroking. Then she moved her hand from her clitoris to her breast and started moulding it in circles and squeezing her nipple. Soon they both stood out hard and pink.
"Hey guys. Just get a load of that clitoris. It's really sticking out erect and clear," cried Tim.
Lucy licked the fingers of her free hand and started vigorously rubbing her clitoris as she gasped louder. "Aaaah! Aaaah! Ooooooah!"
There was more encouragement from the boys but the girls behind them were almost silent with embarrassment seeing three of their naked classmates having to masturbate in front of all the boys. Lucy, by now, was beyond caring as wave after wave of sexual pleasure surged through her teenage body. It was obvious to all the watchers that she had lost control and that her full orgasm was not far off. Her efforts caused her to sweat, and her whole body glistened. Her face was becoming bright red and the colour soon spread down onto her heaving chest.
The three girls kept glancing to the side in Mr Beddington's direction. Lucy's lips bore a faint smile but the other two looked deadly serious about their efforts.
Lucy's efforts seemed to encourage the other two girls who were now both stroking at a fair rate. Her gasps and moans of sexual pleasure seemed to be catching. Jennifer's free hand was now alternating between her clitoris and her breasts and even the tiny breasts of Sheila came in for some attention.
Soon there was a veritable chorus of female gasps and groans. Lucy easily led the field as her fingers rapidly shot in and out of her pussy. Then her hips started to gyrate and she was pushing forward onto her fingers. Her stomach muscles started to contract.
"Why are her muscles doing that?" asked Robert.
"Muscle contractions are a sign of a genuine orgasm," replied Mr Beddington. "You don't get that with a fake orgasm. If you look right back towards her anus there's a special muscle there that will contract vigorously when she cums. Keep an eye on it. Also, if you notice, her clitoris is now getting smaller. This is a sure sign that her orgasm is not far off."
"Just look at all that juice running down her thighs," yelled a boy who was leaning forward with great interest. The words were hardly out of his mouth when Lucy's head tilted right back and she opened her mouth in a frenzy of sexual satisfaction. "Aaaaaaaaagggh!" This brought a round of applause from the boys.
Mr Beddington casually leaned forward as she caught her juice in the palm of her hand. Another quieter yell brought more. "Jack, would you mind getting a box of tissues from the cupboard and giving some to the girls to clean themselves up?" asked Mr Beddington.
Lucy's body was now slumped forward in a panting arc. She took the tissue from Jack and started wiping up the juice from between her naked legs. Her whole body rose and fell as she panted her sexual relief.
Mr Beddington leaned forward casually on the bench to see how Jennifer and Sheila were progressing. "As you will have noticed, gentlemen. some females suffer from what we call 'tardy orgasms', that is they are far too slow to reach their full sexual pleasure. This is where the clitoris ring helps a lot. A man skilled in its use can bring even the most frigid female to orgasm in under a minute. But I'll be demonstrating that technique later. For now we'll continue to watch Jennifer and Sheila make themselves come manually."
"Can we have a game of chess while we wait?" asked a boy who was leaning on his elbow and gazing between Jennifer's open legs looking rather bored. All the other boys chuckled at this suggestion but they continued with their encouragement of the two girls.
Both girls were now sweating freely and their heads were flung back with open mouths as they panted and moaned."
"Their clits are getting smaller, sir," observed one keen-eyed young lad. "You said that meant they would soon be coming didn't you?"
"That's true Tom. That's good observation."
A few moments later both girls exploded into orgasm almost simultaneously. There was enthusiastic clapping from the boys and Jack handed them each a tissue.
Mr Beddington beamed his pleasure at the final successful conclusion of his first experiment. "I want you all to return to your desks and write your notes on this first experiment, together with any diagrams you think might be necessary. The title for this is 'Female sexuality - experiment one". We will be carrying out two more similar experiments involving the use of a vibrator and finally the clitoris ring."