THE PERFORMANCE - CHAPTER FIVE
It was not quite ten o'clock when the front door opened and Tom heard the the familiar 'honey I'm home' bellowed from the front hallway. He had been sitting on the couch surfing Literotica on his laptop, which he closed and put down so he could get up to greet his wife at the door. He was still over the moon at how tantalizingly provocative she looked. And knowing that she had spent the better part of the evening out in public like that made it even more enticing. It was obvious that her nipples had been trying to punch their way through that dress all night. He could only imagine the looks she got as men ogled her swinging, braless boobs when she moved, and then tried to figure out if she was or wasn't wearing panties. He has never been able to figure out exactly why he found these things to be such a turn on, but the truth of the matter is that he really didn't try to analyze it too much. He just knew that he loved it and that it got him deeply aroused.
"Wow. Welcome home. So nice to see you. And I don't mean that sarcastically, I mean it literally. I thought you'd be home later than this. Man, you are a total knockout. That outfit. Good gawd. Honestly, I bet there wasn't a soft dick in the place, I said emphatically while pulling Cate in for a nice tight hug and grabbing two handfuls of her perfect, plump, pantyless ass in the process.
"So, how was your date with The Fabulous Mr. Flirty? Was it everything you imagined it would be?" I asked after breaking our a long passionate kiss, during which time I continued to massage her butt.
"Well, I promised you that I'd tell you everything about the 'date' as you call it, and I will, but I also promised you a killer blow job when I got home," she said. "So which promise do you want me to keep first?"
"Well, my curiosity is certainly killing me but I've been thinking about that blow job all night. Well, almost all night anyway. So, open that dress, get on your knees and by all means, stuff me into that gorgeous, talented mouth of yours and do your thing," Tom said huskily and with some impatience.
Cate, for her part, was more than happy to comply. She was unquestionably turned on and she dearly loved sucking cock. She unfastened the tie at the side of her dress and let it drop down to a shiny pool of fabric at her feet. She adored how he was devouring her with his eyes. They travelled from her beautifully flushed face, down her huge, soft, fleshy tits with their bullet-hard nipples, to her plump, bald pubis, and then finally down to her shapely, stocking-clad, dancer legs. She grabbed a cushion from the couch, tossed it at his feet, and dropped to her knees. She then proceeded to pull down his pyjama pants to expose his cock. He was semi-erect, which was probably about as hard as he was going to get until just before he came. He would always get a little bit stiffer just before he ejaculated. Although she loved his penis and relished sucking it, she sometimes, just sometimes, wished it would get iron bar hard like the 'old days' so she could feel that stiffness in her mouth and he could then use it to hammer into her wet, hungry pussy. She was a big fan of penetration, and even though they had a variety of sex toys that they used on occasion to penetrate her, nothing could beat the feel of a hot, hard cock in her cunt. She had a fleeting thought back to the hotel bar and how Jason's dick appeared to easily harden in his pants after just barely touching her leg. She wondered just how big it was and whether or not he knew how to use it. Maybe he was all talk.
She pushed that thought out of her mind as she touched her tongue to the head of the leaking cock before her. The drop of pre-cum (Tom's always tasted so sweet) oozed out of the little slit and she used the tip of her tongue to distribute it around his fat mushroom head before pulling back, leaving a little string of it still connected to her. She rested the thick, rubbery shaft against her cheek and rolled it up and down with her hand while looking into her husband's eyes. She knew how much he loved this view and how much it turned him on, so she continued to rub it all over her face, smearing little streaks of the syrupy liquid on her cheeks, chin and forehead. Then she rubbed the thick, swollen knob back and forth across her mouth as she would if she were applying lipstick.
Cate slowly sucked the head into her mouth while her other hand cupped his heavy balls. Because he was only partially erect she had no difficulty at all taking his entire length into her mouth. She loved the feel of it on top of her tongue. Sometimes she wished he could go deeper. Plunge it into her throat and make her gag just a bit. But she dismissed that thought as well and just started to fuck him with her mouth. Her head moved slowly at first but then she became a woman possessed, and began to bob her head faster and faster, her tongue pushing out of her mouth under his cock to lick his smooth balls. She pushed her nose tight up against the light crop of pubic hair on his groin as she took all of him into her drooling mouth. She couldn't get him to cum fast enough and it usually did take him awhile. Not tonight though. She was insanely horny. As was he. Her mission was to make him squirt his seed in record time. He reached down to her chest and groped her plump, hanging breasts. He loved the feel and weight of those big, soft tits and never tired of squeezing them firmly. Hell, truth be known, he loved abusing them. And she liked it too. Gentle, loving pressure on her boobs usually just tickled her and made her giggle. She would much rather they be molested, firmly mashed together and mauled, or once she was warmed up, smacked and slapped. She relished having her tits mistreated as opposed to delicately handled. They were big targets for misuse and she generally encouraged it. Right now, Tom was suspending her heavy tits by her hard, elongated nipples and was torturously bouncing them up and down as she sucked him with unbridled enthusiasm.
"Do you want it down my throat baby? Or do you want to cover my face? Or my tits," she breathed huskily, taking a momentary break from bobbing her head on his cock. "Anything at all. Use me however you want. Tell me where you want to cum. I'm all yours my love. Cum for me. I want it."
She resumed her frantic sucking and could sense he was on the brink of ecstasy. Her other hand went down between her legs to tease her swollen clit. His cock pulsed in her mouth. He was there.
"On your face baby. I want to cum on your face!" Tom growled, taking his cock from her mouth and stroking it frantically. "Open your mouth!"
Her face was tilted up towards him, her eyes open, her mouth agape. Waiting. Ready to receive. Panting in anticipation. She still had her hand between her legs but now had two fingers imbedded deep in her snatch as he jerked himself frantically in front of her face. It was a view she always found hypnotically exciting. Her tits were shaking on her chest as she fingered herself more forcefully. He groaned and bucked his hips as the first two jets of semen spurted into her open mouth. And she swallowed quickly. She shut her eyes as the next few jets hit her nose, cheeks and lips and dribbled down her face, some of the rivulets making it to her heaving breasts.
She removed her two slippery fingers from her frothy hole and thought, "That was a huge load for him. He certainly was super excited tonight. He must have missed really me."
"Holy shit that was amazing!" he exclaimed, as his orgasm ebbed and the aftershocks began to subside. He watched as his beautiful, horny wife used her fingers to scoop up the sticky fluid from her face and then lick it into her hungry mouth. She looked up at him with lust in her eyes and a satisfied smile.
"Yummy, she moaned, having finished cleaning her face of the last of his cum. His semen actually didn't have much of a taste. She wondered if his vasectomy had anything to do with that. Like, does semen taste better without any kids in it? She had tasted other men's cum and always found it to be a bit salty, sometimes even a little bitter. Not altogether unpleasant but not always tasty. The result of a poor diet she suspected.
She turned her still shiny face from side to side, showing him her sticky cheeks and asked, "Do I look like a porn star? What think?"
"Oh my! Do you ever. Hottest porn star I've ever seen. I love it. So...do you want yours now too? I'm happy to oblige if you want to get on the couch and spread your legs for me. I'm sure you must be exceptionally horny after being wined and romanced all evening. Not to mention getting yourself a nice gooey facial. Or have you already been looked after?" I said, waiting for an answer to both questions.
"Of course I want mine now. And no. I haven't already been looked after, smartass. What do you think I am? Some kind of slut? Get over here and eat this pussy. I need to cum. The quicker the better."
Tom wasted no time in diving between her legs and clamping his mouth onto her plump, bald vulva. He tried to suck the entire thing into his mouth, moaning loudly with pleasure as he went down. Oh, how he loved eating her snatch. She spread her legs wide, allowing him easy access to her hot, steamy slit. He spread her smooth, hairless flaps with his fingers and then pushed his tongue into the dripping hole as far as possible, trying to suck out as much of her sweet juice as he could.
"Fuck the foreplay! Ram your fingers into me and lick my clit! Hard! Suck it! I need to cum. I need to cum now!" she demanded as she pushed her hips up into his face covering it with her moisture.
Tom obeyed immediately. He shoved two fingers into her slobbering pussy and stabbed them in and out while attacking her protruding pink clit with his tongue. He stretched her open with his digits, working them hard into her hole and searching for her G spot, all the while continuing his assault on her thick little nub. It can sometimes take Cate awhile to climax as well, but tonight it seemed that she, too, was going for a new land speed record. She bucked her hips against his face, slamming her cunt against his fingers to get them as deep into her channel as possible. With a loud moan reminiscent of a wounded animal, primal in its ferocity, Cate bucked her pelvis against his face one final time and began quivering in ecstasy, clamping her legs around his hand and head as her body jerked convulsively. Her orgasm rocked her to her core as wave after wave of pleasure rolled through her. Tom was still sucking her clit when she suddenly put her hand on the back of his head to get him to let up. The sensation was now just too much for her. He withdrew his sticky fingers and brought them to his mouth, savouring her sweet girl cum. Cate lay back, legs splayed wide, her juicy, wet lips spread open to display her slowly pulsating and still dilated love hole. Her breathing was just starting to return to normal as they both came down from their euphoric coupling.
"Oh man! Did I need that! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!" she gasped, starting to come back down from her Earth-shattering climax. "Wow. Talk about wham, bam, huh!?
"Yeah. You were pretty worked up baby. I'm guessing it wasn't you coming home to find me sitting around in sweatpants reading smut on the computer. I'm guessing the 'date' got you a little over-heated. Don't try to deny it, I could see your pussy was damp the moment you opened your dress. Your hard clit was already making itself known and peeking out from under the hood. And your delightful lower lips were positively glistening with dew. Don't tell me it was it like that all night. Did you stain your dress? C'mon. Spill it. I want to know everything. How much misbehaving was there? And be honest with me. I was thinking about it all evening."
Tom was clearly very anxious for all the lurid details.
"The date was fine. Sit back and I'll tell you all about it," she said getting up to get them both a glass of water. They really needed to rehydrate. Tom watched in awe as she bounced naked into the kitchen, boobs jiggling, ass swaying, every inch a seductive, desirable woman. The sight was breathtaking, and he never tired of looking at her.
Cate proceeded to recount every detail of the evening. The compliments, the seductive talk, the clandestine (and not so clandestine) looks at her tits and ass, the dancing with the not so subtle at all search for panties. Tom burst out laughing when she told him of her response to his obvious explorations, the attempts at feeling her leg and to sneak up her dress, and of course the erections that grew in his pants. More laughter again at the comment about her being responsible for his hard-on and did she want to stay longer to help him with his 'problem.' She then told her husband about the Sasha conversation and how he tried to play it so cool and sell her on the line that 'she lets me be me'.
"I even mentioned to him that you told me you were certain he was trying to seduce me and that he desperately wanted to fuck me. His response was that you were an astute individual. I had to agree with him," she giggled. "I also told him that I would be telling you every detail of the 'date' when I got home. I don't think he believed me."
"Wow. Quite the night. Sounds like an interesting time was had by all. So, tell me the truth. How attractive do you find him? Were you tempted? Is he irresistible? You know, what with the easy erections and all?"
"Well...if I'm honest, I do find him attractive. Physically at least, she confessed. Like I said...Jason Sinclair is tall, dark and handsome. A very sexy man I have to admit. But it's obviously a practiced and cultivated sexuality, if that makes any sense. Developed over the course of gawd knows how many encounters. And we both know, that to almost any woman, confidence in a man is an alluring quality. But his confidence borders on arrogance. I imagine that any woman he beds simply becomes a conquest. Just another notch. Nothing more.
"He's easily aroused that's for sure...highly sexed...and from what I could tell when he was...um...getting inflated, as it were. It looked like he might be pretty well-endowed. That being said, he's the kind of man who is used to getting what he desires and is so cocky (no pun intended) that he thinks every woman will fall at his feet and offer him their vagina on a platter. He assumes that he makes them cream themselves just by being his wonderful, marvellous self. I'm sure he has had lots of success bedding his intended quarry, what with his looks, money, and smooth line of bullshit. And maybe he is, as you say about some of your 'girl crushes', a 'hell of a rattle,' but I could never be attracted to a man like that emotionally. To me, he would just be a living, breathing, dildo. At best. Albeit a good looking one. I will confess to you however, that my nipples stiffened somewhat (big surprise there) and my pussy pulsed a bit. And maybe I was sort of a little curious about his dick, but I was never seriously tempted tonight. No.
"I wonder how Sasha puts up with it on a daily basis? And I'll be interested in your impressions when you meet him, which will be soon by the way, as you are indeed coming to film the show and help me with costume changes. Oh, when I mentioned the costume change thing I was quite surprised he didn't volunteer for the task, because that's exactly the kind of comment he would make. He doesn't miss an opportunity to take the game up one more notch."
"So, from all that I'm guessing you don't like him very much?" I said, with a chuckle.
"Not at all," said Cate matter of factly, while picking her dress up off the floor and tossing the cushion back on the couch.
"But you'd like to fuck him anyway? I asked, eyebrows raised, not really knowing what to expect for an answer.
"Heheh. Maybe," she said teasingly, as she pranced towards the bathroom.