Back in the room together we closed and locked Lori's door. She let her towel drop and bent over to plug in the hairdryer. I couldn't help but admire the view of her muscular, tanned legs, a stark contrast to her sexy white ass. The ass I had suddenly been given more freedom to explore.
My eyes drifted to admire the way her large breasts maintained their firmness even as she was bent over with nothing to support them. I loved how it felt to hold them from behind and tease her quarter sized nipples until they became hard. My fondness of her breasts was always appreciated by Lori but only as foreplay. I had heard that some women can orgasm just from their sensitive nipples but Lori was not one of those people, at least I hadn't found the key to making that happen for her.
Lori glanced back at me watching her and smiled, turning to give me an eyeful of her swollen pussy lips from all of our earlier play.
"You sit over there on the bed and watch your slut get ready," she instructed me. How could I refuse that offer? I moved to the bed, laying my towel down to sit on and revealing my semi-hard cock to her. She turned on the hairdryer and began running her fingers through the sparse hair covering her sex, fluffing what she had.
I couldn't resist showing my appreciation for her and moving my hand to stroke my hardening cock. Lori let me know she approved by seductively licking her full lips and rubbing her clit in slow circles. I was mesmerized watching her and my cock was soon fully at attention again.
She began to dry her hair but her left hand remained between her spread legs rubbing at the same speed I was stroking myself. She slowly moved it up over her flat stomach and cupped her right breast. She lightly teased her nipple while I dropped my hand to cup my balls, letting my now granite shaft sway obscenely for her.
"Mmmmm," she groaned, "I want that cock so badly but we need to get ready. Keep it hard for me though while I watch."
"You're the one keeping in hard, baby," I emphasized my point by taking both hands completely away and letting her watch it flex as blood continued rushing in.
Lori pinched her right nipple and both were rock hard, "Are you sure you're not thinking about Annie right now?"
"Annie who?" I joked.
"Right answer," she smiled, raising both hands above her head to fluff her auburn locks with the blow dryer. She swayed her hips in the tempo of my hand and I was mesmerized watching her body move. She bent forward flipping her hair over her head to dry the underside. Her hanging breasts were too much for me to resist and I stood and moved behind her.
Stepping close behind her and took hold of each cheek, spreading them wide before letting my shaft slide between them. The head brushing over her forbidden area, making her shake a bit. I released her cheeks and she flexed her muscular ass trapping my shaft there while I reached under her to cup both breasts in my hands. She stood back upright, leaning against me, still using her ass to massage me. My hands continued to rub and tease her tits causing another groan from us both.
She turned off the blow dryer, "I want you so bad," came her throaty whisper, "but we need to get ready."
As if on queue there was a knock on the door, "Are you done with the hairdryer?" Nic asked, trying the locked door handle.
Lori jumped out of my arms as if we were about to be caught doing something wrong and then laughed. "Just finished, hang on a sec."
She unplugged the dryer while I groaned disappointedly. She turned to the door and I watched as she unlocked it and opened it a crack to hand the hairdryer over to Nic.
"You two still aren't decent? We're leaving in like 15 minutes" Nic teased from the other side of the door reaching out to take what she needed.
Lori then shocked me by opening the door completely, much to Nicole's surprise as well. "We're better than decent," she teased before quickly shutting the door again but the moment was long enough that I saw Nic get an eyeful of both our naked bodies, including my still rigid erection.
Lori locked the door quickly, laughing hysterically at Nic's shocked expression. "We'll be out there in a few minutes, I just have a couple more things to take care of and we'll be ready."
An exasperated Nic was speechless and after a long pause we heard her mumble, "Geeze-us, thanks, I guess." her door closed and Lori continued cracking up.
"What the hell were you thinking," I sputtered, "Nic didn't need to see that."
"Oh, I think she did and I figured it was only fair, you saw one of my roommates so one of them should see you," she giggled some more. She walked over to distract my shell shocked mind and took hold of my still hard cock. "Someone feels like they don't mind being exposed."
She was right, I had only gotten harder. Some precum began to leak from her manipulations. She scooped it onto her finger and raised the drops to her lips, greedily taking a taste of my excitement. Two could play that game and I slid my fingers between her very wet lips, gathering her own excitement.
"It feels like I'm not the only one that enjoyed that little exposure," I teased, raising my wet fingers between us to show us both how wet she was and then surprising her by bringing them to her lips. She hesitated only a beat before opening her lips to clean her juices from my fingers, sucking them like she had my cock before. Never once breaking eye contact with me.
"Mmmm, this slut does taste pretty good," she knew just how to excite me more. I leaned in and kissed her hard, getting a small taste of what she had just enjoyed.
"Yes you do, my hot little slut." I agreed, breaking the kiss. "Now we better get ready, what kind of slutty outfit are you going to wear for me tonight?"
She hesitated, weighing her options. Dressing sexy was not her usual style, Lori looked sexy in anything but she wasn't one to try and draw attention to her many curves. She would flaunt a hint of cleavage but never enough to be considered risque let alone slutty. Her face lit up as an idea occurred to her. "I'm not going to look like a hooker or anything but I think I know just the top," she said, already headed to her closet.
"I love this one," she held up a silk, sleeveless shirt, "I bought it recently but the buttons stopped too low for my taste so I've never been brave enough to wear it out. It hugs the girls nicely but shows a lot of cleavage. I think it is the closest thing to slutty I have for tonight. Maybe we could go shopping together next time and you could help me choose something," I loved her thinking of there being a next time.
"I bet you will look amazing in that and a tight little skirt," it was more of a statement than a suggestion from me and she went back to the closet to find a skirt that would work for us. I went to grab the first items from my shopping that day to complete the outfit. "Luckily I did get a chance to do a bit of shopping today in preparation for tonight."
I tossed the white sheer thong and demi bra onto the bed and watched her face flush as she realized what they were. "You know I hate thongs," she complained, picking up the tiny garment from the bed, "it makes me feel like I have a wedgie all the time."
"I bet slutty Lori will come to enjoy the feeling of being practically naked under her skirt tonight. I could have told you no underwear at all but I love the way your ass looks in a thong too much," I kidded.
"Fine I'll wear them," she conceded, pulling them up her legs with a less than thrilled expression on her face, "but then they go in the trash."
"Maybe I'll have you remove them at dinner," I threatened good naturedly, "without leaving the table."
"You scare me sometimes," she laughed but I could sense she was definitely feeling more nervous than she had been earlier. Her face got even more anxious when she took a closer look at the bra I had selected. It was a white lace half cup that would support her large chest but offer very little coverage. I had never seen her in one but always loved the idea of it.
"I can't wear that with this top," she argued, "I just told you how the silk looked on my girls but that will leave me flaunting my nipples all night in front of all of our friends."
"A good slut would only be worried about how I thought she looked and not be concerned with anyone else," I pushed, "Try it on and let me decide." If she was enjoying me being more assertive, I was going to be more assertive. I don't think I had ever asked her to wear anything specific going out before so this was new for both of us.
She hesitated, just staring at the bra as her years of being told how good girls should dress conflicted with what she was looking at. "I'll try it on," she finally agreed, "but I'm not wearing it out if it is too obvious."
"It's fine with me if you don't want to wear a bra," I negotiated, "I always like seeing you braless." She proceeded to slide into the bra and it did offer what little support she needed, while making a stunning visual presentation. "You look so hot," I sincerely complimented her. The sheer white thong and revealing bra looked spectacular on her.
She turned to the mirror looking at how the bra held her girls up and turning to see how her ass looked, "I kind of do look hot, don't I? I can see by how hard you still are that you like it. Let me see how it is going to work with my top."
I appreciated her willingness to even try it as I knew walking out in public like this was going to be a challenge for her. She proceeded to pull on the silk top she'd pickled and button the front. I understood what she meant about the depth of the cleavage that would be revealed as the last button just barely hid her bra in the center but the two strips of cloth were wide and provided peek-a-boo views only as she turned in the mirror.
"It isn't as bad as I thought," she smiled, "and I do owe you. I'll wear it tonight," she agreed much to my excitement.
"Wooo-hoooo," I cheered, pulling her tight to my still naked body, "You really do look sexy as hell." I could feel her nipples pressed to my chest as I kissed her deeply.
"I need to do my makeup and you need to let this thing calm down a bit and get dressed." Lori pulled away from me, squeezing my cock one last time before reaching for her skirt. I watched her pull her skirt over her hips and tuck in her top. The added tension tucking in the shirt, made her nipples much more obvious than when it had hung loosely but I decided to let her realize that on her own.
I stuffed my still swollen member into my tight boxer-briefs and hoped it would subside enough to not have us both showing more than normal by the time we left the room. I quickly finished dressing and just hand combed my hair.
Lori looked stunning as she put on the last of her lipstick and pulled her hair up into a ponytail. She was assessing herself in the mirror when I turned her towards me, "Thanks for doing this, I think it will be a fun night for both of us," I sincerely told her and then playfully, "let's eat so I can make my little slut my dessert."
"I plan to have myself some dessert as well tonight," Lori countered, lewdly running her tongue over her lips while looking obviously at my covered crotch, "Let's go."
She turned and slid into some shoes, shaking her tightly covered ass at me before heading to the door. I admired the way her tight skirt hugged her ass as she strutted ahead of me and out to the living room. Her confidence was immediately tested when we entered the room.
"It's about time you guys joined us," Cyn announced our arrival to the other six people already gathered, "it looks like it might have been a bit cold in the cave when they were getting ready." She made the obvious innuendo, pointing out Lori's hard nipples to the group and I watched as everyone looked at her chest before she could cross her arms to hide.
"No, i think Mark is always that small, plus he had been in the pool," Allen to the rescue redirecting everyone to look at my crotch area.
I think I heard Nic mumble, "he's not small," under her breath but when Allen asked her what she said, she brushed him off. It excited me that she may still be thinking about the view Lori gave her just a little while ago but I was also concerned because I didn't want any awkwardness between us.
As everyone started talking about rides and the possibility of a shot before we headed out I moved close behind Lori and whispered, "Cyn is just jealous she doesn't have your rack to show off. A good slut doesn't care what others think. She's proud of how hot she looks. I don't want to see you trying to cover up again tonight or I will need to punish you later," I kissed her neck and then took a small nibble to make my point. I was happy to see Lori lower her arms and even more proud as I noticed her stand a bit straighter and put her shoulders back defiantly. Her nipples stood out prominently through her silk shirt.
"8 shots coming up," Allen cheered, as the decision had apparently been made for us. Jason and I went with him to the kitchen to prepare Goldslacher for the ladies and JD for the guys. We brought out an array of cups and passed them around to the group.
"To a fun night ahead," I looked into Lori's hazel eyes as I toasted the room. She raised her glass to me, a bit of uncertainty still in her expression but then smiled and drank down her shot with everyone.
Everyone headed to the door and their respective cars. Jason and Cyn asked to ride with us and we agreed but said we weren't sure how late we were staying out and they were grateful to not have to worry about driving until later.
Lori walked with me to the driver side door knowing Jason and I would need the front seat in her little hatchback. I opened the door and folded the seat forward for her to climb in the back. It was tight even for a smaller lady and she bent way over climbing in, causing her short skirt to ride up and exposing a bit of her thong. I couldn't resist placing my hand on the exposed part of her ass and squeezing, making her jump into the back seat.
"J can never resist grabbing my ass either when I am getting in the back seat. I pretty much just stay bent over until he grabs it and then get in, at this point," Cyn joked from behind the passenger seat. I couldn't blame Jason, I'd seen enough earlier today to know that Cyn's ass was definitely a work of art.
The drive was short and uneventful as we just listened to music and chatted. The devil in me cranked the air conditioning to make it as chilly as possible before we arrived. Once parked at the restaurant I had the pleasure of helping Lori unfold herself from the small backseat. I stepped out, folded my seat forward and gallantly offered her my hand.
She took my hand and placed her left foot on the pavement, causing her skirt to ride up and giving me a clear view of the sheer white panties I had picked for her. She then leaned forward to unfold herself from the tight area and I was treated to the view down her top of her unencumbered breast moving beneath the silk.
"Thank you kind sir," she smiled as I helped guide her upright.
"Entirely my pleasure," I responded and she realized by my tone that I had enjoyed quite the view during her exit. Instead of it embarrassing her she embraced it. Standing proudly to smooth her skirt and tucking her top in tightly so it emphasized the curve of her breasts.
"You won't be the only one getting a good view tonight but you chose this so I hope you enjoy it," she smiled before walking proudly into the restaurant. I am not sure if it was the liquid courage or if she was embracing the moment but there was no attempt to cover even when Kelly asked her if she was feeling a bit nippy out this evening.
"No, it feels great," she smiled, ignoring the attempt by Kelly to embarrass her.
I sat across from Lori at dinner as we all enjoyed the sushi and some Sake Bombers although I made sure I limited my intake to be able to drive as well. Lori enjoyed herself and as the alcohol took effect she became more animated talking with everyone like it was any other Friday night. I had the benefit of a front row seat to her conversations and she spoke as much with her hands as with her voice.
It was mesmerizing to watch how her fairly unencumbered breasts moved with her hands. I caught a couple peeks down her shirt when she would lean towards someone to hear them or reach for something on the table. I wasn't the only one looking as I noticed many of the guy's eye's drifting back to her impressive body throughout the night.
We all settled the bill, quite the challenge with 20 people there, and all began making our way to the door. I slid my arm around Lori's waist and pulled her to me. She leaned in, wrapping both her arms around me and resting her head to my shoulder, "I have just that right amount of buzz going right now," she shared with a wink up at me, "you should get me home now."
"I am feeling quite hungry for my dessert," I agreed and we headed for the car. Jason and Cyn were already standing near it as we approached.
"Are you guys going to Wongs?" Jason asked. Wong's was a great spot for live music just a few miles away.
"Not tonight, we're going to call it early. I think we got too much sun today," I lied but all 4 of us knew the reason we were calling it an early night. I hit the unlock button as we approached the car. "Happy to drop you two there if you want."
"Appreciate it brother, we're going to watch the band for a while and then grab a cab to my place for the night," Jason replied while opening the passenger door. I caught him grabbing Cyn's ass as she climbed into the back seat and he winked at me while getting into the front seat.
I opened the door for Lori, the seat still folded forward from our arrival. Again she bent forward to get into the car and again I was treated to the view of her short skirt rising up the back of her thighs until a hint of the white thong appeared. I decided to push it a bit further and helped lift the skirt higher so her ass was clearly displayed for me. She froze, her head snapping around to glare at me and I smiled innocently back. She quickly yanked her skirt back over her ass and jumped into the car. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Jason in the front seat watching her, his eyes locked on Lori's chest and getting what I can only assume was quite the eyeful down her top.
He saw me looking his way and smiled sheepishly knowing he had been busted checking out my girlfriend but I couldn't really blame him. I got into the driver's seat and we headed to drop off Jason & Cyn. I found a place in the back parking lot to pull over and let Cyn and Jason out. It was my turn to get busted watching another guy's girlfriend as I admired Cyn's ass while J helped her from the backseat. His knowing smile said, "we're even."
"Lori, are you going to get up front?" Jason asked while offering her his hand to help her out as well.
"Um, yeah, thanks," Lori hesitated before starting to shimmy across the back seat. Her hands attempted to keep her skirt from riding up as she tried to figure out how to get both feet out of the car at once to keep from spreading her legs. Suddenly something changed, I watched as she extended her right leg out of the car and allowed her legs to part. She shifted her weight a bit taking Jason's hand and bent forward to free herself from the small backseat. She ended up face to chest with the 6'4" Jason and squeezed him in a quick hug before turning and giving Cyn a hug as well. "Have fun tonight guys, we'll see you tomorrow," she said, dropping into the front seat.
"You two have fun as well," Cyn winked, "Lori, don't do anything I wouldn't do," she continued heading to the bar with Jason in tow.
"What won't she do?" I joked as Lori closed the door.
"I can't think of anything she won't do, so I think we're safe," Lori laughed, "Good thing too because I am so fucking horny right now. Get me home."
"Show me," I commanded, leaving the car in park and turning towards her.
"Here? In the bar parking lot?" She responded nervously.
"Yes, my hot, little slut. Here," I let her know I wasn't kidding.
Again the turmoil in her made her pause but then she smiled at me and answered, "Yes, sir." She turned my way slightly in her seat, spreading her legs and making her skirt creep up her thighs until I could see the white thong. There was a clear wet spot visible as her legs spread and I wondered if Jason had been able to see it that clearly as well.
"You certainly look a bit excited there, how long have you been wet like that?" I asked putting the car in drive and heading out of the parking lot for her house.
"Pretty much since I walked into the living room a few hours ago," she admitted.
"So you are enjoying being a little slutty, flaunting your hot body a bit?" I asked.
"I'm not sure if enjoying is the right word," she spoke after thinking for a moment, "it is definitely a turn on but I'm also so nervous about what other people are thinking or are going to say about me."
"What do you think Jason thought when you got out of the car?" I joked with her.
"Oh I know what he thought, I could see his eyes looking right at my pussy as I opened my legs and it actually made me even wetter," she confessed. "I also felt what he thought when I gave him a hug, his penis was pressed to my stomach area and I felt it jump like yours does when you're excited."
"And you're ok with all of that?" I wanted to know how she was feeling.
"With Jason, yeah. He's harmless, he is totally in love with Cyn and would never jeopardize that but knowing he still wanted to look and feeling the effect it had on him was exciting. It was like that all night. I was doing this to turn you on but feeling people's eyes on me or catching their stares was also hot for me."
"You caught some people looking tonight, as well?" I continued driving home, struggling to keep my eyes on the road and not on her still exposed panties.
"It felt like there was always a set of eyes on me. My nipples are still so hard as it was almost like I could feel the heat from their staring. You were the most blatant about it," she laughed. "Maybe it was just the burning intensity of you undressing me with your eyes but I could feel the heat from my nipples to my pussy and I just kept getting wetter. Did you notice others looking at me?"
"All night long, when I wasn't looking at you I'd look around and invariably someone would be looking at your chest, probably trying to mentally imagine how hot you look uncovered. Show me what they missed out on," I demanded.
There was no hesitation as Lori undid the top button and pulled open her top exposing herself for me. She ran her hands over her breasts rubbing and pinching her nipples. "I wonder if anyone saw more than they should have of them tonight," she cooed, the thought clearly exciting her.
"I know the view J had down your top a few minutes ago and I am sure he saw more than he ever had before," the idea clearly turned Lori on and she moaned and slid one of her hands down over pussy. "I also caught a great clear view a few times when you were leaning over the table tonight so I am sure a few of the others at the table got a little more of a show than they expected tonight."
She was slowly rubbing over her panties and I could hear the wetness as she closed her eyes to enter into her own fantasy. "I wonder if it made anyone hard," she groaned, "or if anyone is going to be masturbating tonight and thinking of me?"
"I'm sure there are a few guys there tonight that added you to their spank bank and will be imagining themselves cumming on your perfect tits. Not that there weren't already a lot of fans of yours out there already," I laughed, "the guys tonight just have a better picture in their heads."
It seemed Lori was really enjoying this new found concept of men lusting for her. She knew she was attractive and that guys liked her but I don't think her mind had ever gone to thoughts of how she affected men on a primal level. Nor had she allowed herself to enjoy how they affected her, so I gave her permission to embrace it.
"Pull your panties to the side and let me watch how much you've liked being my little slut so far tonight," I commanded.
"Yes sir," She grinned, opening her eyes long enough to watch me struggle to focus on her and the road at the same time. She placed her feet on the dashboard and then allowed her knees to spread lewdly open. Her right knee resting against the door, her left knee brushing my arm as I drove. Her legs splayed as widely as she possibly could to allow me and anyone driving past us a view of her white, wet panties being pulled to the side.
I could hear how wet she was as she used two fingers to rub the length of her slit and tease her clit.
"It sounds like someone is really excited," I teased her, "Let me have a taste."
Her fingers made one more pass over her swollen lips, wetting them, before she slid them deep inside her. A groan escaped her lips as she moved her fingers inside her and then brought them to my mouth to enjoy. I took a long breath in, savoring her sweet scent as she ran her fingers over my lips teasingly. I extended my tongue to lick the juices from her fingers before she fed them into my mouth, fucking my mouth as she had her pussy just moments ago.
She popped her fingers free from my mouth and dropped them back between her legs just as I approached a red light. A car approached alongside Lori. Her head was back, her eyes closed as her hand worked its way back into her needy pussy. In the light of the intersection, I was able to watch shock and then lust pass over the face of the middle aged man that was fortunate to end up stopped next to us.
"Don't stop what you are doing," I told Lori, "there's an older guy next to us that just spotted you and is very much enjoying the view." How could he not? When was the last time the guy had had the chance to see a 21-year-old body as perfect as Lori's. Let alone see her nude and on the verge of orgasm. The way he was staring I would guess it may have been never for him.
"Is he watching me still?" Lori asked. She squirmed in the seat with two fingers thrusting inside her and her other hand rubbing her clit. Her breasts still on display swayed with each thrust of her hand.
"He is very much enjoying the show," I informed her before reaching over to cradle her left breast. I pinched her nipple a bit and then moved to do the same to her right side. The combination of the excitement of the evening and knowing she was being watched now seemed to be too much for her.
"OhMyGooood, I'm cummmmminnng!" she cried out as a fierce orgasm ripped through her. She threw her head back against the seat and pumped herself forcefully as she rode the waves in front of a total stranger. The light turned green as she was coming down from the moment and she lifted her wet fingers to her mouth and turned to blow the guy a kiss I am sure he'll never forget.
She reached over to grasp at my tented shorts. "Get us home, now," she pleaded, "I need you."
I needed no other encouragement and punched the accelerator, speeding away from the dazed spectator to get us back to Lori's place as soon as possible. I still had a lot planned for her tonight.