I was on my way to meet a new client. I'm a personal trainer. This client was referred by a I was on my way to meet a new client. I'm a personal trainer. This client was referred by a friend. I am always nervous taking on new clients. Even more so when they ask me to train at their house. You never know what to expect. Obviously as a personal trainer in Hollywood I have to keep myself looking good. I've had more than one out of shape client try to hit on me. Some of them would not take no for an answer. I had to get mean. This time my friend vouched for him. I trust her completely, so I was willing to take a chance.
His home was a condo in a good area near the beach. I have a lot of friends out there. Since this was my last appointment of the day I made arrangements to meet two of them and go out after my appointment. I had a dress in my gym bag.
I pulled up to the gated community. I was told he was an art broker. I wasn't quite sure what that was but he obviously made a good living. I rang the doorbell. When he answered I was taken aback by his voice. It had a certain resonance. You could almost hear a smile in it. He was upbeat and polite. He thanked me for coming, told me where to park, and how to find his condo.
As I drove through the lot I had to laugh, my little Kompresser was outclassed by every car in the garage. I parked and headed up to the condo. He was waiting for me in the hall. Even if he wasn't my client I would have noticed him. He was at least 6'2" and around 190 lbs. He had short dark hair and a huge smile. I was wondering why he needed a personal trainer. He looked like he worked out regularly.
He introduced himself, Mark, took my gym bag, and asked if I wanted a glass of water or something. I think I said that would be nice. Truly I was mostly checking out his place. I'd never been in a guys place that was so tastefully decorated. Well I had, but those guys were gay. This decor was not like that. Stark walls, beautiful artwork, and a lot of big wood and leather accents and furniture. You could smell the mahogany with a fresh spicy scent of something.
He brought me my water and we chatted a bit. I wanted to start by evaluating where we were and what were his goals. He invited me to sit. We sat down. I commented that he was obviously in shape and asked why he needed a trainer. He said he'd been goofing off for 2 months and needed someone to kick his ass and jump start him again.
I laughed and said, "let's get started."
He stood up and headed down the hall. It was obviously where the bedrooms were. I had my guard up immediately. I'm glad I didn't react. He stopped at the first room and opened the door. It was a home gym. Not just any home gym, I'm talking home GYM.
It was about 14x14 with mirrored walls. It had a home universal with about 250lbs on it, free weights, incline board, treadmill, elliptical, and stair climber. I was pretty impressed and said so. He laughed and thanked me.
He said, "I have not been in here in over two months. That's why you are here. I need someone to throw me in here and make me do it."
I don't think he got the double entendre. I did and let out a small laugh.
He then realized what he'd said, gave me a huge grin, and said, "You know what I mean."
I did. We got to work. We reviewed his regimen, I gave him some pointers and suggestions, and we chatted as we worked out. The conversation flowed easily. I was surprised when I checked my watch and our hour was about up.
During our hour he had told me he had a gallery opening that night. As I was packing up he asked me if I would be interested in attending. I was, a gallery opening sounded fun, but I have a rule against dating clients. I politely refused, told him of my rule, and said I have plans with my girlfriends anyway. He said he understood. He then asked me if I'd like to attend with my friends. He said there'd be free food, free drinks, music and dancing. I thought, after all, who can turn down free food. He offered to put us on the guest list. I told him I'd have to ask my friends. He said he would put us on the guest list and hope for the best.
I drove over my friend Beth's house. She and I have been friends for years. She's my wingman. Where I am tall thin and blonde, she is a petite brunette. When we go out we are always being hit on. We've worked out escape strategies for almost every situation. We hugged and I went in. We made the usual small talk. She asked what we were going to do tonight.
I told her about my last client and the gallery opening. Beth thought it sounded fantastic. I was not sure if she meant Mark or the opening. When I asked she just said yes. I told her to call Lyn and went to jump in the shower.
I showered and did my make up. I checked out my dress. I wondered if it was OK for a gallery opening. I'd never been to one. The dress was a little on the risqué side. After all, I thought we'd be out clubbing. It was black with a choker/halter collar. The dress had almost no back and was bare from neck to the small of my back. It ended about 3" below my ass. It was meant to be worn without a bra. I pulled my panties out of the bag and put them on. A pink and white lacy thong. The sides were about an inch wide and had ruffles and a little bow. I looked at myself in the mirror. Even I thought I looked hot in just my panties. At a 34c I was not the most curvaceous girl in the world, but I was hot. My blonde hair down to my shoulders, I knew I'd turn heads.
I put my makeup on, a pair of black heels and I was ready to go. When I walked out of the bathroom Beth was ready too. Her dress was not as sexy as mine, but sexy enough so I wouldn't feel out of place.
Beth handed me a glass of wine and said, "Hey leave some of the attention for us."
We chatted and laughed till Lyn came to get us.
The three of us called a cab and headed to the opening. When we got there our invitation was sitting at the reception table. Walking in we entered a large hall. Tons of art on the walls (obviously). There was a band playing old Sinatra era standards. There was a huge buffet and 4 bars.
Lyn immediately elbowed me in the ribs. I looked up and she pointed by nodding her head. She had noticed Mark. He was wearing grey slacks an open collar shirt and a jacket. At his size they were probably custom tailored. He looked good. He had not seen us yet. Lyn commented that she thought she'd like the art world.
Mark looked up and noticed us. He flashed that big grin and came over. I introduced him to Lyn and Beth. He offered us drinks. As we walked to the bar people would stop Mark to talk. It was obvious from their demeanor that they both liked and respected Mark. He would introduce us. We would flirt a bit, make pleasantries, and generally enjoy ourselves. We eventually got our drinks. We ate, chatted, had fun. Mark walked us around showing us the various art works and we all chatted and laughed as we tried to interpret them.
Eventually Mark asked me to dance. I refused and told him I could not leave my friends.
In unison they said "Go dance."
The music was swing era standards and Jazz. Not quite what I was used to dancing to. Mark held out his arms. I moved in but kept enough distance so I wasn't plastered against him. He took me in his arms and led. He'd obviously done this before. He still smelled like mahogany and spice. When he put his arm around me his hand landed on the bare skin of my back. I was extremely aware of its presence. One because it seemed too intimate for someone I just met. Two because I really liked it.
The night passed quickly. Food, dancing, flirting, and great conversations. Mark ever the gentleman danced a few dances with Lyn and Beth but most of his dances were for me. As the evening went on I found myself dancing closer and closer. Maybe it was the alcohol, that damn smell of spice, or the way I felt in his arms, but eventually my head rested on his shoulder as we danced. I let myself get lost in his strong arms. I could feel his hand at the small of my back. Still on bare skin. It was toying with the material of my dress right below his hand. I would feel his hand brush lightly under the material. Not far, but enough. I was very aware of it. I didn't want him to stop. I was wondering what I'd do if he slipped his hand down the back of my dress to my ass.
At a lull in the music Mark asked me if I wanted to get some fresh air. Feeling like the world was closing in I said yes. He escorted me out to the garden and patio. His hand on my back the whole time. My entire focus was on that hand. I wanted it to move. I was just not sure if I wanted it to move away or down.
We stopped. Mark turned to face me. His scent became stronger and stronger. His hand was like electricity on my back. He stepped in and kissed me. It was not a tentative kiss. It was the kiss of someone who knew he was in control and knew how to kiss. I kissed back. I melted in his arms and kissed back. That hand finally moved. It moved down. It slipped down into my dress and grabbed my ass. He pulled me to him as he kissed me again. His hand played with the material of my panties. I was hot. I have had one night stands but it's not my modus operandi. Right now I felt if he bent me over a fence and fucked me right there I'd let him.
We kissed like that for a while. Maybe a minute, maybe a week. I'm not sure. Eventually Mark looked at his watch and said the gallery was closing. We walked back in. I found Lyn and Beth. We all said our goodbyes and left. On the way home Lyn and Beth pumped me for details. I told them everything. We laughed and I went home.
Chapter 2
Next morning my phone rang about 10:00. It was Mark. I picked up the phone and started to apologize for last night and tell him it was unprofessional. Mark stopped me and told me he was firing me. I knew he would given my behavior. It was probably best anyways. Then it dawned on me. His next words were to ask me out for Saturday.
I said, "Yes."
Saturday I started getting ready. Given the other night I decided something with less access was appropriate. I picked a pink shirt dress. It buttoned down the front. It had a collar and the hem was a few inches below my knees. I buttoned the top down so you can see a bit of cleavage. The bottom I buttoned to 2 inches above the knee. Sexy but not too sexy. I wore a cute pink matching bra and thong set. I was sure he would not see them, but then that made me think of showing him. Ok, that made me a little wet. Maybe more than a little.
Mark picked me up. We ended up at a small restaurant. It was dark, intimate, and the food was delicious. As we ate and talked Mark touched me. My arm, leg, shoulder, I felt every touch. I kept moving closer to him. His hand rested on my thigh over my dress. Mark looked in my eyes and said "this isn't right." He reached down and started unbuttoning my dress. I just watched. Here I was in a restaurant and this man was unbuttoning the bottom of my dress. The bad thing is I let him. Looking back I think if he had taken it off me in the restaurant I probably would not have stopped him.
He didn't. He stopped maybe 2 inches below my pussy and then rested his hand on my thigh. "That's better" he said and kissed me. I could feel his hand on my thigh. All my senses were on that hand. I wanted to grab it and pull it into my pussy. I wanted his fingers inside me right then and there. I restrained myself and just kissed back.
We finished dinner and he escorted me out of the restaurant. As we walked I wondered if anyone noticed my dress was now undone more than it was when I came in.
We were in the parking garage next to the car. He kissed me. A long passionate kiss. Then he stood back. He again reached for the bottom buttons of my dress. Standing in the garage he undid the buttons until the dress was open to about 3 inches above my navel. I just looked in his eyes. I wondered how far he'd go. I was wondering if I bent over the hood of the car if he'd fuck me. The thought made me wetter and hornier.
He stopped and put his arms around me under my dress. One arm around my back, one on my ass. He pulled me to him and kissed me again. I plastered myself against him and kissed him. I could feel his cock getting hard. I started wondering what it looked liked. What it felt like. What it tasted like. He started to let me go but I wanted more. I kissed him again. Hard, passionately, I wanted him to know I was ready. Ready now, ready later, but ready.
He opened the car door for me. I got in. My dress fell away from me. I was exposed up to where my dress was buttoned a little below my breasts. If anyone looked in the car they would clearly see my panties. I did not even try to cover up. He got in s started driving. His hand on my thigh barely brushing the crotch of my panties. I actually tried to slide down so he would touch my pussy but he just moved his hand as I moved. Maddeningly close but not close enough.
He looked at me and said, "Where to."
I whispered, "Your place."
We arrived at his condo. He came around and opened my door. I started to button my dress. He said no and extended his hand. I left the dress unbuttoned, took his hand, and got out of the car. We walked through the garage. As we did my dress fell forward and back revealing my panties completely and closing again. I felt exposed but safe. It was exciting wondering if we would get caught.
As we exited the elevator on his floor we ran into a couple getting on the elevator. I felt like I should cover up, but if I covered up it would show that my dress was unbuttoned. The couple obviously knew Mark and Mark stopped to introduce me. I was burning. I could see them notice my dress. They both just smiled. Mark chatted a bit and put his arm around me. As he did he pulled my dress back a bit completely exposing my panties. I was hot. All I could think of is that they were looking at me. I could barely respond to the conversation.
I knew I was being shown off. I liked it. If he was going to show me off, then I wanted him too. I stepped forward so that his hand pushed my dress back more. I turned slightly. I knew they could now see the curve of my ass. They knew I was wearing a thong. Mark smiled at me and we went to his condo. As we walked in the house Mark closed the door. He kissed me. Again his hands under my dress on my ass. Hard and passionately. I responded.
He stepped back. Looked me in the eyes and said, "Lose the panties."
I put my hands In the band and slid them over my hips. He watched as I exposed my pussy and stepped out of my panties.
He reached over. Unbuttoned the rest of my dress and said, "Take it off."
I shrugged the dress of my shoulders and let it fall to the ground. Feeling silly in just my bra and heels I take my bra off and let it fall to the floor.
Here I was completely naked and he was fully dressed. I reached for his belt buckle. He stopped me. He put his hand around my neck, grabbed a handful of hair, pulled me to him and kissed me. I kissed back. I was grinding against him. I wanted his cock. I could feel it. I felt vulnerable but excited.
He pulled away to 2 inches from my face, looked at me, and softly said,. "Suck my cock."
I was thrilled. I wanted to suck it. I wanted to see it. I wanted it in my hands and in my mouth. I got down on my knees, unbuckled his pants, and pulled out his cock. I looked at it. It was bigger than normal. Not super big, but bigger and thicker than any I've seen in person. As I looked at it my mind flashed to anal sex. I don't know why. I've only had anal sex like 3 times, but that's where I went with it. I was wondering if I could get that thick thing in my ass. I was both excited and scared by the idea. I took his cock in my mouth. My lips stretched around it. There was no way I would get the shaft in my mouth. I wrapped my hands around the shaft and started jacking him off as I sucked.
He asked, "Do you like that?"
I said, "Yes."
He said, "Yes what."
I wasn't sure of the answer. I said, "Yes I like your cock."
Mark said, "Good girl, what do you want to do with my cock."
I was starting to get into this. What did I want to do? "Anything."
Again he said "Good girl."
I started going to town on his cock. I was soaking. Truthfully I did not care if he fucked me. I'd be happy I'd he came in my mouth. I wanted his cock. His cum. Anything.
He reached down and grabbed my hair again. He pulled me to my feet. He kissed me again. He said, "I want that pussy."
I replied, "Ok."
"On your knees."
He pushed me to the floor. My head on the carpet. Ass in the air. He got behind me. I could feel the tip of his cock against my pussy lips. He stopped. I tried to push back but he pulled back. I could feel his cock tantalizingly against my pussy lips. The tip sliding against them and against my clit.
Mark said, "Your cunt feels so wet".
Cunt? No one ever used that word with me before. It sounded dirty. I was feeling dirty. I was enjoying dirty.
My response surprised even me. "It's wet for you. I want you to fuck my cunt".
Wow, brave, I couldn't believe I said that but at the moment I really meant it.
He slid the head of his cock up and down my slit spreading my juices from my Clit to my anus. As he slid it back and forth I would feel the head disappeared slightly in the lips of my pussy. Then against my clit, back to my ass, and then pushing right against the opening of my cunt. I realized there was that word again. Now even I was thinking in terms of it. Electricity surged through my body as he slid it back and forth. I could feel my juices start to drip on my leg.
He had every string of my body on edge. Then I felt the tip enter my pussy. He was thick with a thicker round head. He only inserted the tip. I could feel it stretching my lips and pulling on my clit.
I yelled, "Fuck me. Fuck my pussy. Stop teasing me and jam your cock up my cunt."
He laughed. He leaned close to me and whispered, "What kind of girl talks line that?"
I knew the answer and he was right. That's who I was for him. "A slut," I said.
He plunged his cock into me. I came immediately. Shuddering through the aftershocks I felt him pumping his cock into me. I felt it start to build again.
He asked me, "What do I get?"
I panted. I was cumming again. When my head cleared I said, " Anything.. I am your slut. Fuck me. Fuck my slutty cunt. Fill me with your cum."
He fucked me. He fucked me hard. My ass in the air I came at least 3 more times. I was getting tired. He was still hard he pulled out of me.
"Come clean my cock," he said.
He did not have to tell me twice. I crawled over and started licking his cock clean. I could taste my pussy all over his cock. I loved it.
He looked at me and said "let's see, I fucked your mouth, I fucked your cunt, what's left?"
I briefly pulled my mouth off his cock and said "my ass."
He said "what do you want?"
I knew what I wanted. "I want you to fuck my ass."
He told me to give it to him. I turned. My ass toward him I put my head on the floor. He again started sliding his cock up and down my slit. Spreading my juices all over my asshole. He stuck his cock back in my pussy. I felt his thumb at the entrance to my ass. I was plenty wet and it slid right in. I enjoyed the feeling of being double fucked and came again.
I felt his thumb pull out of my ass. His cock pulled out of my pussy. He rested the head right up against my opening. He just stayed there. I pushed back. This time he did not pull back. He let me slide back on his cock at my own pace.
Slowly I felt the tip slide into my ass. I felt full. Not just full I felt like I would burst. As I took his entire cock I could feel the pleasure and pain of my ass being split. His cock bottomed out and when he was all inside me I came.
I started yelling. "Fuck my ass. Fill my ass up. My ass is yours. My pussy is yours. My mouth is yours." It was. He could fuck anything he wanted.
As he fucked me he talked to me. "That's it. Give me that ass. Show me what a great fuck you are. Show me that you're my slut."
I couldn't take it any more. The pressure in my ass, the words. My head exploded. My pussy exploded. My legs collapsed under me. An earth shattering orgasm.
I was wiped out. Mark pulled out of me. He picked me up and carried me to his room. With a warm cloth he cleaned my ass and my pussy. He covered me up. I fell asleep, My last thought was "I didn't make him cum."
I woke up to the sun coming in the window. It took me a minute to remember where I was. I immediately panicked. What got into me last night. What was I thinking. I started to look for my clothes so I could get out of there.
As I did Mark showed up at my door with a tray of toast, juice, and fruit. "Good morning. How are you feeling this morning?"
I said "I'm not sure. A little insecure maybe. I've never done that with another man."
Mark laughing "You were a virgin?"
"No," I said "I've never acted so slutty,"
He leaned over and kissed me on the forehead. "You were a great slut."
"Is that all?" I asked. After all I thought what kind of a guy wants a woman that slutty.
"No," said Mark. "At least I hope not. I have another opening next week in San Francisco. Why don't you come spend the weekend with me."
"Really?"
"Yes, but I do have to warn you. I'm from there so you will meet a bunch of my friends and family."
I kissed him and laughed. I then remembered. "I didn't make you cum last night."
He answered, "There's always tonight."
Chapter 3
I looked at the breakfast Mark made me. I realized I was starving. I thought to myself, being a slut is hard work.
I started eating. Mark sat on the bed next to me. He joined me in breakfast. He was sitting in a pair of gym shorts. I was naked. The covers fell to my waist as I sat up. I was feeling exposed and vulnerable. Mark asked me to go away with him next weekend. I did not know if we were at the beginning of a relationship or a booty call. I realized if it were a booty call I would be there in a flash. I liked having my inner slut unleashed.
I thought about being 1/2 naked talking to his friends. I had never done anything like that. Just thinking of it I could feel myself getting wet again. I wondered if I'd have any limits with Mark.
I looked at Mark. I realized that this is the first time I'd seen him without clothes. Last night he fucked me clothed. I was naked, he stayed dressed. All I saw was his cock. I reminded myself it was a nice cock and laughed to myself that I was thinking that.
What a slut, I thought. I enjoyed the thought.
My eyes fell to his chest. He was in good shape. He was right, he had not worked out for a while, but he was certainly no slouch. He was not all lean and 6 packy, but he was still the guy you'd check out and watch as he walked down the beach.
Random thought. His chest and shoulders must have been twice as wide as I was. He obviously weighed close to double I did. At 6'2". That wasn't hard. His chest was not shaved. So many guys shaved these days. He had a light amount of hair on his chest and legs. I remembered that his cock and balls were shaved. Again an inward laugh, wasn't that sweet of him.
As we ate Mark talked. He asked me about my work. He seemed genuinely interested. He asked about family and friends. He made me feel relaxed and less vulnerable. He talked about himself also. He told me about his job. He bought art for wealthy socialites. He traveled all over the world. His clients wanted unique pieces. He had to travel and find unique art that fit their decor and tastes.
We finished breakfast. I wasn't sure what to do. As he was cleaning up I said I should be going. He asked me if I had anything special to do. I told him I didn't.
He said, "Good, no rush then. Let's take a shower."
His shower was like the rest of his house. It was obviously set up for 2. It had 2 of those full body shower things in it. I wondered how many women had been in that shower. He turned it on and waited for the water to heat. We stepped in. As I faced the shower heads I felt him start to wash my back. It felt good. He had strong but gentle hands.
He lingered at my butt a little longer. I knew I had a great ass and was enjoying the fact that he appreciated it. I turned to face him. I took the soap from him and started to wash his chest. I could feel the muscles under his skin. I looked up at his face. He hadn't shaved yet and the black stubble made him look more masculine and more sexy.
As I scrubbed his chest he put his arms around my waist. My hands moved lower to his stomach. I lightly brushed his cock. It started to react. I liked that I caused that reaction in him. I washed his cock a bit and it got hard in my hands. Feeling playful, and practical, I told him to turn around and I scrubbed his back. When I was done he turned back to face me. He kissed me. I was trying not to get my hair wet, but I gave up. The feeling of him kissing me and the hot water cascading over my body made me just give in. I let the water flow over my whole body. I threw my arms around him kissing him in a way that told him I would do anything. I could feel his hard cock against my belly.
He pushed me back. My hands on his shoulders he started to wash my front. His hands were strong but gentle. As he washed my breasts my nipples got hard under his touch. I felt his hands move down. I knew where they were going. Based on last night I wanted him to get to my pussy. I thought, cunt, not pussy, sluts have cunts.
I liked that thought. If anyone had used that word before last night I would have stabbed them. Maybe not stabbed, but I would have been mad. Now the thought of him telling me he wanted my cunt made me even wetter.
After a day or two his hand finally got there. Okay, it wasn't that long, but it seemed it. His fingers played with my clit. I moaned. My hands were still wrapped around his cock. As his fingers slid inside me I pushed my pussy against his fingers. I closed my eyes tilted my head back and enjoyed the feeling. He knew what he was doing. I felt the orgasm build inside me. Not the earth shattering orgasm of last night. But, like pizza, there's no such thing as a bad orgasm. I wrapped my arms around his neck to steady myself.
He kissed me. Not the hard, take control kisses of last night. These were sweet gentle kisses. Naked, wet, skin to skin, I came on his fingers.
He gave me a moment and turned the water off. He reached over and grabbed a towel. Actually it was more a bath sheet. Chest to chest, he wrapped it around us. He dried me off I stood there and enjoyed the feeling of being pampered.
When we were dry he dropped the towel. He picked me up and carried me back to bed. He lay me down on my back and got on top of me. He was kissing me. I was kissing back. Even though he kept his arms down so his weight was not on top of me I could feel his body. I knew that if he wanted he could have his way with me. Not that it mattered. He could have his way with me anyway.
He started kissing my neck, my ears, my throat, my forehead. He placed his cock against my pussy. I spread my legs to give him complete access. His cock slid right in me. He kissed his way down my neck to my nipples. He sucked one into his mouth then the other, sometimes lightly biting them. I wrapped my legs around him and thrust up. My arms around his neck.
His hands trace my arms from my shoulders to my wrists. They moved down slowly. When he got to my wrists he grabbed them, pulled them over my head, and pinned me down. I felt under his control again, but this time it was sweet. I let myself go completely. I just let him pamper my body. He slowly fucked me. He continued kissing my body, my tits, my neck, my ears.
I felt it building again. This time small waves. With every stroke another wave. I did not move. I lay back and let the waves wash over me. He rolled off me and lay beside me.
As I caught my breath I realized he had not cum yet. I'd cum countless times and he didn't cum once. I had to fix that. After all, I'd been doing this a while too. I had moves. I've never had any complaints. In fact, I've had great reviews. I sat up. Swinging my leg over him I said. "Now it's my turn."
Mark laughed and said "Don't hurt me."
I replied "No Promises."
I positioned my pussy right on top of his cock. Not the tip. His cock was against his body pointing up. I was rubbing my pussy along the underside of his cock, soaking it with my juices. As I rubbed it I put my pussy up and down his shaft he tried to enter me. I kept pulling away. I kept putting my tits in his face and making him suck my nipples.
"This time you're going to cum god dammit. I want your cum. I want it now. You can cum in my mouth, on my face, on my tits, in my cunt, or on my ass."
I bit his ear. I whispered in it, "I don't care which, but you are going to cum."
I slid up the length of his cock and positioned it at the opening to my pussy. He tried to thrust but I pulled back.
"No way you bastard I'm in charge now." I liked it. I could feel the power. By letting myself be his slut, I claimed power of being a slut. "This time you are going to cum for me." Then I slowly let his cock slide in me.
When I was full, I started fucking him. I fucked him like I meant it. All the time I was coaxing him. I would go from shouting, "Give your slut your fucking cum." To whispering "Fill me up. Fill up my slutty little cunt."
He'd grab my hips and I'd say, "Get your hands off me. I'm fucking you."
He closed his eyes and I fucked him. I kept coaxing him, "That's it baby. Cum for me. Fill me up."
All of a sudden I felt his cock start to grow inside of me. I started louder "That's it. Cum. Cum in my cunt. Make my cunt yours with your cum."
He came. His body tensed. I could feel the juices spurt inside me. I kept pumping him.
"That's it baby. Give it all to me."
His body shuddered. He must of cum in gallons. As I pumped him I could feel the cum leak out of me. As I did, I came too. Hard. From my pussy to my teeth. I reached down and gathered as much on my fingers as possible and licked my fingers. MMmmmmmmm.
He said, "You never answered me about San Francisco."
I fell beside him on the bed and said, "Yes".
Chapter 4
Saturday, after we made love, (made love? Yes, that's what Saturday was). After, he drove me home. Well to Beth's house. That's where I left my car. He had to go out of the country
I had got out of bed. All I had were my clothes from the night before. I threw on my dress and put my underwear in my purse. Mark laughed and said that he might never let me wear underwear again. My mind flashed to the restaurant and running into his friends. I thought of them seeing me without panties. It made me wet. I avoided Beth. I knew she'd tease me. It was OK, I just wanted to put it off till tomorrow.
Going out of the country Mark said with the time difference it would be hard to stay in touch. He told me he'd pick me up Friday. During the week he sent me a few texts with pictures that he found funny or interesting. They were sweet and cute.
Me, I was like a woman possessed. I'm human, I masturbate, but that week I could not get my fingers out of my pussy. I could practically feel Mark touching me. I wish I could say it was the romantic day I was thinking about, but it wasn't. It was the slutty night. I relived every moment of it. Every time I thought of those people seeing me I thought of more things. Would he really have wanted me pantieless? Would Mark fuck me in front of them? What would I do? How would his cum feel on my skin, my face, my tits. Would he cum on me in front of someone? (damn I almost came typing that). I was a mad woman. I had trouble paying attention while working.
It was Thursday night. I was packing for my trip. I knew we were going for 2 nights. He had said we might run into friends or family. I knew Mark liked me to show off a little (a lot?) but if we were meeting people he knew I needed to be presentable, or so I thought. It was warm, but warm in SF could mean low 70s.
I figured 4 dresses, 2 tops and a pair of jeans. I could travel in a cute sundress, take a dress that would work for a family or business dinner, and 2 dresses that would stop truck from a mile away. Jeans could fill in when needed. Then I opened my lingerie drawer. I am in my early 30s. I have been in LA dating for quite a while. I am pretty sexually open. I have not had many lovers, but the ones I have had I've surprised with sexy lingerie.
I liked frilly stuff. I liked being a girl and being soft and feminine. OK, yes, I liked being a slut, but that's not the point. I took out 4 pair of my prettiest bra and panty sets. There wasn't much too them, but what there was looked good on me. I saw my red and my black garter and stockings. You can never have enough slutwear. I had bra and panties to match both so I threw them in. After all it didn't take much room. As I packed it I pictured myself strutting in front of Mark in them. I stopped and daydreamed for a while about where that would go. Last I grabbed 2 Nighties. Sheer, Lacy, hot with matching panties. I looked at my bag. 8 pairs of panties? Oh well, given how much he turns me on I figured I might go through them all.
Mark picked me up at 4. I wore my sundress. It may have shown a bit more than I normally would. It was one of my shorter more form fitting dresses. Nothing outrageous but I did have to be careful when I sat down or bent over. Mark came to the door and I let him in. He looked me up and down and said "Hot." Then he kissed me. I just melted. I pulled myself close to him. He smelled great. I kissed him passionately, deeply. We'd known each other for a week. I thought if this were a fling it was worth it.
Mark spun me around. He pushed me over the table in the dining room. I reached forward and grabbed the edges. I just pushed my ass out. I was thinking fuck me, but I also knew we had a flight. He pulled my dress up and slid his fingers up to the crotch of my panties. Then pulled them aside and slid his fingers in me. I was wet. I was wet with anticipation before he got there. I was wetter with excitement now. His fingers felt so good. I pushed back on them. I spread my legs to give him better access. He got on his knees behind me and started licking my pussy. He'd obviously done this a lot. With all the anticipation over the week I came on his face in like 30 seconds.
He laughed and said, "Looks like my slut is ready for the weekend"
I just said, "Yes."
I was still bent over the table. He reached up, and slid my panties down. I did not protest. I just stepped out of them. He left them on the floor. He picked up my bags and said, "Let's go."
The cab ride to the airport was uneventful. Mark told me all about his trip. I told him about my week. I was aware I was not wearing panties. His hand sat on my thigh as he drove. My dress had slid up almost to my pussy. I did not bother fixing it. We checked in and went to the gate.
As I sat I kept pulling down my dress. After all, we were in public.
Mark finally said, " Stop it."
I stopped. I was aware I was pantiless. On the other hand, except for a lot of leg, I was sure no one could see anything. Still I was nervous sitting there. What I could not believe is I was wet too. I wondered if I would soak through the dress. Then I realized it was so short I was barely sitting on it.
We started to board. The flight is a short one and almost everyone uses the cheap regional airline. There is no first class. We had an aisle and middle seat. When we got there a guy about mid 40s was in the window seat. As I got in Mark was behind me. He slid his hand up my dress and patted my ass. I jumped a bit. The guy in the row saw what was happening.
Normally I'd be embarrassed but I loved the look on his face. He just smiled at me approvingly. As I sat down in the middle seat Mark flipped up the back of my dress. My naked ass was right on the seat. I looked at my crotch and at the guy next to me. He smiled. I smiled back. I was pretty sure I was covered.
Mark introduced himself and me. I'm not the type who talks to strangers on a plane but obviously he was. The guy introduced himself and we made the usual small talk. Mark's hand was on my thigh. It was pretty high on my thigh. It was practically burning my thigh. I was extremely aware of every movement his hand made. I could feel it on the hem of my dress. I knew that every once in a while, when I moved, Mark pushed my dress up.
Every once in a while the guy stared down at my legs. He tried not to be obvious, but let's face it. It's a small space and my pussy was practically showing. I knew he was looking. When Mark caught him looking Mark just smiled and went on chatting. Me? I could barely breathe.
The flight attendant came by with drinks. She saw Mark's hand and gave me a stern look. She then looked at Mark. He flashed her that winning smile and started chatting with her. She giggled and got our drinks. She whispered something to the other attendant. The other one just looked at me and smiled.
As they passed Mark reengaged the guy next to us. I could not hear the conversation. Blood was pounding in my ears. I knew if my skirt slipped up one more inch my pussy would be on display. I had an urge to just pull the dress up. The anticipation, wonder, the waiting was killing me. My senses were on high alert. I heard Mark say that I was so gorgeous he couldn't bear to leave me at home for the weekend. The guy agreed I was gorgeous.
Mark, to me, "What do you say to the nice man?"
I looked at Mark, then the man and said, "Thank you."
Mark then said that he thought my legs were one of my best features. The guy agreed. I felt like I was a prize being displayed. Sadly, I really liked the feeling. I didn't want to, but I did. Then Mark shocked me.
He said to me, "The man complimented your legs show him how great they are."
My dress was practically at my pussy, I wasn't wearing panties, every inch of my legs were already on display. I looked at Mark.
He just quietly, "Go ahead."
I wasn't sitting on my dress. I reached to the waist and started tugging in up. I am not sure I was breathing. I had to admit that I was tingling all over. I really wanted to take the dress off. I wanted to show off. I wanted to see this guy's reaction. I knew I could not do that. I was embarrassed that I thought about it. I pulled the dress up above my seat belt. My legs were not spread, but I was obviously on display. The guy commented I was beautiful. I said thank you and let the hem of the dress settle over my seatbelt.
The flight was only 45 minutes. I was like that for about 10. The Flight attendant came by to tell us to buckle up. My dress was over the belt and I was not sure how to show her it was buckled. Mark just grinned at her, said it was buckled and pulled my dress up to show her. I was clearly on display. The attendant laughed and said thank you.
We landed. As I bent over to retrieve my bag from under the seat Mark pulled the back of my dress up. Our seat mate could easily see my ass. I think the guy standing in the aisle could too. I smiled at him as we got off the plane.
Mark had a limousine waiting. The driver greeted Mark by name. We climbed in the back. I went to sit down but Mark pushed me down. I was on my knees on the floor facing the driver. Mark pulled my dress up. He got behind me and fucked me. No foreplay, sweet words, or anything. It did not matter. My pussy was soaked. He slid right in. Facing forward I noticed the privacy window was down. I could see the driver's eyes watching me in the mirror. I came. He smiled at me. God, I thought, I am a slut. On the way to the hotel I came 3 more times. After the first one I let go. I was not quiet.
We got to the hotel. Mark gave our bags to the bellman who greeted him by name. We checked in and the bellman said the bags would be right up. We got to the room, Mark kissed me. I was wild. I kissed back. If I could have I would have melted into his skin. I was so hot I think I did.
This time Mark pushed me over the desk. My dress was up again and he was fucking me. I came the second he entered me. I have always had orgasms, but I could not believe how many times this guy had made me cum in less than a week. Then, a knock on the door. He pulled out.
I went to stand up but he said, "Stay there." I did.
Mark tucked his cock into his pants and answered the door. He greeted the Bellman by name and let him in. As the bellman brought the bags in he looked at me. Mark introduced me. That's right. Bent over a table, ass and pussy on display, Mark introduced me. I just stayed where I was and said hi.
Marked tipped the bellman and came back to me. He wrapped his fingers around my hair and I could feel his cock enter me again. I moaned. Seriously, my pussy was so wet I could feel my juices ½ way down my thighs. As Mark fucked me I started to cum again. What the hell. What's one more? Mark pulled out of me. I laid there panting.
Mark said, "I'm going to enjoy my little slut this weekend." I came.
Chapter 5
After my last orgasm I was ready to turn the tables. I stood up, looked him in the eye and said, "Now you're going to get it".
He laughed and said, " Promise?"
I unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants and boxers down. As they were around his ankles I pushed him. He tripped over his pants and fell on the bed. He laughed. I straddled his face. My knees were on his arms. He could have thrown me off easily but he laid there in submission. I was facing his feet. I stuck my pussy in his face and said, "Get to work, eat me."
He said, "Yes sir." I felt his tongue on my clit. Mmmmmm. He was really good at this. I arched my back. Threw my head back.
"Lick me, c'mon, make me cum".
He did. Damn, how many was that today. I pulled my pussy off his face and sucked his cock into my mouth. My ass and pussy above his face where he could see them. I could taste my pussy on his cock. I never really thought about it before. This time I was savoring the flavor of his precum and my pussy. I was determined to make him cum.
I attacked his cock with a vengeance. All the while telling him, "Cum for me you bastard. Fill my mouth. Cover my face. I want your cum. I am your cumslut. Give me what I want."
I meant it. Every word. I wanted to watch him cum. I wanted to see him spurt I wanted to feel it. Between words I attacked his cock. I attacked like it was favorite thing on earth. Truthfully, it was. For the last week I thought about his cock, his cum, as much as I thought about food.
I sat up. Again my pussy on his face. I pulled my dress off. He licked me as I did. Then I bent down and pumped his cock as I sucked it. When it wasn't in my mouth (a girls gotta breathe) I was telling him I wanted his cum, I was his slut. He started thrusting into my mouth. I actually felt sad I couldn't take it all. I had to pull back a bit, but what I could take I did. I tried to make up the rest with my hands. All the while urging him to cum for me.
He moaned. He grabbed my ass and said, "Yes, better be ready."
I replied, "Give it to me."
I barely got my mouth back on his cock before he exploded. I felt jet after jet in my mouth. It was hot, salty, sweet, delicious. I'd cum at least a million to times this week. As far as I know Mark had only cum once. He filled my mouth. I could not swallow fast enough. I pulled off his cock. Some hit me it the face, some on my tits. It felt great. Wet, hot, sticky, mmmmmm. It felt amazing.
I turned around. Now I was straddling his hips as I faced him. I ground my wet pussy into his body. Then I started scooping his cum off my body and licking my fingers clean. What I couldn't scoop I rubbed into my tits. As I ate it I told him how good it tasted. He just laid there looking at me.
"That was incredible," He finally said.
Amazingly, after all that he started to get hard again. I rubbed my pussy on his cock. I thought, I could go again.
Instead he pushed me off him playfully and said, " It's 8:00, we've got 9:00 dinner reservations.
Dinner? I was starved. I guess a girl can't live on just cum. I had been pretty much fucking since 4:00 pm. I wanted meat. I giggled a bit. Meat, I've had lots of meat so far. Mark asked me what I was giggling about. I didn't answer. I just asked him the dress code for tonight.
He said, "Fucktoy".
"Mmmmmm," I said. "You got it."
I looked in the mirror. I was a sight. Dried cum on my face and tits. I looked fucked. I felt fucked. The best part was, I could do it again. I thought to myself, maybe I should just wear this cum, that's a pretty fucktoy look. The thought of someone seeing me like this made me wet. Actually I think by this time I was in a perpetual state of being wet.
I showered quick and cleaned up. I pulled stuff out of my bag. I actually brought 2 dresses with me. They were my hottest dresses. Tight, short, let's of cleavage, and back showing. I did not know where we were going, but he said fucktoy. I picked the white one. The white dress was short. Barely covered my ass. It hugged my every curve, had a scoop neck and spaghetti straps. It had a zipper that started at my neck and went ½ way down my ass. When I walked in it it would slide up. If I did not pull it down often my ass would be on display. Best thing it was semi sheer and had a slit up the side from the bottom to my hip. I only wore it once. Then I wore nude colored panties and a bra with it. I was in a very dark club. I was still embarrassed.
This time I grabbed a white thong. Big enough to be seen, small enough to be hot. I pulled it on. I then slid the dress on. You could see a hint of my pink nipples through the dress. My thong stood out. A grabbed a pair of white 4" strappy heels and looked at myself in the mirror. I looked hot. Slutty, but classy slutty.
Mark was dressed. He had washed in the sink while I was showering. He was wearing dress jeans and a pullover sweater. He looked good. He watched me get dressed.
When I was done I asked, "Slut enough?"
He said, "No such thing".
He kissed me. He smelled good. I kissed him back. His hands fell to the bottom of my dress. He pulled it up and grabbed my ass as he kissed me. I moaned as he did. He broke the kiss, slapped my ass and said, "Time to go."
I yelped. It stung. I had never let anyone slap my ass before. I would have killed them. Mark did it and I wanted to ask for more.
Chapter 6
We headed out the door. The elevator came. 2 guys, maybe in their late 20s early 30s, were in it. I forgot we had to walk through the hotel to get out. A quick feeling of insecurity hit me. Then I saw their faces. Their eyes practically fell out of their skulls. With confidence I walked in the elevator. I was feeling naughty. I dropped my purse. With my ass towards them I bent over and picked it up. The boys openly stared. Mark just smirked at me.
Mark was in the elevator already. One of the boys held the door open. I got on the elevator. I thanked him for holding the door. Two more floors. Three couples got on the elevator. The guys checked me out. So did the women. As usual with elevators no one said a word. We all faced the front. I backed up to make room. I backed right into one of the boys. I felt his cock against my ass. He was semi hard and getting harder. All I could think was Steve Erkel saying, did I do that?
I leaned back a bit more. Now he was hard. I felt his cock line up with the crack of my ass. I pushed my ass back and might have moved around a bit more than I should have it. The elevator dinged and the door opened. Our floor.
I stepped out of the elevator in front of Mark. As Mark stepped out I blew a kiss to the boy. The door closed. It made me laugh, the two boys forgot to get off the elevator. We walked through the lobby to get a cab. More than one person turned to look at me. Dammit. I could not believe how wet I felt. My mother would have killed me.
Hell, last week's me would have killed me.
We grabbed a cab and Mark told the driver where to take us. It was 9:15 when we got to the restaurant. The hostess recognized Mark and greeted him by name.
"Welcome back. Your tables ready."
Mark introduced me. The hostess was genuinely happy to meet me. She commented on how pretty I was and that she loved my dress. I briefly wondered how many girls Mark had taken here. Oh well, I knew this was a fling, so no use thinking about it. If you're going to have a fling it might as well be with someone who knew how to do it.
As I walked through the restaurant my dress slid up a bit. I knew the bottom of my ass was showing. I was pretty sure you could see the crotch of my panties. Men looked, a few women chastised their men.
We were given a table by the back. It was not private, but it was not out in the open either. I could see a few couples at the bar and other tables. The hostess led us to our seats. The table was a 4 top in a corner. The seats against the wall were booth benches. We each slid in. I did not bother pulling my dress down. I could feel my ass cheeks directly on the seat. I thought to myself that I would probably feel that a lot with Mark.
The hostess looked down. I am sure she could see the dress almost pooled at my waist. She smiled at me, looked at Mark and said, "I really love that dress." She left and said our server would be right there.
The waiter came and took our order. He kept glancing at my legs and crotch and not listening to the order. Mark had to repeat the drinks 3 times. When he left I giggled. Mark bet me he'd get the order wrong. With Mark's hand on my thigh we talked, flirted, and looked at the menu.
At one point I realized that Mark's hand was almost right against my pussy. Last week I would have been aware as soon as Mark touched me. Seven days later I am exposed, his hand on my thigh, and I am feeling perfectly comfortable.
The waiter took our order and brought our meal. As we were talking an older gentleman approached the table. He was very distinguished looking. Probably in his late 50s early 60s. He greeted Mark. Mark stood up, shook his hand and introduced me. I recognized the guy's name. Well, not his first name, but his family name is well known. As Mark introduced me the man looked me up and down. He really did not react. He just took me in. Under his gaze I again felt exposed. The feeling of being exposed made my pussy wet. An image of pulling my dress up more so he could get a really good look flashed through my mind. Dammit. Why was I enjoying being on display this much.
The gentleman was attached to the gallery we were visiting tomorrow. Mark invited him to join us. The man said he would for a moment as he wanted to talk to Mark about something. He sat down and ordered a drink.
Mark and he started to talk. As they talked Mark's fingers slid up against my panties. He tried to rub my pussy. Seriously, right at the table. I looked at him with a "stop that" face. He just smiled at me and continued his conversation like nothing was happening. He also kept probing with his fingers. It was beginning to feel good.
I parted my legs a bit to make it easier for him. I figured that way there would not be as much struggling and our guest would not notice. Mark's fingers slid under the material of my panties and onto my wet clit. I gasped. Our guest asked me if I was OK. I looked at Mark. He had an amused look on his face.
I thought of saying, "Yes, Mark just has his fingers in my cunt" but thought it was probably not the best choice. I commented I was fine.
Mark continued the conversation. I did not need to be involved. That was good as all I could concentrate on were Mark's fingers. The words went on but my whole focus was on my pussy. At one point Mark pulled his fingers out of my pussy and, looking like he was in thought, brought his fingers to his mouth and lightly sucked on the tips. I thought the whole room smelled like my pussy. I was obviously at a heightened state.
Mark's hand fell back to my lap. I spread my legs even further to give him access. Mark just continued his conversation. If the guy noticed anything he did not let on. Me? All I could hear was my breathing and a crashing wave sound in my head. I let myself go to the feeling of Mark's fingers. They skillfully played with my clit and pussy. I felt my wetness on the tops of my thighs. He would spread it all over my pussy. Not once did he miss a beat in the conversation.
I let out a small moan. The gentleman then seemed to notice what Mark was doing. He quickly changed his conversation from business with Mark to me. He asked me how I liked the restaurant and food. He asked about me. His eyes smiled. He was enjoying watching me squirm. I pretended he did not know for a few minutes and chatted back. All the while Mark was making me squirm more and more. I knew our guest knew what was going on. That made me hotter. I was feeling that pressure more and more. Knowing I was being watched was such a turn on. He could not see anything, but the fact that he knew made this hot.
Since he knew I just gave in. I closed my eyes and put my head back. I moaned slightly. Our guest said I was a beautiful and sexy woman. I sighed. He commented on how sexy it was to watch a woman in the throes of pleasure. He asked Mark if my pussy felt as good as the rest of me looked.
Mark replied, "She has a great cunt."
That made me moan again. I started grinding my pussy against Mark's fingers. Our guest started coaxing me. Telling me how sexy I was. Encouraging me to cum on Mark's fingers. It was surreal. I could hear our guest's words. I was the center of attention. I spread my legs far enough to give Mark complete access. I grabbed his hand with mine and pulled it hard to my pussy. I humped his fingers like nothing else mattered. With a small grunt I came. This time it was just one crash. I bit my lip and let it wash over me. The guys watched me.
Our guest stood up. "I'll let you two enjoy your evening," he said. He shook Mark's hand and left the table.
Mark pulled his fingers out of my cunt. He held them up to my mouth. I took them in my lips and licked and sucked them clean. When I was done Mark kissed me. I leaned my head on his shoulder. He gently kissed my forehead and said, You are an amazing slut".
It felt good. For him I wanted to be.
Chapter 7
I looked at Mark. "I can't believe you fucking did that."
He smiled and said, "Me? You fucking loved it."
He was right. I did. I had to admit I always liked being admired. With Mark to make sure I'm safe from others I could let myself go. Of course, I did not know who'd keep me safe from Mark. I just shook my head.
We continued eating. During dinner I had to hit the restroom. I looked in the mirror. I looked very hot and very naughty.
The week after my first night with Mark I had lunch with my friend Beth. She had pumped me for details. She commented on how hot Mark was and joked that she'd do anything he asked. I laughed and said, "I kinda did." She started pumping me for details. I told her almost everything. I left out my slutty talk and the way I told him he could fuck my ass.
She was all ears. She asked if I would see him again. I told her about this weekend. She made me swear to give her details when I got back.
Looking at myself in the mirror I snapped a selfie. I sent it to Beth with the caption "Dressed for a night out." I got a reply almost immediately.
"You Slut. LOL. I'd dress like that for him any day. I want details when you get home."
I responded, "Maybe," brushed my hair and headed back to the table.
We finished eating. I looked at Mark and said, "Where too?"
He said, "Dancing."
I could picture me dancing in this dress. No Bra, my tits although not big would certainly bounce. The short tight dress would ride up. I'd either spend all night with my ass on display or tugging the dress down. I knew what Mark would like. I knew what I should do. I admit, I knew what I wanted to do and would do. Whatever Mark told me.
We took a cab to a restaurant. On the door it said closed for a private party. There was a $60 cover charge. The woman who took our money said, " Welcome to Pleasure Zone". The place was packed. I looked around. I was not the sluttiest dressed woman there. This place was packed with slutwear. I asked Mark about the place. He told me it was a private swingers party in SF. One of the biggest. There must have been 150 people there.
Swingers? Did Mark expect me to swap? I didn't like the idea. I did not like the idea of Mark with another woman. I reminded myself I'd just met him and acting as slutty as I had been, could really not expect anything long term. I also knew that in the right mood, at the right time, I might do anything he asked. After all, what girl hasn't fantasized about sex with a stranger. Hell, I've had fantasies about having sex with multiple strangers. This however was possibly real. It made me nervous, not sure, and feeling insecure.
We went to the bar and got drinks. I watched the people. Most of the crowd was 25 to 45. Some outliers, but that was the norm. It was generally an attractive crowd. What you'd find in almost any club but with older attractive people thrown in.
Clothes went from street wear to I don't know where they bought that. You could see some girls flashing their tits every once in a while. If you watched you could see women In short skirts and tell they weren't wearing panties. Couples were dancing with others. Girls were dirty dancing with guys and other girls. Well, I'd done that. The difference is a lot of these girls were making out. Well I'd done that too.
The atmosphere was sexual. You could feel it. The driving music. The lighting. The bodies grinding against each other. Even among these people we got a few looks as we walked through. Someone would notice us, whisper to their partner, they'd both look again. I did not fool myself. In this case Mark was the draw. There were lots of women as pretty as me dressed as or more slutty.
Over to my left there were stairs a stage and a pole. There were a few girls grinding on the pole. They were no sexier than anyone else at the club. No one paid them much attention except the other girls on the pole and maybe their men. I did see a group of guys talking amongst each other.
I asked Mark about the place. He told me it was what they call an off premises swingers club. That meant people come here to meet but they go elsewhere for sex. I saw someone flash her tits. I asked Mark if people got naked. He said that you are really not allowed to show your nipples or genitals. People do, but it's a quick flash.
Since I was asking, I figured I'd go for it.
"Do you want to swap with someone tonight?" I asked. I was looking down. I was afraid of the answer.
Mark smiled, he took my hand, he put his other hand under my chin, looked me in the eyes and said, "If I asked you to, would you give your cunt to one of these guys?"
I thought carefully. He had that look in his eye. I thought if I said no I'd disappoint him. I realized I did not want that. I'd do almost anything he asked to be with him right now. I answered, "I'd do what you asked me to."
He kissed my forehead. It felt good, approving. Holding my hands he whispered in my ear. "No one is fucking that slutty little cunt tonight but me." I let out a deep breath.
We got another drink.
A pretty girl came up beside us. She said hi to us and introduced herself. She was hot. Short, thin, pretty, and about 12. Ok she was probably in her low 20s. She started to chat us up. Idle stuff about the club. The kind of things guys say when they want to start a conversation in a bar. I thought to myself, He said no guys. What about girls?
Mark excused himself from the girl and said he promised me a dance. As he started to escort me to the floor I said, with my eyes down again, "I've never been with a girl."
That did not come out right. That sounded like I wanted to be. I mean I'd thought about it but really wasn't that interested.
Mark kissed my cheek and said, "I'm not sharing you with anyone tonight. I want everyone to see me with you and be jealous they're not me."
I looked at all the hot women. I was not sure I could do that but I was sure going to try. The music was a pounding club beat. I had danced with Mark the first night, but that was soft jazz slow dancing. I'm a girl. We can shake our asses. Mark was a 40 year old white guy. His choices were limited. He moved gracefully into the safe white guy dance. He had rhythm. He kind of looked like Frank Sinatra singing a classic and shuffling to it. I could picture him with a hat and jacket slung over his shoulder.
Me? I wanted to make him proud. I've been going to LA clubs for years. I knew how to shake it. We danced. I would dance around him, dip, shake my ass, or tits at him. I would grind against him sliding my ass against his cock. I had moves. He appreciated watching me. A few couples came over to dance by us. Usually led by the girls. Lots of couples were dancing in small groups. The girls would dance around Mark. Mark let them. If they talked to him he engaged them, but mostly he watched me.
I think some of the girls noticed this and started dancing with me. I didn't mind. My girlfriends and I dirty danced at clubs. It was fun teasing the boys. I got into it. I liked having Mark and the other men watch me.
Then I heard the opening bars of Joe Cocker's "You can leave your hat on." I knew the song in an instant. I knew it well.
I am a fitness instructor. I've taken all kinds of fitness classes. That includes strip aerobics and pole dancing. The goal of one class was to create a routine to perform for your partner at the end of the class. This was my song. I was not dating anyone at the time, so no one ever saw my routine.
We were in SF. Tons of hipsters, some wearing hats. There was a guy with a hat right near the stage stairs. I left Mark standing there. I grabbed the hat and climbed onto the stage. I moved away from the girls on the pole. I wanted to be where Mark could see me.
The song was about 4 measures in when I hit the stage. One leg bent, one leg straight, back to the crowd. I put the hat on. One hip cocked, one arm out, other on my hip. I started bouncing my hip to the music. There was a mirror behind the stage.
I could see Mark watching me with an amused smile on his face. I got into it. I crouched in a ball head forward. I slowly shimmered up sliding my hand up my legs, over my hips, up my body. As my hands went up my hips my dress came up a little. Not too much. The goal of a good strip is to tease, not show. In perfect time to the music I threw my head back and my arms in the air.
I was not some girl gyrating on a pole. It was obvious I had a routine. A cheer from a few guys watching called attention to me. I liked the feeling. Others stopped to watch. I thought if Mark wanted other people jealous, I would do my best.
Then the DJ noticed. He dimmed the house lights and turned on a spot. Oh my god! All eyes were on me. When the light hit me people clapped. I nearly panicked.
Quickly I composed myself. Maybe it was the alcohol. Maybe the sexual tension of the night. Whatever it was I thought "I got this" and I started to strut my routine. I really sold it. It was too dark to see Mark. My eyes hadn't adjusted. With the spotlight, I couldn't see much of anything. I moved to the pole. The other girls had backed off. I showed them what someone who knew what they were doing could do.
As I danced I got applause. The idea that all these people were watching me was an amazing turn on. I gave it all I had. I wanted all these people to lust after me. I was on an amazing high. As I danced I would pull my dress up, show my ass, or show my thong, then let it fall into place. Every time I did it was a tease. It's all about tease. As the song was nearing the end I unzipped my dress and pulled the straps down over my arms. My back to the crowd arm across my tits I let it fall to the floor.
Another cheer went up.
I picked the dress up and, bunched up, held it in front of my tits. I was pretty much in a thong and heels and just covering my tits with the dress. Everything else was on display. I made sure they saw my back, my ass, my belly. I was smoking.
We reached the final bars. I looked for Mark. He was just a few feet from the stage. At just the right moment I threw my dress at him, finally exposing my tits. He caught the dress. I made my final move. Arms out, head back, back arched, tits pushed out. The song ended. There were whistles, applause, cheers. Every nerve in my body was on fire. I took the hat off and threw it into the crowd. More cheers.
I practically jumped off the stage into Mark's arms. He caught me. I wrapped my legs around his waist and arms around his neck. I attacked his lips. I crushed my tits against his sweater. My nipples were hard and sensitive. I bit his lip as I kissed him. I practically yelled at him.
"You better take me home and fuck the shit out of me or I'm going to lie down on that stage, spread my legs, and let every guy here fuck me."
Mark did not have to be told twice. We headed to the door
Chapter 8
As we left the club I pulled my dress on. The doorman hailed a cab while Mark zipped me up. I kept repeating, "Oh my god, oh my god, that was fucking hot".
I was pacing. I'd throw myself against Mark. I had him pinned against the wall kissing him. I was all nerves and pussy. I needed them taken care of. I was not paying attention. My dress slid up. 1/2 my ass was showing. I didn't care. I needed to feel Mark against me.
The cab came. Mark threw the guy a fifty and gave him the hotel name. The ride to the hotel took 3 or 4 years. Ok, 10 blocks, but it seemed much longer. In the cab we made out. I was grinding myself against Mark. I straddled him in the seat. My dress was around my belly. I am sure the cabby had a great view of my ass. I didn't care.
Between kisses I was telling Mark, "Get me back to the hotel. I need that cock. I don't care which of my slutty holes you stick it in but I need it in me. I want you to cum. Inside me, on me, in my ass, in my cunt, in my mouth. I don't care. I want your cum".
Yes, the cab driver could hear me.
I just kept grinding my pussy against Mark. I made myself cum. Both Mark and the driver knew I had cum. I was loud.
As we reached the hotel we got out of the cab. I sort of pulled my dress into place. He and I walked through the lobby to the elevator. I don't know if people saw us or not. I just wanted to be fucked. We got on the elevator two men got on with us. Nothing special, completely average men. I threw my arms around Mark's neck and kissed him. Mark pulled my dress up and grabbed my ass. I knew the guys were looking so I wiggled it. In my mind I was hoping they'd touch it. They didn't. We reached our floor.
As we walked to our room I undid the zipper and let my dress drop to the floor. I stepped out of it and kept walking. I was walking down the hall in just panties and heels. Mark picked up my dress and opened the door.
I grabbed him by the sweater and pushed him down sitting on the bed. I knelt in front of him. "I want that cock. Now!" I said. I unbuckle his pants and pulled them down. His cock was already hard and pointing straight at me. I held it like it was my favorite ice cream or Popsicle ever. I licked liked no tomorrow. I got as much in my mouth as I could. I used my hands to pump the shaft.
Every time I stopped, either to rest or breathe, I said things like, "Are you going to give your slut your cum? I'm your cum slut. Your fucktoy. I need cock. I need your cock. I want you to fuck my ass. I want you to cum all over my face." As I said these things I rubbed his cock on my face, on my chest, neck, and nipples.
I don't know where this language was coming from. Anything I could think of saying. Seriously, I'd said things to Mark before. Mostly in response to him. Now I wanted to be the slut he wanted me to be. If I had heard a woman talking like me a week ago I would have thought I was watching porn. Yet when I said them they had a powerful effect on my body. Probably because I really meant it. That scared and excited me.
I was a mad woman. I told him I would do anything if he'd fuck me. Anything if he'd cum for me.
I took off his shoes and socks. I stood up and took off his sweater. Standing in front of him I hooked my thumbs in my panties and turned away from him. I shimmied out of them wiggling my ass as I did. Standing in just my heels I held out my hands to him and pulled him to a standing position. I kissed him passionately. I dropped to my knees again and pulled his pants off. I again wrapped my mouth around his cock and sucked him . There was precum on the tip of his cock. I dragged his cock across my cheek so I could have the precum on my face.
I let go of him. I climbed in the middle of the bed, ass up, heels on. I said, "Come fuck your slut."
As I said it I reached my hand between my legs. I started rubbing my pussy and clit. I was soaking wet. I was ready, but not completely ready. I spread my juices around. Including my ass. As he watched I even stuck a finger in my ass. When I was all lubed up I looked at Mark.
With a wild look in my eye I said, "Fuck me. Please."
Mark climbed on the bed. I was ready for his cock.
Instead, Whap, he slapped my ass. I was never into spanking but damn that felt good. I kept playing with my pussy.
He started talking to me. "That's it play with that slutty cunt".
I moaned when he said that.
"So you wanted to lay down on the stage and get fucked?"
I moaned again.
He slapped my ass again. It hurt. It felt good. My fingers never left my cunt.
"Answer my question," he said. He whapped me again.
I answered, "I wanted you to fuck me."
Mark smacked me again. It felt hot in my ass. I inserted my fingers in my pussy.
"But you liked all those men staring at your tits."
It was a statement. Not a question.
Whap, "did you?"
Between smacks he would softly rub the part of my ass he hit. I wanted to be fucked. I did not stop playing with my pussy. That last command, forcing me to think of all those men watching me strut naked on a stage. I came hard against my fingers while he rubbed my ass.
As I came I just started sputtering, " Yes, I loved it. I wanted them to see me naked. I loved the way people looked at me. Please fuck me. I'll do anything."
"Anything?" asked Mark?
Now Mark's hand covered mine. He started playing with my pussy. His finger would enter me. As they did he pushed my finger inside me also. I tried to push back on his hand but with my hand there I couldn't. His fingers were tantalizing. My ass felt hot from the spanking. As he rubbed my ass he was spreading the warmth.
I just started saying anything that came to mind.
"Anything I said." I started thinking of any sex act I could. "You can fuck me anytime, anywhere, you want. You can fuck my mouth, my cunt, my ass. You can show me off. I am your slut".
I thought of the swingers club. "If you want to fuck other girls, I'll get them for you. I'll lick your cock as you fuck them. I'll suck you clean when you done. I'll fuck their boyfriends or husbands so you can fuck them. You tell me to spread my legs. I'll spread them. Doesn't matter for who or when."
He said, "Good girl." I came again
He then got behind me. He put his cock right up against my cunt. I could feel the head spreading my lips. I was still playing with my clit. I reached back to slide his cock inside me. It was tantalizing close.
He just said, "Not yet". He was torturing me.
He started rubbing his cock head against my clit. Then he'd slide it along my pussy. He'd stop for a moment at my pussy and then slide up to my ass and press the head against it just so my ass started to open. Then he'd do it again.
I was on edge. Every part of my body was thinking of that cock. I just wanted it inside me. I attacked my pussy with renewed energy, moaning while I did. I felt his cock line up with my pussy. He slid the head of his cock in. I whimpered. With one deep stroke he sunk it deep within me. Nothing ever felt so good. I came.
"Fuck me. Fuck your cunt. Give it to me," I growled. He started fucking me hard and fast.
As I told him to fuck me, he was Saying things like, "Give me that slut cunt. Fuck me. Who is my slut? Come on. Cum on my cock."
Every word he said made me moan. "What kind of a girl gets naked on stage in front of 150 people?"
That one made me shudder and cum.
I'd answer him. "I'm your slut. Cum in your cunt. Fuck me like the slut I am."
He bent over, grabbed a handful of my hair, pulled me into a kneeling position. His cock still in me. He was kneeling behind me. He pulled my hair and arched my back. He whispered in my ear, "You're a delicious slut."
I said, "Your slut".
Pulling my hair he turned my head and kissed me. Kissed me hard. I kissed back. I bit his lip.
He pulled my head back and said, "Be a good girl."
I said, "Not anymore. You made me a bad girl."
I turned my body and pushed him over. Now I was straddling him. I drove my face into his kissing him furiously. He kissed back. He also laughed. I was amusing him. I straddle his cock and let it sink into me. I groaned as it did. I pumped his cock. I squeezed it with my pussy. I fucked him like no tomorrow. I let him know I could fuck.
He would pull me down to him and suck my tits. His fingers would pull my nipples. I was losing my rhythm. I swear I squirted all over him. His belly and thighs were wet. I came, came again, came again. I collapsed on his chest. I sank my teeth into his shoulder as I came. I could have sworn I broke the skin. (I didn't)
I rolled over on my back on the bed next to him. I was breathing heavy. I needed to catch my breath. On the other hand, I was still horny. Jesus Christ, I said to myself. You just had more orgasms than you did all of last year and you're still horny?
As I lay there I played softly with my clit. Mark got up on one arm to watch me. He ran his hand over my tits and down my body. He was stroking me as I played with myself. His hand again cupped mine. His hand with mine we continued to play with my pussy.
He removed his hand turned a little and lowered his head to my cunt. His tongue hit me. I came. Using his tongue expertly he brought me to one more orgasm. A quiet one. A small shudder. I was done. I started to fall asleep. My last thought as I closed my eyes.
"God dammit. He didn't cum."
Chapter 9
I heard the door close and smelled coffee. I slowly opened my eyes. Mark was standing at the foot of the bed with 2 cups of latte from the coffee shop downstairs. He'd also brought up a fruit cup, yogurt and granola.
The coffee smelled wonderful. I realized I was starving. God, great sex can really work up an appetite. When did Mark shower and shave? How'd I miss that? He was in a collared shirt and dress pants. How does he look so together after last night? My thighs, ass, and pussy were sore. Even my back hurt. Who knew being a slut was such hard work.
I said, "Good morning"
He picked up his phone and snapped a picture of me. I squealed and pulled the sheets over myself.
"What are you going to do with that?" I challenged.
"Does it matter?" He replied.
In my mind I thought, of course it matters! I don't want naked pics of me on the Internet! What if my dad saw them?
Instead I said, "No."
Sadly I meant it. Here's a guy I fucked in front of a limo driver. I've shown my ass to countless people. I came in a restaurant in front of his acquaintance. I guess 1 semi naked pic in bed was not going to hurt me.
We ate. I asked what the plan for the day is. Mark told me we were going to do the tourist thing in SF. That sounded fun. I had not been here for years. Even then, when I came, I was a broke kid. He said he had a meeting at the museum at 2:00 that would last an hour. After that the gallery opening party was at 8:00.
This was an exhibit opening. One of his clients wanted a painting that the museum owned. Mark arranged an exchange. They would sell his client the painting if his client would loan part of his collection to the museum for 2 years.
I asked what the dress code for the day was. I was hoping not too slutty. Not because I cared, more because walking in slutwear is hard. He said jeans were fine.
I showered and started getting ready. I pulled one of the cutest bra and panties set I brought. White and lavender. A lacy thing with a little bow in the center of the bra. I strutted around the room like that while getting ready. After all gotta show off the goods.
"Hot," Mark said.
"Gotta make sure you know what's waiting for you," I replied.
He laughed and set about checking his email on his tablet.
I finished my make up and put on my hottest jeans. Low rise and tight. I struggled into them standing up. Normally these are lying down, pull them up jeans, but I was being watched. Mark had an amused look on his face. I told him to drop dead. Being beautiful is hard work.
I topped it off with a sexy form fitting T that showed off some cleavage and a pair of boots that came to mid calf. I looked in the mirror. Satisfied with what I saw we headed out. We held hands and walked. We did the touristy stuff. The wharf, Chinatown, rode the cable cars. We had sourdough chowder bowls. It was fun.
As we walked I learned more about Mark. He grew up in SF. His dad was a lawyer, his mom an Art History professor at a local junior college. Well, that made sense. They'd been married for 42 years. He had a younger brother and an older sister. Both lived in the area and were happily married. They each had 2 kids, a boy and girl, their ages were 4,6,7,9.He graduated Berkeley with a Major in business and a minor in Art.
Mark had been married. I already knew that. I did not know the details. He got married at 28. She lived in LA and wanted to be a movie star. He moved there to be with her.
She had been there since she was 19. She did get bit parts in commercials. She still does.
I was curious was he as sexually aggressive back then? He just laughed. He told me she did not have sex with him very often. He found out later it was because she was getting plenty on casting couches.
He started masturbating. He read penthouse letters. As he did he found things that turned him on. Like everyone else he assumed they were made up. That didn't mean he couldn't dream.
She left Mark when he turned 31. Some guy who promised her movies. That lasted 6 months. She asked to come back. Mark said no.
After his divorce Mark said he did not like women very much. He dated and dumped them. He wanted to see if they'd do the stuff he read about. They would. Then he said he realized he wanted all that in a girl he has a relationship with. I wondered if I were a relationship or a slut.
His appointment was at 2:00. We headed to the museum. When we got there we walked to the back offices. We were greeted by a woman in her late 30s. Her name was Vanessa.
She was beautiful. About 5'5", long dark hair, she was part Polynesian or Asian. She was wearing a tailored suit.
Mark introduced me. She shook my hand and said, "Wow, you're beautiful. Mark rarely takes a girl out in public. What did you do?"
I replied, "Just lucky I guess?" I was curious if that meant I was that much of a slut.
We retreated to her office. Mark and she talked business for 15-20 minutes.
She then turned her attention to me. She said to Mark, "You've never taken a girl to an opening in the 8 years I've known you. You've left with plenty, but never brought one. Why her?"
I was incredulous. What a question. By the same token. I really wanted to know also.
Mark said, "I'll show you."
That made me nervous.
Mark got up and offered me his hands. He pulled me standing. He reached down and started unbuckling my belt. I started to protest. He put his fingers to his lip to shush me. I just stood there. I looked at Vanessa. She had an amused look on her face.
Mark unbuckled my belt, undid the button on my jeans, and unzipped them. My mind was racing. What was he planning? While thinking that, I realized I was holding my breath. Not in fear, but in anticipation. I could feel my pussy starting to get wet. What the hell. My body was betraying me.
He turned me around and stood me in front of her desk. I looked down. I could not look at her face. I wanted to say no but I wanted to give him control. He pulled my jeans and panties down around my thighs and pushed me forward. My hands were on her desk. I was breathing heavy.
I heard his belt rustle. Next I felt his cock against my pussy. I was so wet it slid right in. I moaned. He started fucking me. I grunted every time he thrust into me. I looked at her. She smiled. She reached out and held my hands from across the desk.
As she held my hands she said, "Damn you're hot. He's a great fuck isn't he."
What the hell was wrong with me. I am bent over a desk in a stranger's office being fucked as I held her hands. The worst part was I was enjoying it.
I grunted and moaned. I started talking. "Fuck me you bastard. If you're going to fuck me in front of someone. You better do it right!"
Vanessa came and stood beside Mark. She started rubbing my ass. Her touch was electric. I'm not bi. Don't really have fantasies about women, but having her touch my ass while I was being fucked? I came. I shuddered and moaned.
She said, "That's it. Fuck him. It's been years since I felt his cock. He's a great fuck isn't he?"
I moaned. Her hand was making bigger circles on my ass. It slid down to where his cock was pumping me. The closer she got, the more I moaned. I felt her fingers circle his cock.
"Fuck that slut. Cum in her. Fill her up." She said.
I moaned, grunted, panted. I felt his body tense. Oh my god he was going to cum.
I practically screamed. "Cum in your slut. Give it to me. Fuck me. Fuck my cunt."
I briefly hoped there was no one in the next office. Then realized I didn't care.
He came. Hot cum filling me up. As he came, so did I. Loud, Hard. I collapsed on the desk. I felt the cum being pushed out of me along his cock as he slowly kept pumping me.
I felt Vanessa's hand scooping the cum up. She had it on her hand and fingers. She brought her fingers to her lips and sucked them. Then she brought them to my mouth. I started licking them clean. I have been wanting Marks cum for a week. Now I had some I was not going to waste it.
She smeared some on my lips and cheeks. She pulled my face to hers and kissed me licking some of the cum off my face.
When she was done, Mark said, "We have to get going."
Vanessa said, "I'll see you tonight."
Tonight? The opening? He had just fucked my on her desk. What the hell will happen at the opening. I pulled up my pants and buckled them. I could feel his cum leaking out if me. I liked it.
Vanessa came to me and gave me a huge hug. "You are special. You are one of the sexiest women I ever met," she said. "He's a lucky man."
I mumbled my thanks and we left Vanessa's office. I could feel the cum leaking out my pussy. I could feel it drying on my face. I felt like I was walking through a haze. I could not believe he made me do that. I can't believe I did. What am I turning into that I just bent over and let him fuck me. Fuck me in front of someone so blatantly. Worse than that, I loved it. Even after, walking down the hall, I knew I'd do it again.
We passed a restroom. I mumbled I need to go in. I went in to clean up and pull myself together. I looked in the mirror. I could see the cum on my face. I had just walked down a hall like that. I wondered what it would have been like for someone to see me. My pussy was a mess yet I felt myself start to get wet again.
I unzipped my jeans. I slid my hand in my panties. Using the sink counter for balance I started to play with my clit. I looked at my face. I pictured how it got so messy. I thought about him cumming on my face. My fingers felt how messy my cunt was. I loved the feeling. I knew I should clean up, but the sheer sluttiness of my messy pussy made me feel hot. There in the bathroom I made myself cum. It was not an earth shattering orgasm, but it would hold me over till Mark fucked me again.
I pulled my finger out of my pussy. Then lcked them off making more of a mess on my face. Then I had a very dirty thought. I pulled out my camera and took a selfie. Cum all over my face. Jeans unbuttoned and unzipped. I sent it to Beth. With the caption "A day at the museum."
The response was immediate. "Oh my god. Is that what I think it is?"
"Yes," I replied
"That is so freekin' hot " she said. "I can't wait till you get home for details."
"We'll see," was my reply.
I washed my face. I should have washed my pussy. All I could smell was sex. I liked it. I buttoned my jeans and headed out. Mark was waiting for me in the hall.
"Are you alright?" he asked.
The answer should have been no. But it wasn't. Instead I kissed him. He kissed back. I just hung in his arms for a minute.
We left the museum. We went back to touring the city. We did not talk about what had happened. He didn't bring it up. I didn't bring it up. We chatted and got back into enjoying the tour. Any lull in the conversation my mind went back to the museum. One part kept going through my mind. She asked what made me special. I was special? Slutty special? Relationship special? Which was it?
We spent the afternoon shopping. Mark was a wonderful shopper. As I would try stuff on, he would find other stuff he thought I'd look good in. He'd bring them to me and I'd try them on. He had really good taste. The clothes he picked out made me look classy or cute. Surprisingly, nothing slutty.
Chapter 10
We headed back to the hotel. It was time to get ready for tonight. I jumped in the shower. After I was done Mark jumped in. I thought about what to wear. I knew that dressing like a slut was not appropriate. On the other hand, if I was going to be shown off, I wanted to make Mark proud. I pulled out my LBD. It was classy yet hot.
With it I pulled out my black garters and stockings. I found my black bra. I had 2 pair of black panties. One was a thong. One was transparent black and tied on the sides. I chose those. I put them on and tied them up. Cute little bows on each side. I then put on my garters and stockings. I left the bra and dress on the bed. I put my heels on. I figured that would hold Mark's interest.
I set about doing my makeup. Mark came out of the bathroom drying off with a towel. When he saw me he came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me. He kissed my neck and whispered in my ear that I was beautiful and sexy. I said I was glad he thought so.
Mark got dressed. Slacks, shirt, jacket. No tie. I pulled on my dress. I forgot how short it was. You could not see my stockings, but almost. When I moved or sat you would catch glimpses of my stocking tops. If I was not careful sitting you would see a bit of garter. Mark thought it was perfect. We took a cab to the museum.
We were greeted by Vanessa and her husband. Vanessa looked gorgeous. She was wearing a suit. The suit had a skirt that was much shorter than would be appropriate in an office but fine in the art world.
Her husband shook my hand and said "nice to meet you. I've heard so much about you."
Hmm, he heard I fuck over a desk? My face turned beet red. I could feel the heat as it flushed in embarrassment. Even worse, I knew it was not all embarrassment. Some of it was excitement. I felt my pussy start to get wet as well as my face flush.
Mark and I got some drinks and food. We sat at a small table to watch the crowd and eat. My stocking tops were on display. You could see a bit of skin. As we sat there an older couple approached the table.
Mark stood up and hugged them both. He then introduced them, "This is my mom and dad".
I stood up to shake their hands. My LBD betrayed me and did not fall far enough back in place. My stockings were showing. I shook their hands.
Mark's mom said "nice to meet you. Mark has told us so much about you."
Nice to meet me? I wondered what Mark had told them.
As I greeted them I pulled my dress into place apologizing.
Mark's mom just laughed and said, "Don't apologize. Mark's always liked girly girls."
They sat and joined us. Mark and his parents caught up. Every once in a while mom and dad would ask me a question to include me in the conversation. They were sweet and funny.
The whole time my mind was racing. I am special?" Mom and dad know who I am?
Well that made sense. He did take me on this trip. If he knew they'd be here he had to tell them something. I wondered what he said.
The night went on. We met people and mingled. We had a few drinks. Mark knew 1/2 the people there. After I while I stopped tugging my dress down as often. I got tons of compliments on the dress. Mark almost never left my side. He often had his arm around my waist. I felt like I fit in. I laughed, I flirted. People were great to me. Whenever Mark had to leave my side someone would come chat with me. I even spent some pleasant time alone with his folks. I admit, I did tug my dress down when they approached.
At one point I had headed to the restroom. When I stepped out Mark was outside the door. He grabbed my hands, pinned me against the wall and kissed me. Holding me to the wall with his chest, he let his hands drop to my thighs and stocking tops.
"I have been thinking about those garters and stockings all night," He whispered. "I needed 2 clients to repeat stuff because my mind was lost under your dress."
I pushed him back and said, "Well, maybe if you're good you'll get to see them again."
I turned and walked away. As I did I pulled my dress up over my ass and wiggled it at him.
The night had made me feel confident. Even being fucked on Vanessa's desk (still makes me shiver) which should have made me feel powerless made me feel strong. I found out I was special. His folks knew about me. That stuff had to be good.
The weird part is I had been going on the assumption this was a fling. Now I had hints it might be more. Probably not, but might be. Now I had to think about if I wanted more than a fling with this man. That brought me to a realization. I had all the power. I could say no to anything. I might let myself go with him and let him have control. But I have to let him. I knew I was being submissive with him, but it was me who allowed that. I was giving him control because I trusted him. He had not abused that trust. By giving him control, I thought I could deny responsibility for the things I did. Realizing I was not out of control meant that I wanted to do these things. I felt strong.
I rejoined the party. I walked over to Mark. He introduced me to the people he was chatting with. I put my arm around Mark and squeezed his ass as I did. He jumped a bit. I suppressed a grin. One of the woman asked if he was alright. He replied yes and gave me a look.
I gave him my best innocent face and said, "Yes, are you OK?"
He gave me a little grin and said, "Yes just a chill. Sorry."
I replied, "Maybe a premonition of things to come."
We returned to the conversation. I had enjoyed that exchange. A little power goes a long way.
For the rest of the party I had fun. I would pinch his butt every once in a while. In conversations I would throw in an innocent suggestive double entendre. When I passed him I would discretely rub his cock. I would deliberately stand face to face, too close to him, with my big innocent girl look on my face, just for fun. I was the flirt. I was showing him that I was not just the girl he can fuck whenever he wants. I could be the aggressor. He could be the prey.
The party wound down. His parents made a point of finding me to say goodbye. They were very sweet.
Mom whispered to me. "That dress is hot. Don't hurt him. I love him."
She kissed me on the cheek and left. I did not know what to say to that. I was pretty sure I was keeping a wall up so he wouldn't hurt me. By keeping in mind this was a fling, I would not be disappointed.
I was feeling strong, sexy, confident. Mark called a cab. As I slid in I made sure my dress rode up and I flashed my panties at him. The cabby had got out to hold the cab door. He was also looking. I think that's why he came out to hold the door. I gave him my best try at a sexy smile and thanked him. We got in the cab. My dress was up to the top of my thighs. I was barely sitting on the back.
Mark looked at me and said "Well, look at you."
I knew he was commenting on my confidence and attitude. I replied, "Looking at me is your job."
He said, "Seems like there are a lot of people looking at you."
I laughed and said, "Well, I guess you have competition then."
I put my hand around his head. I grabbed the hair on the back of his head and pulled him to me for a kiss. I kissed him. He kissed back, but this was my kiss. As he would start to kiss me more aggressively I would pull back.
I'd lightly kiss him and say, "Patience, patience." I was having fun.
We arrived at the hotel. The doorman opened the door and welcomed as back. I thanked him, gave him my best "aren't you sweet smile" and flashed him my panties while trying to pretend I was being discrete and it was an accident. My dress did not fall into place. I was showing about 2 inches of skin above my stockings. I let Mark escort me to the elevator. As I walked through the lobby I made eye contact with men and women checking me out and smiled at them.
When the elevator door closed I pushed Mark against the wall and kissed him. I pretended to pin his arms so he could not grab me.
I turned from him, lifted my hair and said, "Could you help me with my zipper?"
He grabbed it and started to pull it down.
When it was half way down, I pulled away, smiled and said, "Thanks."
The elevator opened. I started walking down the hall to our room. As I did I unzipped the dress and let it fall to the floor. I stepped out of it and kept walking. I reached behind me and unhooked my bra. I let it fall to the floor. I turned to look. Mark had picked up my dress and was picking up my bra. I turned and blew him a kiss. I started towards the room again. As I approached the door I grabbed the string bows on both my hips that were holding my panties together. I slowly pulled the strings. The bows came apart and the panties fell to the floor. I was now outside our room in just heels, stockings and garters.
I pretended to pat my hips. I shrugged my shoulders and said, "No Key."
Mark laughed and came to my rescue.
Once inside Mark dropped all my stuff on the floor grabbed me and kissed me. I kissed back but then pulled away.
"Slow down there," I said.
Confused he just watched me. I walked around the room setting the lights. If I had to bend over I made sure my ass was facing him and I did it straight legged.
I grabbed my phone and turned on the music. Mark stood and watched. I then put up one finger. No words. I beckoned him over. When he was close I took off his jacket. He tried to kiss me.
I pulled away and said, "Behave."
I started to unbutton his shirt. As I did, again would try to grab me. Every time he did I said "stop it."
He finally just let me do it. As I unbuttoned his shirt I swayed my hips to the music. I took his shirt off put it on. I smelled the collar. Mmm it smelled good. He reached for me. Again I danced away. I stood in front of the window. The curtains were open. We were high enough no one could see in unless they were across the bay and trying.
With my back to him I said, " Hmm, better off?"
I pulled the shirt ½ way off and stood there with it ½ off my shoulders showing off my shoulders and ass. I posed for a minute and then said, "Yes, better off," and dropped the shirt to the floor.
I walked back to him and pushed him down one the bed. By this time he had stopped trying to grab for me and resigned himself to his fate. This was fun. I pushed his legs apart and got down on my knees in front of him. I put my face close to where his cock was straining against his pants. I blew on it. I gave him my most submissive sex kitten look. I reached down and slowly removed his shoes and socks.
He reached for me again. I pulled away. I stood up and went to put his shoes away. As I did I bent from the waist making sure my garter framed ass was straight at him. I looked at him over my shoulder and gave him a big smile. I wiggled my ass. This was fun.
I swayed/walked back to him. I bent over. My face close to his. I started to unbuckle his belt looking in his eyes. He tried to kiss me again. I pulled away teasing him. "Slow down," I said.
"If you don't speed up you're going to kill me," he said.
I said, "I'll risk it."
I slowly peeled his pants down. My mouth right above his cock. I was sure he could feel my breath through his boxers . I slipped them all the way off. I stood up. Folding them I again slowly walked away and set them down. Again bending at the waist.
I flashed him a smile and came back. All that was left were his boxers. I grabbed the waist and as slowly as I could began to peel them off. He groaned a bit. I kept my face right near his cock. I made sure my breath could be felt. He moaned when I breathed out. Slowly I exposed his cock. It sprang to attention. I let out a breath right next to it. The hot air against his skin made him groan again.
"You're killing me," he said.
I ran a finger down his shaft and said, "You look pretty alive to me."
He fell back on the bed and said, "Have mercy on me!"
I just laughed
I pulled his boxers off. I climbed on the bed and straddled his hips right above his cock. I pushed back so his shaft was rubbing against the crack in my ass. I took his boxers and threw them over my shoulder.
I leaned over to his face. My breath on his lips. I looked him in the eyes and with my best fuck me voice said, "I'm going to take a shower." I started to climb over him to get off.
He grabbed my arm, pulled me down to the bed, rolled me on my back. He pinned my arms and looking down at me growled laughingly. "No way."
I laughingly pretended to fight him. He knew I didn't want him to stop. He kissed me. I wrapped my arms around him. We kissed passionately. He kissed my ears. "You are amazing," he said.
I replied, "You are the sexiest man I ever met. You make me feel sexy. You make me feel amazing."
With that his lips trailed down my body. He kissed my breasts, my navel, my chin, my neck, my nipples. Slow sweet kisses. He moved down to my pussy. His tongue was electric on my clit. I was again reminded that he knew what he was doing. I came, it was a sweet slow orgasm. I moaned my way through it.
After my orgasm subsided I rolled him over on his back. I kissed him. I let him suck on my breasts. I reached back and grabbed his cock. I rubbed it against my pussy a few times. As I did he groaned. I guided it inside me. I took my time. I slid down on it slowly. I took my time experiencing every inch of it as it slid into me.
I slowly began to fuck him while gazing in his eyes. His hands went to my ass and he guided me up and down. We were in no rush. We slowly fucked. He moaned as my pussy engulfed his cock. I kissed him. It felt amazing. As I slowly fucked him I felt the wave of orgasms start to build. Slowly, radiating out from my pussy. I kept moving my hips. I arched my back and held my head back. My tits thrust forward practically begging him to suck them. He did. My orgasm rushed in, waned, rushed out, rushed in, waned, rushed out. Soft flows over my body.
As he fucked me I whispered, "You are so sexy. I never would have done those things for anyone else. I have never been so turned on."
I kept it up, "Cum for me. Make my day completely perfect. Fill up my pussy. Your pussy. I want to fall asleep with your cum inside me."
As I spoke I rolled my hips. I slid back and forth. I took him deep then pulled out, then deep again. I could feel his cock get harder. Start to spasm. Again hot cum filled me up. I stopped moving. I just let it come. Jet after jet shot into me. I could feel it against the walls of my pusssy. When he stopped spasming I kissed him. Deep, hard, slow, soulfully.
The words "I love you" almost came out. I bit my tongue. I'd known the guy a week. I rolled off him. I snuggled into his shoulder. I am not sure which one of us fell asleep first.
Chapter 11
I woke up to the sound of the wind. We had left the balcony door open. We were high enough up that no one was going to climb in. It was 4:20. The moon was low in the sky. Our hotel faced the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. I grabbed my robe and headed out on the balcony. I could see the moon low on the horizon past the bridge reflecting in the water. It was beautiful.
I stood there and watched.
As I stood there I wondered if anyone could see me. I had grabbed a robe but that robe amounted to nothing. It was a short, black, sheer, nylon robe. Not meant for being outside, but for being checked out by someone you're intimate with. I laughed at that thought. I thought if Mark had known I had this robe he would have made me wear it through the lobby. Even worse, I could feel that twinge in my pussy that said I liked the idea. What the hell was wrong with me.
I stood on the balcony lost in thought. I noticed the curtains on the rooms on either side of me. One was open, one was closed. Judging from where our bed was I figured if there was someone in that room and they were awake. They could see me. I doubted they were awake.
As I felt the wind against my skin, I leaned on the railing. I could smell the night air, mahogany and spice. I realized that Mark was right behind me. He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my neck I leaned back against him and arched my head back to kiss him. His hands fell to the sash of my robe. He undid it. My robe fell open.
His hands slid up to my breasts. He cupped them with his, again pulling me close. I crossed my arms and hugged his arms close to me. We stood like that, enjoying the moonlight. As I snuggled against him I felt his cock start to get hard against my ass through my robe. I pushed into it and moaned. He kissed my neck. One hand slid slowly down my arm, past my hip. He cupped my pussy while kissing my shoulder.
I spread my legs just a bit to give him access. His fingers slid through my wetness. They flittered past the entrance and over my clit. Every once in a while he would let a finger slide into me. Each time he did I breathed in sharply. I felt him move his cock. It was no longer against my ass. It was now between my thighs. It was not aimed at my pussy, but it was sliding between my thighs with the juices I was creating.
He whispered, "You're beautiful. I had a wonderful weekend."
I replied that I did too. I told him I loved every part of it. It's true. Even being fucked on Vanessa's desk. I told him I would do it again.
He said, "I'm going to hold you to that."
It occurred to me that might mean more when we get home. I started to wonder, to ask, but changed my mind. Why ruin this moment?
I felt the tip of his cock rub against the entrance to my pussy. I leaned forward on the rail. My tits were exposed and the wind blew my robe. I again thought of the room next to us. That just made me feel hornier.
His cock slid inside me. Slow steady movements. It felt wonderful. The moon, the stars, the bay. I let it all hit my senses. I did not want the weekend to end. I thought about Mark, about how slutty I was. I smile crossed my face. I wondered what I would tell Beth. As he filled my pussy I let out a moan. He told me how good I felt. So hot, So wet. He whispered in my ear that he loved fucking my pussy.
I moaned again. I knew this was our last fuck before heading home. As I held the railing he slowly fucked me.
I felt it. I wanted him to know how I felt. I wanted him to know he could have me when we got back.
I said, "When we get back you can still use me as your slut."
He sunk his cock in me and said, "Oh?"
I moaned as it sank deep inside me. "Yes'" I said. "I will still be your fuck toy."
"Tell me more," he replied
I let loose. "My cunt is yours, My ass is yours. My mouth is yours."
"And what can I do with them," he said.
"Fuck them, Cum on them, give them away, show them off." I said "I don't care as long as it's you controlling them." I thought I saw movement in the room next to us.
Mark asked, "So you want to be my cumslut? My little slut toy?"
"Yes," I hissed. "Your toy, your slut, your pussy"
Marked grabbed my hair and bent down to kiss me. Still pumping his cock into me.
"We'll see," he said. "What haven't I fucked in SF?"
"My ass," I said.
"Do you want your ass fucked in SF?" he replied.
I realized the answer was yes. Right now right then, I wanted my ass fucked. "Yes, Please fuck my ass."
I reached behind me and grabbed his cock. I rubbed his cock over my lips and up to my ass and back. I spread my juices all over my ass.
As I did he said, "That's it baby. Lube that ass up for my cock"
I could feel his cock rock hard in my fingers. I pushed the tip of it into my ass. I stayed like that for a moment. It felt so fucking good. I wanted him to fill me up. Slowly I pushed back. I let the shaft slide into my ass. I felt full. Stretched. The wind on my face and tits. Cock in my ass. The dawn just starting to break from behind us. I was in heaven.
"Fuck that ass," I said. "Make it yours. Fill my ass with your cum. Show me the kind of slut you want me to be."
I meant it. I started picking up my pace. My voice got louder. "Fuck my ass. Pound me. Show me what you have. Fuck your slut. Fuck me."
All of a sudden I looked down. The guy in the balcony under mine was trying to see up. He could probably see my eyes. I leaned forward. I hung my tits off the rail.
I said to him. "Sorry, I'm being fucked up the ass by the best cock I ever had." He could see my body react to each thrust.
"Uh, uh, uh, uh," I said with each thrust. I smiled at the guy. "Oh my god he's splitting my ass open."
I could tell this was having an effect on Mark. He started fucking me faster. The guy saw me bounce faster. Watching the guys face, I came. I came hard. I did not know if I could fuck ever again.
I was a limp rag on the rail. Mark started to pull out. I said, "No fucking way! You're going to fucking cum in my ass or we stay here till you do!"
He laughed and started pumping me. Pumping me hard. It felt raw, it felt good. I kept telling him that I was his slut. All my holes were his. He gave one last thrust and filled my ass with cum. I felt it shot after shot. I came again. I could no longer stand.
Mark carried me to the bed. We fell asleep again. Tomorrow, wait, today we were heading home.
Chapter 12
The flight home was quiet. It's a short flight, but I fell asleep on Mark's shoulder.
A limo picked us up and drove me home. Marked walked me to my door. He kissed me. Sweetly. No passion. No Slut. A true sweet kiss.
"I have to go out of town till Thursday," he said.
My mind clicked in. He's telling me why he won't be calling me. I recognized the slow fade when I saw it. Well, I always knew, inside, that this was a fling. After all, I was sluttier than I'd ever been. Who'd expect a relationship out of that.
"Do you have plans next weekend?" he asked.
I was not expecting that. I stuttered, "No, nothing special."
"Great let me take you to dinner Friday night."
"OK," I said.
Then he added, "And without sounding crazy. If you're free Saturday, I wouldn't mind hanging out."
Hanging out? Was that a euphemism for sex?
I still said, "OK."
Now I thought, this is moving a bit fast.
We kissed goodbye. He left. I stared at my door. I was walking back into my normal world.
The next morning as I entered my building he was standing by the Starbucks. He had my coffee in hand.
"Just wanted to say goodbye again."
Hmmm. He was a pervert. Was he a stalker?
He texted me once or twice when he was away. Normal, nice, nothing unusual.
We went out the next weekend. We did normal stuff. The sex was both sweet normal sex, with enough wild thrown in to make it really fun.
Epilogue
Four months later, we are still dating. We've reached the point where we assume we have plans together on weekends. It's both comfortable and wild. He still likes to show me off. I still enjoy being looked at.
One day I asked him. "Why me?"
"I spend my life looking for that special something. I am constantly negotiating with people. I learn to read them," he said.
"I knew, after that first week, you were as special as I thought."
"But I was such a slut!" I said.
"Was?" he replied?
We both laughed.
"If you remember, I was there too. If you were a slut, so was I. How can I judge you if I'm the same as you. In fact, isn't that one of the things that makes us perfect for each other."
I can't say what happens next. Right now, I am his lover, his friend, and his slut. We haven't said I love you, but neither of us are going anywhere.
I'm happy.