"Hi, Olive, I'm Dolores. I'm excited to meet you." She was seated in a back booth and turned one of the heavy ceramic mugs over on the table and picked up the carafe and poured coffee in it for me. I took a seat across the table from her and smiled. We shook hands. I had never met Dolores, in person before, but we had chatted online and exchanged photos. I hadn't had any problems recognizing her when I came into the diner.
"I'm excited to get to know you," she said.
I had found Dolores, or maybe she had found me. That's a hookup site for girls that she and I were both signed up for. We had chatted for a couple of weeks before agreeing to meet here. Denny's, Sunday morning, Grand Slam Breakfast was the agreement. Over small talk we studied the menus and she signaled the waitress. I liked the way that she took control, relieving me of that responsibility.
The waitress had long legs and electric blue hair. She wore a name tag identifying her as Imogene. I ordered the Grand Slam with pancakes, two eggs (over medium), bacon and a fruit cup.
"Orange juice OK with that?" Imogene asked and I nodded. She scribbled furiously on her order pad. When she finished she looked up at Dolores.
"I'll have the same."
Imogene made a mark on her pad, which must have just been a "2" and turned away. Back towards the kitchen to put our order in.
"If we're going to do this, here we should get started" Dolores jumped right in and I sipped my coffee. "Let's talk about you. Let's talk about your vagina."
I thought that some of my coffee was going to come out my nose.
"What?" I asked.
"I want to talk about your pussy." She replied.
"Oh my God." I said as I swiped my finger below my nose to make sure that there was no coffee there. "Are you one of those people who like to talk dirty?"
She grinned.
"I don't know what to tell you," I said, "why don't you tell me about yours so I know more what you're looking for."
"OK," she agreed. "I'm pretty meaty, my cunt lips are thick and hang down about this far," she held up her hands with her thumb and index finger separated by about an inch, maybe a little further. "And, they're darker than the rest of me, more heavily pigmented, I guess, but extremely sensitive. I really like getting head and having my labia tongued and sucked. I like my girlfriends to take them and massage them with their lips. Their lips on my lips, so to speak... Makes me cum pretty quickly, I can tell you. So, are you meaty or sparse?"
I thought about it, pursed my lips and finally answered, "I guess, sparse, to use your words. My pussy looks more like a Georgia O'Keefe painting of a calla lily. My labium spreads naturally and my clit is pretty big, especially when I'm getting turned on, like now."
"Ohhhh, I'd like to see that," Dolores said, "would you push your panties to the side? I'll drop my napkin, and when I bend down to pick it up you could spread your legs. Show me."
Imogene chose that moment to show up with our breakfasts. She set the plates on the table, "You guys want any Ketchup or Tabasco?" she asked.
"No thanks," we answered in stereo. She turned away and headed back to the counter.
"Let me know when you're ready," Dolores said.
"I'm already ready. Drop your napkin." She did and when she leaned down I turned slightly to give her a better view and I spread my legs wide. She was down there for awhile and I thought she would never come back up. Slowly, I brought my legs back together and when she raised her head back up over the table level I saw lots and lots of bright white tooth enamel. She had a huge smile on her face and I noticed that the lips on her face were plump and ripe, just like she said her lower set was.
"Like?" I asked her.
"It's beautiful," she said, "and no panties either. Fuck, I'm getting wet. I want to touch you."
"We're in Denny's," I admonished her, "you can't do that here."
"Well, shit," she almost spat the invective out. "Touch yourself then," she suggested. "Do that for me. Rub your clit and stick your finger deep inside. I want to hear you moan, I want to watch you bring yourself off." Dolores picked up her fork and knife and began cutting her fried eggs. She broke a slice of her bacon into the mix of yolk and egg white that was on her plate.
I picked up the spoon that Imogene had left on the table, stuck it in my mouth and pulled my skirt up, beneath the table. When the spoon was warm I lowered it below the table top and began to rub myself with it. I watched Dolores eat her fried eggs; she had a drop of yellow yolk at the corner of her mouth. With the middle finger of my other hand I found my g-spot, it felt rough and tender, at the same time. I tapped it with my finger tip as I moved the warm, wet spoon in a circular motion on my clit. The pleasure was intensifying.
Dolores dropped her napkin again and when she bent down to retrieve it I spread em wider and gave her an eyeful. I turned and pulled my legs together more so that she would come back up from under the table. Finally, she did.
"Stop what you're doing, Olive!" she told me.
"No." I redoubled my efforts.
"You need to stop," she repeated, "that woman's coming over with more coffee and, your eggs are getting cold. You need to eat your breakfast. I pulled my fingers out and turned the spoon around. I stuck the spoon handle in my pussy clamped my knees together and pulled my napkin over my lap. I picked up my fork and shoveled a whole egg in my mouth. I looked at Dolores and laughed. She still had egg yolk running from the corner of her mouth. She put a big bite of pancake in and started chewing. Imogene dropped off the new carafe and took away the old one.
I told Dolores that she looked like she had been drooling yellow cum and used my napkin to wipe her face. We both started laughing again.
"Can I start again?" I asked her.
She nodded her head.
I pulled the spoon from my pussy and handed it to her. I wanted to work with my hands now. It didn't take long for me to start breathing hard. I was panting and working on my sex with both hands. I wasn't paying any attention to her. I was concentrating on the waves of pleasure that rolled outwards from between my legs. Dolores used my spoon to scoop up my last egg and held it in front of my mouth. I didn't notice until she whispered, "Open your mouth, open up." She pressed the tip of the spoon against my lips.
I did, I opened my mouth, and she shoved the egg in just as I began to peak. My mouth opened wider, "Oh, oh god." I said and squeezed my hands with my thighs. I held my breath and I held the egg in my mouth as I shook. The climax was fantastic and yolk was running down my chin onto the front of my dress and in my lap.
As I rolled easily and softly down the backside of my orgasm I saw her teeth again. I began to chew my egg. Dolores handed me her napkin.
"That was fucking incredible," she said, "you were having sooo much fun and you were quiet. I don't think anybody noticed that the earth was shaking except you and me." She shook her head, "Fucking incredible!"
She stood up and stepped out into the aisle. Leaning down she whispered into my ear, "I gotta go,"
"What?"
"I gotta go."
"But what about..." I started.
She nibbled on my ear lobe to shut me up, "not yet, it's too soon. If you're still interested let's have breakfast next Sunday at the McDonalds on E Street. The one by the park. I just don't want to rush anything.
She kissed me fully on the lips and ran her fingernails through my pubic hair.
"Hope to see you next week," she said. "I'll pay the check; and I slipped ten bucks under my plate for the waitress. Finish your breakfast."
I watched her walk to the door, she turned and blew me a kiss when she went out. Then she vanished into the car park.
A minute or two later a light blue convertible pulled out and turned left on Lancaster. I couldn't make out if it was her driving or not.
Picking up my bacon, I took a bite and pulled my skirt back down. I needed to think about what had just happened. Imogene wandered over and pointed at Dolores' plate.
"Shall I take this?" she asked.
I nodded and said nothing.
"How's your breakfast?"
"Probably the best I've ever had." I answered.
"You know," Imogene started, "I get off in half an hour and I don't live far from here. If you want, you could come over to my house. I've got some bubbly and some orange juice, we could make mimosas and 'hang-out'... or something."
She stood there, waiting for a reply. I studied her face. She had big, emerald green eyes. Her red hair was piled on her head and secured with a bow that perfectly matched her eyes. Her lips were shaped like an 'O' waiting for me to say yes or no. I let my gaze wander down her body and I took inventory. Long neck, small tits, shaped like champagne glasses without the stems. She was slender with slim, but shapely, hips and long legs. The only thing I didn't like about her was her shoes. She wore those clunky waitress shoes, but I understood the reason. She was really pretty.
I nodded my head at her again. I seemed to be doing a lot of that, "thanks, I think that would be nice, as long as you're not an axe murder or anything." I smiled at my own joke and said. "I have to run out for a while but I'll be back in twenty or twenty five minutes."
Imogene's face lit up and the room actually got brighter. "That's great."
I headed out and walked down the block. I had seen a flower shop on the other side of Lancaster Blvd. when I came in. No way was I going to go to Imogene's empty handed. She looked like a white carnations and Gypsophila kind of girl. I could afford a big bouquet. What the fuck.