I lay in bed, trying not to think about everything that had just happened.
I tried to remind myself that I was a respected political candidate, an educated woman, a loving and faithful wife and mother.
No matter what Joe Rizzo had just made me do.
And I tried to forget that, after my blackmailer had forced me to serve drinks to the biggest rough, blue-collar voting bloc he wanted to court-in the nude!- with a hundred men laughing at, leering at and even groping my totally naked body as my face burned in humiliation, I had thrown on my clothes, raced home, and fucked the shit out of my husband.
I had burst into our bedroom, chest heaving, face on fire, and torn aside his bedclothes to suck him like a woman possessed, making him forget what ever silly legal brief he had just been working on, until he was stiff and gasping and desperate as I was. Then I had guided him inside me in one smooth motion before begging him to fuck me like his own personal slut for as long and hard as he could.
I had literally ripped Jake's pajamas trying to get his cock inside me.
I had said horribly depraved things into his ear, grabbed his ass with both hands, wrapped my long legs around him and spurred him faster with the heels of my feet, all just to make him pound me harder, to use me more roughly, until I exploded into a toe-curling, breathtaking orgasm.
Three times.
It was like the humiliation had set my pussy on fire!
I had always liked Jake to be a little bit dominant, to sometimes make me strip fully naked while he stayed fully clothed, to bend my blushing body over his knee and give me a rough spanking like a helpless, naughty schoolgirl. To call me his 'personal porn star' while making me suck his cock in a showy way and play with myself for him. But those were just between me and my husband, and always totally in private!
To be used as areallyhelpless nude serving girl, to be stripped bare in front of so many men last night- it had terrified me so much in the moment, but made my sex so slippery on the ride home!
I was still waiting for Jake to put two and two together, to ask me where I'd been, or why my breath had smelled like booze when I got home, or why I had been a sopping, dripping mess between my legs before he had even touched me-
But apparently I fucked to well for him to care about that.
"God Susan, that was unbelievable!" he laughed, panting behind me, as we both lay in the tangled sheets, still trying to catch our breath. "It hasn't been like that since... our Honeymoon! What got into you tonight?"
Tonight?
Almost the fingers of three different dockworkers, when I forgot to watch how I was bending over.
"Nothing," I gulped. "I just... wanted to show you I love you!"
"Well you certainly did," he chuckled, kissing my bare shoulder from behind. He snuggled his neck into mine, running his hand down my nude body. "What ever you're doing to make you this frisky- keep it up!"
I was blushing the color of Georgia mud. But in the darkened bedroom, he couldn't tell.
"Jake... I... I don't think I could do that!"
He laughed, his fingertips strumming my bare inner thigh. "I mean, noteverynight, obviously- it'd kill me!"
I swallowed, my heart pounding, remembering how all those men had looked at me. "Me too!"
"And you've been so busy on your campaign these last few months... and then with that whole sex tape scare we had... I've missed this side of you," he said. "Your uninhibited side."
I certainlyhadbeen uninhibited, panting and squirming, nude on that bar, as rough dockworkers had licked salt off my cleavage and tequila out of my stomach as their friends had held me down, some of their tongues getting dangerously close to my hard nipples or my aching, hard clit-
"Jake, I don't know if this is a side of me I want to explore!"
I gasped as his roaming hand slid gently but forcefully between my legs to find my clit.
"You know I love you, I'll always be with you, you're the love of my life, no matter what," he whispered, rubbing me in just the way I liked. "But when you go crazy like you did tonight, when you decide to get wild and let your true self show, fuck Susan! You become the hottest woman I've ever seen!"
I panted as the heat started building in me again. "No, Jake... I can't!"
His leg wrapped around one of mine, to spread them a little further apart. His free hand grabbed my wrist, to keep me from stopping him.
"God Susan, you are so fucking hot when you're like this," he begged. "When you're vulnerable but turned on, fighting your urge to cum and let go- you're hotter than any porn star to me!"
My heart was pounding. "Jake... please!"
He started sucking on my nipple and I moaned.
There were four weeks left until the election.
Joe Rizzo wouldn't be able to resist seeing his top political rival stripped nude and humiliated for his amusement before then.
I would have to perform for him again.
"Please Susan," Jake begged. "I love seeing the real you!"
Win or lose, there would be no reason for Joe to keep blackmailing me after the election. Too much to lose, not enough to gain.
No matter what, it could only last four more weeks.
I rolled onto my back, my legs start to spread of their own accord.
"Okay Jake," I gulped, as my breath started getting shorter. "I'll try."
***
Jake kissed me on his way out the door the next morning. "Love you honey." Then he smiled and whispered in my ear. "My little personal porn star."
I was still in bed, blushing as he left.
I tried to take a shower as normal, but I found myself repeatedly looking at my reflection in the wet shower door.
I had tried to be a good girl when I was younger, to resist the boys who would lead me into temptation. But these huge tits, they seemed to attract men like honey! I had tried to hide them my whole life, but the way all those men had gone crazy for them last night...
They had called me 'stick' in middle school, for my long, gangly arms and legs. But then I had filled out and put in hundreds of hours on the stairmaster, and now, if I wore a skirt that was even an inch above the knees I couldn't get any work done if there were men in the office. And the men last night- they hadn't been able to stop pinching or grabbing my ass!
No man besides Jake had seen my bare rear- not in twenty years. But they hadallseen it last night, nearly a hundred men. And then gone home and fucked their wives hard. Or taken their stiff, desperate cocks in their hands, thinking about my nude body as they stroked faster and faster-
I gasped and snatched my fingers off my clit.
"Oh god, Susan- get it together!" I said, my face on fire. Ihadn'tjust been fantasizing about the horrible thing that had happened to me last night! "You're not that type of girl."
I snapped off the shower, stepping out into the cold air to force me to towel and dress quickly.
"You're just not!"
***
I put on and took off twenty dresses before going campaigning that day.
All my old, shoulder-to-ankle professional dresses and pantsuits just seemed too...stiflingall of a sudden. I could have blamed the medium to medium-hot predicted Florida temperatures outside, but I knew it was probably something else.
I looked through some of my younger clothes, stuff I hadn't worn in years, but...
I couldn't show that much leg on the campaign trail!Even if younger girls showed their mid- to upper thighs all the time, I was better than that!
I finally settled on a classy at-the-knee sundress which would have been too risqué on top but I fixed by adding a light half jacket which covered my cleavage. On the way out the door I looked at my sensible flats, then my slightly-too-sexy four-inch heels, then picked up both as I left.
***

I ended up wearing the heels.
"Ooooh,someone'slooking fancy," my twenty-eight-year-old campaign manager Amanda laughed, as I got out of my car at our first stop. "Feeling a littleracytoday?"
I blushed, quickly looking down at my outfit.
Had my jacket unbuttoned over my tits?
Had my sundress ridden up while I drove?
But no, I still looked as put together as I had when I had left the house, not an inch more skin showing.
"No! What do you mean?"
I looked again, trying to see what I had missed. Hell, Amanda's dress was shorter than mine- you could see a few inches above her knees and her entire collarbone was exposed with her spaghetti straps!
"I don't know, you just look different," she laughed, getting the voter registration lists out of the trunk of her car. "It must be the cute heels. I don't see you in something that flirty very often."
"It must be," I gulped, already half-regretting the decision.My sensible flats were right there in the passengers seat...
Amanda linked her arm in mine, pulling me forward. "I like 'em! Alright, we've got a lot of voters to convince- let's go!"
***
For some reason, the voters were a little easier to convince that day. The men, anyway.
Their smiles were bigger, their conversations warmer, their stances on divisive issues surprisingly more moderate. Even the ninety-year-olds leaning on their canes came to the door a little faster when they saw us coming and walked us to the sidewalk afterwards, their eyes flicking down to my and Amanda's legs every now and then.
The heat beat down on us, making me want to take off my half-jacket. But I would practically be half-topless then!
"Amanda, let's call it a day," I said in the early afternoon. "It's getting too hot out here..."
"Nonsense, we're doing great!" she laughed, checking off yet another street convinced. "A few more days like this and we'll have this thing in the bag!"
I looked up at the beating sun. "Well at least let me go home and change into something more-"
"Oh just take off that stifling jacket," she laughed, starting to unbutton it for me. "I don't know why you're wearing this silly thing anyway!"
Because I wanted to win people over with my platform, not my tits!
I resisted, but Amanda hadn't run three successful state Senatorial campaigns for other candidates by being a pushover. Eventually my half-jacket was tucked into her oversized purse and we continued canvassing the neighborhood, me always conscious of how much cleavage I was showing, but looking like just two more women in big floppy hats and sundresses walking down our central Florida street.
So why did I feel so exposed?
And one hour later we ran into Councilman Joe Rizzo.
***
We were coming out of the biggest diner in town, having convinced the owner to put up a sign after explaining the benefits of my small business tax package, when a luxury town car pulled up and out he stepped, all smiling three hundred pounds of him.
I froze, making Amanda run into my back.
The way he was smirking at me, the knowing look in his eyes- he was picturing me naked! Less than twelve hours ago, he had seen me, nude, barefoot, squirming and moaning on a hard wooden bar as men licked alcohol off my body!
Oh god!
"Why, now Candidate Duncan, how good it is to see you again," he laughed, closing his door. "You look so much more... put together than when the last time we met."
And behind him, a two-person camera crew wearing shirts from our local news team was getting out of his car as well. They were filming this!
What was happening?!
"Last time?" Amanda asked, still trapped in the diner's doorway behind me. "Susan, what does he mean, last time?"
I couldn't speak, watching the news crew zoom their cameras in on me and my cleavage! "I, um... well...."
"I simply mean to say, that the last time I saw Candidate Duncan," Joe laughed, chewing on his unlit cigar, "she was red-faced, bent over and huffing in averyun-ladylike fashion."
I almost fell over. He couldn't be doing this!
Not in public!
"No! I..um-"
Joe shook his cigar. "Did you ever get all those weeds pulled out? I would hate to have this little campaign distracting you from keeping up your rose garden, Candidate Duncan."
I about fell over in relief. "Yes! Gardening! Yes, Joe, I did!"
He tipped his baseball cap, in a gesture that was both redneck and gentlemanly at the same time. "Well thank goodness for that. And I must say, you look mighty fine today, Susan. I'm glad to see there are some true southern women left who aren't afraid to dress up sometimes."
My heart pounded as the camera crew panned up and down my figure again in response to Joe's comment.
I was wearing sexy heels!
And showing off half my tits to the world!
In a thin sundress that was now blowing in the wind!
Were they going to show that on the evening news?
"Yes, well, um, thank you."
Joe waved at the camera crew, directing them into the Chamber of Commerce. "Come on, boys, my big speech starts in a few minutes. Good seeing you, Candidate Duncan."
"Yes! Good!"
The local news crew took one more shot over the two of us, waiting for the two leading candidates for town councilman to do something, anything, in their unplanned public face off. But Joe had already rumbled into the Chamber of Commerce like a bulldozer and I just stood there, one hand over my cleavage, frozen like a deer.
They followed Joe inside a second later and I could finally breath again, and I took a shaky step forward.
"What the heck just happened?" Amanda demanded, coming around me. "You froze up like a high schooler running for class president back there! We could have gotten a good zinger on the 6 o'clock news!"
I was blushing so hard!
Seeing Joe again made me remember last night, how exposed I had felt, nude in front of those men..
"It, um, just surprised me, that's all."
Amanda looked at me, then pursed her lips. "Maybe you were right about calling it a day. I'm a little fried by the sun too. Pick it up tomorrow?"
Anything to get out of these suggestive heels and dress! "Yes! Thank you Amanda."
As we were walking away, she looked at me, tilting her head. "I didn't know you even had a rose garden."
I about choked! But I managed to swallow, and put on a calm face as we walked.
"I just started it," I said. "Very recently."
***
I was still cursing myself and my pathetic performance in front of those cameras as I parking in front of my house.
God, I couldn't even look Joe Rizzo in the face after last night!
But if I didn't overcome this, what was going to happen at our debate, a week before the election?
I had to get control of myself before then, blackmail or no blackmail! For my family's sake!
I was still clutching my steering wheel, swirling in a cloud of self-destructive thoughts, when I noticed Skyler's car in the driveway.
What the heck?
She should have still been in school at this hour.
And, opening the front door, I heard booming bass-type music coming from upstairs. From the direction of Skyler's room.
But Skyler never skipped school.
As I went up the stairs and the club music got louder, I got even more worried. Skyler never listened to 'urban' stuff like this!She was a straight-A student!
I slipped off my heels and padded down the carpeted hallway in my bare feet, the sounds of deep, thumping club music getting louder with every step.
Skyler knew Jake and I were never usually home at this hour.
She could have left school early because she was sick.
Or...
"Sklyer?" I called, halfway down the hall. No answer.
I was outside her door, about to knock, but I held back.
Or to meet up with someone in her room! And she was using the music to cover the sounds of something even WORSE going on...
I set my jaw, and instead of knocking, turned the knob and swung Skyler's door open wide.
To find my innocent, straight-A, nineteen-year-old daughter dancing in front of her laptop wearing nothing but a tiny pair of thong panties.
Thong panties?!
Jake and I didn't even let her buy those!
And the way she was dancing...
She had the body only a nineteen-year-old could have: long, silky hair all the way down to a tiny heart-shaped butt, a drum-tight stomach and perfect skin in the full glow of youth. Plus a set of legs sculpted into shape by years of dance practice and two big breasts she got from her mother's side, which stayed high and perky on her chest even as she bounced and ground her lithe body to the blaring music, happy, carefree, and practically nude.
I blushed.
Here had been, suspecting the worst, but all Skyler was guilty of was cutting a little school and dancing-much more suggestively than I would have liked, but at least she was dancing alone!-like young girls did.
And she was a senior, with excellent attendance, so it should affect her college acceptance letters. I'd have a little talk with her later, just to make sure it didn't happen too often. And maybe mention the thong panties too; they were a bit racier than Jake or I would have liked girls her age to wear!
I started to quietly close the door, leaving Skyler to her innocent fun, when I noticed her talking into her computer.
"Okay, here comes the big reveal," she giggled, fingers pulling at the waistband of her panties as she faced the laptop. Specifically, facing the web-cam at the top of the laptop's screen, which had a single, bright green light showing on it.
Recording.
"Sklyer! NO!" I screamed.
She squealed and covered her breasts, turning around with her jaw hanging open. "MOM!?!"
I raced past her to slam her laptop closed, hoping I had gotten there before too much damage had been done!
"Skyler!Pleasetell me you weren't broadcasting that to the entire internet!"
My daughter was humiliated, arms tightly crossed over her bare breasts as she blushed, practically naked in front of me. "Oh my god Mom! KNOCK!"
"Tell me!" I demanded, yanking cables out of the back of her computer. Power, internet, anything I could find. "Tell me you weren't putting that on the internet right now!"
"I can't believe you! You are such a controlling-"
Cables all gone, I grabbed my half-naked daughter by her shoulders. "This isimportantSkyler! Once you put your naked body on the internet- YOU CAN NEVER GET IT BACK!"
That finally cowed her. She blushed, not meeting my eyes. "I wasn't streaming it."
I shook her again. "What about the webcam? Skyler- promise me!"
"I wasn't streaming it!" she shot back, spinning out of my grip to sit, still in only her tiny thong panties, on her bed. She crossed her arms more tightly over her nude breasts, her bare legs crossed firmly. "I was just recording it! For later!"
I started to breathe again. "So that video didn't go out on the internet?"
"No!"
I exhaled, collapsing into her desk chair. "Oh thank god." I pressed my head to my forehead. "Oh thank god..." I breathed again, then looked up at her. "What were you doing then?"
Her face was five shades of red. "I told you! I was justrecordingit!"
"Why Skyler?" My eyes got bigger. "Is someone forcing you to make that video?"
"No! Oh my god Mom- it's for my boyfriend!"
Jake and I hadn't even known Skylerhada boyfriend.
My cellphone buzzed inside my purse, getting a text message. I ignored it.
"You were going to send him... that? Skyler- you can't!"
She launched off her bed and stamped her nearly nude body to her closet, angrily throwing on a tight t-shirt without a bra. "It'smybody! I can do what I want!"
My phone buzzed again.
"Of course it is, honey! But your body should be asacredthing you give only to your husband and no other man," I said, trying to forget about last night. "You've got to protect it-"
And the time I had ridden a Sybian for Joe.
"-and cherish it, so you only give it to the one you marry-"
And made a sex tape, when I was almost exactly Sklyer's age.
"-because that's what proper women do!"
With her tits covered, my daughter turned to me more defiantly. "Mom! You're so OLD-fashioned!"
God, I was blushing so hard!If she only knew...
But this was my daughter, I had to protect her!
BUZZ.
Jake never texted me this much while he was at work- it must be important. I started digging for my phone in the deep pockets of my purse as I tried to explain.
"Skyler, it's not being old-fashioned. If you give a man a video likethat, he'll... post it all over the internet!"
"Damon wouldn't do something like that!"
"Damon?" I asked, pulling out my phone and starting to unlock it. "Is he from around here? Or..."
She crossed her arms over her chest again. "You don't know him. He goes tocollege."
She threw the word at me like an insult.
But I wasn't listening, as my fumbling fingers finally got my phone unlocked.
The texts weren't from Jake's number.
They were from Joe Rizzo's.
My heart started to speed up.
"Honey, once you make a video like that," I stammered, trying to open my text app, "you lose all control over... who sees it..."
The first text read:I LIKED SEEING YOU OUT TODAY, CANDIDATE DUNCAN.
Next text:YOU LOOKED QUITE FETCHING IN YOUR LITTLE OUTFIT, EVEN THOUGH I'VE SEEN YOU WEAR LESS.
I swallowed.
Oh god!
"That, like, never happens, Mom," Skyler laughed, sliding on a pair of too-tight jeans while I still stared, dumbstruck, at my phone.
The next text read:IT GOT ME THINKING, I NEED YOUR SERVICES AGAIN LATER THIS WEEK. FRIDAY NIGHT.
He had to be joking!
I couldn't be Joe's naked serving girl again!
Not so soon!
"And if Damon shows it to his friends just once..." I stammered, starting to text Joe back with clumsy fingers. "...one of them could post it on the deep web or something!"
"Oh my god, Mom, you're being SO dramatic," Skyler giggled. "Other girls at school make videos like this for their boyfriends all the time."
NO WAY. IMPOSSIBLE,I texted him.I CAN'T.
"...and then Diedre even made like two more videos for Tobyafterhe broke up with her but he didn't.... Mom? Are you evenlisteningto me?!"
I snapped my head up from my phone. "Of course honey! It's just, something for the election."
She sighed and rolled her eyes. "You've ALWAYS got do something for your election."
"Not right now, honey, I promise, I want to talk about this with you. It's very important you don't record any videos like that-"
Buzz.
My heart skipped a little.
"...because, um, they always catch up to you!"
Buzz.
I couldn't bear to look.
But I had to!
Skyler laughed as she tied on her canvas shoes. "It's not a big deal, Mom. It's just a thing girls do nowadays."
I opened the next text from Joe.
FRIDAY.
OR PICTURES OF MY HOT LITTLE SERVING GIRL GO ALL OVER THE WEB.
And there was an image attached.
My chest felt like a boa constrictor was tightening around it.
I opened the image to see myself nude except for my high heels and mask in that horrible bar, bending over with a red face to serve beers to two laughing men. You could see my pussy lips.
"Oh GOD!"
Skyler looked up from her shoes. "What?"
I slammed my phone closed. "Nothing! Just promise me, you won't make any videos like that for anyone ever again!"
"Moooommmmm...."
"Just promise me honey!" I was practically yelling. "If Damon shows it to one of his friends, who copies and posts it somewhere, that's it! You're nude on the internet- FOREVER!"
"Fine, whatever," my daughter sighed, rolling her eyes. "No more videos, I promise."
"Thanks honey," I said, trying to fight the urge to vomit, right there. "Now could you please get back to school? I have to..."
My heart was pounding.
"...go work on my campaign."
***
I rushed Skyler out the door then called Joe back from the master bathroom, putting at least three doors between me and the outside world.
"Joe, you've got to be insane!"
"Why, Candidate Duncan, good to hear from you again so soon," he chuckled. "Did you enjoy the picture I sent? I've got a even better video of you squirming as two men place some lime wedges in your mouth if you want-"
"I can't do another sick fundraiser for you this week!" I screamed. "I've got a family! And a husband! I'm not some stupid stripper you can just call up to perform for you at will!"
"Of course you're not, Candidate Duncan," he laughed, probably with that same unlit cigar between his teeth. "I'd have topaya stripper to perform for me."
I balled my fists. "You corrupt, fat, despicable, old-"
"Who would you like seeing those videos of you first, I wonder? Your mother?" he chuckled. "Or your husband? Or maybe I just send them all to Good Girls Flashing and let them make a 'before' and 'after' series..."
NO!
Jake and I had fought so hard to get my first sex tape off the internet!
If Joe Rizzo started everything back up now, after Jake thought his cease and desist letter had solved everything-
A cold knot started forming inside my gut.
Because I knew I had no way out.
"Joe, please!" I begged. "I can't... not so soon!"
"Friday night. My house. Seven o'clock sharp," he laughed, as my heart started pounding in my chest. "Full make-up, your hair done for a dinner party, and as for your clothes..." I heard him chuckle.
"I liked seeing you in heels today. Wear some sexy stilettos for Friday. Something that really makes your legs look two miles long, Susan. Understand me?"
My face was burning five shades of red!
"Heels and what else?!"
If he said I'd have to be naked at his event again... oh god, I couldn't handle it!
"I'm not a monster," he laughed. "And it's a black tie event. So something elegant, say a cocktail dress? But I want it showing a LOT of cleavage. And hemmed up high to show off all of those long, beautiful legs of yours. I want you in danger of flashing people with every step. Do you have a dress like that?"
I did. But it was so revealing, I had only worn it on vacation to Jamaica with Jake, where I wouldn't see anyone I knew! And it had gotten him so revved up on the trip, we had made love in our room every night!
"Yes, but-"
"And for your underthings, I'd like a push up bra, something very lacy and expensive. Really put those knockers on a shelf. And a tiny,matchingset of g-string panties; I want nothing but dental floss up that butt!"
Oh god!
My political rival was choosing my outfit, like I was his own personal sex doll!
"Joe! Please! Can't we-"
"We're going to have a very special guest for you to entertain Friday," he laughed, ignoring my pleas, "so you better come dressed exactly as I asked, bringing your biggest smile and an attitude to please. Because if not... snap snap, click click!"
He was threatening to send out my blackmail pictures to everyone!
To the voters, my family, my friends!
I squeezed my thighs together under my sundress, to keep my knees from knocking.
"Joe, you can't keep doing this! I can't be your... party toy forever!"
"Who said forever? The election is four weeks away, and this is just business," he laughed. "If we ever see each other after that, well, it will just be... socially, Candidate Duncan."
My head was spinning.
This was going to be so humiliating!
Who was the special guest he was talking about?!
And what the hell was he going to have me do for him?!
I swallowed. "Please, Joe.... I get a mask again Friday? You're not going to... make me go out there without a mask, right?"
I heard him laugh again, a big, unconcerned belly laugh.
"Why Candidate Duncan, that's the fun of it! Everyone else will be seeing just another cheap stripper, paid to show off her goods to the crowd... and only I'll know you really are, under that mask." He laughed again. "Vixen."
And I could hear him still laughing as he hung up on me.
***
At 6:52 Friday night I circled Joe's large Florida mansion one more time.
There were so many cars in his driveway- like he was throwing a party for half the county! There was no way I could get in without being seen by someone I knew!
What should I do?
A minute later my phone buzzed.
USE THE SERVANT'S ENTRANCE IN THE BACK. GATE CODE 9119.
I circled the house one more time, saw the gate and used the code to enter. Near the rear of the house there were trucks for caterers, but I didn't think any of the Mexican serving staff would recognize me. Or so I hoped!
I pulled up next to Joe's back door, frantically wondering what to do next.
He didn't expect me to just walk in, did he?
I finally saw a portly figure standing next to his open, dimly-lit garage, a tux draped over his large frame. Joe waved me out of the car with annoyance.
I opened the door and got out, it was so hard not to flash my panties at the caterers in this ridiculously short skirt, or to cross Joe's gravel driveway without breaking my ankles in my tallest six-inch heels; I had never worn both of these together out of the bedroom before- they were for Jake only!
"You're late."
My watch read 7:01.
"Come on," Joe said brusquely, motioning deeper into his darkened garage.
I followed, my pulse starting to spike.
No one knew even I was here!
I had told Jake I was going to speak at a Woman's Rally in Ft. Lauderdale, so not to expect me home until after midnight. Then I had changed in a gas station bathroom out in the boonies, and turned off my phone just in case.
And now I was alone in a nearly pitch black garage with Joe Rizzo. Who outweighed me by an easy hundred plus pounds. And I was wearing this ridiculous dress with tottering, impractical heels, barely able to walk, much less run.If he lunged at me right now...
Or just pushed me over...
Joe stopped in front of a shiny box the size of a refrigerator, with short wooden steps leading up to its waist-high entrance.
"Get in, honey."
My eyes bugged out. This was how white slavery rings started!
"No way!"
He sighed, then turned the box around- it was on a rolling cart- so I could see the ribbons and wrapping paper making it shiny, and the fanciful writing on the side. "HAPPY 65TH BIRTHDAY!" it read in huge, cursive letters. Also: "HAPPY RETIREMENT!"
"It's a fake birthday cake,Candidate Duncan. You're only going to be inside a few minutes, then you're going to jump out and surprise everyone."
Okay, this was not how white slavery rings started.
But still, fear gripped me.
There could beanyoneinside at that party. People I knew! And I was wearing a horribly revealing little cocktail dress that almost showed off my ass and panties with every step!
I swallowed hard, clutching my purse, not moving forward an inch. "My mask?"
He laughed, then started digging in his tux pocket. "Aww, I was going to see if I could convince you to go without that this time."
As if!
Wearing these high heels, in this little dress, jumping out of a fake cake like some floozy?! I would look ridiculous!
He finally held out a flimsy piece of black cloth, barely enough to cover me from eyebrow to upper cheek. But when I reached for it, he snatched his hand back.
"In the box first, Candidate Duncan. We've got a schedule to keep, if you're going to make the birthday boy happy."
I blushed even harder.
Even now, he had to play power games with me!
I started climbing the rickety wooden stairs leading up into the fake birthday cake. I had to make a choice between holding down the hem of my tiny cocktail dress or gripping the loose railing, and after my first slip and almost twisting an ankle I grabbed at the railing, only to hear a low whistle behind me.
"God, I love a woman in a g-string."
I blushed and held down the back of my dress with both hands again. Even being cautious, I hadn't been able to keep Joe from seeing my bare ass!
How would I maintain my modesty for a whole party?!
I stepped inside and angrily turned to face him, starting to shiver in the cool evening air of his open garage.
"Okay, I'm in your stupid birthday cake! Can I have my mask now please?!"
For a horrible second, I saw him flinch at my words, and consider not giving the mask to me.
No!
I had to hide who I was! Especially to a crowd this upper class!
"You know, while I appreciate you dressing up for this fancy occasion just like I ordered," Joe laughed, twirling the masquerade mask on his fat finger, "I think I'd rather have you jump out of that cake just like the Good Lord intended you to be. With a big smile, and bare-ass, buck naked."
My legs almost gave out.
No!
Not again!
"Joe, no! I'm sorry!" I begged, reaching for the mask. "I won't call the cake stupid again! Look, I'll put on the mask and I'll jump out of this cake in a great mood and even sing the Happy Birthday song if you want me to or something!"
He just chuckled. "You knew this is how you'd always end the night, Candidate Duncan. I'm just getting you there a little faster."
My white knuckles still held down the hem of my dress. "Joe! I can't! Be naked in front of a huge crowd again!"
"Well, not unless you'd like that crowd seeing a video of you serving drinks at a bar, buck naked. Or having a big ol' orgasm on that Sybian in my office? I had forgotten about that wonderful little gem I recorded, maybe I could pull aside a few guests and show them in private..."
I shivered. That machine had made me cum SO hard- I had lost all control of my body and my voice! I had moaned and bucked like wanton nympho!
It was horrible!
And to have ANYONE else seeing that-
My face flushed as I reached behind my back to start undoing my expensive cocktail dress, my fingers fumbling with the hooks. "Why did you ask me to wear this stupid thing if you were going to immediately make me get out of it?!"
"Because it's more fun this way," he laughed, watching me without shame. "Seeing you strip out of that saucy little number, your face red as you realize your place tonight... it's so much moresublimethan having you peel off some stupid sweatpants."
My face and chest burned as he laughed at my predicament; but what choice did I have?!
I had to keep my secrets hidden!
But when he had specifically asked me to wear this cocktail dress, a small part of me had hoped-
No, that was stupid Susan!
Stupid stupid stupid!
I could feel his eyes all over me as I undid the last hook and slid the silky dress down my long, shaved legs, then angrily handed it to him.
"Mmmm, that's nice. And now the bra. Let me see those amazing tits again."
Oh god, I was stripping for him again!
This was like a nightmare I couldn't wake up from!
I undid my clasp and shimmied out of my bra, covering my chest as I tossed it to him.
"Oh, Susan, don't be shy," he laughed, look right at my arms. "We both know you aren't."
That made me blush even more.
I had a Master's degree for goodness sake!
I had been on the Honor Roll!
And the Morals Committee!
"If you get your nipples hard and beg really nicely," Joe laughed, "and I might just let you keep your little g-string on for the party. It is aformalevent, after all."
Oh god!
This couldn't be happening!
But it would still be miles better than being totally naked!
I gulped and lowered my arms, letting my tits swing free.
"Please Joe," I panted. "Let me keep my panties on!"
He laughed. "Lets see those highbeams, Candidate Duncan. Or do you need some ice cubes?"
I blushed harder.This was too much!
But if there was even a chance I could at least keep from showing my bare pussy to everyone inside-
I closed my eyes, taking a nipple between in each thumb and forefinger. The cold air of his open garage helped, but to get fully hard, I'd have to actually get turned on. I didn't want to, in front of this horrible man, but if it protected my modesty just a little...
I swallowed, rolling my nipples in just the right way. I started to pant as I felt the heat building in my center-
Click!
My eyes flew open. He had snapped a picture! With flash!
"Joe!"
"Just something to remember the night by," he laughed. "You'll have your mask on for the rest of it." He reviewed his camera. "Oh yeah, your face came out great in that one."
Oh god- I was going to die!
He had a picture of me playing with my nipples for him- with my face showing!
"Now then. Beg me. Or you're wearing nothing but that pretty little smile tonight."
"Joe! Please!" I said, my face burning as my nipples got hard, right in front of him.Why did this garage have to be so damned cold?!"Please please please- let me keep my panties on tonight!"
"Why?"
Oh god!
"Because," I gulped, "I'm... a good woman. I'm not like this- I don't strip totally naked for people!"
"God, I wish I had that on tape," he laughed, slapping his knee. "Stick in the mud family values Susan Duncan, her nips hard as rocks, begging me to let her keep her panties on because she's a good girl! Oh hell, this is too rich!"
I burned, humiliated and shivering as he laughed.
"Okay, enough stalling Duncan," he said, wiping a tear from his wrinkled eye. "Take off that g-string and toss it to me. You'll be naked, just like last time."
I gasped. "Joe!"
"Five seconds, Candidate Duncan. Or I walk right inside with your purse and your clothes and go straight to my computer to-"
He didn't even have to finish that sentence! As humiliated as I was, it could always get worse! I didn't even have my car keys- they were in my purse!
I dropped my panties in record time.
Oh god Jake, I'm sorry!
"Perfect," he laughed, collecting my last meaningful piece of clothing, then looked at my shivering, naked body. "That body really is a national treasure. If I could write a law to force you to strip for the town every week from here on out I would- and it would pass by a landslide!"
I blushed, trying and failing to cover both my tits and pussy. In the cool evening air my nipples were already hard, and I could feel the light breeze off the water caressing my naked ass. I was naked and at his mercy again!
"Joe! The mask!"
He finally threw the tiny piece of cloth to me. "Of course. I wouldn't want you to go without your outfit for tonight,Vixen."
I caught it in the air and threw it on. Thank god no one had walked by his garage while all this had been going on!
Joe took the top of the cake, a heavy cardboard lid decorated to look like frosting, and started settling it over my head. I had to crouch down for it to fit.
"Now, when the singing stops, I'll knock on the side of the box and you come bursting through the top like a rocket- with your biggest,brightestbirthday smile on your face," he warned, getting it into place. "And not covering up aninchof the good stuff, you hear me? If I don't see a BIG smile andallthe goods the second you pop out of the top, I'm sending ALL those videos to your familytonight, get it?"
My heart started beating a mile a minute as the lid started closing above me.
This was really going to happen!
But I had so many questions!
"Joe! How many people are at the party?!" I asked, as he lowered the top into place, closing off all my light. "Is there anyone here who would know me?!"
He just laughed and sealed me inside the cramped, pitch-black cardboard prison.
***
I was a nervous shaking mess, waiting in the dark for my big moment.
I was totally naked, except for stupid six-inch high heels that barely let the balls of my feet touch the ground and a little masquerade mask that wouldn't hide my identity for a second if anyone I knew saw me! And like an idiot, I had done my hair and makeup for an elegant night out, so I looked like Iwantedto be here!
I was trapped inside a small, scratchy, pitch black cardboard box and I was going to jump out of it like some stupid candygram on Joe's command. Nude!
And who was at this huge party!?
The thought gave me shivers, and I had nothing to do but stew on it.
Joe had said I would only be in the box for a few minutes, but it was more like twenty. I could just imagine Rizzo laughing and sipping drinks at his party, taking his time talking to guests, smiling because he knew his biggest political rival was trapped, naked in a box inside his garage!
I hugged myself, waiting, but the feeling of my hands rubbing my shaved legs, thighs, calves just made the situation worse. I really was baby smooth- everywhere!
When I finally heard heavy footsteps coming closer and the cart jerked into motion, it was almost a relief. For a nano-second.
But then I realized:this was really happening!
I was going to be a nude stripper, jumping out of a cake at some random man's birthday party!
I knelt inside, shaking, using my hands to steady myself as I was rolled up stairs, over thresholds, into the middle of a loud, singing group.
The singing was so loud!
There must be a hundred people around me!
OH GOD!
My insides were in turmoil, my throat dry as the desert, but as the last verses of "Happy Birthday To You..." dropped away, I gathered my feet below me.
Oh god oh god oh god-
The singing stopped.
There was a loud, expectant pause.
And then someone slapped the side of the box.
Using every bit of my nerves I forced a smile on my face and pushed hard off my high heels and burst out through the pre-cut cardboard top...
Into an elegant, black-tie party of at least a hundred and fifty people all from my town.
My heart stopped dead.
Most of the men were cops, in full dress uniform. And there were women in the crowd, wearing pearls, designer dresses, some of them trophy wives from my own country club! And I standing in the middle of them totally nude, tits, ass and pussy visible to everyone!
OH GODDDD-
Even as I blinked under the suddenly bright lights, still smiling my stupid forced stripper smile for Joe, my arms up in a big cheerleader cheer, the party-goers seemed stunned, not knowing what to make of me. We looked at each other for another long, horrible silent second.
And then the young male cops let loose a cheer loud enough to shake the walls.
The few civilian men, dressed in suits and tuxes, started clapping as well, and the women finally joined. Even if they didn't appreciate the show, they at least appreciated the gesture behind it.
I recognized some of the younger policemen as ones I had seen around town!
Hopefully they'd be looking at my body, and not my face!
As my heart was exploding, Joe Rizzo was bringing an older gray-haired man, approximately sixty-five, to the front of the cake.
"Here she is, Commissioner! The sweetest birthday gift you'll ever get."
Oh god- this was the Police Commissioner Talbot's party?!
I had sat on his lap as a schoolgirl, when he had played Santa Claus in the mall!
He had signed my petition to get on the November ballot!
I talked to him every year when Officer Friendly came to Skyler's school!
He would recognize me FOR SURE!
But Commissioner Talbot just looked up at my bouncing tits, my bare, shaved pussy lips that Joe had forbade me to cover, and just shook his head and laughed.
"Oh my word, Joe- I didn't think people did things like this anymore!" he laughed, wiping a tear from his eyes. "It reminds me of the retirement party we gave the OLD police chief, way back in '63!"
"Well, I wanted to send you off in the same grand fashion," I heard Joe say over the cheering and whistling cops. "You're just as good as old Sawyer was!"
The Commissioner's eyes finally left my bare breasts as the cheers died down, to focus on my face. "Where did you even find a good old-fashioned girl like this?" he laughed. "She looks like abarrelof fun."
"Oh, I didn't have to go far," Joe laughed, winking at me. "A much shorter distance than you might think, in fact."
My eyes bugged out as the nearest rows of the crowd started looking at me harder. Based on Joe's words, they were all trying to figure out if they knew me from somewhere!
I had to do something!
Anything!
Even though I could barely talk, and the butterflies were trying to tear their way out of my nude, unprotected belly, I cleared my throat, and in my huskiest, most Marylyn Monroe voice, started to sing.
"Happy Birthday.... Mister Commissioner..."
The cops cheered again and everyone forgot, for a moment, trying to figure out who I was.
I slid my hands up and down my curves just like I had seen Marylyn do in that old video. Except that she had been wearing a dress while she did it, and I was bare ass naked!
I felt so dirty- but anything to keep their mind off my face!
"Happy Birthday... To You..."
I made my voice as breathy and sexy and affected as I could, praying that no one would recognize it! I even puckered my lips and sexily bit the edge of my finger with my teeth, arching my back so my tits stuck out more pleasingly.
If Jake saw me now, I'd be divorced in a second!
"Happy Birthday...Mister Commissioner..."
The trophy wives, disgusted at what they saw, started to file out the back of the room. The smart husbands followed. But the young unmarried cops, however, cheered and started taking pictures and videos on their cellphones.
NO!
But I couldn't stop singing now. I was just a cheap stripper Joe had 'hired' for the night. I had to keep playing the part!
My face burning red as I heard twenty cellphone cameras beeping, I continued giving the Police Commissioner the most degrading birthday song I had ever sung. The old man blushed a little as I swayed in front of him- totally naked- and he got pats on the back or handshakes from his officers, some of whom whispered things into his ear, after which both men would look at me and laugh!
They were discussing my body, right as I stood there in front of them!
But as I finally finished the song, all of the country club crowd that might know me were gone, and I was about to collapse back into the box, on shaky legs. At least the night was over!
Joe lead a rousing final round of applause as I wanted to die- they were clapping for my tits and ass, not my singing!- and then said, "Alright, Vixen, come down and give the old Chief a hug before you go."
A hug!
With all these men watching?!
But I had no choice.
And with the edge of the box almost at my upper thighs, I'd have to step over it to get out-
I tried to cover my pussy as I stepped over the edge- I tried!- but even then I heard the young men on one side of the room hoot and break into laughter.
"Shit Sergeant- I just saw all the way up to her tonsils!"
"Damn, now that's a vag!"
"I think they call that 'love tunnel', Lieutenant."
Oh god!
Half the room had just gotten a better view up my pussy than my gynecologist did!
My entire body was shaking with humiliation, my face dark red, as I tottered down the steps to stand in front of a kindly, smiling old man.
I could barely talk!
But I still I tried to make my voice high pitched and dumb sounding, like a stripper's might.
"Happy.. Happy birthday sir!"
"Why thank you young lady," he laughed, holding his arms out warmly.
I gave him a polite hug, not wanting to drag my hard nipples across the cold medals of his uniform.
And then Commissioner Tolbert slid his hands down my back and pulled me forward with two firm handfuls of my bare ass.
"HEY!" I cried, jumping onto my toes, which is exactly what he wanted. My naked tits mashed against his face while he squeezed and groped my ass with strong, powerful hands. "Commissioner!"
The crowd cheered as I struggled, trapped in his grip.
"The old man's still got it!"
"You'd have it to, faced with tits and ass like that!"
"Get a picture, Sergeant, quick, get a picture!"
Talbot gave the crowd a thumbs up, one hand still holding me to him by my ass as I blushed and tried to bury my face in his shoulder to hide my face as another round of pictures, from closer this time, were taken.
"Now give her a birthday spanking!" one of the boys laughed.
"NO!" I cried, trying to squirm away.
But it was too late.
The hand giving a thumbs up closed like a vise around my waist, and then Commissioner Talbot, who had run the polite, friendly police department as long as I had lived in town, reared back with his other hand and gave me a spank that took my breath away.
SMMMAAACK!
"Oh fuck!" I cried.
He still had his strength!
It was like getting hit with a bullwhip!
"ONE!" a few boys in the crowd cheered, and that's when I really started whimpering.
I couldn't take sixty-four more of these!
"No!"
I felt his hand leave my bare ass again...
SMMMAAACK!
"NO!"
SMMMAAACK!
"Ahhh!"
SMMMAAACK!
"Stop! Please!"
He was hitting the exact same spot, every time! My ass was already on fire and I couldn't help but jump and wail like some Little Anne Fannie- it really hurt!
And the crowd was loving it.
"Give her some more Chief!"
"Yeah- don't let her sit down all weekend!"
"Show her what we do to loose women in these parts!"
Loose women?!
I had only slept withoneman in my entire life!
I didn'twantto be here!
I didn't want to be naked in high heels and makeup in front of all these men, getting spanked like a cheap stripper! I was a good wife and neighbor! A pillar of this community-
SMMMAAACK!
SMMMAAACK!
SMMMAAACK!
"Owwww! FUCK!"
"Language young lady," Tolbert laughed. "We don't tolerate that sort of debauchery around here."
"No, wait-"
SMMMAAACK!
SMMMAAACK!
SMMMAAACK!
The crowd laughed again, watching me be taken apart.
I was squirming, hopping on the toes of my high heels, trying to cover my butt and being stopped by his strong hand around my waist. "Stop! Please!"
I heard the Commissioner laugh in my ear. "Have you learned your lesson, young lady? Do you promise not to curse again in proper company?"
"Yes, I promise!" I wailed. "I won't-"
SMMMAAACK!
SMMMAAACK!
SMMMAAACK!
"Owwww fuuuuuu.... yes!" I begged, biting my lip. "I promise!"
The other cops were rolling on the floor with laughter.
"You promise to find a good husband, and put aside your wicked ways to live a decent life?"
SMMMAAACK!
"YES! I PROMISE! I'll be DECENT!"
"Decent girls don't prance around with all their clothes off," he laughed, spanking my red, burning butt again. "Decent girls don't jump of cakes naked. You promise to wear clothes in public? From now on?
And then he gave me the three hardest spanks yet.
SMMMMMMAAACK!
SMMMMMMAAACK!
SMMMMMMAAACK!
"YES I PROMISE!" I begged, tears leaking from my eyes. "I'LL ALWAYS WEAR CLOTHES IN PUBLIC FROM NOW ON! I PROMISE I PROMISE!"
I waited, tensing for the next smack on my burning butt, but none came. Instead, Commissioner Talbot just rubbed and squeezed my burning ass, and even that hurt.
"Alright boys, you heard her," he laughed. "I think she's learned her lesson," he said, finally releasing his vice grip on my waist. The crowd laughed as I took a big step away, sniffling and gingerly rubbing my stinging butt.
"Awww, Chief, you can't keep converting all of our strippers into a church gals!" one man cried. "And she's a prime piece, too!"
"Don't worry Clem, she'll be back," his friend told him. "Girls like that can't stay away."
Now my face burned too. I wasn't a 'girl like this'!
I was a wife! And mother!
Talbot tipped his hat at Rizzo. "Joe, you old dog, getting me a cake girl- I still can't believe it!" Shaking his head, he walked towards the kitchen. "Alright, let me see to the other guests. My good wife is out there, somewhere."
Oh thank god!
I could finally put on my clothes and get out of this-
"Hey Joe!" one of the younger cops laughed, stepping up and grabbing my waist. "Mind if I get a picture with the birthday girl before she goes? To remember her by?"
"Yeah! Me too!" another cop laughed. "To 'remember' her."
"I'm next!"
"I'm in!"
I stamped my heel, trying to pull away from the younger cop while looking at Rizzo with hard eyes. "No! No way, Joe!"
But he just turned away with a wave of his hand. "Go ahead boys. I've got herall night."
***
The crowd of cops formed a fence around me as Joe laughed and walked off, deaf to my pleas.
"No! Wait! Joe!" One cop was already grabbing at my waist to pull me into a shot, as his buddy lined up the camera. "Please, sir! Pictures... weren't part of my...um... contract!"
He just squeezed me harder around my waist, making me stand pressed right next to him. "Well then, Honey, just consider this a perk."
And he pinched my stinging ass as his friend took the shot!
"Hey!"
The crowd of cops laughed as I jumped away, covering my tender butt, but the next cop was already lining up beside me.
"My turn, nudie girl."
And he placed his strong hand right on my bare ass and held it there throughout the whole picture!
"Stop it! You can't just paw at me like that-"
I tried to resist, tried to get away, but I was just one naked housewife in too high heels and they were young, trained men at the peak of their strength and horniness. I didn't stand a chance of breaking through that blue wall.
I was passed from laughing one cop to another, pushed around by iron hands on my waist or a quick stinging slap on my ass, the men laughing as I yelped and whimpered and went exactly where they wanted me. Every one of them put a hand on my bare ribs or bare waist or nude butt, their fingers stroking my bare skin, making me shiver with...
Oh god, lust?
I couldn't be enjoying this, could I?
I loved it when Jake ordered me to strip and spanked me- but that was my husband! I couldn't start getting turned on by these other men!
"Smile honey, and give me a kiss," one young cop laughed as he lined up his selfie. "It will make a better shot!"
"Please, sir-" I begged, trying to pull away.
But his arm around me was like steel. "The longer you fight, the longer I'm just going to hold you here honey. Just give me a kiss and it will be over!"
I blushed.
I couldn't do this! Kiss another man?!
But Joe was gone. I was helpless. Alone, with twenty horny young men...
I closed my eyes and kissed his cheek.
"No, like in those old pictures!" he laughed, not letting go. "Raise one foot while you're kissing me!"
The crowd roared, and I knew I had to.
I closed my eyes, forced a smile, and raised one foot behind me like some stupid pin-up while I leaned forward and kissed a strange, strong young man on his cheek.
His stubble scratched my lips. I could smell the aftershave on his neck and the brandy on his breath. And his hands were firmly cupping my naked ass, right as the flash went off.
After that, every cop wanted a 'kissing' picture.
Some from the front, some from the side, some dipped me like a long lost lover, their hands on my bare ribs, my waist, my ass, as their friends took picture after picture. And then one of them surprised me, turning his head at the last second so I kissed him on the lips!
I tried to gasp in protest, to squirm, but then I was passed to another man, forced to kiss him on the lips just as deeply.
No! This was wrong!
I was a married woman!
But there was no time to think.
I was being passed from one cop to another without a break. So many different men were touching me. I was a naked, helpless toy being passed between them. My nipples were so hard!
And then one of them ran his thumb over my rock-hard nipple as we kissed, sending instant wetness to the burning ache between my thighs.
And then another man did it, and another; I was getting my tits felt up by half the town's police force!
Some men came back for a second or third picture, getting a better handle on my breasts as they pressed their crotches against mine. I could feel their hard-ons pressing against me, their throbbing urgency pulsing through dress pants, right against my pussy.
And some of those cocks were really big...
Oh god, I would need to get fucked hard by Jake tonight!
The men started pulling my hand down to their crotches during the pictures.
I had big, strange cocks pulsing against my small palm as we kissed and kissed.
I could feel each one throbbing against my fingers.
I squeezed.
"Shit, she's giving me a hand job!" the cop I was kissing laughed
"No I didn't!" I blushed as I immediately let go. "It was... an accident!"
Soon every cop was guiding my hand down to his crotch. I was being passed even faster from cop to cop, red-faced and out of breath, with rock hard nipples and my throbbing pussy desperate between my legs, touching rock hard cock after cock through their pants-
And then a shrill, loud woman laughed from the entrance to the room.
The cops parted to see who it was, and that's when I saw, leaning against the archway in a little black party dress and high heels with a martini in her hand, Bethany Silver.
She flashed me a very evil smile.
"Well! It looks likesomebody'shaving fun tonight!"
***
The young cops broke away, embarrassed to be caught by a smirking upper class trophy wife from their town. They put me back on my feet and left me, nude and shaking in my heels, alone with Bethany in the large room.
I tried to change my voice as I talked, making it high pitched and different.
"Well, um, thank you miss! I'll just um, get back in my cake then, and-"
"Oh cut the crap Susan, we both know it's you under that stupid mask."
I frantically looked around- thank god the hallway was empty!"Bethany! Don't use my name!"
"And why notSusan?" she laughed, as my heart threatened to explode. "You obviously don't have any problem showing everything ELSE off to the world; why not blab your real name too?"
I blushed even harder, covering my tits and pussy. It was so much worse, to be exposed this way- to another woman!
"Bethany- please!" I begged her in the now empty room. "Quiet!"
"And to think, I almost didn't come to this stupid party," she laughed, picking a mini-hot dog off a tray with a toothpick. "And when I got here late, I almost left when I saw they didn't have valet parking. But I'm SO glad I came in, because what is the first thing I saw except for known hussy-about-town Susan Duncan nude and kissing every cop whose baton she could grab! On film!"
My face was burning. "It's not like that! I'm... I'm wearing a mask!"
"Yes,quitethe disguise," she laughed, taking a bite of her mini-hot dog. "How did you and Joe even arrange this anyway? I thought you two were mortal enemies."
"We are!" I gasped, looking around. I had to end this conversation before someone else walked in! I felt even more naked now than I had jumping out of that cake! "He's..." I lowered my voice to a whisper. "He's blackmailing me!"
"With what? Proof of your real weight?"
God, that bitch!"No! With...." -I tried to think- "With that video of younger me you saw before!"
"Ohhhh, that," Bethany chuckled. "You thought you were so smart, getting your sex tape pulled off the web before I could make a copy! Looks like someone beat stupid Susan to it."
She kept saying my name!
"Bethany, please! You can't tell anyone about this!"
"Well, that tacky mask may have kept the men from recognizing you, they were all probably looking at those ridiculous tits anyway," she laughed, going for another mini hot dog. "But I could recognize that fat ass anywhere. So the real question is-" She bit into her weiner. "-what are you going to do to keep ME from blackmailing you too?"
I shook my head, helpless.I was already naked and humiliated- what more did she want?
"I... I don't have anything else to give!"
"Oh Honey, you've got plenty," she laughed, turning away. "Follow me."
***
I was pulling at the back of Bethany's dress as I followed her towards the great room, as my life flashed before my eyes. She was goingtowardswhere all the guests had gathered!
"Bethany please! Slow down! Stop!"
"Why should I stopSusan? What could you possibly do to keep me from telling everyone about your slutty secret life,Susan?"
"I don't know!" I begged. "I just need you to stop saying my name!"
She laughed as we turned the corner into the thankfully empty except for serving staff kitchen, then walked into the room where Joe and Commissioner Talbot had gathered the guests to cut his huge, actual birthday cake, a hundred people milling about around them.
I froze as the rear ranks of the crowd, men and women, turned to stare at me as I entered.
It was like being stripped in front of them all over again!
Bethany snapped her fingers at me like I was a dog. "Follow. Or you know what happens."
And then she walked right into the heart of the crowd.
I followed, my stomach tightening with every step.What the hell was she planning?!
My legs started shaking, but I did. The crowd was so close, on all sides of me!
"Hey Joe!" Bethany laughed, her shrill voice carrying over the din. "Don't you think our cake girl should be helping hand out the birthday cake?!"
Rizzo looked in our direction. He saw my horrified eyes, me shaking my head frantically at him, hoping against hope-
"Well, come on up then!" he laughed. "Come on up!"
The crowd cheered and parted eagerly, as Bethany pulled me forward by the wrist. "Come on
stripper," she laughed. "Let'sreallyshow you off right!"
Shuttling between the Commissioner and his guests, handing out pieces of cake like a servant- it was so much more intimate than when I had jumped out of the cake! Instead of being up on a pedestal, now I could feel the cloth of the men's suits as we brushed by them, smell the women's perfume as we passed, feel the heat from their bodies.
I had to look each one in the eyes and ask if they wanted chocolate or vanilla, hear their giggles as they ordered me around. These were richest housewives in the entire county, their designer dresses and pearls costing more than my car, watching me with contempt as I shuffled between them nude except for my stupid, unstable high heels. And I could hear every catty comment they made behind my back.
"-probably a high school dropout if you ask me. Decent girls wouldn'tdosuch a thing!"
"-uncle probably touched her one Christmas. That's how most of these strippers are made."
"-we'll have to watch our husbands around her. I bet she'd suck them off in the bathroom for 20 bucks and a ride home!"
My face burned as I bit my tongue, pretending not to hear.
No!I wanted to scream.I was a good wife! A faithful, conservative woman, probably more educated than all them!
I wasn't just a naked stripper slut!
Then one of the older married men slapped my ass after I had handed him cake, and the crowd laughed when I yelped out loud.
After that more men started to do it, pinching my bare bottom and saying "Thanks, Sugar!" as my face just burned. These were bankers and lawyers- and they were treating me like a common sex slave! In public!
And Bethany was just watching, loving every second of it as I humiliated myself in front of people we both knew!
I saw Bethany and Joe start to have a private discussion, Joe talking but Bethany was definitely leading it. I almost threw up as I tried to think what it could be about.
What was she saying to him?!
After the fourth man pinched my ass, making my nipples start to harden again, I went up to them in the corner.
"Bethany- please!" I whispered. "Can't I stop now?!"
She laughed, speaking at a normal voice. "What was your name again stripper? I didn't catch it before."
A third of the room must have heard her!
She was daring me to say something, anything!
Now I was panting too, my fight or flight kicking in.I couldn't do this! I couldn't let my secret get out!
"Vix... Vixen!" I finally gasped. "My name's Vixen!"
She laughed. "So appropriate. Finish serving the cake, Vixen."
Joe laughed, looking at my face. "You better do what she says."
I was about to cry. My blackmailer was letting the bitch I hated most in the state pull my strings!
Bethany called after me as I left, loud enough to be heard by everyone. "And say 'Thank you!' when a nice man pinches your ass- it's a compliment!"
***
I had rock hard nipples and an extremely tender ass when I finally got done handing out all of the birthday cake. After Bethany's comment, the older men had been incorrigible, even in front of their wives. And the worst part was that I had to say 'Thank you' each time one of them did it!
It was the worst night of my life, worse than even with Joe's dockworkers in the bar, and I was shaking when Joe finally waved me over.
"Okay Vixen, you've earned your keep for the night," he laughed. "Go wait in my study and I'll bring around your clothes."
I thanked him profusely, blushing as I scurried past the guests one last time, totally nude, to wait in his sports-memorbilia lined study.
I shivered, waiting for him to return, wearing only high heels and my mask, but when the door, it wasn't Joe. It was Bethany again.
And she was leading Commissioner Talbot behind her.
"See, Chief?" she laughed, waving at me. "Our girl just HAD to get a picture with you before she left- she's still dressed for it!"
The old man laughed as I blushed and covered myself again with my hands again, or tried to.
God, I hated being naked!
"So she is," he said, shaking his head. "Young lady, don't youeverwant to get dressed?"
"Yes sir- I do!" I yelped, hiding my pussy behind the corner of Joe's desk as they walked closer. "Bethany! What is this?"
"I brought the birthday boy in for one last picture, just like you asked me," she laughed. "Isn't that what you wanted?"
She was testing me again, daring me to contradict her story. But I couldn't- who knows what she might do then?
"Go ahead and stand right there," she told the Commissioner. "And you, why don't you mince your naked butt out here? The quicker we take the picture, the quicker you can go!"
I swallowed- she wasn't going to let me out of this!
I tottered on my stupidly high heels around the table, Talbot chuckling as I stood next to him again, totally nude.
"No no no," Bethany laughed from behind her phone. "Closer! Why don't you wrap one leg around our lucky boy? And Chief, feel free to get a nice handful of our stripper's butt; she doesn't seem to mind!"
The hell I didn't!
But I couldn't object now.
I blushed even harder as I bent a knee, wrapping my nude leg around him like a ballroom dancer as Talbot slid a hand behind me and grabbed a firm, solid handful of my bare ass! My face was beet red as I felt his strong fingertips resting deep inside my rear cleavage- he was practically touching my asshole!
He pulled me closer, my bare breasts mashed against his side as Bethany raised the camera.
The camera onherphone- I realized.
Nowshe'dhave pictures of me too!
She looked at her screen, lining up the shot. "Oh, you two are still too far away. Don't be shy- get right up against him."I was practically humping his leg- what more did she want?!
"I don't think I-"
"Oh come on, just hurry up and get a little closer, Susan!"
My knees almost gave out.
"BETHANY!"
She had done it.
She'd killed me!
"Susan?" Commissioner Talbot took a half step away, looking my nude body up and down, his eyes getting wider in recognition as he looked at my long brown hair, my tits and figure again, as if for the first time. "Susan... Duncan?"
Bethany giggled, using both hands to cover her mouth. "Oooops!"
I would have fallen over if I hadn't been leaning on Commissioner Talbot!
It was out!
This was the end!
"Bethany!"
Bethany laughed innocently, as my heart threatened to give out. "Silly me! But you can keep a secret, right Commissioner?"
He had stepped back another half step, out of my grip now, still looking me up and down. "I sure... can. But I never expected... Susan Duncan! Your husband and I play poker together once a month!"
I grabbed his suit jacket, tears starting in my eyes. "Please sir! Don't tell... Jake! This was just a silly... joke!"
Bethany was smiling at us. "Yes, it was just a little lark between Joe, Susan and I. Oh Susan, go ahead and take off your mask. It's just us and the commissioner now."
I wanted to run- to hide- but where could I go?
And what good would that do?!
My fingers were shaking as I pulled the masquerade mask up to my forehead, showing my face.
"Hello... Chief."
I was blushing from head to toe!
Now, with the mask resting on my forehead, I really was nude before him!
I blushed even harder, covering my tits with my arms, turning my hips a little to the side to cover my shaved pussy.
Talbot was shaking his head, halfway between a laugh and a frown. "Susan Duncan... my Lord and Stars I never expected you to... well, you folks certainly went all out didn't you?"
Bethany laughed. "It was Joe's idea at first. He wanted to give you a special send off for your 65th. I put the call out at the country club for ladies who might help spice things up and Susan jumped at the chance!" Bethany put an arm around my shoulders as if we were fast friends. "Didn't you Susan?"
I was dying, my face fully red as Commissioner Talbot looked my naked body up and down again!
I wanted to die!
But I was going to kill Bethany first!
"Yes," I gulped. "That's what happened."
"I set up the cake, but I never expected her to come out fullynude!" Bethany laughed. "I thought maybe a bikini, or some tassels on her tits, but she went the full monty! Isn't shesucha good sport?!"
The chief chuckled, still looking my exposed, naked body over. "She, ah, certainly is." He raised an eyebrow at me. "But maybe just a bikini would be more appropriate next time, Susan? This was amixedcrowd, after all."
Oh god, I was so humiliated!
How could I see him again after this!?
"Yes sir! I'm sorry sir!"
Bethany laughed, raising her phone again. "Okay- one quick picture and we can all head back to the party!"
Both the Commissioner and I held up our hands. "No, that's not necessary, young lady-"
"It's for Susan's sake!" Bethany laughed. "She's never done something thiswild," she said, mocking me with her eyes, "so she wants to remember itforever! Right Sus?"
I swallowed.Oh god!
She turned to the man. "And no one can use it against you, Chief. It's your retirement party!"
"Well, I guess that's true," the old man laughed. "What are they going to do- fire me?" He shook his head and laughed as he got close for the picture. "Joe Rizzo, that old dog! And Susan Duncan- I never in amillionyears expected you two to- hah! That was quite a show out there!"
I was shivering as he put his arm on my nude waist again, right above my ass, as Bethany lined up the shot.
The Commissioner leaned in, speaking into my ear. "And sorry for before, Susan. If I had known it was you under that mask, I wouldn't have..."
What?
Grabbed my ass?
Mashed your face into my tits?
Spanked me so hard?
"Smile Susan!" Bethany commanded. "You'll remember this forever!"
Click!
I started to move away but she giggled. "Oh Susan, how about one with your foot up? And give him a little kiss? We know you love kissing cops."
Oh god!
Some of Talbot's men were sure to show him the pictures they had taken before, their hands on my ass, my fingers on their cock, giving me deep, mouth-to-mouth kisses while other cops cheered us on!
What would Talbot think of me then???
Heart pounding, insides tumbling, I raised my foot like a good girl and gave the police commissioner a kiss on the cheek, while my new blackmailer laughed and took another picture.
***
Right after Commissioner Talbot left, Joe entered the room, as I was considering throwing myself out his picture window.
Now the Chief knew!
This was hopeless!
Joe was bad enough, but with Bethany blackmailing me too-
But it was only a first story picture window, not the most effective way to kill myself.
"Talbot knows, by the way," Bethany told Joe, as he closed the door. "About Susan's real identity. The little slut just couldn't keep her mask on around him."
I started to scream. "That's not what happ-"
"One more WORD and that old man won't be the last person at this party I tell, Susan."
I froze.
No!
But Joe stiffened as well. "No one can know I'm involved in this," he growled. "She's my political opponent- that mask has to stay ON."
"Oh the Chief can keep a secret," Bethany laughed, reviewing the pictures on her phone. "He appreciated thebi-partisaneffort you two went to for his party."
Joe balled his fists. "This wasn't ourdeal, Bethany!"
She laughed. "What are you going to do, Joe? Go to the police?"
He balled his fists again, then backed down.
She was right, he had nothing on her.
Bethany had outmaneuvered us all!
My heart was still pounding, trying to understand what this all meant.
"Please, Bethany, you can't keep telling people in town- you'll ruin my life!"
Joe stepped forward too. "And I need her mask to stay ON. At least until after the election!"
"Oh Joe Joe Joe," Bethany laughed, coming over to me in her shimmering, expensive party dress. "You can do whatever you want with our girl at your evening political events. But during the day, she's mine. That was our deal."
What?! NO!
I couldn't!
She patted my cheek, even though she had to look up to do it. "Noon tomorrow. Country club showers. Just as naked as you are now. I'm going to show those old biddies what a dirty horny slut youreallyare."
I nearly started bawling, imagining how Bethany would humiliate me with her new leverage.
In public.
"Bethany! You can't! You can't!"
She laughed, drinking in my fear. "See Joe? What did I tell you?" She pulled the masquerade mask off my head, yanking a few of my hairs out with it. "If you want to humiliate someoneproperly, you have to takeofftheir mask."
***END CHAPTER 5***