The Marriage Vows
'So, what is your take on it, Lara?' I asked the doe eyed young woman standing next to me in her kitchen.
'My take on what?'
'Should a wife obey her husband or not?' I replied.
'Well if she promised to do so, then I guess she should.' Lara answered in a small voice.
I was there as a guest at the dinner party that she, and her husband Robert, had organised for some friends and business colleagues. During dinner earlier, there had been a discussion round the table on the subject of the wedding vows that require a wife to love, honour and obey her husband. Most of the women present were adamant that this vow of obedience was a relic of the past and had no place in a modern marriage. The men mostly agreed, but I suspect that some did so only to please their wives.
'So you do whatever Robert tells you then?' I asked with a smile.
'Yes I do.' She answered with downcast eyes.
'And do you always do what you are told?'
'Mostly' she whispered.
I had observed Lara's compliant demeanour at other social gatherings like this in the past, which indicated she was a submissive. So in my semi-inebriated state I thought this was as good an opportunity as any to check if this was so.
I dared to ask 'Do you like being told what to do Lara?'
She nodded silently with downcast eyes, as her face went bright red.
Taking a huge risk now, I moved closer and bent to whisper in her ear, 'Lara, I want you to go to the bathroom, remove your panties, then return and discreetly hand them to me.'
As I straightened, she raised her head and stared at me wide eyed in stunned silence, then turned and walked out of the kitchen without saying a word.
'Shit, I've made a huge mistake' I thought, and cursed myself, and the wine I had consumed, for the impulse that had prompted me to say that to her. I half expected her husband to come barging in at any moment to demand an apology or even to attack me, but nothing of the sort happened.
I waited in the kitchen, listening to the buzz of conversation and laughter emanating from the dining room but after a while Lara had not returned, so I went and joined the others at the dining table.
'What the fuck was I thinking' I silently berated myself as I sat down, appalled at my own behaviour towards our hostess, who also happened to be the wife of my business partner.
'You are a total shit.' I told myself in disgust, while trying to force a smile and pretend to re-engage in the conversation around the table.
Lara eventually appeared and took her seat at the table, and although she seemed quite composed, I noticed she avoided eye contact with me, which was hardly surprising under the circumstances.
Much later on, my wife Helen glanced at her wristwatch and exclaimed. 'Good Lord, look at the time, we must leave soon as we have an early start. Our son is moving out tomorrow and we have offered to help him.'
Her remark prompted a further discussion about children leaving home and flying the nest, which delayed our departure somewhat. The party began to break up at this point anyway, so we all trooped into the hallway to retrieve our coats and scarves. Each of us guests thanked our hosts for a wonderful evening and shook hands or kissed our fellow guests as they departed.
Lara came over to me as I put on my coat, then as I bent to kiss her proffered cheek she whispered, 'Look in your coat pocket.' then stepped away with a shy smile.
My wife had agreed to drive us home, so on the journey I slipped a hand into my coat pocket and my heart leapt as I felt a panty-sized piece of material inside. I realised then that Lara had obeyed my instruction to bring me her panties after all. 'Wow' I silently yelled, as my mind conjured up images of Lara submitting to my every perverted whim.
When we got home and whilst Helen was in the bathroom preparing for bed, I took the opportunity to examine the panties in detail. They were made of a black lacy material and had not been worn recently. So I guessed that Lara had selected them from her underwear drawer and slipped them into my coat pocket in the hall, while I was waiting in the kitchen for her return.
I should introduce myself at this point I suppose. My name is Henri - of French/Irish parentage and married to Helen who is English. We are both in our late forties, have one son and we live in an affluent leafy suburb of Bristol in England. I am a senior partner in the software development company that Lara's husband, Robert and I, established after we both graduated from Oxford University.
A few days after the house party, I had almost forgotten the panty incident, when I received an email that read, 'Did you find the item you requested in your pocket? L.'
I was puzzled at first, then as I stared at the words on the screen I began to realise what the message referred to, so I also knew who had sent it. My heart was thumping as I typed my reply, 'Many thanks for your message L, also for the article you mentioned. Please let me know when you are available to meet, as I would like to discuss the matter with you in more detail.'
She replied within the hour in an email that read 'I will be sitting on a bench seat by the pond in the local park at 3.00pm on Thursday next, if that suits you?'
'That suits me fine, but be aware that I will expect to be handed your (warm) panties this time.' I replied.
She answered 'Ha ha, I'll have to think about that.'
Thursday afternoon was warm and sunny which was ideal for a jog, so donning track- suit and trainers I headed out for the park. I timed my run so I was passing the pond area around 3.00pm, where I saw Lara sitting on one of the bench seats as she had suggested.
She looked very attractive in a pretty floral summer dress and her blond hair that lay loose on her shoulders. She saw me too and waved as I approached.
'Hello, well what a coincidence to meet you here' I said loudly for the benefit of anyone nearby. 'Would you mind if I join you?'
'Please do' she replied as I went to sit beside her.
'Well Lara we meet alone at last.' I said.
'Yes we do, but I worry that we might be seen together.'
'Let's make the most of it then, and before we go any further, I believe there is a little task I asked you to perform for me?'
Her face reddened as she gazed at me with her soft brown eyes. 'But this is a public park, surely you are not serious?' she replied.
'Oh but I am.'
The park bench she had chosen was screened from behind by a laurel hedge, and was only partly visible from the pond area. Lara now nervously looked around to see if anyone was watching while I stood in front to screen her. Then she stood up, raised her skirt and quickly slipped down her panties before sitting down again.
'Is this what you wanted?' she said shyly as she handed them to me.
'Yes, to begin with' I replied as I felt the warmth of her body in the panties I held in my hands.
'So this is only the beginning?' She queried.
'Yes it is Lara, and if you are to be my submissive you must obey me. Do you agree to be my submissive?' I asked.
'Yes I will be your submissive, but be aware that my need is mostly cerebral and just because I fantasise about being submissive, it does not imply that I want to have sex with you. I am a married woman after all, even though my husband is unable to fulfil my desire to be dominated.' She said in a small voice.
'I quite agree that submission and domination can be cerebral and very exciting' I said. 'But I will also expect visual and tactile stimulation from time to time.'
'Well as it happens I do have an exhibitionist streak in me, so we might be well suited in our individual needs.' She said smiling.
'Well this is as good a place as any to test that out, so sit back, open your legs and show me your pussy.' I demanded, as her eyes opened wide in surprise.
She nervously looked around while I got down to sit cross-legged on the grass in front of her. Then she sat back and hesitantly lifted her legs to place her feet on the edge of the seat. This action raised the hem of her skirt and lifted her bottom a little also. Now with flushed cheeks, she slowly opened her legs to give me a clear view of her pussy as instructed. I was surprised, and pleased, to see that her pussy was hairless, and wondered if she had shaved it for the occasion.
'Is that what you wanted to see?' She whispered as her cheeks reddened further.
I gazed at her smooth cunt for some time then said. 'Good girl, now come and stand over me, as I want to look up your skirt.'
Lara rose immediately, looked all around again then came to stand above me, as I sat on the ground. Now she slowly raised the hem of her dress and opened her legs wide to give me a full view up her skirts. This lewd display seemed to excite her as much as it did me, judging by the moisture seeping from her pussy that betrayed her state of arousal.
She now surprised me further by using her fingers to stroke her swollen clit, then to plunge two fingers into her cunt as I watched. I could hear the slurping noise that her busy fingers made as they slipped in and out of her moist opening. My cock was standing at full attention and I had to fight the urge to touch her exposed pussy, as I didn't want to scare her with my eagerness.
Instead I opened my tracksuit fly and took out my rampant cock to openly masturbate as I watched Lara jilling herself to orgasm. We both came almost at the same time, and not a moment too soon, as I could see a couple of joggers approaching in the distance. Now we hastened to straighten our clothing then sat down on the bench until they went past.
'Didn't you just say that you only wanted cerebral stimulation?' I asked jokingly.
'I did but I got carried away with the sheer naughtiness of it all and anyway I didn't hear you complain.' She replied with a laugh, then added, 'and when do I get my panties back?
'When you bring me another warm one.' I replied with a smile.
'I must get home now as Robert will be back soon.' She said, as we both stood and I stuffed her panties into the pocket of my tracksuit.
'Till next time then' I said then we kissed and parted to go our separate ways.
My work schedule often took me away from the office to visit clients in order to discuss their software requirements. About a week after my liaison with Lara, I returned from one such trip to find a note on my desk from Robert inviting me to join him for drinks at his home. This was unusual for him, and made me wonder if he somehow suspected my involvement with his wife.
I thought no more about it until I duly arrived at Robert and Lara's house at the appointed time and rang the doorbell. The door was soon opened by Robert saying, 'Come in Henri, so glad you could come.'
'It's always a pleasure Robert.' Said I, as he led the way to the lounge then set about preparing drinks for us both. I noticed there was no sign of Lara, so I assumed that she was out for the evening.
We sat for a while with our drinks making shop talk while I wondered where this was leading. There came a pause in our conversation, and at this point Robert cleared his throat and said 'There is something that I want to discuss with you Henri which, is why I invited you here tonight.' I remained silent as he rose to replenish our glasses.
When he sat down again he casually remarked 'Lara and I have no secrets from each other, so I am fully aware of the arrangement you have made between you.'
I gawped at him in shock as I felt my face turn red.
'Oh don't worry I'm not going to attack you, in fact you are doing me a favour as I am unable to meet her needs in that department.' he added with a smile.
'Are you telling me that you approve? I asked uncertainly.
'Yes, I am.'
'So what happens now?
'Well if you agree, I would like you to meet here for your little sessions together, and for me to be present when you do.' Said Robert.
'Have you discussed this with Lara?
'I have, and she is quite happy with that arrangement if you are.'
'So you would not object to me playing with your wife while you watch us? I asked incredulously.
'Not at all, in fact it would be my fantasy come true.' He replied.
'I must confess to being very surprised, as I never envisioned this might happen.'
'Well do you agree to my proposal or not? He asked.
'If Lara is happy with it, then my answer is yes.' I replied.
'That's settled then, and here's to some mutually exciting sessions for us all in the future.' Said Robert as he raised his glass.
At this point I heard the door open as Lara stepped into the room, dressed in an outfit that immediately made my cock stiffen in my trousers. Christ, but this was becoming evermore surreal I thought to myself.
She was wearing a white blouse that emphasised her erect nipples and firm breasts that stretched the silky material. She also wore a very short black skirt, nylon stockings and black high heels. The blond ponytail, bright red lipstick and black neck choker that signified her submissive status, completed the provocative ensemble.
Things were moving so fast now that I began to wonder if this was just an erotic dream that I would wake from at any moment.
'I've been a very naughty girl because I was listening at the door.' Said Lara quietly with eyes downcast.
It suddenly dawned on me that they had choreographed this between them in advance, and that I was being invited to take part in their role-play. I chose to do so, and to emphasise my dominant role, I immediately rose to stand at my full six-foot height.
'You know that naughty girls get punished don't you? I said sternly.
'I do Sir.' Lara replied, in a little girl's voice.
'Parade around the room for me now, you naughty girl' I demanded.
She immediately began pacing up and down the room with her eyes still downcast.
'Now raise your skirt and tuck it into your waistband, then continue.'
Lara's naked bottom and pussy came into view when she raised her skirt and continued to parade as instructed. I noticed that her face was now quite flushed and her breathing had become ragged from the exciting humiliation of exposing herself.
I also noticed that Robert was stroking his cock through his trousers, as he sat watching his wife being dominated by another man.
After several minutes I said, 'Lara, come and bend over this armchair and push your bottom out.'
'Yes Sir.' She meekly replied, as she came to the armchair, gracefully laid her torso over the seat back and pushed out her shapely bottom.
'SMACK.' The room reverberated to the sound of my palm as I spanked her soft bottom.
'Oh' she moaned and jerked from the force of it.
'SMACK, SMACK, SMACK.' Each spank elicited yet more moans and a jerk from her each time.
'I'm sorry that I was so naughty Sir.' She panted between spanks.
Her bottom was by now a deep shade of pink, and felt hot to the touch. The tendrils of heat from her scorched bottom had spread to her delicate orifices and made her squirm and thrust her bottom out in wanton lust. Further proof of her arousal was evident from the copious amount of pussy juice that exuded from her exposed cunt.
At this point Robert jumped up, crossed the room, and pushed me out of the way as he tore open his trousers in a frenzy. Now positioning himself behind Lara, he quickly took out his cock and plunged it deep inside her pouting wet cunt. I watched them fucking furiously for several minutes until Lara's screams, soon followed by Robert's loud grunts, announced they both had come in delightful orgasms.
I was stunned and furious at being used as their 'warm up' tool. So I angrily stormed out of the house without a word, and drove off with my wheels spraying their gravel in all directions.
Early next morning, I was in my office when Robert knocked and walked in. Then, closing the door behind him, he turned to face me, looking very sheepish.
'I'm so sorry about last night Henri and I fully understand why you were so upset, but Lara and I want to make it up to you, if you will let us please? He said contritely.
'What do you have in mind? I replied with a sneer.
To my surprise he said 'I want to offer my wife, so you can Dom and fuck her whenever you want to.'
'And has she agreed to this arrangement? I asked in amazement.
'She has, and she is willing to be available, anytime you want her.'
'And would you expect to be present to watch us? I asked.
'Not if you prefer to meet her alone.' He replied.
'Give me time to think this through.' I said as I pretended to mull over his extraordinary offer.
Eventually I said 'Call Lara now and let me speak to her first.'
He immediately took out his phone to make the call then handed it to me.
'Hello Lara, I am with Robert in my office just now and we are discussing an offer that he tells me you are party to. Can you confirm that you agree to the arrangement he is proposing between us?
'Oh Henri, we are so sorry about upsetting you last night, and to make up for it we decided that I should make myself available to you, any time you want.' She said.
'We decided?'
'Well actually I decided myself, as I so enjoyed what you did to me last night, and how horny it made me feel. Indeed my bottom is still sore.' She replied with a laugh.
'So are you both asking me to come over for a repeat of last night's performance, but without Robert being there?
'Yes we are, and you can fuck me too if you want to, Sir.' She whispered.
'Well, it would be churlish of me to refuse such an offer from a lady, so of course I would be very happy to oblige.' I laughed.
'And does that mean you will come and see to me very often, Sir?' She asked impishly.
'Yes I do intend to see to you often, but I will decide when.' I replied with a stern voice.
'Of course Sir.' She said, in a little girl's voice then she added 'I can't wait, but please let me know when you are coming so I can get myself ready for you.'
'I will discuss that with Robert, but for now I'll hand you back to him.'
'Thank you Sir, and goodbye for now.' She said.
'Goodbye Lara' I said as I handed the phone back to Robert.
The End.
Please scroll down and leave feedback by clicking on a rating star and/or make a comment.