Author's note: This is the first part of a five-part series. This story is told from Aman's perspective. I consider this series a love story (polyamory), although it has a strong group sex theme. If polyamory doesn't excite you, I urge you not to waste your time.
All the characters are 18+ and the author urges consent and safe sex to all readers.
-------
Even after years of marriage, Aman still lusted over Ananya's ass. Ananya, being an exhibitionist, hardly wears a stitch of cloth when they are alone in their house. Some might think Aman would have gotten used to her nakedness, but it was quite the opposite. Aman felt like he would get health issues given he is always stiff when home.
Sometimes she wears a long t-shirt when someone rings the bell. Aman wonders if any of their neighbors know Ananya was naked underneath the t-shirts.
Today, Ananya was preparing breakfast wearing only an apron. Aman admired her naked bottom illuminated by the morning sun. Her beautiful ass was as beautiful as the first time he saw her.
Aman's mind drifted off to his college days.
---------------------------
Aman woke up from deep sleep. He was facing the dorm window he shared with his roommate, Aditya. Although it was the middle of the night, the room was not completely dark. The streetlights illuminated the room.
There was a faint sound of a woman moaning coming from Aditya's bed. Aman's nostrils picked up a new fragrance, but he couldn't identify it.
"He must be watching porn again," Aman cursed to himself. He turned to shout at Aditya to plug his headphones, jerk off, and let him sleep in peace. He hoped he didn't have to see Aditya's erect penis again.
The image in front of Aman froze him speechless. A fully naked girl was lying on Aditya's bed. Aditya had his head between her legs. It appeared he was fingering the girl as well. The girl was moaning loud. Her spine raised, her head held back. Aman studied her face: her eyes closed, her lips agape, her beautiful nostrils flaring up and down with her breath. Her slender hands held Aditya's hair as he was eating her pussy. Aman studied her perky boobs with a dark aureole and an erect nipple.
The girl's hips rhythmically swayed as Aditya was eating her out. Aman understood the source of the new fragrance: it was the smell of her sex. Aman wished it was him who was lapping up her juices. He wondered if he could make the girl go crazy, having no experience of his own.
The girl's breathing increased and her back arched. She let a loud moan and shuddered. The orgasm lasted at least half a minute. Aman studied the girl's face as each wave of orgasm rippled through her body.
The girl opened her eyes and looked directly into Aman's eyes. He felt that she was putting on a show for him. He wondered if he could ever orgasm in front of others as comfortable as the girl. The girl seductively looked into Aman's eyes, bit her lower lips, and grabbed Aditya's hair.
She pushed Aditya onto the bed and slowly kissed her way from Aditya's lips. The girl hungrily peeled off Aditya's shirt. As she planted kisses from his neck to his chest and abdomen, her hands unbuckled his jeans. She pulled the jeans and his boxer shorts in one go. Aditya was butt naked sporting a giant boner.
The girl looked into Aman's eyes as she kissed Aditya's penis. She gently licked the tip causing Aditya to groan.
The girl knelt and took Aditya's penis in her mouth. Aditya was groaning in pleasure. She positioned herself facing away from Aman.
Aman had an unobstructed view of the girl's ass. There was no doubt that the girl was putting on a show for Aman to watch. Aman felt his dick could burst at any point. Aman didn't dare touch his penis concerned that he may explode with a mere touch.
Aman studied the girl's naked derriere. She had a slightly darker skin tone around her puckered asshole. Aman was tempted to go and kiss her beautiful asshole. Aman's eyes drifted to her beautiful slit. Her pussy lips were puffed because of the recent orgasm. Aman wanted to slide his tongue on her pussy lips and taste her fluids.
Aditya pulled the girl and kissed her. She climbed on him and slid his penis inside her. Her boobs bounced with each hump. She turned to look into Aman's eyes as she rode him.
Satisfied with the lust in Aman's eyes, she decided to tilt it up a notch. She pushed Aditya a little bit and climbed on him in the reverse cowgirl position. She locked into Aman's eyes, held onto Aditya's dick at the entrance to her vagina, and slowly lowered herself. She did it slowly so that Aman could see Aditya's dick slowly slide inside her. She grabbed her nipples and pinched them making her nipples stand erect.
As Aditya got more excited, he rammed into her. The girl was moaning loud.
She air-kissed Aman and gestured for him to jerk off. Aman slipped his dick out, jerked a couple of times, and exploded. His dick pulsated hard, spewing cum on the space between their beds. The last two spurts landed on his bedsheet.
Aditya repositioned her and rode her in missionary style. Aman watched the girl orgasm for the second time that day. The orgasm made Aditya pick up speed. Aman watched his roommate's hairy ass muscles tighten as he exploded inside her. The couple hugged and slept. Aman slipped off to deep sleep with his deflated dick out.
Aman woke up the next morning to the sound of the shower. He was sporting a massive boner. He quickly tucked his penis into his boxers.
The sight of the naked girl did not help either. She had one of her legs resting on a pillow. This gave Aman an unobstructed view of her intimate details.
Aman stood up to get a better view. He saw a line of dried cum from her pussy to her asshole. He saw dried cum on the sheets, a remnant of the last night's lovemaking. Aman wanted to slide behind her and slide his penis inside her welcoming pussy.
Aman was taken aback by an arm over his shoulders shaking him back to reality. Aditya stood next to him draped with a towel around his waist.
Aditya looked down at Aman's straining dick and said, "Someone is excited by my naked girl. She is beautiful, isn't she?"
Aditya went to the bed and smacked her butt hard. The girl woke up with a shrill cry rubbing her ass where his roommate smacked her. She yelled at Aditya, "You fucker, I will bite your penis off next time when you sleep."
She didn't mind her naked state, sauntered towards Aman, and hugged him friendly. She said, "Hi, I am Ananya, you must be Aman. Aditya never told me how cute you are," and kissed his cheeks.
Both the guys were transfixed by the beautiful ass swaying as she walked to the washroom.
-------------
Aman was brought back to reality by a naked Ananya, just ten years older, sitting on his lap and kissing him gently. Her hands wandered to his pants and felt his straining boner. Her eyes went wide, "What made Mr. Peepee get very excited?"
She fished Aman's penis out of his shorts. Her naked pussy leaked juices on his shaft as she rubbed on him. She held his penis on her welcoming entrance and slid it in.
Aman let out a loud moan. He said, "Do you remember the first time I met you?"
Ananya's cheeks blushed pink and she hugged him. She felt herself leak at the mention. She whispered, "Yeah, Aditya fucked my brains out."
Her breathing increased, and she started riding him fast and cummed.
Aman said, "I was a virgin then, and you willing put a show," and continued, "I still remember the day moment by moment. You were beautiful like an angel."
Ananya bit his ears and said, "Well, I fantasized how it would be if you got up and put yours inside my ass as I rode Aditya."
Aman was ramming into her pussy now and exploded his seed inside her. He kissed her lips and said, "I love you dear!"
She replied, "Awww. I love you too," and asked, "Can we invite Aditya and Priya next weekend?"
Aman looked into her big pretty eyes as she waited for a reply. Aman yielded to her request, "Why do you even ask?"
Ananya jumped excitedly.
To be continued.