"Are you ok with me sharing these with Daneisha?"
"Not only am I ok with it. I'm kind of turned on by it. Let me know what she thinks," Mary asked.
"I already know. She is going to LOVE them!"
We cleaned up, went out to dinner and continued to get more comfortable with each other. I escorted Mary back to her car and had a long intimate hug before saying our final goodbyes of the day.
I went back up to the room. Uploaded the pictures and videos to cloud storage. Mapped a link of the evidence and texted it to Daneisha.
Five minutes later she replied.
"OH MY FUCKING GOD!!"
One minute later she called.
"Who's the lucky girl?" Daneisha asked.
"You are," I replied.
"No, I mean...oh yeah I guess I am. Thank you. But, who is she?"
"Her name is Mary."
"Do you know her from work? Why haven't you mentioned her to me before?" Daneisha peppered me.
"I met her online. I had been hoping this situation might make itself possible. I know that your biggest fantasy is to, and I quote, 'see your dick in and out of another wet pussy would drive me crazy!' So, are you feeling a little crazy?"
"My panties are soaked; and I have only seen a little bit. I'm not going to get any sleep tonight," Daneisha huffed.
"You're welcome," I joked.
"What do you mean online?" Daneisha asked.
"I posted on Craigslist looking for an African American Women that wouldn't mind hanging out with a naked white guy," I joked.
"You serious?"
"Yep, I had hoped that it would eventually lead to what happened. But, It went there real quick on our first meeting. I was a bit shocked," I confessed.
"Does she know that you are showing them to me?"
"Yes, she gave me her consent. When I first told her I would like to do that, she was pretty wary. But, by the end of the evening she was turned on by the idea."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure. She wants to know what you think," I said.
"I will let you know in the morning. I've got some serious work to do," Daneisha joked.
"Don't let me keep you. I'm going to sleep. Comforted in the thought that you are busy pleasing yourself to me."
"John you have no idea. I have never been this wet and horny before," Daneisha gushed.
"Daneisha?"
"Yes."
"I Love You."
"I Love You Too. Thank you for making this a reality. Now I want to see it in person."
"We'll see about that maybe. Good night Beautiful."
"Good night Boo."
I quickly drifted off to sleep. I was so tired that the draw of sleep was greater than imagining Daneisha with tablet in one hand and bringing herself off with the other.
The next morning I woke up, my dick slightly sore from the previous days activities. Its that good kind of sore that makes you smile and reminisce. I checked my phone and saw a message from Daneisha from a few hours previous.
Daneisha: My pussy is so sore. I have never come that many times in one night. Thank You John.
Me: You're welcome. It was my pleasure...lol. Get some rest. Love You.
I got up. Showered. Ate breakfast and turned into a teenager. I began an internal debate as to when I should I reach out to Mary. What should I say? Should I be funny? Should I be suggestive? I went back and forth over breakfast and my return trip from the hotel back home. I debated for the next couple of hours.
Finally, Mary beat me to the punch with the perfect text.
Mary: WYD
I paused and laughed out loud. Impressed with her no nonsense straight forward approach.
Me: Just recuperating...lol.
Mary: Lol. Yeah me too. I hope I wasn't too hard on you yesterday.
Me: You were absolutely PERFECT in every way!
Mary: Thanks. You and your cock were pretty awesome yesterday. I can still feel you.
Me: Mmmm. Nice. You are starting to make me hard again.
Mary: Wish I was there. I can't wait to get together again.
Me: Me too. When?
Mary: This coming Saturday? My place?
Me: I would Love that!
Mary: Cool. Can I ask a favor?
Me: Anything.
Mary: Could you please hold off having an orgasm till then?
Me: That will be a little difficult, but I will gladly hold off for you.
Mary: Thanks. I want you to save it all for me. I want all of your cum!
Me: Oh shit. I am rock hard now.
Mary: Text me a pic please.
Me: Gladly.
I took a quick picture and texted it to Mary.
Mary: Nice. I can't wait to play with you again. Tease you. Make you shoot a big load for me. Fuck I'm so hot thinking about you coming just for me.
Me: You are making it awful tough to keep my promise right now.
Mary: Stroke it for me John. Just don't cum. That's all for me.
Me: Btw, Daneisha Loved the pics and video. She was up late last night pleasuring herself. Said she had not cum that many times in one night.
Mary: Oh wow! I am so wet and horny knowing that! John, I have to go and make myself cum. Please save me all of your cum! Bye.
Me: I will. Chat with you later.
My cock would not go down for the next couple of hours knowing that Daneisha had been pleasuring herself to us and now Mary was working her pussy to that also. Keeping my promise not to cum this week was going to be pretty tough.
I couldn't stop thinking about Daneisha and Mary for the rest of the day. My balls were already starting to ache. But I kept my promise, barely.
The next day I was back at work. I was so distracted by the past weekends events and constant thoughts about Daneisha and Mary pleasuring themselves. I was worthless.
Mid afternoon I got a text from Mary.
Mary: Please text me another pic of your hard white cock. This time include your handsome face in the picture.
Me: I'm not sure I feel comfortable doing that .
Mary: Please. Trust me.
Me: Mmmmmmm.
Mary: John. Trust me.
Me: I'm at work right now. I will send one when I get home.
Mary: I need a picture of you NOW!
Me: Ok. Give me a moment. Let me close and lock my office door.
Mary: NO WAIT!! Don't lock the door.
Me: I can't do that. I might get caught. I don't want to lose my job.
Mary: Are you hard right now?
Me: Very.
Mary: Do it. Do it for me. I know it's making you even harder and more turned on. Do it quickly.
Me: Damn you Mary!
I got up and closed my door. My cock obscenely hard in my pants. I'm fortunate that my office is off the beaten path. I felt relatively safe that no one would come there. I quickly sat at my desk. My heart beating wildly in my chest. My cock was so hard it was difficult to get out of my pants.
Moving quickly I put my phone in selfie mode and lined it up close to my cock angling up to also capture my face. I took a few quick shots. Placed the phone on my desk and started to put my cock back in my pants. Of course, a knock rapped on my door. With my pants still partially undone and my cock throbbing hard and excited, I scooted my chair under my desk and said, "Come in."
Of all the luck it was Natalie one of our Admins. I looked at my phone that was face up, still lit up with a picture of my cock. I quickly grabbed it and flipped it over. Natalie did not seem to notice. Fortunately, I happened to have a stack of papers in front of me and I feigned looking them over.
"Hey Natalie. What's up?"
"I just wanted to bring you these expense vouchers to sign. Are you ok? You don't look so good," she said looking concerned.
"Yeah, just running a little warm. You by the way look on point as always."
My cock was throbbing underneath the desk. My erection not going down at all. It was getting more intense with Natalie in the room. My face was flush. Heart pounding.
"John, you big flirt. Here, sign these."
Natalie handed me the collection of receipts. Our hands touching. I was so turned on and hard by the situation. My cock throbbing out in the open underneath my desk. I was fighting the urge to come right there in front of Natalie without touching myself. I quickly signed and handed them back.
"Thanks John."
"Thank you Natalie. Always good to see you."
"Do you want me to leave the door open or closed?"
"Open please. Thanks again."
Natalie left and I waited a few seconds to put my hard cock back properly in my pants. Looked through the pics and decided on one to send to Mary. With as quickly as I took them, I got lucky with one good shot. The particular angle made me look larger than normal. Off it went to Mary.
Mary: Oh my God you look huge. So nice and big for me.
Me: All yours Mary. By the way someone came to my office right after that shot and I did not have a chance to put him away completely. Almost caught me.
Mary: Male or female?
Me: Female.
Mary: Were you excited.
Me: Petrified with fear and my cock was hard and almost came on its own.
Mary: OMG that is so fucking hot! Mmmm, I almost wished you would have cum for her, but I'm glad you didn't. God, I want all of your cum!
Me: I can't wait for Saturday.
Mary: Since you trusted me and texted me that beautiful big cock. Here's your reward.
Mary texted me one of the photo's she took of her sucking my cock from Saturday.
Me: I'm not going to make it to Saturday...lol.
Mary: Save me your cum. I got to have all of it.
Me: Yes Maam.
Mary: Good boy!
I was never this electrically charged up sexually before in my life. I prayed that I would make it to Saturday.
Me: I've got to get to a meeting. Thank you for the distraction today.
Mary: Chat with you later. I want all of your cock and cum.
I went to my meeting. I could 't get Mary off my mind. My cock firm underneath the table. I could not pay complete attention. My balls feeling heaving with anticipation that seemed to grow stronger with each passing moment. Sparking adrenaline into my system. My heart quickening. Saturday. Saturday. Saturday.
I finished my day and returned home. I still could not get Mary off my mind and our upcoming Saturday. The anticipation and pressure building. An energy building and consuming my body. It reminded me when I was younger. I loved to edge my cock for hours on end. Even days. Relishing in the building tension. That final release completely overpowering my whole body. It is no exaggeration that I prided myself on the lengths at which my ejaculate would escape my body. Ten ropes of pure ecstasy. The first explosion easily covering more than eight feet. Here I am again, those same feelings and experiences on a slightly different level. Hoping I can match that same level of performance from my youth.
The next day was much the same. The tension had seemed to ease over the night's course of sleep. But the brain kicked back in and brought that tension back even stronger. I was doubting if I could make it to Saturday.
Work went without incident. Mary and my cock dominating my thoughts.
That evening Mary texted.
Mary: I need another pic of your hard cock.
Me: Easy. I'm constantly horny and hard thanks to you. Any requests?
Mary: Yes. I NEED a pic of your perfect hard white cock dripping pre-cum.
Me: Fuck Mary, you are killing me.
Mary: Do it John!
Me: Give me a moment. It shouldn't take long...lol.
It didn't take long. I was so turned on, pre-cum was flowing from the head, dripping down to my torso. I am so tempted to share that picture in this story.
I texted the shot to Mary.
Mary: I am simply at a loss for words. Let me text you back in a little bit. I have to take care of something very urgent.
Thirty minutes later she texted back of photo of the index and middle finger of her right hand. Covered in the juices from an obvious orgasm. The fluids of her orgasm stringing between them.
Mary: We need to taste each other.
Me: Mary, my body is on fire. You are going to get it.
Mary: You better. But don't you dare cum till I say you can. Control it baby. Cause you're going to give all of it to me.
Me: This is torture.
Mary: Sweet torture! Do you know that I have been taking extra panties to work, because by lunchtime I have to change them from being soaked thinking about your big beautiful cock. Then change them again once I get home. That's torture. And I love it...lol.
Me: Glad to know that I am having an effect on your as well.
Mary: I am always wet and horny. I look at pics of your cock all day long.
Me: I am blushing and hard as a rock...lol.
Mary: As for this Saturday, I have been planning and preparing quite a bit.
Me: Care to share.
Mary: Nope. Just prepare to be surprised, teased and ready to give me a lot of cum.
Me: You have been priming my pump pretty good all week for that.
Mary: I can't wait. Thank you for a beautiful and intense orgasm tonight.
Me: Anytime.
Mary: I like the sound of that. I'm going to hold you to it.
Me: I always keep my promises. Goodnight.
Mary: Goodnight.
The next day at work around noon, I couldn't resist texting Mary.
Me: Been looking at my cock lately?
Mary: Yes. All morning and fingering my pussy at my desk. That guy at work I told you about.
Me: Yes.
Mary: He stood and talked to me while I fingered my pussy underneath my desk.
Me: So who's the exhibitionist now?
Mary: You're a bad influence.
Me: Do you think he could smell your pussy?
Mary: Oh God, I hope so. Between the two of you I'm constantly wet.
Me: You're welcome!
Mary: Are you still saving your cum for me?
Me: As difficult as it may be, yes.
Mary: Good. I can't wait for you to give me all your cum. I have been fucking my pussy raw thinking about owning your cock! I can't wait to watch you explode and show you what you have been doing to me.
Me: Mary you are killing me!
Mary: Good. Save it for me! I got to have it. Just another day then your cock and cum are all mine!
Me: Bye Tease!
Mary: You're welcome...lol!
I was dying to cum. My thoughts were constantly on Mary. Was I really having this constant effect on her as well? That question kept me in that constant cycle of arousal. My endorphins keeping me on a never ending rush of electricity. My cock almost always at least semi-erect. Even urinating was a pleasurable experience. Saturday could not come quick enough.
Friday night Mary texted me her address. It was a neighborhood in suburban north St. Louis county. I was familiar with it having grown up in that area. Now, a 30 minute drive for me. Once again, we settled on "noonish."
The following day, I got up early and groomed myself like my life depended on it. My excitement building by the minute. I set off and arrived at Mary's a little after 12:00. Mary's house was on a Cul de Sac with seven other homes. Hers being along the circle portion of the street. I parked in front and made my way to her door.
There was a full glass storm door and the front door behind it was open. I knocked and Mary came to the door shortly. Both of us grinning like anxious school kids. She invited me in and we held each other in a tight embrace. Neither one of us trying to break free from our hold of each other. It was so comfortable.
"Mmmm this feels good," I breathed.
"Yeah, we fit right," Mary responded.
"In more ways than one," I laughed.
Mary broke the embrace and swatted my shoulder.
"What are you waiting for. Get Naked. I've been waiting all week," she demanded and laughed.
I made a move to close the door.
"Oh no you don't mister! Leave the door open," she barked.
"But what about your neighbors seeing some strange naked white guy in your door?"
"All my neighbors are horny bitches. I want to make them jealous horny bitches," Mary laughed.
"Ok," I said sheepishly.
I slowed my pace. My face beginning to redden. Nervous that one of her neighbors would see me and freak out. But, my week long erection was winning out. It had been too long. I had been pent up all week. I really couldn't wait to get naked for Mary. Neighbors be damned. Mary stood ten feet from me and took it all in. I laid my clothes on a bench by the door. My cock already hard and waiting.
"Turn around and face out the door for my neighbors John."
I slowly turned as told. My embarrassment returning. Mary came up behind me and ran her hand over my ass. Then reaching around me with both hands began stroking my cock. Whispering in my ear, "Feels so good. I've been wanting to stroke your cock all week. Now I get to stroke it for my neighbors."
That caused me to spasm and jerk a little in her hand.
Mary laughed, "Oh you like that don't you? You want me to show my neighbors your big white cock?"
I could only groan as she stroked me back and forth. Stopping to grip my cock tightly so it would fill with blood and engorge. Mary looking around at it. "Oh Fuck I Love the look of that," she cooed.
This went on for a few minutes. Mary and me getting more involved and impassioned.
Mary stopped. "We need to slow down. We've got all day. Maybe all weekend," she laughed.
"Let's go into the kitchen back here."
Mary turned me around and led me by the cock into the back of her house where the kitchen looked out onto her private backyard.
We sat at her table. Mary made some tea and we talked.
"What would you like to do?" Mary asked.
"Other than the obvious. I am open for whatever you would like. I know that we talked a little bit about this in the coffee shop. I am really here at your disposal. I actually like to do laundry. And, I'm really strange, because I actually like to iron. I'm damn good at it too. I can be kind of a neat freak so I don't mind cleaning. All as long as I can remain nude of course."
Mary looked at me a little strangely.
"Oh, and most importantly, I LOVE TO COOK! I am an excellent cook. I would love to cook for you!"
"Now we're talking," Mary exclaimed. "What's your specialty?"
Just as I was about to answer, someone knocked on her door. I immediately got self conscious and reacted by covering myself even though it was in the front of the house.
Mary sat up and looked at me reassuringly. "Oh don't worry. I'm expecting FedEx," she laughed.
She got up to go to the door turned around. Looked at my cock and said, "that won't do."
She put her hand into her sweat pants and down into her pussy. Pulled out a very wet finger and rubbed it across my upper lip, immediately setting my senses on fire. "I expect that cock to be rock hard when I come back." And walked out the doorway. I was instantly hard. The beautiful smell of her pussy fueling an achingly hard cock. She could have taken an hour and I would have remained hard because of her scent.
A few minutes later I heard her making her way back to the kitchen. I couldn't wait to show her how hard her scent had made me. As she walked through the door, I was quickly shocked to see that Mary had changed into a FedEx uniform.
"WHAT THE FUCK," She screamed! And started to run back out.
Things were moving fast. My mind was also screaming "WHAT THE FUCK!". My cock went from full staff to retreating inside my body in two seconds flat. I moved to get behind a counter. My mind catching up with me; that wasn't Mary in the FedEx uniform. Now I could hear someone else laughing hysterically in the other room. The FedEx woman screaming "WHAT THE FUCK MARY!"
Mary was laughing and shoving Miss FedEx back through the door into the kitchen. Me, trying to hide behind the counter. The FedEx woman trying to get out of the room. Mary holding her tight moving her back into the kitchen. Me, looking like a deer in the headlights.
"Stop it Mary! Why are you doing this?"
"Shut up Jackie! I want you to meet my white boy," Mary got out while laughing. "Stop it Jackie!"
I just shut up and let it happen.
"John. Come over here," Mary intoned.
I hesitated as Mary struggled with Jackie, from FedEx.
"Now John!"
God I was embarrassed. What the hell was all this about. I slowly made my way away from behind the counter and halfway to Mary and her struggling dance partner from FedEx.
"John, this is my twin sister Jackie," Mary said. "Jackie, this is my naked, big dicked white boy, John," and laughed.
I stood there silently in shame with my cock a shadow of its former erect self.
Jackie stopped struggling and turned to get a better look at me. "Why Mary?"
"You know why Jackie. To embarrass you like you always embarrass me."
"And you'd do that to him too?"
"He likes it. He's just shocked right now. Give him a few minutes and he's going to be big and hard for you," Mary said proudly.
Mary was right; even in my embarrassment I started getting hard right in front of them.
"See there. Much better," Mary said enthusiastically.
I finally spoke up. "Why do you want to embarrass her Mary?"
"Shit, this bitch here is always embarrassing me with her crazy sexual exploits. Since we're twins we talk about everything. She will not stop about who she fucking. Where she fucking. This dick that dick. So I thought I would one up her."
"Bitch I only tease you with pictures. Now you got to go and show me in person. What the fuck's with that?"
"I had to one up you. Look at that big fucking white cock!"
"Jesus Mary you're crazy."
"Shut up. You've done crazier shit," Mary shot back.
"So this is how you introduce me to your man," Jackie asked?
"Oh he's not my man. He's my white boy," Mary laughed.
"White boy? What does that mean?"
"He gets naked for me and does whatever I want."
Jackie looked at her confused and then at me. I just nodded yes.
"Well motherfucker. Like what? You fucking?"
"Maybe."
Mary had a wicked look in her eye. Looked at me, laughed and said, "John I'd like you to fuck Jackie!"
"Ahh hell no. Stop it Mary." But, then even Jackie started to laugh. The tension finally starting to ease up completely in the room. "Besides, he's too thin for me."
Jackie's comment stung me a little since I have always been self conscious about not being very muscular.
"Shut up. You'd do anything with that big dick. How many dicks you had that big you slut?"
"Mmmmm, to be honest only one other," Jackie responded.
My confidence slowly returning. My cock getting even firmer.
"So really what do you two really do," Jackie asked?
"Well this is only the start of our second time together and we were discussing what to do when you so rudely interrupted us," Mary said.
"And what was that?" Jackie asked.
"John was just telling me he can cook his ass off and was about to tell me what he likes to cook," Mary said proudly looking at me.
"I do like to cook. I'm pretty good. I really love seeing people enjoy my cooking," I said.
"What do you like to cook?" Jackie asked.
"Barbecue is my specialty. I'm very serious about Barbecue. All Barbecue. I'm really a purist when it comes to Barbecue. Don't think I would be able to prove that to you today since that is an involved process and takes a bit of time to prepare. But, I would love to make that happen for you."
"What else are you going to cook to impress us out of our clothes?" Mary laughed.
"I like to cook a lot of things, but, I want to take your challenge seriously. I have a simple dish that I make, nothing fancy, but, I get A LOT of requests for it. You probably have most of the ingredients already. Do you have a grill outside?"
"Yes I do. And its private too so you damn well better grill naked," again Mary laughed.
"Perfect."
"Well what are you going to make?" Jackie asked.
"That's a surprise," I shot back.
"That's not fair. And I have to get back to work," Jackie cried.
"What time do you get off?"
"4:30. I could be back here about 5:00."
"Well Mary if its ok with you? We will probably need to run to the store for a few things. But, I really would love to cook for you both."
"Ok, but your mine white boy," Mary joked.
"You going to be ok with him while I'm gone Mary?" Jackie said half seriously half joking.
"Trust me, you should be asking him. I'm going to keep this Mother Fucker hard all Goddamn Day," Mary said cutting up with laughter.
"I bet you will. I'm out of here." Looking down at my hard cock, Jackie said "I will see you again at five."
Jackie made her exit and I started looking around Mary's kitchen for supplies and to make a list of what we needed.
After only a few minutes of research, I asked Mary "ok, let me make some pasta real quick. Then I hate to put some clothes on, but then we can run to the store for some supplies."
"Really? You are going to make pasta?"
"Yeah. It's easy. Flour, eggs, water, oil, love and a little rest. Watch."
I quickly got out the ingredients. Made a well of flour on her kitchen counter. Cracked a couple eggs, added some olive oil and added water as needed as I brought it together in front of her. Kneaded it until it came nicely together. Wrapped it in up in plastic and threw it in the fridge.
"Done. Easy. Ten minutes. So simple and so worth it. Ready to go to the store?"
I put on my clothes. Mary made sure that I did so in the entry way with the door open. We decided to take my car. I got behind the wheel and started it up.
"Uh John, get your cock out. You can drive with it out for me. Get it hard, and take the long way," Mary laughed.
"Gladly," I replied.
I unbuttoned my pants and fly. Fished my hardening cock and balls through the opening in my underwear for Mary's inspection until I was once again fully erect.
"I like the way its framed against you like that. All nice and hard just for me. Let's get going," She said.
I pulled away and Mary reached over to stroke me as I drove. Mary started milking pre-cum out of my cock. Scooping it up with her finger as it emerged from the tip and putting it into her mouth.
"Mmmmm. Working up an appetite," she laughed and raised her eyebrows at me.
"Good, cause I hope to feed both of those appetites," I said very seriously.
"You will. Just be a little more patient. John, are you mad at me for surprising you with Jackie?"
"No. Confused as hell for a bit. I try not to over think things. But, I guess you needed some sense of security by having her there? Or even if it was just to shock her like she has done you in the past. Either way I'm not angry," I said honestly.
"Good. It was a little of both. I'm really not trying to make her jealous, but, I think she really liked looking at this big white cock of yours. Did you like her looking at it?" Mary asked stroking me with more grip and urgency.
For some reason I started to get a little red with embarrassment reliving the shock or our initial meeting and my cock flexed in Mary's hand expelling more pre-cum for her.
"There's my answer right there. Fuck that's hot," Mary whispered in my ear.
We got to the store and I had to wait a few minutes for my cock to go down and stuff him back into my pants. Still a bit hard and showing in my pants.
"John, your pants are kind of tight. You can really see your cock pretty well. Isn't hiding that monster very good," Mary laughed.
We entered the store and set about knocking things off the list. Bread, Parmigiano-Reggiano and Asiago cheese, heavy cream, chicken breasts, a lot of spices and a few bottles of wine. All the while Mary kept teasing me. Grabbing me in public. Embarrassing me. Making my hard cock very visible in my pants.
"I know they can see your big cock. You like that don't you," she whispered.
In my reddened shyness, "Yes," I hissed as my cock throbbed in my pants while people moved around us. I didn't dare make eye contact. I concentrated on getting through the list and enjoying the punishment of my pulsing hard cock leaking pre-cum into my pants.
We moved to the check out and as Mary reached into the cart with her right hand to place the items onto the conveyor belt, she reached back with her left hand to stroke my cock. I was a bit in shock as she did this quite brazenly. Not caring to be very discrete. Looking at the female checker to see if we were busted. So far so good. As she put the last item on the belt, she pushed the cart forward and turned around to face me and planted a big kiss on my lips and squeezed my aching hard cock and kept squeezing as she turned to the checker whose attention we now had. Her eyes going down to Mary's hand on my cock. Mary closely scanning her face as she removed her hand from my cock watching her eyes get bigger seeing my obscene bulge, then up to my red face.
"Oh shit, I'm sorry," Mary said quite sarcastically.
No one said anything. Not quite sure what to do. My heart beating wildly in my chest in time with my hard cock throbbing and leaking in my pants. The checker stared at my face and then back down to my bulge. She too started to blush. Mary smiling like the devil, enjoying the hell out of this.
The checker snapped out of her daze and started checking out our items. Still looking over to see me throbbing in my pants.
Mary leaned in to whisper in my ear "I'm so fucking wet. I bet she is too."
Everyone switched to auto pilot. The checker doing her job, watching us both. Me frozen in my hardened fear. Mary flush with excitement watching our reactions to what she had master minded.
Saying very little, we all played our parts. Paying, bagging and leaving.
We loaded up the car and got inside. Mary looked at me and started pulling down her sweat pants, showing me her completely soaking wet panties. Pulling them to the side sinking a finger into her pussy. "Fuck!" she groaned loudly. Pulling out her finger and bringing it to my mouth.
"Look how deliciously wet you got me!"
Returning back to her pussy with now two fingers. Moving them in and out of her wet pussy for a few strokes and them back to my waiting mouth.
"Mary we need to get home. I fucking need you now!"
"Oh no! We're not done here."
"What? What do you mean?"
"You are going to go back in there and buy some condoms and lube and go to the same check out lane."
"Mary no! I can't do that again!"
"You can and you will. And you will be hard as fuck for your sweet little checker, so she can check you out all over again! Now get going and get some fucking Magnums!" Mary laughed wildly.
Back in I went. Picked up a box of Magnums and some KY. Made my way back to the same check out lane. Heart beating in my chest. Face all red and my hard cock flexing in my pants. Placed the items in front of the cute blushing checker. She made no reservations about staring at my hard cock.
Sheepishly I said, "she forgot these and made me come back to get them. I'm sorry, she likes to embarrass me."
Clearing her throat and raising her eyes back to mine she said "I think you like being embarrassed." Lowering her eyes back to my cock she continued in an exaggerated tone, "and you've got nothing to be embarrassed about. Shit! Oh sorry for that."
"Thank you."
"It looks like you have a good night in store for you?" she asked.
"Yeah, been a long time coming."
"Cute," she laughed.
"Oh yeah," catching my unintended joke.
"That will be Eighteen fifty."
I handed her a twenty and told her to keep the change.
"Oh no. Here." Handing over the change and grabbing my hand. Rubbing my palm. "Make sure you come see me again. I would wish you a good day, but, I know I don't need to."
"Thank you again. I will. To both that is."
I made may way out of the store and back to the car. Cock still fully erect in my pants. I got back into the car to the smell of Mary's sex hitting me. Mary had a dazed post orgasmic look on her face. Her sweatpants and panties at her knees. Her thighs, pussy and seat soaked with her juices.
"I came so fucking hard. Working my pussy while I watched you through the window showing yourself to that cute check out girl!"
"Fuck, you are too much Mary!"
"Get your cock back out and let's get home," she commanded. "Oh, and by the way, you aren't going to need them fucking Magnums," she said with a wink.
I did as asked. It wasn't easy getting my soaking wet erection back out in the open. On the drive home, Mary would wipe up some of her juices and feed it to me. Then moving down to my cock, milked some of my pre-cum and bring it to her mouth. Then back to her pussy to feed me. This continued on the whole ride home.
I honestly don't know how I kept from exploding. My entire body was in the red zone of excitement.
"Mary, I don't know how much more of this I can take," I cried.
"Shhh. Patience. Just a little while longer till you cover me in your cum. You want that don't you?"
"Yes. More than you know."
"Good. I want it too. I need it. Tonight. I promise."
We got back to her house and brought everything back in the front door. Setting everything down in the entry way as I immediately starting stripping off my clothes again.
"Much better," Mary said matter of fact.
We put everything away.
"Why don't you get comfortable over there. I'll make you a drink while I start casually getting dinner ready since I have plenty of time and we can talk."
"Sounds good."
I poured Mary some wine and when I went to hand it to her, noticed that she had removed her sweatpants and panties and was casually stroking her wet pussy.
"What can I say, I like to watch you work. Do you mind?"
"Hell no. I prefer it." As my erection started to come back.
"Mmmm. Even more motivation," Mary laughed.
I started prepping for dinner. Rolled out the rested pasta dough onto the floured counter and cut it into strips similar to fettucine, and set them aside for later. Cleaned up the dusty counter and set about mixing the various spices into a blackened rub for the chicken breasts. Washed the breasts and coated them with the blackened seasoning. All the while making small talk with Mary. Watching her casually play with her pussy while she watched me work with an erection. Team work keeping each other excited.
We talked about work. The guy at work, "David" she was hot for. Her sister Jackie and some of the sexual exploits that she sprung on Mary. We laughed and relaxed with each other.
"Ok, I think we are about good on time. Let me go start up your grill. Are you sure I'm going to be alright grilling naked outside," I asked?
"Positive. Just don't burn that," she said pointing to my dick.
I made my way out the kitchen door onto the patio on the side of her house. Fully enclosed by a wooden privacy fence. Pulled off the cover and started the gas grill. And waited for the grill to come up to temp. Grabbed the chicken and utensils and started to grill. After a few minutes the chicken and blackened seasoning started to fill the air and to my shock a female voice came from across the fence.
"What you cooking over there Mary? Smells awesome and why haven't you invited me?"
I had gotten so busy and involved with grilling that my erection had subsided. But, with this strange voice and the thought of being caught, I started to flush and my cock once again started to harden for the millionth time that day.
"Oh I'm sorry, I'm Mary's friend John. You can blame me for the smell. I'm trying to impress her."
"Oh, so that's who that new car in front of Mary's house belongs to?"
"That's me," I replied.
"I'm Connie. I'm her nosy neighbor. How long you two being going out?"
"Well we really are just friends. But we recently met and found out that we have some similar interests that we are both passionate about," I said cleverly.
As I stood talking with Connie I turned over the chicken and couldn't help but stroke my hard cock as I made small talk with the mystery neighbor.
"Okay then. I'll take back that invitation then. Maybe later."
Mary must have noticed me from inside when I heard her come out the door saying, "well what the hell are you doing out here?"
Motioning with my eyes to the other side of the fence, "I'm getting to know your neighbor Connie," as I continued to smile.
"Hi Mary. I couldn't help it. It smelled so good. I thought it was you, but the surprise was on me," Connie said.
"Oh hi Connie. Sorry about that. I wasn't quite sure what John was doing out here with his hands and all," Mary said rather suspiciously.
"He's making me hungry is what he's doing. Is he as good looking as that smells," Connie asked?
"Even better," as Mary reached out to take control of my cock from me.
"I can't wait to meet him. You can cook for me too you know," Connie chirped.
As I started to reply to Connie, Mary leaned down and took the head of my cock into her mouth. "I look forward to meeting you as well Connie," I said excitedly.
Mary quickly pulled back and said, "Oh yeah, I can't wait to show him off to you." And laughed as my cock jerked in her hand and she moved me back into her mouth.
"Girl you crazy. But I'm going to hold you to it," Connie replied.
"Chicken is about done. It was nice to meet you Connie. I hope to see you in the flesh sometime soon," I said as I rolled my eyes to Mary as she continued to get serious with my cock in her mouth. Mary was still naked from the waist down with her hand furiously rubbing her wet pussy.
"Can't be soon enough," Connie replied.
Mary pulled back. "Bye Connie. I got you girl." And continued sucking my cock for a few minutes longer.
I wasn't sure if I heard Connie go back into her house or not. But I didn't care. I was over stimulated. I didn't care if Connie knew what we were up to right then or not. All I knew was that I was about to come and unbelievably I wanted to wait and save it for later. If Connie knew, then good for her. I wasn't hearing anything coming from the other side of the fence. But maybe she was still there listening. Trying to get a look between the pickets; naked and wet too.
"Mary stop. That's too much. It's all too much. Connie, You, I'm going to come any second," I pleaded.
"Ok John," Mary said kind of loudly, as if she wanted Connie to hear her. "I wonder if Connie has seen a white cock before? Hell I wonder if she has seen any cock as long and fat as yours?" Mary bragged.
"Let's go inside Mary and let me finish preparing dinner in peace before your sister gets here."
And with that I wasn't quite sure if I heard some movement from Connie's side of the fence, or if it was just my hopeful imagination. The thought of meeting her in person started playing out in my head. Would it be awkward, or would it be flirtatious. Either way, I knew I was going to be rock hard.
Once inside, I covered the chicken and put it into the microwave to rest. Turned on the stove to get the water boiling and started to prepare the Alfredo sauce.
"Text your sister and tell her that dinner will be served in 25 minutes sharp. And normally I would have done this but I was a little distracted; would you mind setting the table for three?" I asked.
"Ok, but just this once. You know you are here to service me in all things don't you?" she said sarcastically.
"I promise to make it up to you."
"I believe you will."
I started the butter and heavy cream in the sauce pan as I grated the Parmegiano-Reggiano and Asiago cheese waiting for the mixture to come to a slow simmer. Knowing I was about 5 minutes out, I dropped the pasta into the boiling water. Added some garlic salt to the sauce and started incrementally adding the cheese into the simmering cream to melt. Stirring constantly. When all was melted and incorporated smoothly, I quickly drained the pasta and added to the sauce incorporating everything perfectly. As I was beginning to plate the pasta, I heard Jackie walk into the kitchen. Not bothering to knock this time.
"Perfect timing. Dinner is right about ready and I'm sure his dick is going to get hard again now that you are here," Mary joked.
It was true. In the rush to complete the sauce, my focus had drawn away from my cock and was only half hard. Now with Jackie back, he was rushing back to show how glad he was that she had returned.
"Fuck you two," was all she could say. "Smells great!"
I pulled the chicken from the microwave and sliced it into strips and fanned a sliced breast onto each plate on top of the pasta.
"Clean up and sit. It's ready and this shit don't keep. We need to eat as soon as possible," I barked.
In their haste Mary and Jackie fought to wash their hands at the kitchen sink while I opened up a chilled bottle of local white wine and put everything on the table. As they took their seats I washed my hands as well and joined them.
"Umm. Did you cum in this?" Jackie asked.
"Would you like him to Jackie? I know he wouldn't mind and I would be glad to help him. How about you?"
"Smart ass!"
"Maybe later," Mary said laughing and winking at her.
My cock throbbed under the table at the suggestion
I sat and watched as Mary and Jackie attacked their dinner. Each of them moaned their appreciation. They both had gorged themselves on a number of forkfuls before they looked up at me.
"What's wrong?" Jackie asked.
"Nothing. I love watching people eat my food. You like?
"This is awesome," Jackie gushed.
"John, this is even better than your big dick!"
"You would know Mary," Jackie joked.
"Seeing you enjoy this is just as important to me. Thank you."
"Fuck that dude you hung up on at work Mary. You need to marry this Mother Fucker right here! Don't tell me you rich too?"
"No I'm not rich. Just gainfully employed," I replied.
"You too much John! This is damn good!"
We ate. We drank. We laughed. We finished our plates. We drank some more.
I gathered the plates and took them to the sink and started to rinse them off and place them in the dishwasher. Mary came up behind me, reaching around to play with my cock as she carried on a slightly drunken conversation with her sister. I had to back away from the sink as my dick hardened. My cock would leave her grasp as I moved to place the plate in the dishwasher. Only to have Mary quickly latch back onto my cock as I moved back up to the sink as she quickly resumed stroking me in front of Jackie.
"Don't you just love his big white cock Jackie?"
Jackie was quiet. Not sure what to say. I was starting to flush in the face again. Embarrassed and hard. Now being stroked in front of Jackie, by her sister. Mary specifically stroking me for her.
I looked over at Jackie. One hand on the table. The other appeared to be moving under the table. A far away look starting to settle in her eyes. Mary, drunk in more ways than one with the situation she was commanding.
"Mary you're going to make me cum."
"No. Not yet. I'm sorry. I'm sorry John. I'm sorry Jackie. I'm a little drunk and got carried away."
"Hard not too," Jackie reacted.
"I'm going to go take a shower while you finish up here. And then I have a couple of surprises for you later."
"I would like to take one as well to wash away all of the grilling and cooking," I asked.
"Oh sure, there is a guest bathroom in the hallway. Help yourself to whatever you need in there. I will catch up with you in a moment."
Mary made her way out of the kitchen back into the house. I continued cleaning up. My cock still hard for Jackie. Brining it close to her as I cleared things from the table. Her hand still under the table moving slightly.
"Well that was interesting," I joked at the awkwardness of the situation.
"I've never seen this side of Mary before. We're twins and I've never seen it. I have you to thank for that. I like it. I love it. She is literally half my world. I can't explain it. I've always been the promiscuous one. She got it too. We really are twins."
"I'm not sure what to say Jackie."
Looking at my hard cock pointing in her direction, pre-cum dripping from the engorged head, "shit, you saying it right there!"
Jackie was going to make me come just by talking to me. To preserve my impending orgasm I needed to politely get away.
I exhaled loudly. "Oh shit, Jackie. I need to get that shower in quick. A cold ass shower at that might even be best," I said laughing seriously.
"You go ahead. I'm going to check on Mary." Jackie's arm still moving underneath the table as I made my way out of the kitchen towards the guest bathroom.
I decided against a cold shower. I love long hot showers. It's one of the few things in life that actually relaxes me. Here I stood under the cascading water trying to relax. Unfortunately, I had a six day erection not allowing me to completely do so. He was anxious. He had been patient long enough. He knew that his total release into relaxation was quickly approaching. He was telling me to finish this shower and get the show on the road.
So, I listened to him. It was a pretty quick shower. It was good to make sure I was clean for Mary and what was to come. I stepped out and dried myself off. Found some hair gel and pushed my hair into it's scruffy place. Hung the towel back in place and heard a knock at the door.
"Come in," I replied.
Jackie stuck her head in looked me over and said "Hey, can I come in?"
"Sure, you always have an open invitation."
Jackie chuckled and shuffled her way into the bathroom keeping an eye on my half hard dick.
"Uh, I am going to have to leave soon, but, I wanted to come back and say good bye in person."
"Oh, ok, that is very nice of you. I know we have had an interesting introduction today. But, I can honestly say that through out the day that it has been nice getting to know you. I don't know about you, but, I have gotten over that initial shock and have gotten to be very comfortable with you," I stated honestly.
"I was shocked too. I was shocked that Mary would do that to me. But, to be honest, I had it coming. I do flaunt my sexuality in front of her. And I'm glad she did. I like you. And, I like looking at you. I hope you like me looking at you."
We both looked down at my now hard cock. "I think there's your answer," I joked.
"I wanted to thank you for that pasta dish. It was really good. Damn you can cook." Jackie's face got serious as she changed her tone. "John, I'm a little concerned about Mary?"
"How so?"
"As crazy as it may sound, I really believe she is in love with a guy at her work and desperately wants to have a relationship with him even though they don't have anything going right now."
"You mean David," I said.
"Oh, so she told you about him?"
"Yeah. I think Mary and I do have this understanding that what we are doing together is nothing more that what it is on the surface. I am not looking to have a relationship with her. And I'm pretty sure she is not looking to have a serious relationship with me. Maybe I'm just that stepping stone to help get her more comfortable with trying to be in a relationship with him. If that makes any sense. I certainly do not want to interfere or put in jeopardy a possible relationship with him."
"Ok then but why?"
"Jackie, most of my whole life has been about being safe. Not letting anybody know how I feel, or what I really want for fear of losing them completely to rejection. But I've changed. Once I realized I had closed myself off to possible close relationships with beautiful women I admired, adored and lusted after. All because I thought I was too thin. What have I denied myself? What have I lost out on? I'll never know. No more. I don't want that for Mary as well."
"So you would walk away. Just like that?"
"How about I do more than that. Jackie, let me see what I can do to help make it happen."
"How you going to do that?
"I don't know. But you have my promise I will try."
Jackie exhaled deeply and said, "ok. John. One more thing."
"Anything," I said.
Looking down at my hard cock. Only a couple of feet from her. Still hard for her. "May I touch you?"
I gasped slightly. My cock involuntarily jerked at her words. More pre-cum worked out of the head causing Jackie to slightly gasp as well.
I paused before responding, "I would love that, but, I think I'd better run that by Mary first," I said uncertainly.
"John, when I went to check on Mary, trust me, I asked her. Even though she's a bit drunk, she knows she couldn't jerk you off like that in front of me without some kind of reaction. So I asked her."
"And?"
"I can touch you under three conditions. One, keep it brief. Two, no fucking. Three, under no circumstances am I allowed to make you cum."
I started to laugh. "I was beginning to have my doubts, but, that third condition sounds exactly like Mary. Please. Touch me. Remember condition number three."
Jackie stepped forward placing her hand on my chest. Running it slowly down to the base of my cock. Using just her index finger to slowly run it down the length of my shaft. Picking up pre-cum from the head and rubbing it between her fingers. Then returning to the head. Grasping it completely in her palm. Squeezing it. Bringing more pre-cum out and using it to coat the head as she twisted it around.
I breathed deep as her hand, rough from her job, intensified the sensations rubbing around the head of my cock.
"Fuck yes. That's much better than watching Mary do it. You like me controlling your cock like this John?"
I closed my eyes lost in the intensity. All I could do was whisper "yes."
Jackie moved her hand down my shaft and back up again. Squeezing him. Trapping more blood into my shaft. Really starting to enjoy herself.
"I love doing this. I love doing this to you. Love controlling your cock. Controlling you."
"Yes, Jackie."
"John, can I take a picture of your cock?"
"Anything Jackie," I implored.
She reached into her back pocket and produced her cell phone. Taking a couple of pics with her grasping me in her other hand.
"Nice. I love the contrast of your white cock and my chocolate hand. I'm going to need you to take a pic of me holding your cock with both hands," she commanded.
She handed me her phone and got down on her knees in front of me. Grasping both hands along the base and shaft of my cock, looking up at me with a hungry look in her eyes.
I took picture after picture in this pose. Jackie looking up at me, "look at that, both hands and still a third of this fucker still sticking out. Fuck I love your cock John! Don't stop taking pics." And with that, she removed her hands and placed just the tip in her mouth. I just kept taking pics. Then the head. Sinking lower till I felt her throat relax and open up allowing the head of my cock go deeper into her hot wet mouth. Never stopping to capture this on her phone. Slowly making my way into her mouth completely and then holding still as she tried to control her breathing. My shaft entirely in her mouth and down her throat.
She pulled me completely back out. A string of saliva between her mouth and the head of my cock. A look of pure lust in her eyes. She worked my cock back into her mouth and throat. Now grabbing my ass to work me in and out of mouth. Urging me to fuck her. After five or six strokes in her mouth, she pulled away coughing and gagging. Tears in her eyes.
"I better stop before I break my promise. I don't want to. But, I can't do that to my other half."
Placing her phone down, I helped Jackie to her feet.
"Jackie, no one has ever deep throated me before."
"John, you can fuck my throat anytime you want to. I mean it. You have the most beautiful cock. Your cock is made for it. Fuck, I would love to feel you coming deep in my throat!"
I sat back on the bathroom counter breathing heavy trying to get myself under control.
While I rested, Jackie started looking through the pictures we had just taken. She smiled and bit her bottom lip as she went back and forth through them. Putting her phone away, she grasped my still hard cock once again and kissed me deeply and passionately.
"John, Mary is in her bedroom at the end of the hall waiting for you. I'm leaving now, but I'm really jealous of her right now thinking about what she is going to do with your cock. Also, whatever it is you two do tonight. I want you to know that I will be looking at these pictures and fucking myself hard all Goddamn Night! I want you to picture that for me."
I said nothing. Jackie leaned in for another deep kiss and stroke of my cock. Turned and walked out the door into the hallway yelling, "Bye Bitch," as she made her way out of the house.
I took a few minutes to regain my composure before making my way to Mary's room.
When I walked into Mary's room she was naked laying face down on a massage table set up at the foot of her bed. A small hand towel covering her ass. Music playing lightly in the background. I looked to the nightstand next to her bed and saw a bottle of massage oil signaling to me what was next.
Feeling my presence, Mary asked, "did she make you come?"
"No. She really does love you Mary. More than my cock," I joked.
"Well that's a first!" Turning her head to look at me she said, "I couldn't blame her though." Smiled and put her head back down.
"So it looked like my cooking worked. I cooked you right out of your clothes," I joked.
"Maybe. But now its time to put your money where your mouth is and prove to me how good your are with your hands."
"Is this one of the surprises you said you had in store for me?"
"Yes."
"I love it. I can't wait to explore your entire body and feel you relax."
"Perfect," she purred.
"So, where in the hell did you get this massage table?"
"Um, I'm borrowing it from a friend of mine," Mary replied.
"I seriously need to get one of these."
"I'll be the judge of that," Mary joked.
I collected the massage oil and made sure that is wasn't cold. My cock getting even harder with anticipation with what I absolutely love to do. Worked some oil into my hands and started on Mary's neck. Working her between my thumb and first two fingers. Feeling some tightness. Working it out with deliberate circular motions. Feeling her start to loosen slightly.
I moved down to her shoulders. This is where most people carry a lot of stress and I usually start easy and work more firmly as I feel people relax. Mary was no different. I spent over ten minutes working her shoulders before moving down each of her arms, hands and even fingers. Then I moved onto her shoulder blades. Really using my thumbs to work the layers of muscles in that group. My thumbs are very sensitive in feeling those muscles that tighten up just asking for me to work on them. Feeling those tight muscles relax is just one small thing that I find so rewarding. And then watching their whole body follow suit is an extra bonus. I Moved next down her spine and rib cage. I loved taking my time in massaging her entire back. Moving lower and lower dipping my hands slightly underneath the towel covering her ass.
I moved lower, onto the back of her thighs. Massaging the outside and then the inside of her thighs. Putting more pressure than on her back. Moving slowly down further, working her calves. Then down to her feet. Working on the balls, arch, pads and even the toes.
Then I started to make my journey back up. This time from the end of the table at her feet. Leaning in and working her calves. Up to her thighs. Concentrating on her inner thighs. I could now see her pussy glistening with heat and excitement. Her lips engorged and flowing open. Her juice dripping down onto the table.
I moved my hands up her thighs and up under the towel. My thumbs running up on either side of her wet opening. A recently relaxed Mary started to now get a little bit excited. A deep moan escaping her lips. In one swift motion the small towel discarded to the floor. Her ass on full display. I repeated this motion a few more times. Each pass emitting another moan and more fluid leaking from her pussy.
I was incredibly turned on now. My cock hard and pulsing. Pre cum leaking profusely from the head. Some even leaking onto her feet.
I then concentrated on working her ass. I spread her ass apart on an upward motion, making sure my thumbs put pressure on her asshole in a stretching open motion.
"Oh Shit," Mary hissed.
"Is that good?"
"Mmmm, yes."
"You're beautiful Mary."
"That feels beautiful."
I continued to work her ass. I squeezed out some pre cum from my cock onto my middle finger and began rubbing her wrinkled brown star. Mary started moving her ass back against my finger as if to encourage me. My natural lube and Mary's backing up helped to ease my finger into her private opening. A gasp escaping her lungs. Now easing my finger in and out of her ass. My heart beating loudly with excitement. Mary getting more and more into this new penetration.
I pulled my finger out after a few minutes. Spread her cheeks wide. Admiring its unique beauty. I Leaned forward and buried my face in between her softness and licked her asshole. Mary lifted her head and pushed her ass back in my face at the same time.
"Oh Fuck, John. No one has...Oh Fuck!"
Instinctively, Mary reached back for my head. Pulling me tighter into her. She was running on pure instinct and pursuit of pleasure. Pulling her checks further apart I started to penetrate her sensitive opening with my tongue.
"Oh Jesus Yes! You nasty motherfucker!"
Had I not been busy, I probably would have laughed at that one. But, I took it as encouragement to start fucking her with my tongue. Mary worked her ass in concert with my tongue. Grabbing my hair. Pulling me tighter into her beautiful valley. Grunting. Groaning. Hyperventilating. Working her increasing excitement. And then I stopped.
I stood up on my feet and said, "ok go ahead and flip over."
"John! What the fuck! You can't just do me like that!"
"Yes I can, if you want me to finish."
"Hell no, this isn't fair!"
"Neither is making hold my cum all week," I shot back.
"Ok smart ass. This better be worth it," she said in exasperation while flipping over.
Mary laid back down and closed her eyes. Still not happy about my abrupt break in the action. I took some time to take in her beauty. My cock was hard and aching. He had been neglected far too long. Hard with admiration for Mary's body. And throbbing from the anticipation of finally getting to come that I knew was going to happen shortly.
Mary snuck a peak at me and noticed my hard erection; pre-cum leaking and dripping onto the floor. Smiling at the effect that she was having on me. Catching her smile, I just said, "all you Mary." This brought a contented moan and chuckle followed with a, "don't I know it."
I coated my hands with massage oil. Came up along side of her and started on her neck. Once again, taking my time, making sure Mary was relaxing. I moved to the head of the table to get a better angle to work her shoulders, Slowly working on down her biceps, forearms and hands and back up again. I reloaded with more oil and started on her upper chest and down underneath her breasts and onto her upper abdomen. On my up strokes, I massaged the underside of her breasts. Noticing her nipples start to harden.
I was struck by their simple beauty. Why hadn't I really noticed how perfect they were before. I began a simple massaging of her entire breast. Taking a little time to pinch her nipples. Mary's relaxation started to turn to a bit of excitement as her breathing started to pick up.
"Mary, I'm sorry, but I can't think of a better way to massage your breasts than this," I said as I moved back to the side of the table and leaned down to take her nipple into my mouth and tongue the excited nub.
"Yes, baby," she breathed.
I continued to alternate between each breast with my mouth as my right hand continued to massage Mary's abdomen, even working down to massaging her mound with my palm. Mary's excitement was picking up. She caught me a little by surprise to feel her right hand reach for my hardness. This brought an unexpected rush in me, causing me to increase the intensity of my mouth and tongue working her nipples. Mary casually stroked my cock. Using pre-cum to slickly stroke me back and fourth. I moaned into her breasts enjoying her attention. We both starting to work each other into more and more intensity.
After five more minutes of us taking care of each other, I stood back up and continued with the massage of her lower body. I poured oil onto her thighs and calves. Intentionally avoiding her pussy. It was tough to avoid. Her arousal was firmly on display. Her lips fully engorged. Her clitoris lying just underneath her hood. Her entire area wet with excitement.
I spent a good deal of time working her thighs. There are a lot of muscles in this group and I spent a thorough amount of time working them. Made quick work of her shins before working her feet. Picking them up and bending her legs to get full access to working her entire sole. This also opened up her wet pussy to me, leaking its invitation to me. I did the same with her other foot.
Placing her feet back down, I made sure that her legs were now spread wider apart, my target now plainly in my sight. On my upward journey, I stayed at the foot of the table and worked my hands north. This time concentrating on her inner thighs. Casually pushing her legs wider for me. My hands climbing higher with my thumbs stroking on either side of her lips. Pulling them slightly open with each pass. Her passion literally leaking out. After a number of passes like this I ran my thumb along her entrance. Up and over her clit.
Mary was breathing much heavier now. I would love to say that I teased her longer, but, I was at my limit. I leaned forward and lowered my tongue into her hot wet opening. Mary took in a sharp breath and instinctively grabbed my head pulling me into her.
"Fuck, yes John! Eat my pussy!"
The slow build of the massage was over. It was time for action and results. I fucked her opening with my tongue. Sucked on her lips. Sucked her clit into my mouth and tongued it. Moving my hands to push her even wider for me, I moved lower to tongue her ass. This brought an even more heightened response from Mary.
"You like that shit, don't you Mary?"
"Fuck yes. I love it. Don't stop."
I continued to make love to Mary's ass with my tongue. He ass was completely soaked with a combination of my saliva and the juices leaking from her pussy. I moved my tongue back to her pussy and moved my middle finger into her ass. Quickly sinking half its length into her. The surprise caused her to clamp down tightly onto it.
"Oh Fuck John," she hissed.
As she relaxed her muscles on me, I started to piston my finger into her ass and suck on her clit. After a few minutes I worked a second finger into her ass and started to stretch her open a little bit. All the while increasing the intensity of working her clit with my tongue.
"Fuck my ass John. Oh God Yes Fuck my Ass!"
Hearing Mary saying this repeated mantra really got me going. Fuck I was turned on knowing she was really getting into this. I wasn't in the best position, but I had Mary's legs spread wide for me, two fingers fucking her ass, my mouth clamped to her clit yet I was still able to work the index and middle finger of my other hand into her vagina. Curling upward to massage her G-spot. Mary started into overdrive. Mary started to fuck my face and hands with wild passion.
"That's it baby. Fuck my ass. Oh John Fuck my ass. Fuck my ass. Fuck my ass. Fuck I'm coming from you fucking my ass!"
I put some extra attention and energy into rubbing her G-spot and this set Mary off into the most violent orgasm I had seen her have. I pulled back and Mary's pussy erupted with a couple of squirts that surprised me. Her ass had a death grip clenching rhythmically on my fingers. Mary groaning and repeating her mantra, "my ass. That's it baby fuck my ass."
I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, but kept them in her ass. Mary seemed to not want me to remove them. As Mary started to relax, I kissed her inner thighs. Licking up the juices that had exploded from her. After a few minutes Mary started to really relax. I still kept my fingers in her ass.
"I loved watching you come from that Mary."
"Jesus, John, I never thought I could do that. I've never squirted before. You fucking my ass had me totally messed up. Fuck that was deliciously dirty. I completely lost everything. I didn't care about anything. Just how dirty you were making me. All I wanted was you to keep fucking my ass."
I finally removed my fingers and stood up from my awkward position. My cock still hard as a rock.
Looking at me Mary said, "I'm sorry baby. It has been too long. We need to take care of you, and I have a surprise to counter the surprise you just gave me."
"What's that," I asked?
"First, go over to my bed and get me a bunch of pillows so I can prop myself up," Mary asked.
I took a few minutes to gather all of her pillows and set them up behind her, getting her to about a 140 degree angle.
"Ok, now for that other surprise. Get into to the nightstand next to my bed and fetch my latest toy," she said.
As I made my way as directed, Mary continued to talk. "So the day after our last meeting, I had this idea. You told me the dimensions of your cock, so I thought I would try to find something the same size as you to use in your absence. It only took a couple of sex shops to find one I think is the same size as you."
As Mary talked I opened the drawer to find a rather large dildo. Ok, so statistically, I know that I have an above average sized dick. But when I take myself into consideration, I don't look at myself and think "Oh I'm Huge." I don't think I'm large or small. I'm about the same size, or a bit larger than most male porn stars. I was athletic as a youth and spent my fair share of time in shower rooms, but, I never really checked out the other guys, or compared myself to them.
So here I am looking at what appears to be a large dildo that is supposed to be the same size as me. But I don't think I look that big. I stood there in my confusion, trying to reconcile the disparity in my head.
"Bring it over her John," Mary directed.
I picked it up and brought it over to Mary. My cock had softened a bit with a lack of activity, so I couldn't exactly get a good comparison at the moment. I handed John 2.0 over to Mary.
"John, get hard again for me so I can compare how well I did."
As she said that she suggestively stuck the large dildo into her mouth; laughing as if to help induce by cock back to its hard state. I started stroking with my left hand and stuck a finger of my right hand into her pussy to draw out some of her juices. I pulled back a very wet finger and hungrily brought it to my mouth. My cock inflating back to its hard glory in no time flat. Mary held the dildo next to its twin for comparison. The girth was just about right. The dildo looked to be longer, and I think that is due to my balls making my own cock look slightly smaller.
"I'd say I did a damn good job. Pretty fucking close," Mary gloated. "So John, when I asked you to text me those pics, what I didn't tell you was that I was looking at them and fucking my pussy with your twin here. I fucked myself good and plenty this past week," Mary said with a huge grin on her face.
"My turn to say not fair Mary."
"John, I want you to stand at the foot of the table and stroke your cock for me. I want you to watch me fuck myself with your twin."
I did as instructed and slowly stroked my cock watching Mary spread her legs further apart and invade her already drenched pussy with the dildo. Mary keeping her eyes on my cock as she reacted to the size of the dildo now filling herself up.
"Fuck John your cock looks big and wet for me. Mmmm and my pussy feels good being stretched open for you. Stroke your big white cock for me baby. Stroke it for Mary."
I was incredibly turned on. Mary was as well; she had already started a deep and steady rhythm in working her pussy.
"Damn it you are so fucking sexy Mary. I don't think I can last much longer. I've been holding it much too long."
"I don't want you to John. I want you to give it to me. I need you to cover me in your cum."
That was all of the encouragement I needed. With Mary's permission I began stroking my enraged cock frantically. Mary keeping pace with me, hammering away at her pussy.
"Give me your fucking cum baby! Give it to me! I got to have it!"
We were completely in sync. Both working ourselves to a frenzy. My weeks worth of frustration coming to an end.
"Fuck, here I cum Mary!"
"Oh shit yes, John give it to me," she yelled.
From deep within my soul my entire being shot out of my cock. Two ropes fired out in rapid succession. They flew the length of the table coating Mary's face, even up into her hair. A third rope flew up to her breasts. A fourth and fifth rope landing squarely on her pussy. He hand working the dildo happened to be on a down stroke allowing my sperm to cover her pussy. Then Mary began working the dildo covered in my juice into her vagina. The remaining ropes did not contain the strength of the previous shots, but copious amounts of my week's pent up lust flowed out of my cock. I leaned forward to direct them onto her left foot. Now I've never really had a foot fetish, but watching her foot now covered in my cream was quite a turn on.
And as I was experiencing my intense undoing, I watched Mary bucking and shaking on the massage table; groaning as a result of her own powerful orgasm. I loved watching the orgasm consume her entire body. Racking its pleasure in waves through her body. Leaving her shivering in its after shocks. She was so beautiful giving in completely to her pleasure.
I moved up along side her and lowered to give her a kiss. Her lips wet with my own explosion. I plunged my tongue into her mouth to share it with her. I pulled back slightly and scooped up some more of my weeks worth of passion with my tongue and plunged it back into her mouth. This took Mary by surprise but was turned on by it and reacted with a loud groan and an increased passionate kiss. I pulled back again, scooping more of my ejaculate from her right cheek and bridge of her nose and back into her mouth for an intimate exchange. Mary reacted with even more passionate groans. She was really getting into this new connection we were making. I pulled back yet again, this time noticing that she had moved her left hand back to pussy and was busy working in its wetness. I scooped more of my sperm from her forehead and returned to sharing it with her. Meanwhile, I was also rubbing my rubbing my cum into her breasts. Tweaking her slippery nipples between my fingers.
Mary then surprised me by bringing her fingers wet from her pussy between our intimate kiss. Her fingers were wet with a combination of both of our orgasms. My passion was enflamed to taste a combination of our climaxes. We worked together to work her fingers clean.
"More," I begged.
Mary returned her hands to her pussy for a fresh supply and once again we cleaned them together. After a third helping I stood staring at Mary breathing heavy. Still focused on the lust of the moment.
"That was intense," I said.
"John, you are so nasty."
"I Love being nasty for you Mary."
"I Love being nasty with you John."
"John?"
"Yes, Mary."
"Spend the night."
"I would love that."
I helped Mary off the table and over to her bed. I then retrieved the pillows and set about returning her bed to its previous state. Turned off the lights and cuddled up next to her.
"Well that clean shower didn't last long," Mary laughed.
"You feel perfect to me in so many ways right now," I replied.
"I am so tired and satisfied right now. Thank you for that," Mary said.
"I know its clich to say, but, my pleasure. Truly."
And with that I pulled Mary tighter to me and we both drifted off to a deep sleep.
I was so deep in my slumber that it took me awhile gather my bearings.Where am I? What is that? Is this really happening?
My faculties trying to put everything together. Oh yeah, I'm at Mary's. Feels like I been asleep for about 5 hours. Maybe 3AM? Mary's hand feels good stroking my hard cock. I turned to Mary in the dark. Her hand never leaving my cock. The room was pitch black. I couldn't make our her facial features.
"Take me," was all she said.
In the darkness a plan quickly came to mind.
In one swift move, I took Mary's wrists into my hands and pulled them over her head as I crawled on top of her and moved in between her legs forcefully.
"You're damn right I'm going to take what's mine!"
"Oh shit," Mary responded surprised by my change.
"You have been teasing me for too fucking long. You know you fucking belong to me. You are mine. This pussy belongs to me and only me!"
"I...I...I," Mary stammered.
"I, nothing. Who does this pussy belong to?"
"You," she said weakly.
"Not good enough! Who does this pussy belong to? Say my fucking name!"
"J..."
I was quick to cut her off.
"Don't you fucking play with me. All this time you been teasing me. Teasing me with your beautiful body. Irresistible smile. Sexy personality. You know how long I have lusted after you?"
Even in the dark I could now tell that Mary was now starting to get beyond her surprise and put together what I was up to.
In the meantime, the head of my cock had nestled into her wet opening.
"Oh shit'" she reacted to my hard intrusion and the thought of her fantasy playing out. "I'm sorry. I have always wanted you. Please take me. My pussy belongs to you. I belong to you," she pleaded.
I nudged my cock head a little deeper into her causing her to gasp.
"Say my name. Whose cock does this pussy belong to?"
"Your cock, David," she hissed.
And as she spoke David's name I sunk my cock deeper into her wet depths.
Mary took a sharp deep breath as I sank into her. I grunted to her, "you feel so good Mary." I held still feeling her clench down on my shaft. "This is where I'm supposed to be!"
"David, you feel so good in my pussy. So big. Stretching me. I have been wanting you inside me for so long. Now fuck me. I need you to fuck me hard."
"Mary I'm not going to be able to last long. All this time waiting for this moment is too much."
"Give it to me David. I fucking need you to give it to me. I'm so turned on I'm going to scream. Fuck me!"
I released my grip on Mary's wrists and grabbed her waist and began my frantic assault. She was tight, but her pussy was so wet that it made for easy penetration. She felt so fucking good. I just started pistoning in and out of her hot wet pussy. I could feel her juices leaking down my balls. Mary was working herself up into a fevered pitch. She moved her recently freed hands down to my ass, pulling me deeper into her.
"Fuck me David. Fuck me baby. I've wanted this for so long. Give me your big white cock. Give it to me!"
I was hammering her for all I was worth. Even though I had cum a few hours earlier, my weeks long abstinence still had me pretty well primed and I was quickly approaching my orgasm.
"Say my name Mary."
"David! Fuck me David. Fuck me David. Fuck me David."
Faster and faster we worked each other over.
"I'm going to cum Mary!"
"Fuck yes baby! Cum inside me. Jesus, I need you to give me your cum. Oh fuck I Need You to Cum Inside Me! David!"
With one last thrust I emptied myself into her. Feeling my orgasm immediately trigger hers as she convulsed underneath me. He pussy immediately flooded with her orgasm. She was shaking and whispering my name over and over. Her mind and body were completely consumed with her fantasy and orgasm. I jerked into her body feeling myself flow into her. Every muscle contracting as I released into her.
Neither one of us was making any sound. We were both so deep in our intense pleasure. I really couldn't see Mary that well in the dark. I could feel her pussy squeezing and contracting on my cock and feel her body jerk underneath me. Relaxing more and more as each second passed until I could not support myself any longer and collapsed on top of her. Quickly rolling off her and onto my side. Both of us still breathing hard trying to completely come down from our sexual high. Still, neither one of us saying anything to each other.
I started to drift off to sleep. Just as I was about to fall into that void, I felt Mary curl up tight to me. A warmth spread throughout my body and I fell fast into a deep slumber.
I woke a few hours later. The clock next to her bed said it was shortly after Seven. Mary was still clung tightly to me. I didn't want to move. I just wanted to stay and enjoy that peace for as long as possible. My inner need to please got the best of me. I carefully worked my way out of her embrace. Being careful not to wake her.
Used the restroom to relieve myself and splash a little cold water in my face. I then made my way into the kitchen to see what damage I could do. Opened up the fridge to create a game plan. I kept it simple. Poured us a glass of Orange Juice. Grabbed some eggs, milk and sharp cheddar cheese and started to make us a cheese omelet.
While I worked on the omelet I dropped some toast to brown. Finished up the omelet and buttered the toast. Finished off plating everything with some salsa and sour cream on the side. Last but not least, I brewed a mug of coffee with her Keurig. Our simple breakfast was now complete. Found a tray and made my way back into the bedroom.
I plopped myself down onto the bed with some extra energy to wake Mary from her sleep. Her body moved in reaction as she shook her head and turned to look at me.
"I made us breakfast. I hope you like," I said proudly.
Mary smiled and said, "you really are a dream."
Mary sat up next to me and we took turns eating our breakfast.
"Yesterday and last night was pretty intense Mary."
"Yeah, a good intense. Especially in the middle of the night. That really fucked me up. In a good way."
"I really had you going didn't I?"
"Mmmhmmm. What was that all about," Mary asked?
"Well, Jackie and I were talking. She really does love you an awful lot. She knows that your feelings for David are very real and she wants that for you. She is worried that I might interfere or possibly put at jeopardy a potential relationship with David," I said.
"So?
"So, I agreed with her. I don't want to see you miss out on anything. One of my life's biggest regrets is that I have hid behind my insecurities and low self esteem issues. I have found out too late in life that I missed out on potential relationships with women I felt were out of my league. I could not believe that I would have a chance. Only to find out that there was some interest on their end as well. I don't want you to miss out as well."
"Again. So?"
"I told Jackie that I would somehow find a way to kindle or encourage you to get that white boy," I laughed. "Last night was not planned on my end. But when you said 'take me' in the dark, it all came right to me. At least it showed to me that you have some real deep passion for him." And after a long pause I said, "that tells me you need to do this."
Mary was quiet. I moved the breakfast tray out of the way and embraced her. Holding her head to my chest and rubbed her torso, even leaning down to kiss her forehead.
"What do I do John?"
"First off, you dress to impress. You are beautiful Mary. Show it off. Dangle the bait that is your hot little body. Sit next to him, or across from him in meetings. Make sure you accidentally kick him under the table. Touch him unexpectedly. Kill him with your eyes. You know, guaranteed stuff. He's all yours!"
"Ok," Mary said without a lot of conviction.
"Do It Mary! This is your homework assignment for the week."
"The week huh? Does that sound like you want to meet again next weekend?"
"You're damn right it does. That is, if it works for you," I said.
"It does, as long as I'm not out with David," she joked. Mary pulled away from our embrace and kissed me passionately. She moved her hand down a grasped my cock. "You know what else works for me?"
I responded quickly to her stroking and tongue probing my mouth.
"John this has been an intense weekend filled with a lot of firsts for me, but, there is one more thing that I have to do."
"Anything for you Mary. Anything with you Mary."
Mary moved to sit on the edge of the bed.
"Come stand in front of me. Let me care for you. I want to take control of your cock. I want to feel you release into my mouth. I want to feel you lose control in my mouth. I want to taste you, swallow you."
I moved in front of Mary and watched her stare lovingly at my hard cock starting to leak pre-cum. She took her time stroking me with her right hand. Cradling and manipulating my scrotum in her left hand. Slowly exploring, tugging, pulling, milking out more pre-cum. At one point she took her right hand around the base and pinched it tightly causing the head and veins along the shaft to bulge and flare.
"Fuck I Love That!" Mary said ravenously.
She leaned forward and put the enlarged head into her mouth. Swirling her tongue around the head and sucking hard. She pulled the head back out of her mouth scraping the head with her teeth. Causing me to jerk and pull away slightly because of the intensity.
"Oh Fuck Mary!"
"John, I just had an idea. Next weekend I need you to wear your tightest pants that really shows off your cock."
"What do you have in mind? Something public I take it."
"Oh yes. But I'm not saying. Just know that you will be showing that cock to some women next week. Oh I can't wait. And by the way. This is going to be the last time you cum until next weekend. Got it!"
"Yes Mary," I said obediently.
Mary returned her loving focus back on my cock. She increased her intensity, I think partly being turned on by what she was intending for me next week. She released her death grip on me and started to work me with her hands and her mouth. Sucking and jerking me harder and harder. Her saliva running down to her left hand massaging my scrotum. I started to get into a rhythm with her. I was getting into her energy, getting more and more worked up with her.
I felt her left hand leave my scrotum and her middle finger snake back to my asshole and tap on it. Exhaling loudly, I pushed my cock deeper into her mouth. This caused her to squeal with delight and pick up her intensity. A few more taps and she sunk her middle finger into my ass. I pushed forward even deeper into her mouth causing her to choke and gag slightly. But she didn't back away. She wanted more and just picked up her sucking and started moving her middle finger in and out of the my ass.
"You are so nasty Mary!"
"Mmhhmm!" she moaned loudly.
"You want my cum don't you?"
"Mmhhmm. Mmhhmm."
Remembering what Mary had said the night before, I repeated her mantra. "Fuck my ass Mary. That's it. Fuck my ass."
The words set Mary off. She plunged two fingers into my ass and began pounding away. Moaning loudly in her increasing intensity and want.
"Fuck me Mary. Fuck my ass. Fucking my ass is making me cum for you."
Mary was on fire for me to cum for her. Sucking me with abandon and ravaging my ass with her fingers. I was so turned on watching her want this so badly that I erupted into her mouth. She sucked with a hunger that I'd never seen before. She moaned a satisfaction as if she was getting a much needed fix. I spewed into her mouth repeatedly, feeling my entire energy pass into her. She greedily took all of it. Milking my cock for every drop.
Mary laid back on the bed and I collapsed next to her. Panting heavily trying to come down from my excited high. After a few moments I turned to Mary and started casually rubbing and stroking her body. Massaging her arms and breasts.
"Thank you Mary. That was wonderful. This whole time together has been breathtaking," I confessed.
"Thank you John. You have taken me to a new level. I have not experienced this type of pleasure before in my life. My mind, heart and body are buzzing."
"If that's a compliment, thank you, I've never had anyone say that to me before."
"You better damn well believe it," Mary replied.
"Mary, is there anything I can do for you?"
"No. I am good. I am so relaxed and comfortable right now. I have you in my pussy and can still taste you in my mouth. You're apart of me now. Warming me up from within. That thought and feeling has me pretty relaxed right now," she said very casually.
"Ok. I should probably go and let you have some time for yourself for the rest of the weekend. But could I ask a favor first?"
"Sure. What baby?"
"May I eat you to another orgasm please? I want you to come for me one more time. I want to taste you again. I want to drink up your flow."
Mary smiled devilishly and leaned over to kiss me passionately . Running her hands through my hair really getting into our kiss. I could feel her legs open up. She grabbed the back of my hair and started to pull my head down to her sex.
"Oh God yes eat my pussy."
I took my time. I wanted to savor this. I kissed all around her inner thighs. Watching her lips swell and glisten with sweat and excitement. I licked all around her outer lips. Her excitement starting to leak out from deep within her. I lapped all of it up as it flowed out. I sucked on her lips. Drove my tongue deep into her pussy. Increased my tempo as her excitement started to build. I pulled back her hood to expose her clit. My tongue began an intimate dance with her pearl causing Mary to moan my name loudly and swearing with every other word. Our rhythm was picking up. I started to suck her click into my mouth and tongue it at the same time. Only stopping to lick up more of her juices as they escaped her hole.
Mary grabbed my head once again pulling me in tighter to eat her core.
"Shit. Eat that shit. Make me cum for you John. Make me cum. Drink me up." She groaned.
I took one small detour and buried my tongue between her cheeks giving her asshole a good licking. Even penetrating her tight hole slightly; bringing a loud squeal from her.
"Oh yes you nasty mother fucker!"
I tongued her ass for a minute or two and headed back to her clit with intensity. There was no mistaking with my increased attack that I needed her to cum for me then and now We quickly got into an impassioned rhythm. I was breathing hard. Moaning loudly as I was getting excited and impatient for my reward.
"Cum for me Mary. I need it," as I attacked her clit. Sucking hard. Grinding her pussy into my face. The tension building to a peak until she screamed. Her pussy immediately flooded and she unleashed herself into my mouth. Her body locked up and then would buck and jerk with each exaggerated spasm. It was beautiful and I drank it all up. Never trying to break contact with her beautiful body. I stayed right in there lovingly kissing and licking all that flowed from her. Savoring every last drop until she exhaled loudly and completely went limp.
I crawled up along side her and kissed her deeply.
"Thanks, I needed that," I said to her.
Mary laughed and said, "I'm glad to help you with that anytime. God I love how you eat my pussy. You are so in tune with her. I know you love doing it and it turns me on even more and makes me cum even faster, easier and harder. God I love that you do that to me," she gushed.
I took the compliment with a Cheshire cat grin, "I really do love tasting you and feeling you lose control. Feeling your pussy flood just as you are about to cum and then give it all to me as you lose it."
We laid there together in each others arms for another 15 minutes before I broke away.
"I'm going to take the dishes and clean up the mess I made from breakfast. Then I am going to start getting ready to head on back home."
"Thank you. I could get used to this. All Of This! I love how you spoil me."
"I love doing all of this for you Mary."
I grabbed the breakfast tray from the nightstand and moved off to the kitchen. Rinsed off the plates and put them in the dishwasher before washing the cookware that I had dirtied. Dried everything off a put it all away and started the dishwasher as I cleaned up around the kitchen.
I made my way out to the foyer to get dressed and was met by a naked Mary. She grabbed my cock and stroked me a little. With her other hand she opened the door as if she wanted her neighbors watch the two of us naked enjoying each other. She leaned in for another passionate kiss and a tight embrace.
"So when I showed up today you were pretty keen on showing me naked to your neighbors here in this doorway. Now you want to show yourself off with me too," I said.
"Yes. You do things to me John. I like showing you off and now I want to show you off with me."
"Oh. You know what that sounds like to me?"
"What?"
"You want someone to watch us fucking next. Maybe even participating," I said seriously.
"Oh my God. Umm. I've never had that thought or desire before, but, my heart is beating faster and my pussy is getting wetter. I'm going to be thinking about that all week now. Damn you John."
"You're welcome Mary."
We broke our embrace and I started to reluctantly put my clothes on. One last kiss and hug and I opened the door.
"John?"
"Yes Mary."
"Remember no coming till next Saturday. Save it all for me."
"As long as you do your homework and make your intentions known to David."
"Ok, I promise."
I turned from her and started my drive back home. Five minutes into the drive Mary texted me.
Mary: Connie saw you leaving my house and now she's blowing up my phone!
I laughed and wondered what new thresholds we would cross and what new horizons we would discover next weekend.