"Dad, come on!" I yelled up the stairs.
"Hold on," he called back. "Still looking for lucky."
Oh crap! I made it clear to him that we had to leave at 10:00 sharp to get across town and to Jerry's in time for lunch and then the game. But my old man just had to have that busted Ohio State jersey he called "lucky." What dad didn't know was that his friends Jerry, Bill, and Ed were throwing him a surprise 60th birthday party.
Personally, I didn't care for my father's friends. They had all grown up together, so they were life-long buddies. However, dad had truly grown up and was today a successful president of his own company while Jerry, Bill and Ed were still man-children at heart. Jerry was recently divorced and had made out badly. He went from living with his wife and kids in a suburban McMansion like us to a cheap studio apartment. I never knew the circumstances of the divorce, but he pretty much lost everything. Jerry, along with Bill and Ed, were the definition of good-ole boys: none of them had much ambition in life and were content with drinking beer and watching football all day. I'm really surprised that dad didn't grow apart from them, but their friendships went way, way back.
A buzz on my phone went off and it was Jerry. "You guys left yet?" the text said.
"Leaving now," I replied.
I started up the steps to see if I could help him find lucky, but he appeared at the top ready to roll. He looked ridiculous: a bald, 60-year-old man wearing a very worn-out Ohio State jersey he'd had since I was a kid.
"Dad, we need to leave now," I said.
"All right my boy, lucky is here so let's roll," he replied.
I yelled out towards the kitchen to mom but she told us to wait. No!!!! We didn't have any more time to lose.
"Honey," mom said walking into the living room.
"Mom, we really need to go," I told her.
"I know but I need you two to stop by the store on the way back and pick up a few things."
"Honey," dad interrupted. "Why can't you go while we're gone?"
"Because" she said. "I need to stay here in case Marianne comes by."
"Well, can't you go tomorrow?" dad said.
Mom looked at him with that "don't press me" look. She had her back against the door, and we weren't leaving until she had what she wanted.
"Fine mom," I said. "Give me the list and we'll do it."
Mom kissed me on the cheek and gave me her list, going down line by line and telling me brand to get and what to look for. I resigned myself to the fact that we were going to be late.
We finally broke away and into my car we sprang. It would probably be a half-hour ride to Jerry's if traffic was as it typically was.
As we chit-chatted along the way, I started to have a change of heart about Jerry. It was nice of him to throw dad a 60th birthday party right before the Ohio State game. After the divorce, Jerry had every right to be bitter and depressed but if he was, he was suppressing it well by doing something so nice for his life-long friend. 60 was a big milestone and dad was the first one of them to hit it.
Much to my surprise, the typically bad traffic wasn't there so we arrived at Jerry's parking lot at 10:00 on the dot. The Mi Casa apartments left a lot to be desired. It was clearly an old 1960s motel that had been converted to apartments for those needing cheap rent. I had driven because dad didn't want to risk his new BMW getting vandalized.
Up the rusty stairs we went to the second floor and down the exterior hallway to Jerry's apartment. I started to knock but the door opened and there was Jerry, already smelling of beer.
"Chuckie my boy!" he boomed while putting a bear-hug around my dad.
"Hey buddy," dad said, hugging him back.
"And look at little Chuckie Jr." Jerry said putting the bear-hug on me.
Not a fan of being called Chuckie but this was dad's day and I was going to tolerate Jerry, Bill, and Ed no matter how obnoxious they got.
In we went and got the same welcome from the other two guys. Jerry's place was pathetic but, now that he was single, it was a good place for a man cave on football day.
"So, Chuck," Bill said. "Besides the game, this is a pretty big day in itself."
Dad was humble so he just nodded.
"Now, don't even go there with the humility," Ed added. "You are the big 6-0 today and that's cause for a celebration."
"Guys," dad said. "Thank you but I don't think I look and feel any different than 59."
"No buddy, you look pretty good for an old man," Bill boomed before taking another swig of beer.
"So, my boy here was insistent we get here by 10," dad said. "Now that we're here, what are we going to do before lunch and the game?"
"Well," Jerry said. "Funny you should mention that because we do have something in mind."
Ed and Bill started to chuckle and between the looks of the two of them and Jerry, the birthday party was about to start. What on earth were they planning?
"We got you a birthday cake," Jerry said.
"O.K.," dad said. "I don't see it so let's dive in. Cake goes well with beer," he said as they all erupted into laughter.
"Oh yeah!" Jerry bellowed loudly. "Have we got a sweet cake for you!"
"Well, where is it?" dad asked.
"Oh, it's coming but first we need to do the happy birthday song," Ed added.
"Happy birthday to you!
Happy birthday to you!"
"Happy birthday Chuck/Mr. Peterson..."
Say what? Mr. Peterson? And that voice was a girl, not one of these drunken guys.
"Happy birthday to youuuuuu."
Emerging from the bathroom into the living space with a cake was a girl around my age. She was pretty and rather skimpily dressed as she sashayed into the living area shaking her hips as she encircled my very embarrassed dad with the cake.
"Happy birthday Mr. Peterson," she said as she kissed dad on the cheek.
"Thank you Sherri," he said. "Well, this is a big surprise I wasn't expecting."
The gang burst out into applause as Sherri prompted him to blow out the candles.
"Guys?" dad said looking at his buddies.
"Happy birthday Chuckie," Ed said.
"Thank you," dad replied. "I didn't know Sherri was going to be here."
"Nor did I," I chimed in.
"Oh," dad said. "I'm sorry. Son, this is Sherri. She works at the coffee shop the guys and I go to on Saturday mornings."
"Hi," Sherri said coming over to shake my hand.
Sherri was pretty but looked a bit slutty with her ultra-short mini skirt, halter top and stiletto high heels. She looked like an actress in a porn video.
"Your dad is soooo sweeeettt!" she told me.
I didn't know what to say back to her. This just felt weird. I was 18 and this Sherri couldn't have been that much older than me. 21 at the most. Why was she here and surely she wasn't doing anything sexually with dad or any of these guys who were much older and not attractive at all in that kind of way.
"Let's sit down and chat a bit," Jerry said sitting down at the round table in his room.
Ed and Bill sat down also at the table and before I could walk over to the couch, Jerry motioned me to sit at the fourth spot around the table. There was only one other place to sit besides the bed and dad plopped down on the couch with Sherri joining him and sitting up right next to him.
"Son," dad said looking at me. "Did you know about this little surprise?"
Before I could ask, Jerry spoke up that no, I did not know. I was only told to bring him here by 10:00 for a surprise.
"We couldn't have a surprise without Sherri," Jerry said.
Oh really, I wondered. Why?
"Did Sherri make the cake?" I asked.
The whole room except dad and I erupted in laughter.
"No silly," Sherri said. "I am the cake."
Say what!
"It's true," Jerry said as Bill and Ed drunkenly giggled.
"Dad, this isn't right," I said.
"Oh, knock it off," Jerry said cutting me off. "Your old man is having a big day and Sherri wants to be a part of it."
Sherri was now snuggling up next to dad, looking at him and back at Jerry with a devilish grin. I did not like where this was going and expected dad to put an end to it.
"Chuckie has been a very good customer to Sherri," Ed said looking me in the eye as Bill nodded in agreement.
"Yes," Sherri said. "He's my best tipper!"
Sherri was now taking dad's hand and rubbing it. He was starting to get red and I could tell he was uncomfortable.
"Sherri, didn't you bring Chuck a present?" Jerry asked in a sinister way.
Sherri just smiled back and giggled as she glanced back and forth between dad, Jerry, Ed, and Bill.
"Sherri?" Jerry pressed.
Sherri reached over and whispered something into dad's ear that made his eyes open wide and his mouth open wider.
"What was that?" Jerry asked. "I couldn't year you Sherri."
"Yeah Chuck," Bill added. "What kind of present does Sherri have for you?"
Dad was speechless and I was starting to get mad.
"Sherri?" Jerry wasn't going to give up.
"I told him I was going to suck his dick," Sherri said through her immature giggles.
Jerry, Bill, and Ed all erupted into loud cheers as they clapped and hooted.
"Come on dad," I said standing up. "Let's go."
"No!" Sherri said putting her leg over dads and her arms around his shoulder. Why wasn't he pushing her away and getting up to leave with me?
"Now Chuckie Junior," Jerry said. "You should be happy for your old man. When you're his age, opportunities like this won't come like they do now. I think you should let him have his cake and eat it too."
"Dad," I said looking at him in the eye.
"Dad."
The room got quiet for a minute but Jerry took on a serious note and said...
"Chuck, this could be the last opportunity you have for something guys like us fantasize about. Are you really going to throw it away?"
Dad was now starting to sweat, and his face was getting redder. What was he going to do?
Sherri continued to be aggressive and got into his lap, riding him like some stripper doing a lap-dance.
"Chuck," dad said with the weakest voice I've heard from him.
"Yes dad," I replied.
"Your mom doesn't need to know about this."
No effin way! Dad was actually going to go through with this!
"Gentlemen," Jerry said. "Let's have some cake and let these two go at it."
Jerry started to slice the cake for the four of us as Sherri started to rub dad's legs. Dad was clearly uncomfortable but there was no place for them to go as this was a converted motel room.
"Don't mind us," Jerry said. "We'll eat our cake while you two eat yours."
Laughter from everyone except me.
I looked over at Jerry with looks that could kill. I hated this motherfucker with a greater intensity than anyone I'd ever hated before. Same for Bill and Ed. And right now, I hated my own father.
I didn't want to look but I did, and Sherri and dad were now kissing. She was definitely the aggressor as she rode his lap and shoved her tongue into his throat which he welcomed.
"Is he getting hard?" Jerry inappropriately asked.
"Mmm-hmmm," she said.
"Your pants are in the way," I heard Sherri say.
She got up and started to un-buckle his belt. Dad just looked at her in the eyes like he couldn't believe this was happening to him.
"Here we go," Jerry said as she slid down his jeans, taking off his shoes and socks as she un-dressed him in front of his son and his friends.
"Chuck," Jerry said putting his arm around me. "Your father is one lucky dude."
I glanced at Jerry with anger.
Looking back over, dad was taking off his precious lucky. He was completely entranced by Sherri and totally oblivious to me and his loud, obnoxious buddies cheering him on in the same room.
Sherri remained clothed in her skimpy outfit as she positioned herself on the couch to where we could have a view of the show -- something I assume Jerry pre-arranged. It was uncomfortable to say the least to see my father, completely naked and sprouting an erection which by now was at full mast.
My father was well hung compared to me and he was throbbing as Sherri went down and began to lick his penis up and down the shaft.
"Feeling good Chuckie boy?" Jerry asked.
"Oh yeah," dad sighed.
Sherri by now had shut up with the giggling and was focused on my father's penis. She continued to tease it, circling the head with her tongue, and stopping for a visit with the tip of her tongue into his urethra which made him open his eyes. She looked directly at me as she opened her mouth and took my dad's entire manhood into his throat, all the way down to his testicles.
"Wow!" Ed exclaimed.
"Holy shit," Bill added.
"That-a-girl," Jerry said.
Sherri was positioned on her side purposely so all of us could watch her suck my father's cock. And suck she did as she bobbed up and down, moaning with pleasure. Dad meanwhile was in another world. He looked up at the ceiling in ecstasy as Sherri orally pleased him.
"Chuck," Jerry said looking over at me. "Your old man right now is living the fantasy of guys like us."
Shut up Jerry I said under my breath.
Sherri got up and down on her knees in front of dad's crotch, positioning her butt to where we could see it. To nobody's surprise, she wasn't wearing panties under her mini skirt. She bobbed on his pole as he accepted the fact of what was happening to him and began to thrust his hips upward, letting her take more and more. He groaned a big one and looking over, I could see that she was now tea-bagging him.
"Damn!" Jerry said, looking over at the action.
"How are you feeling buddy?" Ed called out.
"Oh man," dad said. "You guys are the best."
"What about me?" Sherri said.
"Oh honey," dad said. "You. Are. Incredible."
Sherri was now alternating between sucking dad's rock-hard penis and licking his testicles.
"Oh Sherri, Oh Sherri," dad said with pleasure.
"Sherri," Bill said. "I think Chuck is enjoying his present. Is there more you have for him?"
Sherri stood up and faced up. Dad looked disappointed that she'd stopped sucking him but that was about to change as she lifted her mini-skirt and got up on the couch, lowering herself onto his erection.
Dad groaned and looked shocked as he realized that he was now fucking this young hottie.
Sherri bounced up and down on his penis as he wrapped his arms around her front and began to fondle her breasts inside her tight halter-top.
"You guys are the best friends ever," dad said.
Sherri moaned like a porn star as she rode dad, but it seemed like she really was enjoying it and the thrill of the audience she had.
"I want to taste you cum," I heard her say.
"You getting close buddy?" Jerry asked.
"Yeah," dad panted as Sherri bounced up and down on his penis.
"Oh, oh, oh!" dad exclaimed.
Sherri got off him and quickly put her mouth over his penis as his volcano erupted. She took it all like a pro as Jerry and team clapped and once he had finished, opened her mouth, and showed his white load to us before she swallowed.
My naked father stood up, kissed Sherri on the forehead and then high-fived his buddies but not me. I was too dumbstruck to even comment. All I wanted to do was leave but that wasn't going to happen for several more hours.
Afterwards, Sherri stuck around and had a pizza lunch with us. She blew dad again during the game and a third time to console him after they lost.
On the way home, dad and I didn't speak a single word to each other. We also totally forgot to go to the grocery store which pissed mom off. Oh, if only she knew what had happened earlier in the day: then she really would have been pissed.
And that was my dad's 60th birthday. It was one he and I will never forget.