I woke up to a fresh Seattle morning. The air was clearing from early morning fog and it wasn't raining. The smell of fish and brine was not strong. I am taking an early morning walk and will stop at the store on the way back to my apartment. I like to stay fit and the guys say I am beautiful. I am wearing a refreshing pink tank top and no bra. The sheer feel makes me feel good. I pinched my nipples before I left, but the fresh air through the fabric kept them hard.
I see an officer sitting in his squad car notice me, a beautiful lady in bright pink and skin tight yoga pants about to walk past. I waved at him. I knew he could see my pussy and the material in my camel toe along with the fresh air tingled my clit.
Officer Biten waved back.
I walked a little closer. "Hi officer. Did you have a busy night?"
"It wasn't too bad." Officer Biten as most cops lived on the fence between good and bad. He had to keep a friendly and respectful countenance for the public, but had to be able to deal with really bad people sometimes. To do his job he often had to associate with the bad people.
Looking at his badge I said, "Oh you are Officer Biten."
Answering he said, "Yes how did you know?"
I said, "I saw it on your badge silly. I love uniforms, can I see?" I leaned slightly in the window and saw the bulge of his cock. I tried to determine what it looked like right now, and what it would look like fully erect. I could almost make out how big his balls are. Briefly I imagined what they would feel like slapping against my ass.
He was looking directly at my pussy and I knew he could see right through the sheer material to my perfect camel toe. I knew he could see my dark pubic hair in contrast, and the way he was staring, I knew he could see the outline of my clit.
"So what do you do Officer Biten?"
"I do police work of course, and that includes vice, drugs, and investigations." Breaking his stare he said, "I see you have lovely skin tone. You look exotic. What is your name?"
"Trixie. Thank you for the compliment, I am mixed Native American from the Southwest and the Northwest Tribes. So you said you work drugs, I saw a man sleeping at the head of an alley a while ago. The alley is known for drug users. I see drug deals sometimes."
Officer Biten pulled out a business card. "Take this with you, and if you see more street deals, you can call me."
"I call my friends by their last name. Is it ok if I call you Biten?"
"Sure."
A couple nights later, I woke up in the middle of the night very horny and I couldn't go back to sleep. I remembered seeing another drug deal on a nearby corner in broad daylight. It was a street with a lot of boarded up windows, and a lot of black guys with long hair dreadlocks. I had seen ladies panties and shoes in the weeds next to the sidewalk. I was in my baby doll night gown with red bikini panties. Feeling frisky I decided to call Biten.
"Officer Biten," he answered not recognizing my number.
"Hi Biten. This is Trixie, do you remember me?"
"Oh yes, I do. What can I do for you?"
"I have something for you."
"Oh yeah," he said perking up.
"I have some information for you as you requested Biten."
"Tell me Trixie."
"I am afraid to give it over the phone, could you stop by?"
"I can make time, where do you live?"
I told him how to get here, and went to brush my hair and get some perfume.
Soon I heard a knock at the door. I went to the door and opened it slowly so I could draw in the entire sight of his uniform and his figure. I let my eyes hesitate longingly at his crotch. "Come in Biten," I said as I closed and locked the door behind him. "Why don't you come in here where we can talk," I said as I drew him into the comfy living room. "I appreciate you coming over," I said as I made a motion to hug his side. He let an arm drape around my back as we hugged sides and I rubbed my pussy on his uniformed leg.
"Sure," he said apparently searching for the right words to say. "Tell me what's going on, why don't you."
"You know I have a fetish for uniforms don't you?" as I moved my pussy around on his leg, and gave a little humping that just turned on my clit so much I almost couldn't stand it.
"No Trixie, I guess I didn't realize that."
"I saw these guys at the corner smoking something, and I saw them make a transaction. Also I saw some woman's clothes lying on the ground. The panties were torn."
"That may be bad," Biten said.
"Yes, but I was hoping one of them had some mescaline, that is what our tribe uses."
Biten's hand was slipping up and down my side and getting closer to my boob. From the side he caught glimpses of her nipples through the gown, and he was starting to get hard.
Biten asked, "Isn't that similar to cocaine?"
"Yes baby, do you have some?"
Nervously Biten drew a small packet from his pocket. It had a white powder. "Is this what you mean?'
I said, "Yes, let's try it and see."
Biten had never shown anyone that he occasionally kept samples of arrest drugs.
I offered, "Let's make a couple lines on the coffee table and check it out." Later on I would repeat the story in third person, i.e. "Trixie helped make a couple lines on the table while Biten rolled up a dollar bill. Biten went first and then Trixie snorted a line for her self. The both felt more sociable, confident, euphoric, and horny."
Biten hugged me from the front, slowly looking up and down my gown. I knew he could see my figure, panties, and boobs. His mouth looked like he was preparing to suck my boobs.
"Frisk me," I said. "Don't you have to check me out?" I turned with my front to the back of the couch and my back toward him. I drew one of his arms around my stomach pulling him to my backside. It was so sexy feeling. "Aren't you going to pin me with your cock in my crack and frisk my boobs?"
Biten pulled us tight together with one hand around my stomach and the other sliding up my side. Soon I could feel his hand on my boob. I was getting hot. I felt his breath on the nape of my neck. My straps were falling from my shoulders with the secretive coaxing of his hands. My gown dropped and when the air hit my boobs I could feel my nipples tighten and poke out. As the gown continued to drop I could feel a rush of air down the gap in my panties at the top of my crack. I felt him lean back slightly and I knew he was looking down my ass crack.
I took the hand over my stomach and slid it down over my panties to tease him and to tickle my clit. I felt him touch over my pussy lips.
I brought his hand up and slid it back down under my panty band. I felt it glide through my pussy hair and made it circle my clit hood before cupping my mound.
Biten starts groping my pussy, but then I told him, "I like it from the back. It feels so good to have a man hold me from the back, and caress my spine all the way up and down."
After a couple minutes I said, "Aren't you going to spank me?"
By this time I knew he couldn't take it any longer. I heard him unfasten his pants and heard them drop to the floor. Biten bent me over the couch back and pulled my panties down. I felt them drift down my legs to the floor. I felt the very warm cock lay into my butt crack. He cupped my boobs from behind, he let one hand down and cupped my pussy from behind, and then with one hand on a boob, he pulled my hair. Over the couch back my ass was at a perfect and inviting angle.
Within a minute I felt the head of his cock teasing the entrance of my pussy. I felt the skin of it getting slick and felt my juices spreading on it. He pushed the head to my entrance and used a hand to push my legs further apart. It felt warm and I couldn't believe how awesome it felt filling and moving my hole around. Slowly and gently at first he then started to push in and out.
I pushed back trying to grab and squeeze his cock with my pussy. I squeezed it hard. I felt our juices combine together in a mouth watering frothy cream. He fondled my butt cheeks, ran a tickling finger up and down my crack from my extended pussy skin clinging to his cock, across my asshole and to the small of my back. It made my whole spine tingle. Then he spanked me. I could feel my ass cheeks bounce, and then he fondled them some more.
He put a hand around my neck and pulled my hair. While still pulling my hair he moved the other hand to my butt and fingered my ass hole, my first time anal. My pussy was still gripping his cock with every thrust. He spanked me again, pulled my hair and head back, and then we both shook and clinched in orgasm at the same time. He collapsed over me and we stayed in position for a few minutes.
The next day, Biten acquired a ride-along trainee.
Biten asked the trainee, "What's your name?"
"They told me to use the code name Seattle." He looked Hispanic, but didn't say.
"Ok Seattle, I will show you the ropes tonight. Take this very seriously though there may be some things you might see and you will need to keep them totally secret because some of the duties are active investigations."
"No problem Biten."
They drove through some sketchy parts of town. For the first time Seattle saw some strip clubs and naked women through the door. He saw used rubbers on the side walk next to the building. They went on and Biten stopped the car.
Biten said, "Wait here."
Seattle saw Biten walk up to a black man with dreadlocks and a red scarf. He saw them exchange something and then Biten came back to the car.
Biten said, "We do vice, and drug investigations among other things." They pulled into a vacant parking lot and Biten stopped. "Have you ever seen cocaine?"
"No."
"Well let me give you a sample of it so you know what we are working on."
Soon after the sample, Seattle was feeling more friendly and affectionate toward Biten. He didn't know why but he was getting a hard on that lasted the rest of the shift.
The next night Seattle asked, "Do you have some more of that cocaine?"
Biten feigned ignorance. "I don't think so, but there is always some around." They pulled into a dark and vacant parking lot with only a motel sign lighting the interior of the car.
Seattle said, "That stuff was good. I would like to try some more to make sure I have the right experience for the job."
Biten replied, "I can't say for sure, but I might be able to come up with something."
"I'll do any thing to get some."
Biten said, "Are you willing to be eager and follow instructions?"
Seattle almost jumped with joy. "Yes."
"I want you to see what it does to you." Biten was baiting the hook.
"Ok."
"Bend down here and unzip my pants. You need to see what it did to me."
Seattle bent over and unzipped Biten.
"Now take it out, and wet your lips. Now rub your lips on it, make fish lips. Just kiss it. Give it some kisses until it gives you some pre-cum. Push on it until the head is between your lips. Hold the base of it with your hand to see how hard it is. Now with the other hand feel my balls. Go ahead and do what's natural. Suck my cock into your mouth and don't stop until I cum. You better not lose a drop of it if you want some of the cocaine. Tell me if you want to suck it."
Without hesitation Seattle said, "Let me suck your cock and balls."
Biten watched and coached.
Soon Seattle was swallowing in clumps, then licking and kissing the head. "That was awesome!" After his cum treat he got some more of the white powder.
The next night Trixie called again and stated she saw two cocksuckers in the park doing a transaction.
They drove to the park and Biten said, "There are the two men over there, go see what you can find out."
Seattle went to talk to them. They saw the uniform so they were not going to try anything too risky.
Biten saw they were talking. Biten was getting withdrawals for the first time.
When Seattle came back Biten asked, "Did you get anything?" He saw what appeared to be a package tucked into Seattle's pants.
Seattle replied, "Aren't you going to frisk me?"
When they stopped at Trixie's place she asked, "What's that stuff around your mouth?"
Biten wiped the dried cum from around his mouth.
***
To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!
***