Surprising Dowdy Dani- Again© Literocat 2011
This is a 'timely' Nude Day entry, so please vote and vote a BIG 5! ;-))thanks.
After far too many drinks, my old friend and author-wanna-be, Joe M. Starki, convinced me to tell him more about Dowdy Dani. Like everyone else, he believed mySurprising Dowdy Danistory was all fiction. We were alone in my kitchen and his stares in the quiet house pressured me insistently to fill the silent void.
"Where do I start, Joe? Let me rewind a little bit. Remember from the first part that our new neighbors for just four months, who, since then became close and VERY intimate friends, had us over for dinner, in both senses. Considering Dani's comment, "Why wait a month? Gary's right, I am too horny now to wait that long. Though I want a good fucking daily now, how about we start with a weekly party? And if we need an emergency fucking, let's use our secret, subtle code word, PIZZA PARTY.' We had made plans for that Friday night to comply with Dani's urgent, 'appalling' demands. HA! Instead of having HOT pizza and a PIZZA party, Gary had called that Friday morning and canceled. The End."
"What!?! Fuck you. That can't be the end. I know more happened. Did you ever come thru with your promise to give her thirty orgasms and make her conk out?"
"No fooling you, huh? I'll get to that too. Dani was questioning what we all, especially SHE, had done. She cooled quickly after that night and we didn't hear from them for a month. What happened to the woman who wanted'a good fucking daily'? Was dowdy Dani reclaiming her shy, awkward, conservative demeanor? THAT would be tragic. I later learned that she didn't respond to Gary's advances since that night, so I conspired with Gary that we could inspire her again if we started slowly with fewer expectations. It took nearly two more months of friendly conversations with her to calm her fears. I told him I was sure we could get her naked and maybe a little playful again."
Gary: "Sounds good, but I still want her doing all she did last time. I really want to watch you fuck her again and make her cum over and over while I fuckyourwife. Is that too much to ask?"
The horny bastard was eager to share his wife so he could get laid by mine first! , "Of course I agree with all that, but you can't say it that way to Dani if she's nervous again about all this. How about you guys come over about noon Thursday? Tell her we're celebrating Earth Day though it's really NDD, National Nude Day, and I'll grill some home made pizza with no pressure for sex, umm PIZZA! I'll extend the canopy to shade her and so she can dress as daringly and scantily as she likes. Encourage that. It will be just the four of us this time... at least for a while."
Dani reluctantly agreed and we schemed how to persuade her to release her inner slut and bless us with her true animal cravings. Sue and I decided to use our proven 'apron' seduction. You remember, of course, the first time we did that, Joe? Well, by noon the grill was hot and ready. Our guests knew to come directly to the back yard. That house was on a corner lot, so the side entrance to the back yard was on the busier street with quite a lot of foot traffic. Dani rolled Gary in his wheelchair thru the side gate and stopped cold, mid greeting, when she saw us. We had our backs to her, tending the grill. Both of us wore only hemp sandals and our knee length, fern-green, all cotton, heavy aprons. We pretended not to hear the gate swing closed and they took their time silently gawking at us and our bare asses.
Finally, Gary let fly a loud wolf whistle that startled us to turn around. Dani was still frozen, jaw open. "Hi guys, glad you could come. Gary, stop whistling at my husband's butt. You're going to give me a complex. Shouldn't you be looking at mine instead?" She bent forward a bit and wiggled her little ass at them. " I see Dani is still locked onto hubby's hairy ass." Still holding a spatula, Sue went over to hug Dani. As she shuffled over, her little tits swayed in and out of the shelter of the narrow apron's chest cover. She bent to hug Gary and one tit completely escaped the side of her apron, but not Gary's or Dani's notice. As Sue hugged him, Dani watched her husband pinch and pull my wife's nipple. Sue held the hug for a long while with a wide grin for Dani. When they finally broke the greeting hug, Sue kissed him intimately.
Dani seemed flustered and didn't know what to do. Caught gaping, Dani loudly snapped her mouth shut and stuttered, "I ahh thought this was just a BBQ. Umm, why are you guys naked?"
I grinned a reply, "That's ALL it is so far, and it can stay that way if we like. That doesn't mean we should be uncomfortable and too hot. I know it's cheesy, but I can't resist - you girls just can't help being too hot! Sorry. And we're not naked. Can't you see these Earth tone aprons? The blue Earth on the front is a hint that we got these just for today. I can't get my moobs to pop in and out of the apron like Sue can, but you can see the chest cover only hides half of each of our nipples at best. The fresh starch is scratching my nipples so I don't know how long I can tolerate that. I do have another apron I prefer to wear. In big letters, near the top, it says 'KISS THE COOK'. I had a full size image of my smiling face printed near the bottom and carefully cut an opening between my lips so I could stick out my lower 'tongue' for a French/Aussie kiss. Should I go put it on instead?" She didn't answer.
Gary was shirtless in loose shorts and calf casts. Unfortunately, Dani wore long white pants and an airy white, long-sleeved, thin sweater with TWENTY fraking tiny buttons that held it closed all the way to her clavicle! Even worse, she wore a bra that tried to suppress her tall nipples. Her wide-brim, floppy hat hid much of her pretty face. As she came closer, I didn't see panty lines, but I knew she wore something. I hoped to get a better look later. "Dani, it's 93 degrees so why are you wearing a sweater and long pants?"
"You know I'm a little photo phobic so I have to stay out of direct sun. Even dressed like this my hands and face are still at risk."
"I remembered, and promised I'd extend the patio canopy for you." I pressed the button and it slowly stretched over us. Gary, giving her an annoyed look, unbuttoned all but one of her sweater sealers and exposed nearly all her sweet, deep cleavage. "You can lose the big, floppy hat now. I guess that means you won't be catching some rays or swimming today. I've seen free standing canopies on sale. If I get two, I can cover the whole pool so you can come for a nude swim next time in daylight. But sexy as this is now, I still can't stand looking at that warm sweater." Before she could object, I peeled it over her head as she squealed and pretended to fight me. "Ahhhh, much better. If that nude bra makes your gorgeous tits sweat, it has to go too. I'll be watching, closely. We got you a special little gift, but I guess we have to return your solar powered Rabbit!"
Sue chimed in, "Yeah, ha ha! Never mind him. In fact, we got you a matching apron. Don't wait til it hits 100. Why don't you strip down right now and try on the apron. It might even be too warm to wear that for long. You can't be embarrassed after all we did last time. Take a few minutes, if you need them, andI'llhelp you undress this time if I can beat my husband to you! Meanwhile, help yourself to that pitcher of L.I. Iced tea." Sue knew Dani wasn't a big drinker, so one glass, at FOUR shots per glass, of L.I.I.Tea should drop her inhibitions ...or knock her on her very cute ass.
"What, no apron for me?" feigned Gary. "Am I stuck in these cargo shorts all day?"
"Ohhh, I'm so sorry honey. We decided you didn't need an apron." Sue put down the spatula and bounded to him. "I assumed that once I got your pecker out, you wouldn't want to cover it again. Was I wrong? Lift your ass for me." Before he did, he scooped a little tit into his mouth and bit then sucked her nipple as we all watched. Sue struggled with the belt and zipper. Her stiff nipple fell from his lips when he lifted up and she pulled the shorts over his casts. His stiff dick stood straight up. Sue spread his knees. "Keep them open if you can so we can enjoy your meat dildo."
"Well!!! This tea is potent!" Dani slurred slightly after gulping down the glassful. "This seems to be quickly morphing into a 'PIZZA PARTY' anyway, so..." I didn't think she needed to know there was no tea in her drink. Not yet. Surprising Dani daringly popped her bra open and shrugged it off defiantly. She seemed to need to launch it into the pool before she could change her mind. Her beautiful, firm full C-cups stood securely with no sag. Perfect, mouth-watering mammaries were capped with tall, hard, perfect nipples that I remembered clearly from our last party and wanted to bite again. She took a moist towelette or two from the box and wiped off the perspiration on her tits slowly and teasingly. The chill made her nipples immediately screw themselves into tight knots. After refilling her tea, she sashayed her narrow waist and sexy hips to her husband, deliberately making each tit bounce with every stride. Gary drooled watching his sexy, un-dowdy wife openly flaunt her tits for all of us. She opened the towelette, reached between his legs and wiped his balls and still stiff staff. As she wiped, he bit her nearest nipple and stared at me with a huge grin. Dani kept her legs straight and boldly sucked his boner into her mouth. THAT was the most sex he'd had from her since our last meeting. Her giggling with a mouthful of her husband's cock made him groan. Wether as competition with Sue or just committing to perform for us, the sight was positively lustful. Her tight white slacks clung beautifully over her well-rounded seat and made a perfectly plumped, heart-shaped camel toe for me to drool over. Distracted by thoughts of revisiting her beautiful pussy, I nearly burned the pizzas.
While Dani was distracted by the stiffening meat in her mouth, Sue kneeled behind her and stroked her shaped, brilliant white globes sensually. Seeing no resistance, she worked her hands to the front and unbuttoned the sexy slacks then unzipped them. Still no resistance. As she struggled to strip the skintight pants from our guest, she casually ran her hands up Dani's thighs and lightly caressed the sweet delta where they met. Dani let loose a low growl and twitched her hips against Sue's fingers. Not soon enough, her slacks sprung over her shapely seat and revealed a white thong that had let her bare beautiful butt shape the slacks. After removing the high heels, Sue wrestled the pants down her legs and off her feet. "What a vision of artistic surprises you are. I'm glad I have this apron on to restrain me or my throbbing dick would be on the grill with the other organic meats! Sue, as I recall, Dani's heavenly pussy is nearly as gorgeous and flawless as yours. Show me!" She didn't need my directions as she had already snagged the thong, sensually peeling it over the gorgeous globes, and was kissing and licking Dani's derriere. Heaven was as luscious looking and moist as I remembered. Turning to check the food, I missed Sue's next step. "Whenever you get done over there, I want to see what you know about international kissing. Nothing, I hope, so I can enlighten you. Did I tell you guys that we will be playing with our food before we eat it? Oops. Looks like my wife already introduced you to Aussie kissing. But you knew it from last time even if we didn't give it a name." I could tell by her moans that she was enjoying the kisses 'down under' so I just licked my lips and drooled silently.
Dani finally released Gary's unsatisfied dick and picked up her beverage. She turned her flawless naked body to me and raised her glass. "WOW! This drink ish good, but I think it's making me sweat." She took another big gulp of 'tea'. With a slight slur, she added, "So wherez my ahpron, doll? I want to char your meat! Tee heee. Hahw do you meeen 'play' with de foodz?"
"Well, you're going to have to wait a bit to see. Just until I get some of this food off the grill and let it cool down to playing temperature. You also had to get naked for us. Did we tell you that we're going all organic today just for 'Earth Day'? Not just the corn cobs, carrots and bread sticks, but the sausages are organic pork and beef. I made them this morning, so they are very fresh. I see you've noticed the grilled pizzas on sandstone. Sue made them with whole wheat flour and all organic soy cheese and soy pepperoni toppings. Sounds horib... I mean delicious. Doesn't it? Let's switch you to a light beer."
"Why? Hahw come I feel so tsipsy on tea? You been messing with me again! And ferget about that 'Earth Day' crap. I know it was in April sometime. I'm not as dumb as you drunk I am." Sue and Gary smothered a laugh and I wondered how she could get so plastered on just two drinks... until I remembered that she skips breakfast and her flat tummy was empty. Except for a pint of 'tea'!
Joe: "That 'tea' packs a huge punch no matter which way you make it. I know YOUR way will knock me out after three glasses, so two must have had her in a dizzy loop. Go on. I'm drooling here." He subtly rubbed his crotch.
"Hold your horses, Joe. I didn't want to rush things though I did have a surprise guest coming and a real Nude Day test for her." I moved all the meats and pizzas off the heat. "Before you put on the apron, doll face, let's check and clean you up a bit." She looked puzzled and furrowed her brow when she saw me grab two foot-long bread sticks. "Lean back on the table and put one foot on the bench." As soon as she was stable, I leaned in for a tasty French kiss. As our tongues tangoed, we both moaned at the intense pleasure of the passionate kiss. I kissed her neck and softly scraped my teeth against her nape on my way to her ample tits. She mewled lightly. My hand lifted a bountiful breast and dialed her stiffening nipple. My mouth approached as if in slow motion. This lovely lady was already making me dizzy with desire despite the minor contact so far. My tongue licked then wrapped around the turgid nipple, allowing me to suck in the perfect puppet. She threw her head back and groaned loudly; my vision dimmed from the bliss. It was as if the 'tea' had reached her mammaries and I was getting drugged by sucking in her 'mother's tea' though no 'tea' was needed. Her natural pheromones and innate eroticism were, truthfully, enough to inebriate me.
When my vision cleared a bit, I saw Sue squatting on Gary's lap and softly speared on his harpoon. Both were watching us while Sue gyrated slowly. My hand slid across Dani's toned abs, to her hip and back to her hairy pubes. It slowly, gently, pushed over her stiffened clit. My curled middle finger dragged lightly into her gash, pushing it open, as its neighbor fingers spaced her major labia from her groin. My middle finger opened the moist gap between her inner lips and, after a brief tease, sank into her steaming, ruttish, demanding love canal. She moaned and her knees trembled. When I crushed my finger up, against her internal clitoral parts and pressured along her G-spot, she collapsed against me and shuddered, gasped and spasmed in her first decent orgasm of the day.
When she could breathe again, she stared at me, briefly confused and hesitant, then held my shoulders and exuberantly forced her tongue deep into my mouth. When I felt my tongue strain I broke away and caught my breath. "Thank you so much. I forgot how intense that could be. I needed that. You have to teach Gary how to do that to me." I didn't expect that strong a reaction so soon. She crushed her breasts against me and whimpered. She still wasn't satisfied at home.
"Here, sweetie, I hope you've been tasting yourself frequently these past months. Let's share your exquisite nectar from my finger." Though I wanted to get on with the plans I'd made, her mouth on my finger with mine was just too HOT to short-change. We ignored our mates and savored the treasure. I went back for two more fingers full before I could get back to the plan. "Lover, I put your foot up for a reason. Though I'm loving this so much, there are some surprises for you I want to get to. There's something about your golden aura that captivates and conquers me. Yet, put your foot back up on the bench. Your sweet, sweet pussy is dripping with nectar."
"And whose fault is that?"
"I wish I could take all the credit. Grab those two bread sticks for me? Thanks. I'm breaking them in half and will screw them into your drenched pussy one at a time, smooth end in of course. Now, while they absorb your incredible elixir, slip on the hemp sandals, suck on two bread sticks to suck up some of that 'tea' and *carefully* walk to your husband. These are very dry and hard, but if they turn into bread crumbs... well it won't be as much fun as it sounds. Gary, give the sticks a half turn then you can lick your fingers. Dani, walk over to the gate and open it." She froze, mid step, but gathered her courage and went to it. When she pushed it open, the spring tried to close it again. "I want you to step outside the gate and use the cable to hook the latch to hold it open. The tree will shade you."
"But, that's a busy street. Won't people see me, and all of you, naked? I don't want strangers to see me, or get arrested."
"Well, you better hurry then, especially since you'll be in some Sun out there. The cable is near the ground. SURPRISE! You won't get arrested today. I guess you missed the mayor's announcement that he would join hundreds of other mayors in celebrating National Nude Day today. Not only is he suspending all arrests for nudity and nude activities, excluding kids, but everyone under him would be naked the entire day and night. All meetings will be in the buff as well as city employees, even routine cops. I'm happy he added a warning to anyone not participating to stay indoors and draw their shades. Look up and down the street and tell me how many people you see naked."
After putting her big hat on, she bent and stuck just her head beyond the gate and looked both ways. "Nearly all of them are naked. I didn't notice before since the street was empty. This happens EVERY year?" I wanted to charge over and peel her cherubic ass cheeks open so I could bury my tongue in her magnetic pussy! Instead, I groaned at the immaculate, tempting sight. She looked back and saw us all facing the open gate and struggled to step outside it. After a short delay and a deep breath for courage, she feigned self confidence and paraded around the gate, onto the busy street. We moved to better see her bent over and tugging at the cable I had deliberately snared in the fence to keep her out there longer. Her tempting tush and massive tits jiggled in harmony as she struggled, never noticing the 40ish couple from across the street approaching her. She must have been a beautiful sight with her left hand holding the gate open and bent over shaking her ass at her new observers.
"Excuse me. Can we help you with that?" Dani gasped and froze at the strange voices and how she imagined she looked from behind. "My husband can free that cable for you. Is... are those bread sticks in your, ummm, sex? What is going on here?" Before Dani could answer, Fred and Whilma looked into my yard and startled. My wife was still bouncing on Gary's dick while my rod was still tenting my apron. "Al, that must be some hard on to tent an apron like that. I'm guessing YOU put the bread sticks in her. We didn't know you were swingers -like us."
Dani stood up and faced the couple. After a moment of appreciation approaching worship, and an elbow nudge from his wife, Fred quickly bent to free the snagged cable - not quick enough for his wife and all of us to see his dick lurch to attention. He stammered, "You're the new couple from down the street. I've seen you around, but I never suspected..... you're a goddess! Oooops! Ahh, Whilma, YOU too have to agree with that." Dani ran to me and hid behind me. "I hope you're all disease free, as we are. We get monthly testing done as required by our ummm, social club."
"Hi guys. Happy to see you're celebrating NND too. She has no idea what a vision she is and she won't believe me or her husband there. Yes, the bread sticks are my doing. They should be about ready to eat now. Why don't you share them with us, SHE'll make more. My wife should be wet enough for some too. Stand up, hon so we can check. Fred, would you take a look in her pussy while I grab two more sticks? Dani, would you like to lick clean your husband's dick?"
She was embarrassed to lick Sue's cream off Gary's rigid rod in front of strangers, so Whilma asked if Dani minded if she ate him. Dani shrugged an OK and watched a stranger bend over and lick from his balls to his glans. Gary grinned like a virgin until she inhaled his stiff little dick. In one move, her nose was pressing hard against his pubes. He felt the moist warmth of her mouth and moaned for several seconds. Her tongue did something he'd never felt as she used it to help stretch and guide his pole until she could inhale it into her throat. When she squeezed the tip of his cock in her throat, something completely foreign to him, he gasped in shock, fear and nirvana. In three quick squeezes he lurched off the chair and shot his load directly into her throat. He collapsed, gasping for air, his eyes rolling around his head. Whilma sucked and licked the last of his cum. "WHERE have you been all my life? Dani, you have to learn what she just did. It... it was incredible."
Joe piped up, "Jeeez I hope you know what she did. That could be money!" Leave it to him to be a distraction.
"You can rub yourself, Joe, but keep it in your pants man. OK? Didn't I just tell you what she did? Can I get back to it?" He zipped his mouth but kept squeezing his dick.
While Whilma sucked Gary's cock, Fred closely inspected my wife. She bent over, away from him, and he kneeled behind her. He spread her cheeks and rubbed her star hole before spreading her fattened fanny. I could see it glistening from several feet away. "She sure looks and smells ready." He pushed two fingers deep into her cunt and twirled them around her G-spot. She gasped and shuddered almost immediately in climax. "She was ready to pop and has flooded her snatch with more juice. And ohhh my, she does taste good too! Her tempting bung hole is in my face. Do you mind if I fill it with my cream? Whilma will suck it clean." Without waiting for an answer, his ran his slim, nine inch dick up her thighs and dipped it deep into her pussy before rubbing it over Sue's rear hole. I wondered when a slick, beautiful, creamy, tight, warm pussy became secondary, so casually exploited simply to lubricate a stiff dick or other bung hole invader. Seems a waste, disrespectful even.
As Fred began plundering my wife's ass, I took Dani to Whilma and snaked one arm behind the apron so I could move it behind me. My fat, eight-inch cock was finally exposed, throbbing and well covered in Cowper's. I put Dani's hand on it and we looked into Whilma's vacillating vagina. We kneeled behind her as she kept licking Gary's dick. She'd never had kids, so her 40+ pussy wasn't badly stretched and looked very attractive, as plumped up as it was. Dani was surprised it looked so good and was so wet. She wouldn't lick it until I did. I rolled an outer lip open with a thumb and had Dani mimic me. When I pulled an inner lip open, a deep musky and intoxicating fragrance escaped. When I had Dani catch some of it, she inhaled very deeply and slowly. She opened the other lip and put her nose against it. Fred saw our goddess push her face into his wife's snatch and he groaned and slammed my wife's little ass.
"Before I forget, let's get these out of you. Roll onto your back." I gently twisted the flavor enhanced bread sticks out of her bread box. Only Gary and Fred had free mouths, but they were too distracted to eat even the elixir from a goddess. At least I wanted to savor her, but I also wanted my tongue in the freshly dripping box before me. I put the Dani-saturated sticks on a plate and covered it for later.
We put our face cheeks on Whilma's cheeks. Now covered in nectar, I sucked and licked her labia before dipping my tongue into her box. After sweeping two fingers around her vestibule, I wiped them on Dani's lips. She pulled away with a 'gross' expression, then licked them and soon leaned in for more. She shortly agreed that the flavor of the second pussy she ever tasted was also delicious. Gary toyed with the F-cups now in his face as his wife dug deeper into fresh pussy. "Let's make more juice." I told Dani. Still using just two fingers in Whilma's deeper and bigger well, one of mine and one of Dani's, I rubbed along her internal clit until her legs twitched. Dani grinned at me. I moved her finger up to find the elusive G-spot. "Here's something I've never done before - exploring a pussy with another's hand. When we get to her G, I'll leave your finger next to it and go to the other side. When we stroke it, try to avoid rubbing it directly." Since it was already swollen, it was easy to find. We stroked along the G together until Whilma began gasping. Her pussy got very wet, but we kept going. As she seemed about to peek, I rubbed across and pressed her G firmly into her. She screamed and squirted her fluids onto our hands and faces. I kept Dani close so we were both soaked in sweet pussy juice.
When I said I needed to cum, Whilma turned quickly and kissed my cock. Before she could swallow it, Dani nudged her aside and lightly ran her teeth along my dick before sucking it in deep. Her tongue lapped the sweet and slippery Cowper's off me. She gripped my rod tightly and held it still for Whilma to suck while, moaning, she licked Whilma's juices off my face.
I heard Fred and Sue grunting. The sound of his flesh slapping against my wife's ass added to the dense sexual intensity all around. Dani turned over me, placing her beautiful, wet cunt just inches from my famished mouth, and was shocked at how darkly purple she'd made my cock head. She released it and kissed it, commenting how remarkably smooth and hard it was. "Stop admiring it and just EAT it or I will!" Whilma shouted. Dani dipped her mouth over me and rubbed my turgid tip about her gums and cheeks before wrapping her warm tongue around my compliant cock. It just took a moment to remember her lesson on deep throating and she slid me deeper and deeper into her dense, tight throat. The heat and pressure were too much for me to last. The second time her lips pressed my pubes, I exploded in several bursts, directly into her belly. As my dick melted in her mouth, I saw two dew drops about to fall from her pristine, pouty lips into my mouth. I pulled my head up and licked away the heavenly juice.
When I pulled her sensuous lips open and stared at the wet immaculate cavern inside her, Whilma moved her nose next to it. She nodded at me with a raised eyebrow, asking permission to invade the pure paradise before us. I nodded my OK. Her long tongue snaked inside and licked her lips and walls with a noticeable slurping noise. Every time she came up for air, I dove in. Soon, I had two fingers inside her while Whilma kept eating her. When I struck her G the same way we hit the Whilma's, she too screamed in climax and flooded her rippled pussy again. Whilma left all that wet treasure for me and licked her way up her ass crack.
Dani flinched, but my renewed pussy licking kept her clinging on my mouth. When Whilma spread her gorgeous globes and licked around her rosebud, Dani tensed and squeezed it closed. Whilma kept lapping gently with a puzzling occasional squeak while I kept dining at Dani's divine deli. We heard a loud grunt and squeal at once and knew Fred had just filled Sue's ass with his cum. Since his wife was busy with Dani, he sat back to recover and watch. That was when he noticed that Gary had two fingers in Whilma's ass and was pumping hard, accounting for the squeaks, while she was getting the tip of her tongue just past Dani's first sphincter. Sue was starting to ooze his cum, so he leaned to her ass and, starting at her perineum, licked up the overflow. Gary volunteered, "They made me lick my cum and his the last time we got together. I hated it at first, but warmed up to it. In the last few months, I even ate my own cum off my hands while Dani watched. I like it best as it drips from a pussy, but I'd like to clean up Sue's ass if you don't want it." Fred stepped to his wife as Gary rolled to Sue and began slurping her back door cream pie.
Fred licked his wife's pussy and ass while she finally got her pinky into Dani's ass. Dani clenched down so hard, the finger was unmovable. Even locked in place, Whilma could displace the sphincter/finger together and THAT worked. That gentle sawing, in-out in-out, was enough to get Dani's attention. She'd forgotten how stimulating those nerves were since she didn't let her husband into her ass. Though I ensured my chin was bumping her clit as I licked her nectar, I knew that direct heat and tongue would arouse her more. Whilma pushed the whole pinky into Dani's ass and was twisting as well as pumping it. Dani was already responding to her. I moved my tongue to her clit and, since the hood was already pulled back, licked around it. Dani gasped and lurched backward, onto the invading pinky, then pressed against my mouth. Whilma replaced her pinky with her index finger and Dani's butt hole flowered for her. I sucked with each finger thrust I felt and Dani soon climaxed loudly again. "Oh, Gary, your wife is an addictive, beautiful sex machine!" I noted the odd sneer he hurled at me and wondered why he seemed to disagree.
As she shuddered and twitched, I pulled out from under Dani and quickly turned around so my still stiff dick was against her pussy. "Fred, you know what to do when I get inside her." I knew that wasn't too cryptic. Just as her breathing normalized, I rubbed my stiff dick against her sensitive clit. Her arms and legs twitched again, her face and head shook blankly. I felt Whilma's hand on my cock. She pumped it a few times and Frenched it before rubbing it along and into Dani's rubbery, soaked pussy. The saturated, moist heat inside her was so intense it was nearly painful. Gary had his tongue in Sue's ass and was savoring Fred's cum. Fred had replaced his wife's finger with his own in Dani's ass. Whilma released my dick in Dani's pussy. As Fred stirred his finger in Dani, his wife climbed on a table and offered her wet snatch to my wife. Sue happily sank her face in it.
Dani was calm enough now to feel her first exciting dick in her pussy in three months. While I began joyfully fucking her, I pulled her down to crush her big, soft tits to my chest and keep her ass exposed to Fred's fingers. He already had two inside her ass and she was enjoying them. I felt them press against my dick as I pumped inside her. There was a brief emptiness as he added a third finger. Before pressing in, I felt another finger slide inside her pussy, along my dick. Fred picked up some pussy lube but seemed to linger and wrap his finger around my stiff dick while still in her slippery snatch. What an odd feeling! Maybe he wanted more lube for the other side? Or did he just want an excuse to feel my dick? Before it was too distracting, he pulled out and applied the fresh lube to her back hole and his fingers. I felt the three fingers stretch her anus and press my cock.
Her breathing got raspy again and I knew what was next. The change from fingers to his cock was smooth, but I felt it. Since it was smaller than the fingers, it let her clamp down on his dick without pain. As soon as she relaxed again, he would start deep pumping her ass and rubbing my dick with his from within. We worked up a varying rhythm, alternately pumping or pumping together. I was too engrossed to noticed which worked better. Gary watched dumbfounded as two cocks fucked his wife at once. This time he had a clear view of his wife's willing participation and her lustful reaction. I felt a wet finger slip between my cheeks and assumed Whilma was back. The finger found my rear hole and plunged to the hilt before beginning to pump and seek harmony with our dicks.
If there was any doubt how Dani felt about having two cocks deep inside her, you needed only look at her face. Besides the uncontrolled grunts, her eyes were partially rolled back, her face was slack with a slight smile and her mind was thoughtless. She was obviously overwhelmed by the stimulation and all the climaxes. As she built to another, her pussy began to spasm. This made me and Fred twitch at her whim. I could feel Fred throb and swell as he must have also felt me. Seconds later, Fred was grunting and filling her ass with fresh seed. The finger inside me must have found my prostate for I felt the insufferable urge to burst. Fred helped her start to cum which, with the finger urging me, made me empty my seed sack explosively into her sweet pussy and that pushed her over to another screaming, then whimpering, climax as we all came together.
Gasping for air, Dani didn't have the reserve to French me so we kiss/gasped. Shortly I heard Fred ask if it were Ok for him to clean up Dani's and my juices. With my eyes closed, I grunted an OK. I felt movement along Dani's legs and mine and suddenly my dick was in a warm mouth too. I knew it wasn't Dani so I tried to guess if it were Sue or Whilma. It was surely Whilma's technique with light kisses on the frenulum, light teeth, licking my cum and Dani's elixir and deep sucking me into a tight, warm throat. My cock was too sensitive for extreme contact, so I put my hand on the head in my groin and felt FRED. "Ummm, who taught whom that trick? What are you doing? You can get up now, Fred." Instead of releasing me, he pushed his wet finger into my ass AGAIN and rubbed my prostate. "Jesus, Fred, whhaaaaaaat are yyyyyyyooooooo.....?" And I exploded again, deep into HIS throat. Whilma was sucking Dani's cream pie next to her husband. Gary and Sue were bug eyed and frozen.
When we all caught our breath, Fred and Whilma said their thanks and goodbyes. "Fred, I think you and I have had enough fun at these young people's expense, though they didn't seem to mind us inviting ourselves to their party. You know, now that we've broken the ice, we're going to have outstanding block parties! Any excuse will do as long as you're in our social club. I do hope you'll join. I'll send you details. Just be sure you have a recent medical clearance with you when you apply. Aren't we due for a checkup soon?" They left us on the ground to ponder what just happened. Am I now half gay? We shared small sips of Dani's diluted 'tea' and lots of beer.
Joe: "Wow! I lost track of how many times she came. So now you're gay! When did..." I gave him a 'just shut up' look and glared at his exposed cock he was forcefully fisting. His face was red, his breaths came in gasps and though he tried pinching it off, his seed erupted violently. Blocking and capturing the grunting explosions with his other hand was barely successful. Soon, both hands were clutching at his slimy effusion. While still in the eyes closed ,strangled hold of his climax, he licked and savored his cum as I quietly watched and moved away. " I.. ahh, emm, better clean up and go. We can finish the story another time." He struggled to stuff his deflating dick back in his pants, leaving before he got it all in. We never got back to the tale.
I couldn't help recalling the rest of that delicious day. "Are you OK, Dani? Are you alive?"
"Are you kidding? Did you have all that planned for me? Oh God that was wonderful, amazing and crazy. Is this typical for Nude Day?"
"Well, I did expect a visitor, but not them. And I didn't know they were that wild. What I had planned for you was not THAT wild either and I certainly didn't expect what Fred did to me. Now I have to make peace with that. National Nude Day can be quite mild and doesn't require sex. As on a nude beach, people CAN be naked and resist having sex. The visitor I invited to join us is a gorgeous, slim, blonde, IPX delivery woman who is a clone of Julianne Hough. Julianne's a champion dancer, wonderful singer, exuberantly youthful wet dream who is inexplicably dating Ryan Seacrest. I don't think Jillian has all those talents, but she is a very skillful lover we met in Beare Hamlet last NND. I'll tell you that story another time. Let's eat."
"Are we going to play with our food now? My imagination has been torturing me since you said it."
Sue spoke up, "I think that was the plan. Now I think we need some recovery time. Let's start with the real pizzas I made and move onto the play food later. I better warm them up a little. I can't wait to hear about that social club. How could we not know about it? I guess it's good that it was such a well kept secret. Here, Dani, put on your apron so we can see how cute it is on you, though I don't think you'll have it on long." She retied the top so Dani's bountiful boobs were barely confined behind the apron. I twisted mine around to cover my front again so her husband was the only one still completely naked - except for the casts. We each had half a mini pizza and that was too much! We bit into them and struggled to be polite. By the third bite we were ALL sputtering and laughing at how bad they were. Soy is no substitute for real cheese, but we couldn't find any organic mozzarella. The fake flavored and jerked soy pepperoni wasn't too bad though.
"Al, how did you get so umm, liberal?" Dani asked innocently. "Did you have porn star idols?" She looked so delicious in the apron. Especially since Sue had so loosely tied it that her succulent nipples were rarely covered. She didn't seem to mind or even notice.
"Actually my mom raised me this way. She is a total 'naturalist' and was often naked in and around the house even when we had guests. She and dad insisted on a nude Fridays policy that included any guests that came around. By high school, the place was overrun with boys and a few naked girls. No intercourse was allowed until we were over eighteen, but most everything else was OK. My eighty-six-year old spry grandma can be surprising too, but she has her priorities. When she went to church last week, she chose to go without panties as usual, but she wore a light weight, mid calf skirt and matching plum jacket and gloves. She also wore her big-brimmed hat at a sharp angle that drew criticism for being too sexy. While crossing the lot, a long, strong wind picked up and swirled around her, twisting her dress up to her chin. She grabbed her hat with both hands and held it down. Two friends shuffled over quickly. Frank said, "Mari, your skirt is up to your face and you're showing EVERY hairy thing you have, why are you clinging to your hat?" She stopped short, her skirt still flying, "Frank, everything you see down there is nearing ninety years old. This hat is brand new!" Priorities!" Dani nearly choked laughing.
Sue piped up, "MY grandma is just as bad. She volunteers with a program for shut ins. She goes to their homes twice a month and gives them hand jobs and lets them grope and gum her pussy. It's calledFeels on Wheels." Gary sprayed his beer away from us in a perfect spit take.
"Oh come on! You're kidding us, right?" Sue and I just stared calmly at him, leaving him to answer his own question.
We finished the pizzas and I went inside for my camera and some inet pics I'd found just for the day. After grabbing four more beers, I suggested we all lose the aprons so they would stay clean. The four of us naked, we clinked bottles and toasted the holiday. "You know, this beer may be too chilly. How about you ladies warm them up for us?" Both gave me a quizzical look. " Here, Gary, take a photo of Sue pouring some beer over your wife's pubes while I get my face under her to catch the warmed beer spilling off her sexy split slide. Here's a similar photo. Take it from between my legs so it includes my stiff pike, all of Dani and all of Sue pouring it. -click- That's one for the album." Dani shrieked from the chill and her tasty nipples LEAPT to ATTENTION. "Now, let's take the back off your chair and you take my place. -click- There's two. Push her hood back and poke a finger in her as Sue slowly pours the beer. Last one, spread her bread box wide open so I can zoom in and -flash- got it. TRY to catch SOME of the beer, will ya? I'm not sure the beer tastes any different, but it surely seems better somehow!"
"I have to say I LOVE the decanter. You have a lot of foods here. Are we playing with all of them?" he asked hopefully. Three neighbors slowly walked past our gate and watched us silently.
"Not all, Gary, I want to get to my surprise before sunset, so we'll play with some. You should all feel free to find creative ways to serve the foods. Just be sure they are still edible. I generally avoid stuffing food into her rear oven, but considering you ate Fred's cream pie from Sue's ass and that was deeper than we'll put solid foods, it can't get more risky than that."
"I read that the rectum is very clean even just several minutes after ummm, voiding. That means you guys aren't getting away without something stuffed into your rear ovens since we've been together more than two hours already. Right Dani?"
"Oh shit. Well, not that, but food in my butt? Hmmmm, 'meat for the goose is meat for the gander'! Never thought I'd use that old proverb again. Especially referring to ass food. Sue, where are the pearls you were going to use?"
"I didn't find them, so I brought out my fake pearls. They're too small for anal beads, but they feel good in my pussy. Real pearls don't like the ph in there or the friction they get if you leave them in all day like Ben-Wa balls. The fake ones hold up better and don't chip. They still taste good too when covered in my juices. I surprised Al on our third date when he removed my panties and found the pearls decorating my pussy. Let me show you, Dani. I've been hungry for your juices all day." She stuffed the strand into Dani's soaked pussy and followed them with two swirling fingers. Dani's rapid breathing and swelling eyes said this was much more fun than she expected. Sue stared continuously into Dani's eyes as she stirred the pearls inside our friend. Very shortly Dani's knees trembled in another quake. When the nectar flowed into her palm, Sue extracted her fingers, licked them sensuously and offered to share the treasure with Dani.
Gary and I drooled. Dani sucked Sue's fingers like they were a cock they were sharing. Sue plundered Dani's box again before pulling the faux pearls out erratically, yet carefully, and forcing Dani to lurch and gasp happily with each tug. Sue offered half the strand to Dani's mouth and sucked the other half into hers. In one of the most erotic and spontaneous acts I'd never seen before, Sue pulled Dani's face to hers and they Frenched across and around the pussy soaked pearls. I groaned at the sight. I wanted to savor that flavor that was doubtlessly soaked into the strings. Tongues still danced long after the pearls must have been cleaned. Gary was squeezing his staff and looking away to prevent his eruption. "Mmmmm! Did I forget to show you how to decorate? Let's try again. This time, I want both our pussies to soak the pearls. Here, stir them in me first." Giddy, Dani pushed them in Sue with her thumbs and stirred them around her soaked snatch. As she rubbed them around in my wife's love tunnel, she also pulled away her clit hood and lightly stroked it.
I remembered the camera and -click- took a close shot followed by a longer one that showed all of them.... and the group staring gob smacked from our gate. They also saw Sue's climax and Dani tug the pearls from Sue's pussy then watched Sue stuff Dani's pussy with them. -click- After just seconds inside Dani, Sue pulled them out, now soaked in two varieties of thick, sticky elixir. When they put the ends into their mouths and savored their mixed treasures, -click-
I reminded Sue about the decorating. She sighed deeply and guided Dani to her back on the bench. After lifting both legs to her shoulders, Sue's face was inches from Dani's beautiful box. -click- She licked her lips, then continued. "You look sooooo tasty, I want to crawl inside you and eat you up!" She struggled to regain some composure. "OK! Now that the beads are tacky, I inserted them here, between the big and small lips on each side and pressed them in as deep as possible. I made sure I looped one end over my clit, like this, and pushed the rest inside me, like uhhhh this. Ohhh, I understand now why this drove him wild! I needed the panties to help keep the top loop up, but you won't have them on you that long so you can use a little jam to tack them to your clit. -click- Stand up and show us how they look." The jam worked long enough for her to stand -click- and get a rousing applause from the group at our gate. Dani's mouth dropped as she froze, surprised and totally exposed to even more neighbors, again. The pearls distorted her pussy, yet left it just as beautiful as it was naked -only different.
"Wow that was hot! But it wasn't food play." As the street group watched, I turned her and bent her over the bench so her sweet pussy and ass faced them. I bumped her legs apart and reached into her steamy, soaked snatch and swept the pearls out of her before dragging the other end across her clit. She gasped but stayed there, pussy gaping open for more admirers, even after I sucked on her savory nectar mixed with Sue's. The strings had a similar airiness as sucking nectar-flooded panties. With huge reluctance, I passed the pearls to Gary to suck the half I left for him. -click- "Let's start with some of the body salads. A nice fat carrot will fit snugly in her rectum. I'll lube it first with your slick juices. Mmmmm mmmm good! Sorry. I'll scoop up some more lube." Dani barely squirmed as I twisted the fattest carrot I had in her rear. "The hanging greens look good. Sue, bend over and I'll insert a cuke in your ass." It easily slid in after a bit of tasty lube. "I'll leave two inches exposed so we remember it's in there. You may have a problem sitting!"
Sue smirked, "Our turn. Using the IR thermometer, I see the sweet sausages are 115 degrees. That's cool enough to be in a warm body, so bend over Al." Dani clapped and Gary whooped.
"What are you whooping about? You're next! Hey, sausage isn't a salad item. Make sure you pre-grease them in your fleshy oven... if you're so sure they are ready to be inside us." She cut off two links and stuffed BOTH into her pussy, side by side. Her eyes fluttered up testifying that she loved their fit and warmth.
"Ohhhhhhh gawwd! Uhhhhhh, that's wonderful. You have to feel this, Dani." Hooking a finger under the connecting casing, she pulled them out of her stretched snatch with several stuttering groans. "Gawwwwwd I MUST love you to give you this before it cools off." I wondered why she didn't get two new links for Dani, but was happy she didn't. Watching her share her pussy juice with Dani made my heart race. Dani bent over the table again and Sue wiggled the two wonderfully slimy links into her pussy. Dani gasped and her head fell to the table with a thud. After a moment to enjoy the new sensation, Sue twisted the warm links as she extracted them. Dani shuddered in yet another convulsive climax. Sue kissed her clit lightly and licked her labia until she passed her peaks. "Al LOVES cayenne pepper, so let's add a little." My eyes popped as she added the lightest dusting of the HOT spice. "Dani, why don't you do the honors to my husband?"
"Come ear, stud, and bend over." Such sweet, seductive last words. I did as told and as Sue held my hairy ass cheeks open, Dani twisted one inflammatory, slippery, slimy, sausage link past my anus. The burst of heat was amazing! I relaxed to allow it entry and felt Dani's finger push the first link inside me and follow it. "Why don't we leave the second link hanging, as proof, as we have to suffer?" Sue cheered! The bitch! "How are we getting the links inside my husband's ass since he's in the wheelchair?"
I was too delirious to answer right away. The warm link in my ass vacuumed all thoughts from my head. The first that returned was that I had both wives' erotic, luscious elixir in my ass and was merging them with me. Then I felt the cayenne begin its delightful cautery. "Ohhhhhh, it's getting hoTTER!!" Before I could pull them out completely, Sue pulled my arms over my head, across the table and ordered Dani to make sure they stayed in. She pushed the first link deeper. While I loved feeling her finger in my ass, this made the sphincter burn even hotter. I knew the worst was over, so I resisted breaking free and in a few minutes of pain/pleasure the heat lessened. The girls released me and I stiffly stood up. The second double nectar coated link swung salaciously against my thighs. All three, and the small audience at the gate, were laughing at my dilemma. "Wow! OK, now for Gary! Let's remove the back of his chair and let him lean back onto the bench. I'll hold his legs up so you can stuff his ass. See, no problem."
"Well, OK, but HOLD the pepper or I won't allow it." Like he'd have a choice! Yet, we agreed. Sue stuffed two warm, fat links into her pussy and two into Dani's. "Hey, how many are you planning to stuff into me?" Neither could answer until the warmth cooled a little and they stopped moaning.
Sue finally responded, "Jah... just two, honey pie. I figured we could all eat half a link of twice-pussy-soaked sausage if no one objects to overlapping the salad course. No objections, I see." She swapped links with Dani. Watching the fat links exit obscenely from a beautiful, distorted cunt made my dick rock hard. Unfortunately, it was already above Gary's face.
I didn't notice him extend his tongue and lick my dick until I felt it. "HEY! Cut that out or I'll drop your sorry legs and leave you to just watch us continue." I made my point. Sue twisted the links in her twat before pulling them out slowly, letting us all watch. My dick throbbed again. "Sue, I guess you get to stuff Gary's ass now. Maybe we should put some pepper on his link just for the stunt he pulled?"
"No, dear. With everything we did today and the last time that wasn't unreasonable. Maybe that was just his way of asking if it were OK to suck your dick. You gave him your clear answer, now get over it. No pepper." I pouted a bit, then grunted an OK. She took her warm, freshly extracted links to Gary. His hole was closed. "Gary, I'm going to rub my own pussy juice on and in your ass if you relax for me." She dipped two fingers into her cunt and stirred up some more juice. "Here, lick this finger so you know it's my drippings. OK, now relax your asshole." He still resisted some, but Sue wet it and finally twisted her finger inside. He groaned, relaxed and felt a second finger enter. Sue rimmed him as she widened the hole. -click- Dani grabbed another family photo. Sue subtly snuck the steaming sausage against his hole and swapped it for her two fingers. He moaned long and slow though the link had lost much of its warmth. Just before the first link vanished, -click- Sue pushed her fingers against it and pushed it until it barely disappeared. -click- "I think we should leave less inside so the second link can fit under his balls when he sits." My considerate wifey! She put some paper towels on the chair seat to keep the grease off it and held the exposed link while I lowered his legs and let him make the final adjustments. The link peeking out under his balls looked ummm, like he'd soiled his chair and wasn't at all appetizing, to say the least. The link swinging below my ass was slightly more palatable, though I doubted the average person would consider eating it. If they ever got close enough to sniff the heavenly sweet slime that coated them, they might reconsider.
"Ding dong. Delivery for the sexiest couple on the block. Ohhhhhh, I see two packages are already here. Are they for me? I hope." The loud greeting came from our gate. We turned to see the petite 5'1" 95 pounds naked, smiling body of Julliane, umm Jillian, part the audience. "Hold the cream boys. I'm not HER. I'm just your IPX driver."
My arms extended, eyes feasted on the ravishing beauty as she bounded toward me. "Well I guess you'll just have to do then." The words barely left my mouth when she was already hopping up onto my hips. She pressed her strong, steamy tongue into my mouth for a long passionate kiss, letting the others watch and wait. As my dick stiffened against her slit, I was sensually aware of the smooth, crushing warmth of her big breasts squirming against my chest and the warmly writhing, hairless cunt trying to inhale my stiffness. When she let me up for air, I commented "Darling Jilli, there are others here too. Feel free to greet them as warmly as you just did me, then come back and clean up the mess you just pulled out of my dick. This is Dani, her husband Gary, and you know Sue well. Dani, THIS is Jillian, the surprise guest I had planned for you and us."
Gary drooled, "Forgive me if I don't stand. I have two crushed legs, but at least mini me is standing for you."
Jilli froze, about to shake his hand, when she saw the link under his balls. Still staring at it, she grabbed his dick and introduced herself. "No point being shy when we and your audience are all naked. Wha...what is that? A sausage?" She lifted his balls and pet the warm link. She sniffed the slime on her fingers and tentatively licked it. "Sue! This is your juice. I see you really did start without me." She bent and gave Gary a little kiss then kissed his throbbing prick. As I hid my dangling link behind Sue, she looked Dani over, staring first at her sweet tits and beautiful beaver before noticing the carrot greens hanging from her ass. "I'm sensing a theme here. Greetings, great to meet you." She got on her tip toes and squeezed Dani's great tits against hers as she kissed her warmly. Their tongues tangoed for some time. When she broke the kiss, she dropped to her knees and spread Dani's labia before licking them and briefly sucking her clit. Dani trembled. "Wow! She's primed and ready to blow. She's delicious and tastes much like you do, Sue. Except for the sensual salty sausage steaming in her snatch."
"What, you're not going to greet me?" Sue pulled Jilli up by an arm and a nipple before they hugged warmly. While their tongues danced, Sue pet a massive tit and twisted her nipple. Jill slipped a finger into Sue's pussy and stirred. They both moaned.
"OK, turn around Sue. I don't feel any food in your tasty twat so let's see your ass. Bend over and... ahh, a cuke. Are we planning to eat all these savory anal and snatch snacks? So where are mine and his?" She bent to look between my legs and saw a link lilting. Feeling its slippery skin and smelling its heavenly scent, she added "This has already been in at least one pussy. May I have a bite?" She lifted my balls and moved my dick from her nose before she licked the link, then licked and sucked my throbbing tool.
"The last two links are deep in Dani's fleshy front oven and you're just in time to share them with us. You missed out on the ladies' very HOT and very intimate sharing of a strand of faux pearls. For YOU, I can briefly grill some asparagus spears and push a clustered few in your ass. You'll have to stand until we bite the heads off or extract them. OK? I hope you didn't have lunch yet. If your beautiful beaver isn't wet yet, I guess I'll volunteer to help you cum before we can put any food in your front oven. That will be my cross to bear as your host." I grinned widely at the wonderful burden.
"The grilled spears sound tasty, as long as they don't burn me. I'm already very wet just from the intense greetings. Here feel me." I pushed two fingers into her bald beaver and swept all around inside her. She moaned, but she could get much wetter. Gary groaned something about my getting all the pussy first. Though he was right, I ignored him and licked Jill's savory sauce from my fingers. "Let's get the food out of your rear ovens and dig in! I definitely want a bite of what's in Dani's pussy right now, plain and nude."
Sue jumped up, "Great! Dani, grab some buns for the other links. I'll heat up the peppers and onions for those. Since there are only two ass links, we'll have to share. The other four have only been in our pussies. I'll split one with you, Jilli. Bend over Dani so we can get that carrot softened up. I'll wrap in it foil with some butter and steam it on the grill it while we eat the rest. Jill, would you pull the cuke out of my ass? Thanks. I'll slice it in five and grill it too."
"I don't know if I'll ever do this again, so would you hack off the end that was in you and cut that up so we can sample it?" What a brave request from Dani. Everyone struggled with the thought of eating the first ass food raw. We all ensured there were NO Klingons and eventually sucked and savored it and found that despite the new musk scent, it tasted just like a warmed up cuke that had never been in an ass. "That was a pleasant surprise. How can we sample the ass links?"
I had a thought, "Everyone gets half, Dani and Jill can split one of those. You can choose to taste it as is, or smother it in a bun in peppers and onions, or both. Both is my choice." I bent over and let Sue extract my link. -click- "Ohhhh, owww, mine comes with HOT PEPPER! Ohhhhh!" Sue and Dani got the link out of Gary and inspected both links. We put the sliced cuke in the bun, all took a small bite of their naked link and put the rest in the bun. Jill and I added cayenne before piling on the pepper/onion dressing. We cut the buns in half. The taste was disappointingly normal. "The remaining four links have been dipped in two sweet pussies. Two are still steaming inside Dani. I know I DON'T want a bun for those since I want the elixir to stand out. I think we should reheat the links that were NEAR asses and stuff them into Jill so she can enjoy them warm before we do. Then we'll have four links soaked in nectar." All agreed, Jilli enthusiastically clapped.
After wrapping the precooked links in foil, I put them on the coolest part of the grill, next to the spears. I pushed a finger into Dani's bunker, along the two links, but couldn't budge them. I had her lay back and pull her knees to her ears and the links poked out of her pussy by an inch. We all watched her face and stretching labia as I hooked the links and twisted them to break the bond. When they were half out, I surprised her again by pushing them back in and literally fucking her with my cooked meat. She gasped in shock and moaned at the sensation of the fucking meat. Jilli grabbed my stick and stroked it. Sue bent over and licked and sucked Dani's clit, sharing it with Jill. As Dani started trembling, Jill kneeled and sucked my stiff shaft deep into her throat; Sue pushed Dani's hood back and nibbled lightly on her clit. Jill and Sue were harshly rubbing their own clits when Dani shuddered and began a squealing, escalating, gasping trill that ended in a primal scream, a huge gush of nectar and quiet. The short quiet was punctuated by my own escalating grunts and final deep thrusts far into Jill's wonderfully warm and tight throat. "Wow! I thought we were taking a respite. Now we know what it takes to make Dani squirt. I'll remember that later! That was intense. "
"And very tasty. Now my pussy is wet fur shure." Jill volunteered. Sue's face was flushed in orgasm yet she licked more of Dani's overflow between gasps. Jill joined her and licked her labia as I pulled the links out of Dani's swollen, sensitive snatch. -click- Dani trembled again as I emptied her. With the links out, I lifted her legs to her chest and took a long slow lick from her anus to her clit; covering my tongue in her tangy taste. -click- Jill took a deep lick inside Dani's wet pussy, savored the special sauce then pushed her tongue into her mouth as Sue kept lapping at the plumped pussy. I reluctantly took the escaped links to the table and sliced them in four long slices, then cut one in half. When I turned to call them, Gary had rolled behind Jill and was sucking her ass and snatch while fingering the petit beauty's pussy. She barely seemed to notice. Maybe Gary did have some other problems hurting his sex life with Dani.
"OK kids, come and get it. We'll get back to playing with your kitties shortly. Here are the ladies' special links." We sucked and savored the double soaked links and they were extraordinarily delicious. "OK Jilli, your turn. Bend over the table and brace yourself. The spears are barely cooked so they'll stay firm in your ass." After a moment admiring her gorgeous ass and pussy, I pushed two fingers deep into her snug snatch and took my time gathering her slippery sauce. Her anus was already relaxed, but I wanted to be in her again so I used one then both lubed fingers to slide easily inside her perfect ass. "I'm going to try pushing five of these long, buttered spears inside now as one group." They slipped in easily and left two inches out so I could remove them later.
"Ohhhhhhh, they're really warm, so much hotter than your fingers or even your dick as I recall. The heat inside feels really comforting, but my sphincter burns a little." I licked her rear hole around the spears to cool her quickly. -click- "Ahhhhhh, that's much better. I can get to love this. From now on my dildos will be heated!"
"The links are at 120 degrees, I'll cool them to 110 and insert them in your front oven." I rubbed them in my hands until they were ready. "Hmmm, three tempting tasty twats, so hard to resist! Here come the links." My dick stiffened immediately as I pushed her hood back and spread her labia. The hot links pushed her labia wider, but slid inside easily. She briefly lurched, then groaned long and deeply. Her head fell to the table with a thud, exactly as Dani had done. Dani said she'd felt dizzy and close to passing out. Jill froze, mouth open and gasping. Gary rolled to her side for a photo of her stunned, panting face then rolled behind her for a shot of her food-filled holes. We quietly watched her ecstacy, enjoying it with her.
"Ohhhhhhhh wow! That's food in me? Never again will I use a cold dildo. I suppose we have to remove them sometime." When I suggested, if she liked, I could first fuck her with the hot meat, she immediately groaned "Yes, yes, do it, pleeeeeeeze!"
"Ohh, ohh, can I do it instead?" Dani perked up. She asked me to guide her so Jill would cum as she had. Though I had her slip a finger along a link and they weren't stuck, she still had a problem. The links were not attached so she had to figure how to move them as one. I extracted the spears and had Jill get on her back and pull her knees to her chest. Dani was able to hold both warm links and started chaotically fucking Jill with them. I steadied her motions and reminded her to angle them to rub her G-spot while I pushed her hood back and blew on her clit. The chilling contrast with the heat within got her reacting quickly. Dani began twisting and pumping the links deeply and Jill reacted strongly. I kept rubbing Jill's clit and began sucking and biting her tall, hard nipple. It was very dense, but I knew from previous play times that she like it bitten hard. Soon I was bitting the nipple each time Dani pulled the links out. The result was much shorter lows between the stimulation peaks. Jill climbed very quickly to a quaking, gasping orgasm. Dani extracted the links and covered Jill's gaping cavern with her mouth. She sank her tongue deep into Jill and directly sucked her nectar. I asked her to leave some to coat our other foods. "Mmmm, hard to do. She's as savory as Sue. Since she's had the asparagus monopoly, why don't I use two to decorate HER instead of Sue? Someone hand me the two we set aside?"
Sue said they were warm from being at the coolest edge of the grill and deliberately undercooked so they would stay firm. She held them a moment to cool before passing them, dripping butter, to Dani. Jill volunteered, "I bet the butter will help glue these in place as they cool." Since the spears were too long to lodge completely in her labia, I suggested we dip the bases in her special sauce and bite off the ends. By taking small bites, we could each have a taste. "What about me? Don't I get to taste my own special veggie?"
"Of course you do. We can even leave one spear longer than the other. You know, looking at these spears wedged deep into your beautiful pussy, I ahhhh, can never watch VEGGIE TALES the same way again! Yummm!" After a second of stunned silence, their eyes lit up as their imaginations went wild and they laughed til they cried. Wiping the mists away I added
"This might actually make VEGGIE TALES even MORE fun to watch! Now I have to wonder which one would dive into her pussy pool head first before the others. Might it be 'junior' or his dad? Or maybe even his sexy mom!" The image never quite left me as I slowly pulled one spear out and watched Jilli's silly smile change to bliss. After licking the drop at the bottom, I let Jill have the first bite. She kept it small and moaned how tasty it was. I took a bite and let Sue take the last. We savored the savory combination and agreed she was delicious. Dani pulled the other firm spear out. I noticed she did so very slowly; first dragging it against Jill's clit then angling it to strike her G. Jill enjoyed the exit, but missed it when gone. Dani and Gary took a bite and loved her savory sauce on the tasty spear. After rubbing the buttered end in each valley between the big and small lips, Dani slid the spears deep into the fleshy valley floor and held Jill's lips closed over each. -click- While waiting for the butter to harden, I noticed Dani's fixed stare and flicking tongue as her finger pushed and pulled Jill's hood. Jill trembled each time her hood was displaced. I watched hungrily as Dani's steamy nectar overflowed onto her glistening lips. This sex machine had come a long way since our first pizza party with the twins.
We helped Jill stand and watched the spears pivot away from her clit -click- and catch at 30 degrees from her body. It was an intriguing and temporary sight. We caught them as they broke free. "Looks like they have to be much smaller." We shared the best tasting veggie we could recall ever having, leaving them just three inches long. Jill squatted on the bench, facing the gate, allowing her plumped pussy to gape open widely so Dani could apply some butter deep in her labia and position the shorter spears between each set of her engorged lips. -click- This time they held and Jill walked proudly and shamelessly to the gate to show off her tasty decor to the awe-filled audience.
As Jill approached us, wiggling her sweet little ass for the spectators, Sue spoke up, "You know, girls, that a COLD dildo can be fun too. Anything hot or cold, just not room temp, can be very exciting. We proved how wonderful warm links feel inside us and we have some frozen 'dildos' we wanted to play with to show the flip side is exciting too. We also have a salad course, entree and desert besides some treats just for sploshing, but we're definitely going to save most of those for another day. I think we should take advantage of National Nude Day while we can."
"But I'm hungry." chimed Gary. "What about the corn on the grill, that carrot from Dani's ass and all the salad fixins? I'm sure you don't want all that to go to waste."
"You're right. Give me a minute to figure the best way to handle those. With just three trusted, tasty twats, we'll have to figure a rotation scheme so we all get to taste everything directly from your fleshy bowls."
"Would a fourth trusted twat help?" I turned to see who spoke up from the gate and was about to decline when I saw a familiar face and naked body squeeze thru the crowd. "After all, I'm certified clean."
"Whilma! You came back. Where's Fred? Are you volunteering your fleshy oven for us to use?" We hugged and I felt the chill of her slightly sagging, firm tits and hard nipples against me. "With your pussy," I casually pushed two fingers deep into her snatch for emphasis, "we can be sure of at least two food bowls available at all times. OK, join us." She squeezed my balls and squealed. "What we are doing now is trying to wrap up so we can leave the yard and properly celebrate Nude Day." Dani's head jerked toward me, her eyes bulged and her jaw stammered. "Yes, Dani, another big surprise for you. We're going to the market together soon." She stood, shaking her head in near panic. "But for now, let's start with the corn. We can use the hot cobs to create some beaver butter in all of you. When the corn has sufficiently coated itself in your umm, butter churns we can share them and still leave your fleshy bowls flooded with dressing for our salad. Yeah! That's it. Let's move the tables side by side and leave the foods on the snack tables. Dani and Jill, tall and short, lie on the first table, ear to ear. Sue and Whilma on the other table, also ear to ear, but all of you try to fit your heels on the tables and your lovely sex ovens near the ends. Dani, as the peepers look into your open pretty pussy, just remember they are admiring you and it and YOU are doing THEM the favor."
"OK, Gary, the corn is slightly charred and cooled enough to hold. Take two of those green corn holders and screw one into each cob. Once they're in, you can ONLY twist the corn clockwise. Remember the difference between a woman and a lightbulb applies here - you can't Unscrew a woman, and DON'T unscrew the corn. Corn fucking two at once will be challenging. I'll take Dani and Jill. I want to hear them scream and gush so they will completely soak the corn. These are the thickest fresh, organic cobs I could find."
I sat between Dani and Jill and was again in awe of their sexual perfection. I tore away from admiring them and carefully wiggled the narrow end of the cob into both beauties. Hearing them both gasp at once was extremely gratifying and arousing. I could only imagine how good the sudden infusion of heat must have felt. Gasps echoed from the other end of the tables. Watching the hot corn spread two perfect pussies open felt like a wet dream. As the cobs spread them wider and their heat went deeper, both women clutched at the tables and moaned in sync. I slowly pushed until only the green holder was visible and then held the corn motionless. They rolled
their heads and surrendered to the blissful heat. The tips of the cobs had to be against their cervixes while the wide end was squeezed against their Gs. I swear I could feel it with them! When their breathing stabilized at deep and rapid, I twisted the cobs and both women gasped and lifted their backs off the table. They were already enjoying this more than I hoped. As I pulled the cobs from their clinging cunts, I could feel their vaginal muscles trying to seize their corn Princes Charming. Despite the stuttering, clinging muscles, I freed the dedicated pussy pleasers and pulled them to the edge of complete escape. My beauties moaned in despondence and looked deeply pained. Slowly, I returned the pleasing maize dildos to the depths of the fleshy, wet caves and saw both women's faces radiate relief and joy.
This time I twisted the cobs as I removed them and they gasped deeply until they were out. Then they looked distressed, even approaching tears though their eyes were squeezed tightly shut. I pushed in and twisted, watched the relief return. Jill trembled and grabbed Dani's arm. The contact startled her, but looking at Jill's ecstacy made Dani tremble too. Their close link was forcing them to stay in close sync. With this reentry, I angled both cobs so they rubbed their clits as they slowly entered. The bumpy, organic dildo acted like a finger flicking their clits hundreds of times in seconds. The sound of their ragged response was provocative enough that my stiff dick throbbed and I felt like I would cum any second, hands free! I told Gary to try the clit angling too and heard an immediate loud response from Sue and Whilma. I wanted to bump their Gs as I removed the stimulants, but with just one hand for each, it didn't seem achievable. Instead, I angled for their clits on the slow exit cycle and that made them groan staccato with each bump. Jill's elixir was already being pushed out by the cob, Dani followed shortly. The next cycle, I stopped mid way and pried the warm cobs against their clits and twisted. They only lurched briefly... until I also pumped them while twisting. THAT had the reaction I wanted. Slippery juices were overflowing onto the end of the cobs and began mildly frothing when I sped up the plunging but kept the twisting slow. They were squeezing each others hand bloodless, their breathing erratic and their hips thrusting when Dani screamed in orgasm, followed immediately by Jill's shriek. They pulled the cobs completely inside their soaked pussies and pulled their faces together for a deep, prolonged, wet kiss that extended and deepened their emotional connection. I guess there's nothing like cumming with a dear friend and I was just chopped liver. From the other end of the table I heard the linked outcries of two more ecstatic women.
When the ladies relaxed their sexual grips, I examined the beaver-buttered corn. Very few of the kernels were burst, but all four cobs were saturated with fresh, slippery, savory, heavenly potions. I cut two cobs on a flat plate, so I could lick the lost elixir from it, screwed two more holders in the new shorties and passed them around. I asked the ladies to sit calmly on small sheets of foil to collect all dripping dew. Gary and Whilma took the full size cobs. The peepers watched us savor the heavenly, scented corn. The aroma and sweetness of the bursting corn kernels mixed with the heavenly nectar made the most incredible tasting meal I'd ever had. There is no butter like beaver butter! We smiled at our peepers while we luxuriated in our incomparable food and they weakly smiled back while licking their lips.
Suddenly, there were sirens getting louder as they approached my yard. They abruptly muted about the same time I saw the patrol car with its flashing lights stop outside my gate. Two naked cops, a male and female, came thru the parting audience. They weren't quite naked since they had shoes, a blue police cap and a wide, black belt that held their badge, gun and radio. "What's going on here?" the female asked gruffly. "We had a call about a disturbance." They looked around the yard and didn't seem disturbed by what they saw.
I spoke up, "We're having a BBQ, grilling actually, as you can see. We're just finishing some of the most incredible creamed corn and special butter you will ever have. Would you like to taste some?" They both declined as one. "Oh good, I didn't really want to give any of this away. Why are you here?" I couldn't help staring at the petite brunette cop who had trimmed her pubes into a heart shape above cleanly shaved labia. Her full B-cups were high and bounced together, muscles evident under them, her legs smartly trim and muscular. Her curvaceous body and stern but pretty face could take your breath away. The male was well cut and carried a big stick, though still only at half mast.
"Easy, partner." The female advised while staring at his swelling weapon. "Someone called in a complaint about lewdness." She turned and addressed the crowd loudly. "I guess you missed the mayor's proclamation last night that permits all public nudity and all related activities as long as they are consensual and do not involve or harm children. These folks could be legally enjoying their grilling on their FRONT lawn, naked, today. As you can see, government employees are required to be naked all day too. If you don't like what you see, LEAVE and quit bitching!" What a lovely ass she had. She turned to me, "If you're having sex, you better keep it back here, behind your fence so no one can claim you are endangering children. You may want to close that gate too, in case a child passes by."
"So it's OK for me to watch them and them to watch me, but I should still close my gate?" I bit my tongue so I didn't volunteer that I thought simple nudity would not harm a child who was not poisoned against it. In fact when a kid asks, 'Mommy, where do babies come from?' I think the ideal, open family, free of societal guilt would begin with, 'Here, let us show you.' Demonstrating sex and love openly allows earlier and more open discussions. But, time and place! "OK folks. We're going to shut the gate thanks to some closed minded complaint. You're welcome to stay, but you'll have to come in or look over the gate. Sorry we don't have enough for everyone to join us." Not many left when I closed the gate. "Officers, we just made some special sauce in their flesh bowls and were just about to fix a salad inside them. Please stay and join us." The male's cock surged, but he felt they should not stay. The female said she thought they should stay and thoroughly investigate the complaint which should only take ten or so minutes. She was staring directly at Dani's swollen, but closed pussy.
"So, you're making a salad in their snatches? Show me how!" Now my dick was surging again and she watched it swing and bounce as I went to the salad fixings. She walked around to Gary, noted his stiff again cock, but more closely stared at the other swollen labia near him. I asked the ladies to lie back down. Officer Sharon Goren pushed Sue's knees apart before leaning in for a sniff. She came back to Dani and did the same. "Lovely fragrances." Hmmmmm.
"We have four delicious salad bowls to choose from. Their special sauce is the only dressing to go on these salads. Would you like to choose a bowl and create your own salad?" I indicated the veggies and cheeses and croutons I had. She chose Dani.
"May I preview your umm dressing?" I wasn't sure if she were asking me or Dani. She didn't wait for an answer, but dipped a finger into Dani's open pussy. Dani squirmed and moaned at the stranger's intimate touch.
"Don't take too much away from the salad. Can you believe this beautiful creature was known as 'dowdy Dani'?" Her partner, Dan Johnson was breathing deeper and having trouble controlling and hiding his surging dick. "Officer, I think they would be insulted if you didn't swell to all that you can be. Let it grow." Mine was back to its full extension even as I faced him. When I turned, it slapped Sharon's ass. She reflexively grabbed it and squeezed it hard to constrain it before seeing it was a chance bumping and let it go with a smile. For a frightening moment I thought she was going to break or arrest it. When she asked for salad suggestions, I told her that I intended to stretch the precious pussy juice as far as I could, so my salad would be small. "Why don't I show you in gorgeous Jill here? Though I made sure her nectar was copious, I've given this some serious thought. We're not allowing utensils inside these beautiful pussies or anything sharp, so you may only use fingers, tongue, food or other flesh to get the salad and dressing out of your bowl. Licking the bowl is encouraged. I'm choosing to include two each of the cherry and grape tomatoes, one spinach leaf, one pearl onion, two grapes, a bit of carrot, four squares of sharp cheddar two bits of anise and two croutons. One third of that celery stalk is going to stand up in her to help scoop the salad out. -click- Oh, and it's apparently very picturesque. Let's see if that all fits inside her and allows me enough room to stir it all together."
Sharon grinned widely. She didn't think it would all fit. Jill shuddered at the feel of the cold ingredients, but was smiling deliriously as I popped them in her, one by one. Sharon made a show of peeking closely inside Jill every other time I added food. "I'm trying to be careful about breaking anything too wet so I don't dilute my favorite dressing." Both women smirked. Dani looked over Jill's knee, pulled one open, to watch me fill her bowl. The other women held their pussies closed, to dam their fluids, and looked over Sharon's shoulders, carefully rubbing their tits against her. Dan's dick was stiff and straight out. He let it 'accidentally' slap three asses, including his bent over partner's, as he looked over their shoulders. Soon it slid up two ass cracks. I tried two fingers in Jill to stir my salad, but one finger from each hand gave me more control. Sharon held Jill's pussy open and shined her Maglite inside her to see how much room was left. Since the back wall was blocked we couldn't tell how much space was left behind the food, but there was a small gap before it. With the light, I could see I had more sauce I could scoop. "I didn't think of needing a bright light like that, thanks. Would you like this salad or to make your own."
"I'll make my own. Except for the onion and anise, it's just like yours. The smaller amount lets me spread Dani's juices thicker. Isn't that what we really want, more than salad? How could this perfection ever be dowdy?"
"I agree with both points, but if we just want it at it's thickest and un flavored, we can lick the empty bowl now. We've already done that and know how exquisite each of these women tastes. Just as the corn enriched their flavor without spoiling it, I want to taste this nectar with foods. When we're done with the food, I assure you I can create more elixir. Why don't you get your fingers in her and carefully blend your salad. Get your nose close to her bowl so you can enjoy her heavenly scent as well. While you stir and eat, would you mind if I check your own juicy output? I see your lips are glistening already, so I expect you are wet enough. Maybe your partner would like a salad in you, to go?"
Her tight nipples testified that she was excited, so I felt I could push some liberties. Before she could answer, I stepped behind her sweet bent-over ass and opened her cheeks. Dan grabbed me roughly, saying threateningly, "THAT can be considered assault on a police officer. You sure you want to continue?"
Sharon looked over her shapely ass and countered testily, "It's not assault if he has my consent. He does, so leave him alone. He's already touched me more with his dick and his hands than you have in a year!" Dan let me go and stepped back. I nudged Sharon's knees apart and stared at the big, beautiful, shaved labia before me. I mouthed a big WOW of appreciation to Dan. Her strong, musky scent was mixed with sour sweat. I asked Dan to grab the box of wet towelletes. "What are you doing back there?"
"I bet your cruiser has vinyl seats. Have you noticed that nudists always carry a small towel with them? It's to protect them from a soiled seat AND to prevent them from soiling one with sweat or other excretions. Remind me before you go and I'll give you two tea towels for your asses." The first wet wipe went up her inner thigh, over her cheek and finally over her labia and asshole.
"Whoa! What the..." I explained I had to wipe away the cruiser's accumulated stench from her critical areas, but I promised to replace any lost fluids. The next wipe went up the other thigh, cheek, labia and deeper into her asshole. I straightened her knees to make her ass rise and protrude more obscenely for me while opening her swelling pussy. Dan was now watching her eat Dani and her salad. He was sweating. He grabbed the camera and -click- I spread her labia with my thumbs and I could easily see she was dripping wet. Her clit, untouched, was standing tall and trying to shed its hood. I reached under her and pet it gently. She lurched away, but quickly returned to my hand. The alcohol from the wet wipe was gone, so I put my nose against her dark asshole to rub and sniff it. The mild musk aroma was much more pleasant and I let her know. "Mmmmmm, what are you doing back there now? No one's ever sniffed my ass."
"As promised, I'm refreshing any lost fluid I may have wiped away. Your ass is absolutely wonderful, so it's their loss." Her inner labia were curled up nicely and protruded evenly from her outer ones. "Your bald lips are beautiful and very similar to the stunning Jill's. Would you drop your belt please?" It suddenly fell to the floor and I pushed it under the table. Now was the time... I slid a finger between her small and large labia and collected the freshest gift. "Mmmmm, Sharon, your nectar smells wonderful! And it tastes.... Ahhhhh like an elixir. You ARE totally delicious!" I felt her pride beaming from the words of appreciation. "I want to gather more and then probe deeper. Is that OK with you?" Sue and Gary looked at me like I were crazy. They knew I meant to fuck an on-duty cop while her partner was nearby. That's why I asked permission before witnesses. Yet, there was an extra adrenalin rush to the thought of fucking a blue box. I slipped a finger into her pussy and swept it around inside her. She was very snug. I stood and leaned to her ear, ensuring my hot, stiff dick was pressed firmly against her cheek, and whispered, "Are you a virgin?" She kept licking Dani's pussy and didn't respond, obviously to take her time to choose her words.
"Not really." She whispered and kissed me lightly on my cheek -click- before returning to picking salad out of Dani. I didn't feel a hymen, but something was amiss. I thought it best to avoid her anus and put two then three fingers in her tight twat. She groaned each time. Her fluids were wonderfully copious. I spread her puffy labia and inserted my tongue as deep as I could and started lapping her sweet nectar. She moaned and pushed back onto my face.
"You are wet near the outside, so I want to probe deeper than my fingers can go. You understand?" She grunted an OK and I dragged my dick up her thigh. Her partner heard her consent. Just to minimize complications, I didn't intend to cum in her. It was enough to dip my dick deep in her snatch several times. -click- Her velvet glove was so warm, wet and tight. "I'll be right back, beautiful. Unless you want to taste your precious juice on my dick, I'll ask Jill to suck me clean." That's when I noticed Dan had his dick in my wife's throat and was fucking her face. -click-
"I'm BI, not gay, so give me that big dick. I always taste myself on my fingers, but have yet to taste me on a stiff pole. I didn't think my partner liked women. Now I'm not sure. Don't worry about your wife, or me; STD health checks are required every three months, minimum." She turned and bent to my dick and Jill immediately pushed Sharon's knees straight so she had a direct line to her swollen pussy. Gary was picking salad from Whilma's sopping bowl. That left Sue's bowl empty.
"Jill, check her G-spot to see if it's swollen now. I wasn't a minute ago." Sharon licked my balls, impressed that I was concerned about her arousal, then continued to my glans. Her eyes smiled at me defiantly as she expertly sucked my stiff dick onto her tongue. I saw Dan push some tomatoes, croutons, cheese and a pearled onion into Sue's pussy, but then spin her around and use his meat hammer to squash her salad. In seconds, he was solidly pounding her ass and slapping skin. "Sharon, is your partner putting on a show with my wife or could he really be straight?" She looked over her shoulder and shrugged. She sealed my dick in her mouth and lapped around it and cleaned her delightful nectar off my staff before she took a deep breath and guided my cock deep into her throat. She gulped and hummed and my balls instantly tightened. I felt the surge advance with each gulp and wham! In just one breath she had me flood her belly. She first licked my dick clean and then her lips. Her smiling eyes were bright and beaming as she opened her mouth to show she had swallowed everything.
"Not bad for a switch hitter, huh? No, I'm not a virgin, but I've only had a man cum in me once, not counting my mouth. You're only the fourth man to ever be inside me and, before you ask, nothing has ever been in my ass." She added breathlessly, and maybe hopefully, "Did you want to try something there?" Mmmm, to press or not to press? That is the question! Whether tis nobler..... WTF! My pondering took a strange turn.
"I don't want to take advantage while you're so aroused, AND on duty. You have my address. Call me whenever you want to do more and my wife and I will help you explore new things, even anal. If you aren't going to cum for Jill, do you want me to help you?"
"Jill is doing great, but I'm horny for dick now that I've tasted pussy again and felt your stiffness inside me. Especially watching Dan fuck your wife like that! I guess I don't need that salad to go after all." She put her face in Jill's pussy this time and wiggled hers at me. I heard and saw Dan grunt a load into my wife just as my fingers found Sharon's wet pussy again. I cupped her mons and captured her stiff clit between two fingers while my other hand coaxed more sweet pussy potables from her. Sliding my left hand up pushed her hood open and exposed more of her sensitive clit. As I pinched it gently, my other hand entered her damp cavern to prepare it for my hungry dick. Her G was certainly swollen then and her muffled groans and abrupt cramps told me it was reacting forcefully to my touch. I alternately crushed her clit and G, listened to her rapidly deepening breaths. When I sensed her reaching a peak, I crimped her clit and G simultaneously and the staunch, reserved cop shuddered violently, screamed and gushed a flood of juice before her legs gave out. Dan watched in shock, paused just a second from drilling my wife, as I eased his dizzy partner onto a bench and kissed her deeply. -click-
Gary's eyes bulged watching Dan's big club fucking Sue. "Why didn't we think of THAT? I'm going to add my own special sauce to Whilma's and cover her salad in it. When I fill her cunt with it, I'm going to toss her salad and suck it all out of her. By then, Sue's cum covered salad should be ready for me, if you don't want it, Dan." I had to wonder if Gary liked semen a little too much. I had thought about mixing my seed and sauce with Jill's and Dani's, but then I couldn't eat them.
Sharon jerked my attention back to her with her deep, low groans, not to mention her strong grip on my staff. Much as I wanted to immediately plunge deep into her lawful cage and be restrained inside her, I just HAD to sniff and lick her bald pussy first. She'd recovered enough to stand and offer me her snatch. This time she wanted to watch me eat her. Leaning back on the table edge, she lifted one foot onto the bench and pivoted her knee open. Her engorged nipples and clit demanded our attention. As her leg swung open, her lovely labia, still swollen severely, gaped wide and began to drip her blue nectar. I cupped her mons to stem the flow and called to anyone in the crowd to bring me a small cup. A man in front ran to the food bench and brought one. As a brief reward, I let him lean in for a close look and sniff of lady blue's sweet pussy. When his hand reached to dip inside her, I told him to skim my hand for a sample of her juice instead. He savored and appreciated her taste as I held the cup below her wet wonder. Shortly, I told the stranger to go back to the gate before Dan arrested him. "Sharon, do you normally gush your sweet juices like this?"
Sharon didn't know she'd gushed. "I don't think I ever have. I've heard of squirters, but I never thought I was one. But then, I don't think I ever climaxed like THAT before. What did you do to me?"
"Lovely lady blue, you didn't squirt this time, but I bet you have it in you. I used both hands on your most sensitive and savory spots and stayed aware of your reactions so I could best time my assault for you. It was my way of repaying your expert oral skills. You've stopped dripping so I'm going to drain you before I have you gush again." Using two fingers like a bowl scraper, I wiped deep in her trough and swept the luscious fluid into the cup. Not nearly full, the cup nevertheless held a drinkable amount.
Sue was on her back again, lurching, with Gary between her legs, slurping Dan's cum and chewing on her soaked salad. Dan was standing very close to him, maybe waiting his turn to eat my wife. Oddly, his still stiff and wet dick was near Gary's ear. Just as I began to turn back to Sharon, Gary turned his head and swallowed Dan's big dick. -click- Though he started with his hands behind his back, Dan soon held Gary's head as he thrust deep into his throat. Gary gurgled, but wasn't resisting.
Sharon was already breathing hard and stretching her nipples. While she crimped them pale, I told her, "I'm going to use my mouth and a hand this time to rock you as hard as the last, maybe harder. You might even squirt this time. Don't fight it. I don't mind your flooding my face with your cum. Then, maybe if you please me, I'll fuck you properly with MY day stick." Hopefully, the suggestion, permission and tease would work with my strumming her fine instruments. Surrendering to her charms, I kissed her longer and harder than I intended. Our wet tongues danced furiously. When I breathlessly tore myself away from her blue boca, I licked my way to her neglected tits and warmed then sucked her free nipple -firmly. She begged me to bite her hard. Though I started gently, I soon blanched her nipple with my teeth. She moaned and tossed her head back. Still a tough tomboy with a tender twat! On my way to that seductive snatch, I licked a drop of salty sweat off her belly. Even IT was tasty! Finally reaching my goal, I licked the peak of one outer labium, then the other as she watched intently. She knew how to eat pussy, so I doubted I could teach her anything there, yet I had a plan. As I circled up along the second labium, I pushed my tongue under the edge of her swelling hood, but avoided her clit. I licked over, around, the base of her covered little girl and pressed my tongue into the groove between an outer and inner lip so I didn't stir her up too much. Teasing, I briefly, lightly lapped her perineum before going up the groove between the other lips.
My first taste of blue nectar had been deliriously sumptuous and this time it was just as tasty. My hot tongue reached under her hood and whisked quickly over the top of her clit, reminding me of an old thrill ride from my youth, The WHIP, that nearly gave me whiplash; in this case it would be tongue-lash. Focusing on the shaft and avoiding the glans, the teasing made her groan intensely, louder and louder, with clenched teeth. Her labia and face were already flush before I broached her spread inner lips. One more circuit around downtown. This time as I traced the inner edge of her inner lip, I stealthily slipped one finger inside her steamy blue barracks. My finger trailed my tongue as it roamed up the other inner lip and, just as it wrapped slowly around her blue pearl, my finger pressed against her inner clit. While my tongue lingered there a moment to warm it, my finger made gentle circles inside her velvet lockup.
In a sudden blitz, my tongue encircled her exposed clit and sucked it, a second finger entered her blue box and slid along her G while the other finger sawed firmly on her internal clit. -click- My onslaught worked perfectly. Not knowing which intense stimulus to feel, she rounded each faster and faster, building into the most intense arousal she'd ever known. Her head whipped back and forth and then
a shout of ecstacy that she couldn't contain blew out of her, echoing loudly off the house and fence. She threw her biceps over her mouth and screamed into it over and over before suddenly jerking away from me as the intensity became too much. This time she squirted volumes and quickly overflowed the highball glass I held to catch her blue nectar. -click- Jill quickly passed me her 'tea' glass that still had a bit of 'tea' in it. Sharon overflowed that one too. I happily let the rest of her fire hose jet stream over my face and into my mouth. -click- Her scream sounded eerily like a police siren.
I had to wait until her squirts and spasms decreased and she finally shuddered mildly enough for me to put my fingers and drenched tongue gently in and on her. Then I eagerly licked as deeply and thoroughly as possible and kept on licking up the kruller-flavored pussy juice. I supped on her sweetness with more and more intensity until I felt her pussy violently contract again and her muscles spasm. When she felt me winding her up once more, she moaned "Ohhh no, not again! Not so soooooon. I... I.... ughhhhhhh I'm cummmming... again...." She was.
Dan was standing stunned, watching his partner so out of control and loving it. "See, Gary, THIS is how to send a woman 1000 miles high and give her numerous orgasms. The last two were huge, so it would be cruel and painful to push for thirty orgasms now. Once she feels she can't take any more, have pity and just go for five or so small ones or two more big ones. She'll usually pass out at that point with a huge grin on her face. But, you see it has to be about her ecstacy. I haven't cum in a while. The last big orgasm I'm giving her will involve my cumming too." Sue smiled knowingly. Dani, Jill and Whilma were in gob smacked, drooping mouth shock.
By then Sharon was calming so I began a very gentle assault before standing to insert my felonious dick in her hot blue box. It slid easily into the still twitching velvet sanctum. She released a long, low moan of satisfaction. My stiff rod slowly bottomed and lingered there, enjoying the intensity of the radiating heat of a well-exercised pussy, blue or not. I slowly withdrew and shuddered in the contrasting coldness of a warm summer day. As I reentered, we both moaned loudly. Just as my reflexes took over and I began pumping her in earnest, her radio went off. -crzzzzkkccddd- "Unit 6-9 respond. We have a report of two couples fornicating in the schoolyard at P.S. 155 with children nearby. Please respond code 2. Unit 6-9!"
Dan had his belt on and was responding to the call while passing Sharon her belt. She was still light headed and needed help getting the belt on. Dan reported the all-clear at my location and Sharon mouthed to me, and IWILLbe calling you, Mr.!' She kissed me briefly, but wetly and licked my cheek while I stealthily ran a finger up her wet, swollen honey pot and dipped inside for a farewell snack. I touched my wet finger to her lips and licked them and her tongue together. She broke away far too soon and ran to their cruiser in a beautiful blue flash. Watching her tight body and muscular ass leave was a joy and a sorrow. In a second the lights strobed and they were gone.
I licked my lips and felt nirvana. Her exquisite juices were still all over my face, in two full glasses and dripping off my dick. I stumbled to the others in the void that WAS my yard full of people, while not hearing the murmurings of the aroused crowd at my fence. "Wh... where were we?" I asked, pretending to be composed. Dani, Whilma and Sue saw what a wreck I was after sharing in Sharon's explosive orgasm. They ran to me, still holding their flesh bowls closed, and licked and kissed Sharon's elixir off my face and dick. Jill had tasted Sharon directly, so she kindly let the others clean me. Sue's throat was comforting, warm and tight despite Dan's massive stick stretching it just minutes ago, but it could not relieve my frozen erection.
Gary reported, "Well Sue's salad is gone. Dan and I ate her after he soaked it in his cream. I ate Whilma's. You nibbled on Jill so it/she was at least partially eaten. I'm not sure how much Sharon ate out of my wife. Perhaps some of the ladies want to have some salad with special sauce? If you want to taste it with man cream added, I'm sure one of us can provide it or get a volunteer from the peepers to supply you." All but Whilma wanted to taste pussy salad, so she volunteered to be a bowl again.
"OK ladies, you can share Dani or take turns on her. If I finish with Jilli, one of you can fill her up again, but she wants to eat salad too. I'm putting Sharon into this squeeze bottle so you can have her special sauce added too. There's PLENTY of it." I pulled back Jill's hood and obscenely drizzled Sharon's sauce onto it and guided it into her open pussy. She lurched since it was 'cold'. The blend was like mixing two similar spices and each was still discernable, the combination delectable. "Once we're done with the salad, we can cool off a few minutes playing meat horseshoes." They all stared at me confounded, even Sue. "I'll explain when I'm done with Jill's salad." I pushed three cheese cubes and two croutons inside the delicious bowl before adding a touch of Sharon. The celery spoon, thankfully, needed help from my deeply plunging fingers. All too soon, my savory sexy salad was done.
While Dani refilled Jill's sensational snatch with random stuffings, she wanted to eat pussy with a little food and not the other way around, I rolled out a slip-n-slide on the grass under a tree. "I need a volunteer catcher. Whilma, thanks for volunteering!" She gulped and looked around for an escape. I wet down the slide and positioned the hose to safely keep it wet. "Our catcher sits at the far end of the slide, legs spread wide and waits for a slider. If the slider's dick or tongue FIRST touches anything but her mons/vulva then he/she gets ZERO points. A 'leaner', you first touch the vulva, but don't breach it, gets you two points. A direct breach with dick or tongue past her labia gets you five points. We each go five times, high score wins. The catcher may switch with any other woman after any full round is completed. The winner gets.... anything reasonable from the lowest scorer. That should cover it. Whilma, lean back and open that glistening prick sleeve. Hmmm, put one foot closer to you, no, both feet closer and open your legs so they form two tunnels. That should give us a place for our feet to go."
"Ummm, where did you get this game? How often have you played?" Whilma asked with considerable concern.
"Well.... this is my first time and yes, I just made up the rules so they are subject to change. If it goes well, we can make it a block party game. I guess Gary is out since he has to keep his casts dry, so I'll go first. Suddenly it looks much harder than a minute ago." I considered my options and suddenly worried about my balls smashing into a knee or even her mons. My first slide would be head first, chest down, arms out to catch her ass and help guide me into her welcoming pussy. I rocked several times before I rose to my own challenge and THREWwwww myself down the slide. I stopped short of the target, zero points! I wet my body with the cold water and dived onto the thin slide. That time I went all the way to Whilma's knees, another zero. Sue was ready to try, but I wanted to finish all five turns for easy scoring. Umm, let's see... 0 + 0 = 0, OK ready! More cold water and a fast launch. My arms went thru her legs and I pulled myself into her for an easy... leaner! Two points. "Looks like we need another rule. You can pull yourself into your target as long as you haven't stopped sliding. Round 4... cold wet down... launch hard... "Hey! Whilma flinched and moved the target - automatic FIVE points! OK, seven points entering the final round..." Everyone watched as I wholly soaked my body with the chilly water and hurled myself down the slide. Leaner - two points for a total of nine out of a possible 25.
Sue wet her beautiful body and shrieked at the cold water. She threw herself into the slide and got a two-point leaner. "In regular horseshoes," she pondered aloud, "isn't the target a stiff rod? So a male CAN be a catcher and anyone can slide, mouth open, to try to envelop the rod." She tossed herself onto the slippery slide for another two points. Before Sue reached the head of the slide, Dani surprisingly ran, giggling and waving her arms and ass, at the slide. Without pre-soaking, she bounced and skidded, her beautiful tits and thighs stuttering and squeaking on the dry spots. She stopped far short of the target and rolled onto her back with a big sigh. The friction burns on her shapely girls and legs were already obvious. I grabbed the hose and soaked Dani to cool the minor injury. She stayed down when I asked her to. Sue spoke up, "I think this game needs more work. Let's go for a walk." Dani glared at her, then accepted that we hadn't forgotten. She knew there were more surprises to our little walk than we'd told her so far. She was SO right!
"I think it's time for the six of us to honor the National Nude Day traditions and leave the house naked." I watched for Dani's reaction and saw her sigh, dejectedly. Yet, there was a little smile hidden in her pout. "Whilma has already been celebrating all around the neighborhood, but if you'll join us, you'll get to meet people you already know in a whole new way." Having lost all shame at her raunchy block parties, Whilma was up for anything. She said the block party members all have seen and tasted her throughout the year, but once a year, she loved teasing people who didn't belong to the group to tempt them with what they were missing. Dani wanted to know what I had schemed. "Well, THAT would be telling. All I'll say for now is we're going to the supermarket to get more sausage links.
Dani asked, "Does that mean I or we have to stuff money in our fleshy purses? That can't be sanitary."
"Though I had considered that, we're going to go without money and try to persuade our butcher to give us the links gratis. I'm sure he'll want something in exchange, so you will have a trade item stuffed in your 'purse' before we leave here. Since we don't know his health status, you won't be exchanging any fluids. I'm watching out for you as I challenge you. Now, what can we stuff you with that he might want and won't break on the way? I'm sure he'd love some pussy-soaked bread sticks, but they won't survive the walk. I ruled out living foods, like squid, octopussy and certainly crabs!"
Sue called out, "Oh, oh! I know. We have cooked potatoes in the freezer, and we can reheat them on the grill. If we stick to the medium, oval ones, they'll fit snugly. Hmm, I bet they'll be very tasty too. We also have some cooked yams frozen. They're longer but thinner and a great fit. Since we cook them til they caramelize, they might be too soft for our asses."
"I like it! Very clever, Sue. The yams will be especially sweet with the help of any of your delicious honey pots. I don't think the spuds will need any sour cream either. We can pack your shapely rumps with the bigger carrots."
"Not just OUR rumps!" Dani challenged. "You guys have fillable rumps too and I won't do it unless you do it too!"
"Well! Surprising dowdy Dani speaks up finally. If I needed any convincing, you got me. Tell you what, I'll even trust YOU to stuff me." Sue put Sharon's bottled remnants in the fridge and brought out two spuds, two yams and eight fat carrots to feed the grill. "I just realized, we don't need to cook them thru, just take the chill off so your sweet fleshy ovens don't get frostbite. Of course, we'll heat everything so they feel warm inside us. I hate the thought of a cold carrot in my ass!" While I heated our stuffings, Jill and Sue went to the slip-n-slide; Jill was the catcher. Dani asked what I expected of her. "We're going to take the long way there for two reasons: we'll maximize your, umm OUR, exposure; and the path I found is tree lined all the way so you won't have to deal with the sun."
I watched Sue literally throw herself, tongue extended, at Jill. Her second attempt was a five pointer since her tongue bounced off Jill's clit and into her warm, wet cunt. Sue drew herself deeper inside Jill by pulling against Jill's sweet ass. After all we'd done, watching my wife lap and feast on a woman still made my pole rise. Whilma sashayed sexily to me and wrapped her hand around my stiff soldier. "Want me to help you with this?" Before I could answer, she gripped me firmly, twisted her hand around me as she dragged it into my pubes. After licking her teeth, she dropped to her knees and noisily sucked my rigid rod into her mouth.
"Jeeez Al, you been chompin on the little blue pills?" exclaimed Bill. I knew he wouldn't believe the truth - that I hadn't had any pills, so I turned away. His wife also ignored him and pressed her tits into my back which made my dick surge into Whilma's throat. After watching my dick vanish several times, she nuzzled my neck and licked my ear. My moans made Whilma look up at Dani and me. After biting my ear lobe, she dropped to the ground behind me and ever so gently skimmed my ass. The light attention made my hair stand up with goose bumps. I barely noticed Dani kiss and spread my cheeks until I felt her tongue searching for my rosebud. She cupped my balls gently and, unable to reach my perineum, licked up my split until she reached my star muscle. She licked it, sucked it and gently pried it open with tongue and finger. Ohhh, dirty Dani soon pushed her index finger inside me and twisted it. I lurched deeply down Whilma's throat before quickly pushing back against that wonderful finger exploring my rectum. I felt dizzy between two beautiful women lavishing so much attention on me at once. Dani wrapped her free hand around my dick and kept feeding it to Whilma. As I loosened my sphincter, I felt her other hand slip a second finger into my ass and begin aggressively twisting and probing deeper. My round muscle's tingling helped me ignore her overly enthusiastic prostate hunt until I felt the primal urge to immediately evacuate my boys. With a shout between alarm and relief, I threw my head back, gritted my teeth, thrust my pubes against Whilma and shoved my stiff hose deep down her throat. A louder and louder grunt signaled each dizzying release of a flood of sperm into Whilma's belly.
When I stopped my spasms, Dani took my dick in mouth to clean and savor the reward of their efforts. Whilma, eyes still bulged, kept swallowing the final pool in her mouth until she could speak. "Wow! If I knew you were going to flood me like that, I would have put you in my pussy so I could feel the heat of your explosions." Dani alternated between sucking my meat clean and licking my overflow from Whilma's face and tongue. My half hard tool twitched again. She blissfully enjoyed her task while the peepers and our group watched in awed silence. "I guess you really needed some release!" I dropped, open mouthed, onto the bench, sat in a stupor and waited for my brain to reboot.
Fortunately, Jill and Sue took over the grill when I lost control. The carrots were hot and the rest were at least warm. "OK boys, let's start with the carrots. They're down to 120 now. Since his asshole is still slack, bend Al over the table while I spray this down with that cold water." Barely aware of my face on the table, I was aware of a comforting warmth infusing my gut. The heat crept higher inside me and soon filled me. As my wits returned, I realized the source of the heat was my sphincter... no something inside it ...something firm. The carrot! Suddenly I was alert and aware. When I looked back, I saw Dani crouched behind me with a sinister smile on her pretty face. She aggressively twisted the carrot deeper into me until all that was left exposed were the greens. Dani's revenge?
Dani and Jill pulled the back off Gary's chair and Jill held him flat while Dani quickly stuffed a hot, unlubricated, carrot into her husband's ass. He tried to lurch away, but the orange toy was already deep inside him. "Owww! Shit that burns, bitch! Take it easy!" he scowled at his wife. She gave the carrot another angry, but silent twist that pushed it completely inside. There was no joy in either of them. I knew he didn't enjoy the insertion, but his slowly simmering silly smile said he seemed to like the warmth.
"Dani and Whilma, come put your faces on the table." I pointed to the table that would expose their wet swollen labia, pearls and glutes to our peepers so they could watch me stuff their naked bodies. "In thanks for your requisite relief, you may have first choice of food to fill your savory ovens." Whilma picked a fat spud about the diameter of her fist and nearly eight inches long. "That looks like a tight fit for such a petite body." She snorted disagreement. I held the spud to show her it wasn't too hot and asked her to first pull her cheeks apart and spread her legs for us. I drained some heat from the carrot with my hands, then smoothly and swiftly sank the orange dildo into her gaping, wet pussy. After pushing it in to the max, I twisted it and tilted it to titillate her G until she gasped and soaked the carrot with fresh nectar. I pulled out the warm tool and swiftly twisted it into her slack sphincter. It took little pushing to completely vanish the foot long root inside her while leaving six inches of greens dangling. "That root is too long to safely eat without boiling first, so try to remember that. And... here come the spud! Here come the spud!" Necessary or not, I pushed my nose, tongue and finger inside her. She was still wet enough to take the spud, so I leaned it against her labia and wondered how to get something so big past her tight lips. Gary watched and wondered too. Holding the spud against her lips, I wiggled two fingers around it and coated her inner lips and the spud with her potable fluids. "Sue, would you get me Sharon's liquid so I can make this easier on her?" While waiting, I wondered how to get it back out if it's such a squeeze. "Maybe I should cut it in half first?" Whilma said it was MUCH smaller than her children and she popped them out in under an hour each. "I decided that I am putting it in narrow side first so you can adapt without harm. When it has to come out, it will be easier to snake a finger inside and push out against the wider part. In worst case, we'll use a tong and either pull it out or mash it in place. What we can't eat, we'll douche out. OK?" She agreed and I sprayed the fat end of the spud. The narrow side fit with little pressure and the slick, fat end followed easily. Light applause reminded me we were still watched. Some men and women inside the fence were masturbating themselves or each other. One couple fucked standing so they could keep watching. "You have two special sauces in you now and soaking into that spud. Remind the butcher of that and I bet its value will at least triple."
After seeing the problems with the spud, Dani chose a long, thin, knobby yam. "Instant karma's gonna get you...now." Since her rear hole was partially relaxed, I just briefly pushed a fat, six-inch carrot into Dani's delectable deli and quickly covered it in her cream. The tapered end slid easily into Dani's anus, but the fat end stopped two inches short of vanishing. I watched her holes as I firmly pinched her thick nipples. She moaned and winked her round muscle with each pinch, but it wasn't enough. Even licking her rosebud didn't relax her. I squirted a little of Sharon's squirt on the exposed carrot and pulled it out an inch to lube inside her anus. With gentle twisting and pushing, the full carrot completely disappeared. "Gary, you can start filling Sue and Jill as I did with these two. If you need to use Sharon's sauce, be stingy with it." Sue chose the other foot-long, knobby, crooked yam so Jill got the other spud. It was smaller and longer than Whilma's. They bent flat on the other table and Gary wheeled behind them and began his playful labor. Dani was enjoying the warm carrot and shifting her hips in circles. I put my hand firmly on her low back and soft ass before kneeling behind her to check her fleshy bowl. It smelled like heaven on pot. Though she had enough wetness to take on the yam, I wanted her to cum again and lick her refreshed bowl. I pressed my nose into her open pussy and rotated my face so I could lap her clit with my flattened tongue. She shuddered. My finger found her inner clit and stroked it until she shuddered again. She groaned. I couldn't quite suck her clit face up, so I put my back on the bench and slid under her beautiful garden. I licked then sucked her clit just as I thrust two fingers inside her velvety bowl to rub both sides of her inner clit. She groaned much louder. Her soft walls oozed bountiful, savory dew as she shuddered again. I waited for her to stop. An instant later, I flanked her G and vacillated along its length until her legs trembled, her sauce poured over my face and she collapsed on me in a stupor, still twitching and draining her goodness on me. I groaned, felt my stiffness twitch, and conceded that this was an appropriate and enjoyable way to die - suffocated under a flood of pot scented heaven. I didn't fight it and felt the world slipping away into a dark, quiet, warm peacefulness. My last, quiet thought was that Dani would have a wonderful, yet hopefully sad, story to tell her heirs.
Suddenly pussy-scented heavenly air filled my lungs and a blinding light warmed my face. As my eyes fluttered, I began to sense hands pulling my arms and holding my head. I heard voices. Loud voices getting louder. THIS is heaven? Lips on my lips pushed air into me and I gasped, choked loudly and bitterly. Reflux burned my throat and I looked around in shock. I was lying on the floor in my yard, people all around me, Dani on her knees getting ready to blow more air into me and a stranger about to slam my chest with his fist. Why was I naked? Why was everyone naked? "STOP!" I coughed and wheezed. Hands helped me sit up. "What time is it? What DAY is it?" I began to remember Nude Day and all we'd just done. "Ohh, -cough- yeah, yeah. I remember. Oh Dani, you were magnificent! Why are you crying?" I noticed my erection was a tiny shadow of its former glory. "Did I pass out? For how long?" Sue and Jill were smiling and wiping away tears.
Dani couldn't speak so she pointed to Sue. "Yes, my love. You passed out and nearly died. We didn't know you stopped breathing or were in trouble until one of our friends in the crowd pointed out your abruptly deflating dick and stilled chest. You remember it's Nude Day and what we all did?" I nodded and coughed a yes. "Good, then we can cancel the ambulance. We were all afraid we'd lost you." Tears of relief and concern streamed. "I can't lose you so soon. If... if you go... I'm going too, and I'm not ready to go." Whilma stood apart from the rest, but was also wiping tears. Gary was hidden by the crowd around me.
"I didn't think I really mattered to anyone, except maybe Sue. What's one more corpse on this big rock where billions have died? I'm really touched by the genuine concern I feel from you. And it only took a near death experience to prove it. I'll tell you about the NDE later, though there wasn't much to tell. Who spotted my 'death'?" Whilma pointed out a 30ish blonde man named Bill.
"Thank you, Bill. I think I was seconds from death, though time felt weird then." A chorus of thanks came from my wife, Jill and Whilma, under a sobbing thanks from Dani. "Please join us with your wife, we'll find food for you to play with and ..." I hesitated to extend an offer to eat or fuck our women since I didn't know him. Whilma quickly added that Bill was in the block party and was certified clean. I felt my heart slow, my mind clear and my wind return. "...and you're invited to enjoy any of us as you've already seen today."
"Thanks, Al. My wife is away until Sunday. I don't want to intrude, this is YOUR party, but I'm dying -ooops- ahhh, would love to eat your lovely ladies. But since you were getting ready to parade around town, maybe I can just join you for that and enjoy the view of all these arresting asses. I expect you ALL to join our party group so we'll have plenty of opportunities to munch and fuck."
Sue spoke up, "If you're going to join us today, you'll have to carry the hallmark of the day - a fat carrot in your ass. I have two extra ones on the grill. But we have to take care of this softy or we'll feel terrible insulted. Since you saved my husband, and Whilma says you're safe, I'll take first shift on this lovely, uncut shaft. Once I get it rigid, you can bounce it around the yard for EVERYONE to admire your heroic soldier." She stroked it lightly and slid back his foreskin with each deep stroke. Still stroking his dick, she walked him closer to the fence so the crowd could watch her reward him. She dropped where the peepers and our party could see her say a sincere prayer of thanks, directed at his stiffening pulpit. She licked and sucked his staff until his veins thickened and the head strained purple. It grew big! Bigger than officer Dan's. Sue sucked his balls and under them before licking and laving his lengthy lingam. As she struggled to suck it into her mouth, I noticed Dani was gone.
She didn't seem to be in the yard, but just as I was about to give up, I heard someone on the far side of the house, away from the peepers' view. As I turned the corner, I saw Dani sitting on the shaded cool grass and leaning against the house, sobbing. I sat quietly next to her, waiting for her to feel free to explain. Finally, "I... I... nearly.... -sob- killed youuu -sob, snort- When I saw you laying there, pale and nearly dead... No! I DID kill yououu. Your heart sssstopped! Yyouou were nnnot breaaathing! I.... -sob- realized howow much I... I... cared and never told you. How mmmuch.... I LOVE you and all the care youou showed -sob- me... It was all taken away before I knew it, bby my killer kunt. I knew I'd NEVER forgive my self and I wanted to cccut it off or sew it shut. I killed you with my PUSSY! How can you forgive mmmme or stand to be near me?"
"Wow! You said a lot there! Maybe you haven't noticed... I'm not dead. Been there, done that! As far as I can tell, there were three reasons I nearly died, or maybe did: 1- Your brain was in shock from a hormone OD which I caused. My fault. You couldn't feel me under you so it would have been ruled an accidental death. 2- I could have lifted your sweet, soft, beautiful ass off my face, but I didn't. I'll tell you why in a minute. 3- No one suspected I was in trouble until it was too late. If Bill hadn't seen my dick wilt and then check my chest. I'd still be dead. NONE of that was your fault." She threw her arms over me and sobbed deeply into my shoulder. "I'm profoundly touched that you think you care for me so much and even thought you LOVED me that you wanted to deform yourself out of guilt. Don't ever consider that again! I felt my life slipping away and I chose to keep my nose in your heavenly scent. You're the first I'm telling this to." I told her all I remembered and felt while I died happily under her. "If anyone is to blame, I am. I don't know how or if I should tell that part to Sue. Let's keep it our big secret for now." She nodded her head as I casually caressed her big breasts and pulled a nipple. "Why did you think you LOVED me?"
"Ohhh, well... I know we've only really spent time together naked and fornicating, but there's a consistent concern I feel from you that seems genuine. Though you've pushed me so far beyond my comfort space, you're always there to catch me in case I stumble. You reassure me, genuinely caress me, show you care ABOUT me even when not naked. I see the kindness in you and how you allow Sue to find her own boundaries while you watch her back too. Those are qualities I want in the man I love. Gary had most of that until his legs were crushed. That changed his life, but it changed mine too. I really like altruistic, loving sex and Gary stopped giving that. His bitterness comes into the bedroom and he yells his frustrations at me. If his legs were healed today, I think it would still be too late for us. I feel poisoned, dying. With you and Sue, I feel alive again. I see hope for lasting happiness again. That's MY big secret. When Gary's legs are healed, I want a separation and maybe a divorce. Am I awful? -sobbb- An awful, selfish bitch? How can I do that to him?"
"These are big issues you probably should talk to a therapist about. I'll give you my two cents, but that may be all it's worth. You take the thoughts with you and see if you agree with them. Despite feeling hurt and used, you came here with Gary. So, at least as of today, you're not done yet. Get Gary to a therapist or at least a marriage counselor so he can see how bitter he is and how much it's hurting you. See if he recognizes his part and is willing to make changes with you. Consider that crushed legs and all the limitations that imposes, especially loss of sex, are major factors in loss of self image and self worth. That can easily make someone bitter and unpleasant to be around. But, he needs help, not more rejection. That's not an open door to a lifetime of self denial while you HOPE he gets better. Your counselor can help you both set targets and maybe deadlines for change. I think that once he can walk, drive and fuck again, he'll go back to the man you knew. Meanwhile, you're welcome to come spend days or nights with us if that helps you deal with your problems better. It may give you strength, but if Gary resents your alone time with us, it may hurt you both. Dwell on that... starting tomorrow. Put all the bad stuff out of your mind and come get your pussy prepped for our shame-free parade... when you're ready." I kissed her gently, then less so, then passionately. As I stood to go, she urgently grabbed my semi stiff staff, stared it straight in its eye and told it she LOVED him.
As I turned the corner I saw Gary in tears against the house. I asked how much he heard. "Most of her complaints and her guilt. I heard your advice too. Thank you, friend. You could have been a shit like me and told her to leave. I have treated her badly for several months and, blinded by my rage, ignored how she might feel. I can't hide from it anymore, so I'm telling her we are going to a counselor and I'll take extra sessions. She's a gorgeous angel and I want to regain her faith and love. I understand if she wants some alone time with you. I think it will help her heal, so I don't mind at all. We'll talk about it tomorrow, but... HONEY, please come out here. I have something I have to tell you." I left them to talk a bit.
When I got back to the tables, Bill was fingering Sue around her yam and sucking her clit while firmly clamping a nipple. "He unloaded in her mouth since she couldn't get him into her throat." Jill informed me. "He's been on her since you left, but she hasn't cum yet. Did you get your rocks off with Dani?" I told her the gist of our chat without details or secrets. "So when are we going to the butcher?"
"Soon as Gary and Dani join us. Is everyone 'carrying'?" Jill said even Bill had his ass stuffed. I turned to see Dani impaled on Gary's stiffie as he wheeled her to me. "Even if there room in that sweet food box, I doubt I can fill it while you're squatting on his pole. Are you ready?" She was smiling and nodded enthusiastically. She stood with an obvious, wet, pop from her damp pussy and skipped to me to toss both arms around my neck and give me a lingering wet kiss. "Get to the table, wench, and get on your back for me. Spread those gorgeous gams and pull your knee up, but leave those terrific tits exposed for us. Good. Now I'm going to check your humidity. Don't get carried away!" She was very wet, but only with her own juices. "Yam! Sharon!" I squeezed a little of Sharon on the yam and easily twisted it deep into her pussy. I left two inches protruding and had her stand to see how much was still out of her. Gary checked and approved. I walked her to the crowd and they scrutinized her, some reached out to check and tweaked her clit. I wiggled the yam around, asking her to tell me when it was comfortable. When she said it was OK, I asked her to walk the yard fence once and to run it once. She said it felt like it was coming out. It looked and felt snug, but I took advantage and stood behind her, facing our audience. I asked for a volunteer to help and a petit, pretty woman leapt out the second row. I asked her to cup Dani's mound and tell me if she felt anything while I made adjustments. I held and firmly twisted her big nipples and her hips lurched. Shortly I'd learn that she wasn't jumping because of my tweaks, but because the little woman deftly stabbed a finger into her pussy and was stealing some nectar. When I saw where her finger was, I asked her to twist her clit and test for changes. Both enjoyed the pretense and the small woman went back to the crowd with a glitter in her eye and a glimmer on her middle finger.
"OK. It's finally time. Everyone put on shoes or floppers. Dani, you may put on your big hat, but try not to hide your beaming face. I see things looking up for you two." I locked the door, turned off the grill and stuffed two keys in my jogging arm band (a car and house key). "Let's walk in two rows, the four beautiful babes up front and we three guys drooling behind you. Sue knows the way." Dani was reluctant, no afraid, to step outside the gate until Jill reminded her that all those people had been watching her do so much more than walk all day. She flushed, adjusted her big hat, and stepped out. When all the girls linked arms around waists, she seemed comforted and relaxed. More people stopped or stared at us than other naked strollers. I think the swinging green horsetails between our legs gave them permission to stare. I would have. "How are your ovens holding up?"
The spud holders were fine, but Dani and Sue complained their orange spuds were shifting. Both said they seemed to settle with an inch or two obscenely protruding from their lips. Eight, rounded cheeks jiggled randomly before us until the girls found a lock step. Then four left cheeks bounced and shifted, quickly followed by eight right cheeks. Naked Rockettes, a dream to behold. I imagined my cock extending to eight feet and replacing each lucky carrot before me. Captured in each soft, warm, snug ass, it was jerked from left to right as we walked and they wiggled. As I licked my lips and my cock quickly rose to point at the four soft targets, I noticed Bill apparently shared the same dream. His dick was the biggest of us, but had a definite curve to the right. Gary rolled between us with his stiffie aimed at Sue's head. We settled into a quiet promenade broken by Whilma's frequent call outs to familiar faces. Her shout's of 'youuuu whoooo' to nearly everyone made the girls giggle, except for the tortured groans from Dani.
"Look at how my Sue's cute ass shift's horizontally while the others have a little vertical bounce in their cheeks. Ladies, use the model walk and really shake those trunks for us. Nobody knows what that means? How can that be? OK. When you step forward, instead of planting your feet in the same plane each time, cross them slightly so you walk heel in front of the other foot's toes. See how that makes you cross your legs and twist your hips? Swing one foot around the other and plant it more off center, closer to the little toes, and see what it does to your legs and hips. We can easily see the sexy difference from here! Guys, watch my wife's ass now. It still shifts evenly across, but so much now that she compensates with her shoulders -and jiggling tits - and now has an aggressive duck waddle. She hates it, but I love it.
We continued quietly along the indirect, shady route with hard dicks bouncing as we admired the chorus line in front of us. Dani seemed more confidant and even greeted people she knew. Most didn't recognize her as their dowdy neighbor. She knew that they, at least the men, would forevermore see her this way -the very beautiful, naked, classically sculpted goddess she was. Instead of being the butt of insulting gossip, she proved she was the envy of all those gabby women. I was proud of her and hoped Gary was also.
Bill asked, "We have a few more minutes, how about some sex trivia I plucked off the web?" Despite the unenthusiastic response, he pressed on. "Let's make it a game format. Right answer gets a kiss, wrong answer and you have to kiss what I chose. OK, Jill.
What is the average distance of ejaculation?"
"Do I have to answer in the form of a question?"
"Just this once, I'll assume that's NOT your answer. No, this isn't Jeopardy. What is your answer?"
"AVERAGE is, umm, eight inches?"
"CORRECT! It's 7-10 inches, but it can travel more than 3 feet in some instances. (Even more if you are standing on a bridge or tall building....). Where would you like your kiss?" She chose her tongue and Bill happily obliged, halting our parade for a minute.
"Mmmmm, delicious! OK, SUE. What is the result of the act of cumming into a pussy or an anus called?"
"Easy. Creampie."
"RIGHT. Where do you want your kiss?"
"Umm, on my husband's dick and for the full minute you kissed Jill."
"I should have known you would make this something tawdry!" Since my own wife chose, I had to submit. I wondered aloud why everyone wanted to suck MY dick. Bill bent and sucked me much more enthusiastically than necessary. Already primed, I wasn't able to hold back. When Sue saw my prerelease grimace, she asked Bill to only swallow half so she could suck the rest from his mouth. The image of that and Bill's far too skillful tongue quickly sent my swimmers racing down his throat. He licked his lips and cleaned my cock before turning to Sue, "Sorry, just one kiss per answer! You'll have to solicit that creamy cum on your own."
"DANI, what are the six main nutritional components in ejaculate? Just the categories will do."
"SHIT! How would I know?"
"Incorrect! There's no shit in it, unless it was a deep deposit anal creampie. Here:
Proteins and amino acids:glutathione, creatine
Sugars:Fructose, sorbitol, inositol, deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)
Minerals:Phosphorus, zinc, magnesium, calcium, potassium
Vitamins:Ascorbic acid (vitamin C), vitamin B12, choline
Hormones:Testosterone, prostaglandins
Body byproducts:Lactic acid, urea, uric acid, nitrogen
Cum has very few calories and will not make you fat. I guess that could have been another question! Damn. OK, I want your kiss... on my dick for a minute."
She stared blankly at him, "How do we know that's right and how the hell do you remember all that?" She pried his stiff cock into her mouth and squeezed his balls while teasing his frenulum, hoping for a quick release. Bill speedily responded that he taught biology in high school. The question of the components of sperm came up at least once per class, so he finally memorized it. As he finished his reply, he grunted and thrust into Dani's maculate mouth several times. She popped his dick out and licked the remnants then gave Gary a kiss and lick across his lips.
"That should be against the rules, but isn't so, no foul. How about some female questions? Whilma, can anyone survive on a diet of ONLY pussy juice?"
"Ummm, mmmm, YES I think you can if you can draw enough of it daily. I'd love the challenge of it anyway."
"Sorry. The nutrition effect is low because pussy juice is very low on calories due to the absence of proteins. You would need to drink at least 35 gallons (140 liters) of pussy juice a day to avoid starvation compared to 0.3 gallons (about 1 liter) of male ejaculation.
Here are some facts about Pussy Juice:
Pussy juice has very few calories. Its chemical composition is somewhat similar to vinegar which contributes to its sometimes bitter taste; some of us think it just tastes divine. Unfortunately, there are not enough nutrients to survive solely on pussy juice.
Every pussy tastes somehow different, mainly dependent on what the owner of the pussy ate within the prior 48 hours. Common pussy taste is described as: buttery, sour, bitter, lemony, sweet, salty but not too salty, fishy and tangy.
Pussy Juice Contains:Lots of Water;
Pyridine:An organic compound with a typical fishy odor. It's major role in chemical solutions is to prevent freezing of water. Only god knows why women produce Pyridine in their pussy. Pyridine is the only cause for "fishy" pussies and the pussy owner has no way to decrease the percentage of Pyridine in her pussy juice. (Though bacteria growth in unclean pussy effects the smell and taste too.)
Squalene:An organic compound which is oil-like. Its major role is lubrication. It has no odor.
Carbamide:An organic compound also to be found in urine. Mostly used as fertilizer! Some scientists believe the role of carbamide is to extend the life cycle of the male sperms after ejaculation into her pussy. It smells a little bit like oak wood, but far less intensive.
Acetic acid and lactic acid:Also to be found in milk. Does not smell at all.
Alcohols (very little):You would need to drink 26 gallons (or 105 liters) of pussy juice in order to reach the alcoholic effect of one glass of beer. I'm sure Al's up for trying that. The role of the alcohol in pussy juice is to prevent the components above to separate from each other.
None of the components is in any way toxic or has any positive or negative effect if swallowed."
"Whilma, you will kiss Jill's clit for the full minute." They both clapped their hands and squealed like kids. Before kneeling, Whilma looked around for children. Seeing none, she wrapped her tongue under the hood and around Jill's stiffening pearl. Jill moaned for the entire minute, but didn't climax. The chorus reformed and the stroll resumed.
"Here are some short questions. We can skip the game part if you portion your perfect pulchritude. How's that for alliteration? Meaning, how about just two of you at a time turn to face us and walk backwards between questions?" I figured there was no way they would concede that, but after a moment of giggles and whispers they succumbed to his blatant flattery.
"What is the record for 'Most female and male orgasms in an hour? No offense to anyone here, and I wouldn't take on this challenge either, but it's 134 female and 16 male orgasms IN AN HOUR! My paltry personal best was 10 in a NIGHT and I brought a woman to 37 over six hours. I guess I'll have to do better!"
The two ladies on the right turned to face us and relinked arms. Four beautiful bouncing tits competed with four bounding butts for our stiff attentions. I remembered one, "What's the longest ejaculation? American Horst Schultz was recorded ejaculating 18 feet 9 inches. He also holds the records for height (12 ft 4in) and speed (42.7mph). A woman has been recorded ejaculating 10 feet."
All four women reversed. Bill retorted, "I heard that too. Ladies, what was the most semen ingested? In 1991, Michelle Monahan of L.A. had 1.7 pints of semen pumped from her stomach. She must have swallowed more since they couldn't get it all and some must have left her belly too."
Our four performers jostled awkwardly to leave only the first and third facing us. Gary joined the barrage, "What was the largest gang bang? I doubt Guinness recorded this one. Pornstar Lisa Sparxxx nailed 919 guys in 24 hours. This defeated previous records of 646 in 2002 and 759 in 2003. I bet she was a sore winner."
All four ladies reversed. I added, "What's the largest orgy? In Japan 250 couples had sex at the same time and in the same place while camera crews recorded the event. Despite all testing negative for STDs, the couples only had sex with their partners. And the longest masturbation session: in 2009, Masanobu Sato attended the 2009 World Masturbate-a-thon in San Francisco and broke his previous masturbating record with a session lasting 9 hours and 58 minutes. OUCH!"
The four reversed again. "I got one," piped Gary. "What's the largest gang bang for a man Porn star? Jon Dough had sex with over 55 women in one day, having 5 to 6 orgasms. We must each be close - to the number of orgasms anyway." Gary said Dani had NINE orgasms already and was sure there were more to CUM. I counted seven for me and four for Sue -so far.
In the next about-face, Whilma faced us and spoke up, "How about I add one? What's the most penis castrations? In 1300 BC, King Menephta defeated the Libyans and to celebrate, cut off 13,000 penises from the defeated army. An ancient monument to him lists the names of all the penis owners. You won't find THAT in your history classes. Beware boys..."
The next turnabout Jill took a turn, "ewwww! Something slightly more gentle... What's the most children birthed by one woman? Russian peasant, Valentina Vassilyeva, birthed 69 children in a total of 27 births between 1725 and 1765, including 16 pairs of twins, 7 sets of triplets, and four sets of quadruplets. The modern record is held by Leontina Albina of Chile who claims to have mothered 64 children, of whom 55 are documented. Who knows where the other nine are hiding or getting passports!"
"There's a joke about this, but I refuse to go there." Gary volunteered as the ladies turned. "What was the smallest human penis? 0.39 inches. That's less than ½ inch, so stop complaining, Dani. You have to wonder though, was that dick swollen or flaccid?"
During the snickering, the ladies turned again. Dani answered, "I never complained even when your friends called you 'pencil dick'. So What is the largest human penis? The official record is 13.5 inches (34 cm) long and 6.25 inches in circumference, measured in the early 1900s by Dr. Robert L. Dickenson. Not even swinging stud Bill comes close to that. I don't think I'd let anything that big near ANY of my holes!"
"Then you'll hate this." Bill responded, but waited for the ladies to make another dizzying turn. "What's the largest penis of any animal? Rorqual whales have penises that average 10 feet, and as much as a 1 foot in diameter. Hippopotamuses and elephants only have 2 foot dicks. Have we had enough?"
"One more, but I think you ladies have been good sports and may all walk normally now. What is the largest human clitoris? InThe Sexual Anatomy, W. Francis Benedict mentions a 12 inch clitoris. How'd you like to deep throat THAT?"
"OK, now that's enough." replied Whilma. "Have you all been watching MANSWERS or what? We're just a block from the market. Do you have a plan, Al?" A young, naked, couple hurriedly crossed the street and paused to stare at us. We stopped and the woman stared at our stiff again cocks as her husband greeted Gary with a tease and asked if his plain wife knew he was naked on the street.
"See the sweet cheeks on the right end of the line of beautiful women? That's my plain, homely wife. Honey, you remember meeting the Scrods?" Dani turned toward us, perfectly timed with a sun ray breaking thru the trees and brilliantly lighting her exquisite, porcelain perfection. I expected to see a star twinkle on her gleaming teeth.
Whether from embarrassment or anger, a splotch of red ran from above her nipples to her brow. Instead of extending her hand, she took a defiant, confident, legs spread wide with hands on hips Wonder Woman pose and glared at the obviously inferior, yet pretty, wife. Addressing their rudeness, "Yes, I remember. You were among the first, whispering loudly, to nominate me 'dowdy Dani'. Thank you so much for spreading that moniker to all your friends. THIS is the dowdy me you couldn't see and will never touch, so fuck you!" Wow! The wallflower found her power. Now we knew why she was so red.
The girls hurried after Dani and Gary chided, "See what happens when you prejudge a frumpy book by its cover? You miss out on her perfection." He wheeled off after Dani, leaving us to chase him and ignore the embarrassed couple.
The girls hadn't gone far and were clustered in a group hug with Dani trembling among them. She was smiling, "That felt so good to slap their faces with their own gossip. But it was so unkind too. I don't want to be like them. Maybe I should hurry and appol..."
"Not yet Dani. Let them bask in their own misbehavior and give them time to learn a lesson from it. Then we can apologize together. I agree with you about living by the Golden Rule, but I think timing counts." That's the most profound and supportive thing I ever heard from Gary. Maybe there is hope for them. Dani sat on him and kissed him firmly.
"Good for you both. Now let's get to our Nude Day pinnacle. Bob isn't much to look at, but the meat he hides behind his apron is impressive. It's long and thin, perfect for raiding rump roasts - that means YOUR rumps. But(t) since you won't be fucking or licking, well, I'll leave it to you to figure how to get free meat from him. With four of you, let's try for thick kielbasa, long link sweet sausage, small neck Genoa salami and.... hmmmm... we'll let him suggest something else." We stood at the entrance to the market, debating if we should really take this last step when another naked couple walked past us and entered. When a few naked singles, male and female, entered with little notice of us, we went in.
Far from a SUPERmarket, it was still bigger than a country store, it still had a produce, general goods and a deli/butcher section with a small grill. Brenda, co-owner, worked the checkout counter. She was in her early 50s, blond/sliver hair, very pretty face, average body and height with sagging D-cups and well-stretched nipples. Her ass and skin were still tight and though her pulchritude was gone, she was still desirable and a delight to watch. Bob, her other half and business partner, was the butcher. In his early sixties, he was chubby yet muscular, short, grey haired and balding with a moderate beer belly. He was an affable and horny male, still 30 in his head, but no ones' idea of an idol. His biggest attribute, he claimed, was in his pants. Once a year he got to show it to everyone and he says that gets him some action. Brenda was beyond jealously, he crowed, not sure if that were praise worthy.
Jill wondered, "What does he like? How do we approach him?" I explained that during a poker night, while drunk, he boasted that while he liked the taste of sweet and tangy, wet pussy, he preferred to drill in dark wells and didn't care if they were male or female. He laughed, telling us that asses are all the same except for some extra hair on men. He said his long dick was ideal for popping anal virgins. When we tried to ignore him, he dropped his pants and showed us. That's how I know it's really big. He also said he liked the taste and musty smell of back doors.
Brenda took wary notice of the four beauties and three stiff dicks moving past her counter. She had to wonder why we all had green pony tails securely attached to us. Though noting the produce possibilities, we headed straight for the butcher. Bob was bent over a display case to organize the chilly contents. His sagging bare ass didn't compel a second look. "Heya, Bob! What's cooking?" He turned to greet me and was shocked at the line of beautiful, naked women looking at him.
"Al! So good to SEE you, All of you. And you all too. Celebrating Nude Day too I see. This is the first year I've seen you in the buff. Looking good! And Sue, wow! You look even better naked than in that loose little bikini you wore at the pool. Vah vah vooom! I know Bill and Whilma from our block party, still looking hot. I can't wait for our August party. I know Gary from our card nights and the track." Giving his stiff, tall dick a stare and pointing at it, "I didn't know you cared. I'll deal with YOU later, or Brenda will. But I don't know these two goddesses. You look just like that dancer on TV, Julliane Hough?"
"Yes, this is the divine Jillian, Julliane's local clone and YOUR delivery girl. This other porcelain knockout is..."
"I'm apparently locally known as dowdy Dani, Gary's pathetic wife and a FREQUENT customer here." she cut in, annoyed.
Bob struggled to stare only at her face, twisting his lips, neck and eyes to recognize her. After blocking her stunning body with his hand under his eyes, he gasped, "Dani!?! Holy s.... WOW! You... BRENDA, come look who this is. Jeez you look so different, so spectacular naked. I never would have guessed.... and your being so shy too." He swallowed noisily and gaped several times while assessing her from head to toe. "Dani, you are stunning." Brenda gasped when she recognized my own sweet Pygmalian. "I'll never see that dowdy image of you again even if you overly enclothe your magnificent charms anew." His suddenly, hugely tenting apron testified to his sincerity.
"OK, Bob. I believe you and will forgive you if you can help us out. We needed something for our grill and thought of you." Dani flirted and teased. "I've never seen your apron stand so far from you. I guess it appreciates what it sees too." She pointed directly at his bulge then ran her finger down his apron and out along the hidden prick. It visibly surged and flapped the apron. "Is all that for meeeee?" she said as her finger reached the tip. He gasped when she squeezed his glans and his eyes crossed. Brenda bruskly turned away, whispering something about his being in good hands.
"Oh, doll, what can I do for you? Anything you want. I don't see any money, so I bet you want to barter something. What are you offering?" Right to the point.
Jill sidled next to him and stroked his exposed nipple, thus inviting him to stroke and pinch hers and Dani's. He glared at us as he fondled both beauties. "We actually have a delivery for you in exchange for enough meat to replace them in their crates. Whilma and I are each smuggling a twice baked, twice seasoned potato. It is a special delicacy since it's been marinating in our special sauce. I bet that's worth a small fortune to you. Dani and Sue are each heating a sweet yam in their smuggle ovens for you and Brenda to enjoy, if you know what I mean."
"Spuds? You're offering me spuds in exchange for meats?"
"Special, unique spuds." Sue joined the seduction. "As if basting in our personal sauces weren't enough, we each had the additional juices from a beautiful policewoman applied to our bounty to help slide them inside our smuggler boxes." I'm afraid they showed all their cards too and may have shifted the power to him. No, there's one bribe left before the negotiating ramps up. "If you're not interested in inspecting our boxes, we can go to another butcher and offer... ourselves." Sue squeezed his pointy apron and he shivered.
"Well, just give me a minute. What are you looking for exactly?" Knowing his poker tactics, I felt I had to cut in and be plain.
"Bob, if you haven't guessed by now you're too dense to make a fair exchange. These four beauties have been marinating those spuds in their pussy juice for you with an extra spicy helping of cop pussy. While we can't allow you to fuck or lick them, we'll get you right next to their wet flesh. Besides just swapping the spuds for some meat, we'll let YOU dig them out of these beautiful, tasty honey pots right here. You can let your customers watch and increase your sales too. You'll at least get to taste five savory pussies that I can swear to you, all taste divine. Digging out the spuds will also coat your fingers with their freshest sauces and give you wet dreams for weeks. If that doesn't make your dick drool, we have nothing to discuss. While we don't have health certificates, I can swear we're all healthy and clean."
"I like what you have to offer, but my wife and my business get nothing out of this. I can't sell these grubs, though I could get a very good price for them if I could. I wonder if I could raffle them... no, I think the health codes still apply. How can I increase sales?"
Whilma piped up, "Brenda would share in our baked vegetarian and organic banquet. I KNOW she likes to eat pussy; she's had mine often enough. If that's still not enough, how about we add some fresh baked carrots?"
"Is that what those green ferns are hanging between your legs? They must be in your asses. Is that seven of them?"
"Yes, all seven. We'll let you remove those too. I told them how much you like ass. We'll, ummmm, even let you finger all seven of us there. Well, four of seven? And YOU can fill our holes with your... meats. Deal?"
"Not yet. There must be a way to ....ahhh maybe if we can use your bodies to advertise until we close. Yes, that's it. Signs on all your bodies posed so they bring in customers. We can figure it out."
"Not until closing! How about one hour and we have a deal?"
"Not long enough. I need enough time so people can call friends to come see the sale too. Two hours minimum!"
"Agreed!" We shook on the deal and began brainstorming. "How about we put Bill in the front window with a sign for hot sausage?"
Bill said "I'll need a stool and some fluffing if you want me to stay stiff for two hours!" Brenda volunteered to help fluff him, IN THE WINDOW.
Bob offered, "Let's put Gary outside the store, rolling back and fort with two signs. One on his chest saying "Volunteer inside for Meals on Wheels." The second on his casts with just a big yellow arrow curving up to point at his shlong. Ohh, and a copy of the chest sign on the back of the wheelchair. What about YOU, Al? What can we do with you? Hmmmm, how about a narrow sign for your chest saying 'Big Juicy Meatballs! Not me, see Bob.' You would walk all around the store and steer people to me. And that covers the men. I think you three should leave the carrots in you. The swaying greens will catch some eyes and interest. Now four raving beauties. How can I use you?"
I began to wonder if it were even possible to stuff enough meat in us to make all this worth our time and efforts for TWO fucking hours. "Why don't we stand one woman by the entry with a sign that says "Welcome. Don't forget to check our clams"? Dani can do it so she can meet even more of her rude neighbors and shut them up. But there's no part of her beautiful body I'd want to cover. Let's put the sign on a stick so it would be above her head and let her beauty shine."
"Yes! Jill could be at the checkout counter with a placard that says 'did you find everything OK?' The double meaning isn't too obvious. Maybe the back of it asks about your high margin items, 'tacos, cookies, milk, cream pies?' Too much? Nah!"
"Al, how about we put Sue inside the last display case? I just cleaned it and people will have to walk past the full cases to see her. No, her ass is far too tiny for what I want to push. Let's put Whilma in there, curled up on her side with her curvy ass nearly against the glass so folks can really see it. I want to push my new Kobe Big Mac using her big beautiful buns as my burger buns. With her knees curved away, I can use her ass cheeks and thighs to build my super burger. Crisp lettuce under a fat 1/3 lb. Kobe patty (half cooked for display and reusability), slice of sharp cheese, two thin organic tomatoes, topped with kosher pickle slices. We won't offer the 'special sauce'. $9.99 for the organic Super Big Mac, $15.99 for the demo model! I bet we sell a lot of demo meat. I'll even make a show, while the patty is cooking, of wiping her ass, holes and thighs with alcohol swabs before I build the next floor model. It's probably best to remove her carrot though the extra green would look nice, but not in this case. I think I'll put a little sign by her tits, 'Don't forget your milkshake!' Ouuuuu, I'm liking this. Oh, I forgot the seeded buns... a little warm butter rubbed on her cheeks will hold the sesame seeds on her buns. One more sign just for the FDA might say 'While sanitized for your protection, floor model food may not be consumed.' " He took a close-up photo of her ass so he could later make it into an oversized poster to leave up long after our two hour stint was over.
"OK, Bob, just Sue left. Maybe we can use her thick labia to form an organic, veggie sandwich or taco? We'd have to brace her so she could lay on her side with a knee up and wide open so everyone could analyze her pussy, I mean your sandwich! That butter trick will keep poppy or sesame seeds on her large lips. Let's use a large spinach leaf, or two as a holder for layers of tomato slices, soy cheese and sprouts. After folding the leaf around the layers, we can slip it in her tempting trough as a unit. We can leave the carrot in her and spread some of the greens under her other lip. It should look attractive if anyone can take theirs eyes off my wife's perfect pussy. Since she'll be accessible, there should be some hand sanitizer by her. I'm sure someone will stick a finger in her to 'check' the contents and her sauce. Hmmm, can you charge for that? If we shave her labia and frame a photo so her clit doesn't show, you can get away with a poster of her 'Natural Sandwich' and leave it up all year."
"I don't think I can charge for poking your wife. That would probably be some kind of Vice crime. So, which of MY delicacies needs to come out now? Obviously Sue's yam and... Whilma's carrot. Let's get Gary's carrot too since it isn't helping anyone. Brenda, would you boil some water? Thanks, love." Gary shifted forward and pulled his out as soon as Bob asked for it. Brenda made the signs while Whilma bent over for Bob - over a chair near the entrance where anyone could watch. He twisted and pulled, but had to dip into her wet oven and lube the hole. When it still wouldn't loosen, he used his tongue and fingers to get inside her and pry while biting the greens and pulling. As soon as the carrot appeared, it easily shot out of her ass and knocked him on his. Her butt hole slowly closed, so he rushed his tongue inside with a finger to hold it open. Brenda took the musky root from him and dropped it into the briskly boiling water with Gary's. She returned to catch Bob deeply licking her anus and her labia. "Honey, take my apron off so it stays clean. I have to fuck this pretty ass real soon. She and Bill are the only one's we can fuck and eat. Let's take her spud out now so I can get in her pussy first. Brenda, why don't YOU dig into her pussy for the spud while I keep two fingers in her ass? I can help you push it out from back here." Her big tits had a slow pendulum look as they swung heavily with her shifting. The thick potato moved freely, but took some work to get it out. It cracked and slipped before Brenda trapped it with a finger from each hand. Bob pushed from behind and Whilma's fat labia stretched and gaped open enough for the spud to stagger out. I'd imagined they would slide out easier than that. Brenda held it high to a scattering of applause. She smelled and licked a finger, giving Bob the other one. Then she sniffed around the spud and licked it in two spots before taking a big bite of the lukewarm veggie. The customers gasped. She passed it to Bob and he did the same sniffing before he too took a big bite. Bob said, "There's a line where the sweet scent shifts a little. I bet that's where the cop's juice went. The spud is delicious and savory. I wouldn't mind a little more sauce." Brenda dipped a finger in Whilma and swept for more juice. Since the spud had apparently absorbed nearly all her juice, Brenda volunteered that she would have to make her cum. "I can help with that." said Bob. He looked around and saw no kids so he replaced his two fingers with the head of his cock. Brenda had two fingers in their block party mate and one circling her clit. As her three fingers worked on Whilma and her husband pushed his ten-incher fully into Whilma, she lapped the trapped woman's cunt. Bob pounded her anus harder and she began to gasp. Bill was about to stuff her face with his cock, but remembered he had to keep it stiff for two hours so he backed away frustrated.
Sue found a paper plate and a knife to cut the potato remains in four long quarters. She took a quick lick of one and licked her lips, but put it down. We, hell, I can always make more, she thought. Brenda's mouth was full of pussy, but Bob said, "A little salt and pepper wouldn't hurt, but that dual special sauce is incredible alone. Get ready, dear. Here she cums!" He was close. Brenda slid along her G and pressed her clit shaft while her thumb flicked her glans clit and Whilma screamed and shuddered. She flooded Brenda's hand as Bob flooded her rectum. "Quick, the potato..." Since Bob's hands were busy, Sue handed Brenda two quarters together. Brenda put four fingers inside Whilma and wiped one wall with them. A thick cream coated her fingers. She wiped them all around the potato pieces before inverting her hand and wiping the other wall. Once the spud pieces were coated, she bit and slid one into her mouth. She sighed at the heavenly taste.
"Where's mine?" cried Bob, still holding his dick in the flooded rectum as a cork. Sue took the other piece from Brenda and teased him with it -almost getting it in his mouth, then pulling it to hers. The second time she did this, she took a small bite and sucked and savored the stolen bit then finally stuffed Bob's mouth before he could protest. His eyes closed as he sucked Whilma's juice thru the spud and crushed it before swallowing. "Ohhhh, myyy! I could get rich very quickly if I could sell that." And he too sighed and for the first time we'd ever seen it, his face looked blissful. "Where's the rest of it?"
Sue passed them to Brenda to get more of Whilma's cream. She took the hint and pushed them, one at a time, inside Whilma's empty oven and swirled them around inside. When they were thoroughly coated, she coerced the slippery morsels out carefully and took a little lick before reluctantly deciding to give them to Bob. He knew better, no matter how motivated, than to invade her pussy with an unsheathed, shitty dick. Brenda got up, fought the off balance thrusts of her huge tits, and handed the spuds to Bob. "Ready hon? I'm adding my own sauce for moisture and flavor." I hoped he wasn't about to do what.... he was... he did! He uncorked her ass and held the spud under it as his 'sauce' oozed out of her rear. When the last of his cream pie dropped onto the spuds, he rubbed them together to evenly coat them and made a show of biting half of one. Brenda also bit half and sucked the mixed flavors. "This is certainly wetter, and my cream nearly overwhelms the base nectar. I'm tasting one or the other cream only. Overall, I like it better with just her juice on it." I was relieved to hear that so I couldn't be tempted to experiment that way. Brenda offered her last bite to anyone else, but only Whilma wanted it. She ate it and agreed with Bob. Brenda used an alcohol wipe to clean Bob's dick in case he got to use it again.
"Ok, I guess it's your turn, Sue. If you bend over the chair your tiny titties fill out, but Al is always bragging about those perfect nipples and they don't need to hang to be perfect." I wondered how long it took him to master how to insult and compliment in one sentence. "I've noticed them before since you flash your guests so often. But I've never had a closeup full pussy view like this. In your home pool or card parties you always show your panties and that thick camel toe, but I've only had quick glimpses of your bush or partial slit." He gently traced her outer then inner labia reverently then held the greens away, one hand on each cheek, spreading them for a full, unobstructed view for as long as he liked. "Even with part of a yam hanging out of your wet cunt, it looks very appealing." My dick fluttered, with anger or arousal, I wasn't sure, as I watched him admire my wife's sex within a tongue span. "Since you're keeping your carrot, why don't you lie on your back on this cloth?"
Since the yam protruded even farther when she laid down and pulled her knees to her chest, it was easy to remove. Brenda took a longing look at Sue's sexy snatch then took the carrots out of the pot and rinsed them to cool. Bob pulled the yam slowly from Sue's clinging snatch, carefully taking the path of most resistance that made Sue convulse as the knobby root bumped and knocked its way out. He took advantage of our permission to dig his fingers into my wife and quietly stroked her clit until her breathing deepened. The yam skin noticeably darkened with Sue's renewed nectar flow. He yam fucked her until she shivered a little climax and finally twisted the yam out of her, causing her to shudder and her nipples twist into tall, hard silos.
"May I suck her stiff nipples? That should be safe for everyone." I reluctantly nodded my OK then watched as he maneuvered his skinny dick up her thighs, between her ass cheeks, thru her thick, wet lips and finally rested his meat in her furrow. He lapped, sucked and bit a nipple, pulled the other until his wife joined him and sucked Sue's other tall teat. Sue moaned and came again. As Bob stood, his sausage, obviously wet along most of his shaft, wrenched away from Sue's pussy bun. He kept his word so far.
Brenda put four bacon slices on her grill and roughly sliced the two boiled carrots before she served them in a bowl with toothpicks so we could all taste them. She diced the bacon and mixed it with the carrots. Somehow the bacon made the difference and we all tasted the ass carrots with bacon. It was tasty with no hint of ass.
Signs were finished and everyone did their part. As Bob predicted, floor samples of Whilma's Super Big Mac sold very well. Sue watched defenselessly yet with smug pleasure, as the customers called their friends to hurry down. The crowds grew much bigger during our two hours of servitude. Once they knew it was permitted, more and more people stuck sanitized fingers in her twat while 'checking' her light 'All natural sandwich'. Aroused by all the strangers' touching her, she voluntarily smeared a honey/mustard spread on one nipple with a pop stick and a raspberry/mayo spread on the other. She encouraged customers to lick her platters and made a show of wiping her tits with an alcohol pad between samples which kept her nipples hard and perfect. Sales climbed steadily.
Our two-hour gift to Bob was finally over and he was very happy with the results. "All that's left now, Bob, is for you to extract and enjoy the remaining fruits we bore then stuff our holes with GOLD grade meat. You asked and we gave a lot, so be very generous."
He had Dani lie down first, removed her carrot and passed it to Brenda for the boiling pot. He then extracted her knobby yam and fucked her with it until she creamed again. With her legs shuddering, he twisted the yam back inside her to thoroughly coat it. He and Brenda took a sample lick and sighed. Brenda put it aside. Bill and I bent over side by side and Bob made sure his customers watched out root extractions too. Brenda took the carrots to the pot. He easily twisted Sue's carrot out and sent it to the pot.
When he asked if anyone wanted Sue's 'all natural sandwich', surprising Dani leapt to her feet with a huge smile and bounced her big tits. Bob bowed to her wish and we all watched with bated breath as she slipped the spinach wrap from Sue's pussy's weak grip and licked all the sesame seed off her again swollen labium. She dug two fingers deep into my wife's moist pussy and stroked it until Sue was breathing hard. The wet fingers and lovely sounds of sloshing snatch proved Sue was slipping into yet another orgasm. She shuddered and stuttered a moan while Dani beamed over her, fingers still in my wife. When Sue stilled, Dani scooped as much nectar as her fingers could hold and put it in the spinach. She rubbed half the top leaf across the honey/mustard coated nipple and the other half over the other nipple. She offered Sue a 'small' bite off each end and finished the rest, savoring it and showing her delight on her cherubic face. Sue fell flat on her back, legs spread wide, so we could all see how wet she still was. Bob told her not to move. We'll have to taste that again from Dani's and Jill's all natural pussies.
"OK, Jill." Bob called out. "Lie back and let's get you cleaned up." Her carrot briefly resisted exiting its warm shelter, but then nearly flew out. It went into the pot too. "Put your heels on the floor close to your pretty ass and drop your knees to the sides. Her potato was smaller than Whilma's so there was no need for Bob to dig so deep into her box to get it out. Yet Bob pretended to struggle so he could stay longer inside the beautiful blonde and press her buttons.
"You know, Bob, you don't have to pretend. Take that spud out and you can finger me to orgasm anyway." With Jill's sage consent, the spud appeared to steadily levitate smoothly out of her oven, followed by two crooked fingers. He twisted it to gather more juice before it exited and put it on a paper plate between her legs. Feverishly licking his lips, he managed to restrict himself to just finger fucking her. Brenda knelt behind her head, struggling to avoid sitting on her face. Instead, she pinched and pulled Jill's nipple before leaning forward to suck and bite it. That leaning dragged her big, heavy tit across Jill's face until her fat, hard nipple stopped on Jill's lips. Bob watched Jill suck his wife's thick nipple, as he rubbed across her clit. His dick rose to full stiffness just inches from Jill's vulnerable vulva. I coughed to remind him he could not broach her with dick or mouth. He pushed two fingers inside and up to find her G. Jill was still sucking and pinching Brenda's nipples when Bob found his target. She lurched and shuddered in climax, her deep moans attenuated by her mouth full of Brenda.
He licked his Jill-covered fingers and asked Bill to bring a large sour dough bread, cut in half. "We're going to make a meal of all this." He scooped out one of the bread halves intact and stuffed the soft dough deep into Jill. After swirling it all around in her cavern, he scooped out the other half and stuffed Sue's deep cavern. "OK, let those soak. Honey, would you mash that spud and yam together while I grill this Canadian bacon? Next, slice those carrots the long way then cut them in thirds. How many want this special, pussy seasoned sandwich I'm making?" When everyone eventually raised their hands, he had to make nine servings. "Since you wimps don't want my man seasoning added, I think we need more pussy flavor." Gary spoke up saying he was willing to provide his seed and eat man seasoned food. "Well, Bill and I are certified clean, how do we know you are?"
Embarrassed, Gary explained that in the last six months, he'd only had sex with his wife (rarely), Sue and now Jill, Whilma and Dani. If they were clean, he was too. Then I remembered the twins. "They were involved in our last, ummm, orgy. We have to find out if they are clean, so I guess we finally don't know."
Whilma spoke up, "THAT's the kind of surprise we work hard to avoid in our block party. Fortunately, the twins are members and certified so YOU are clean and you didn't foul the rest of us provided Dani wasn't fouled by anyone!" She didn't look pleased. "This is why we insist on a health clearance within the past thirty days when you apply to join us and every month after that."
"So, Gary, you still might not be clean if Al or Sue or Jill isn't. Let's skip your contribution, though you may choose to eat our sauce. I'm crushing the hollowed sour dough crust and stuffing it with the yam/spud/carrot/bacon/bread mix and will add an over-easy egg for anyone who wants it. Bill, fill that shot glass with your cum and I'll add mine to it. I'm about ready to pop just thinking of this sandwich. Would you guys help Dani, Whilma and Brenda cum and stuff them with bread too? Two loaves will give us decent size sandwiches."
Before the bacon was crisp on both sides, the three remaining female contributors were brought to wet orgasms and waited to be stuffed. Essentially we got an old style, enhanced potatoes and egg hero with bacon and nectar-soaked bread. Bill, Gary and Bob had some extra man sauce on theirs. The slight tang of the sour dough worked well with the twat tang and I would gladly eat another!
Bob rounded up the meats we asked for. He brought out a thirty-inch roll of small neck premium Genoa salami, fresh made blended Turkey kielbasa, premium long link sausages, rare, fresh-made duck salami and a small neck roll of hard, brand name Parmesan cheese. "These are premium meats, but there's one too many with the cheese. How will..."
Bob enlightened us. "I chose the hard cheese so it will stay firm all the way home. I'm going to stuff all these beautiful boxes as snug as I can. And EVERYBODY gets a sausage link stuffed in their ass with two more hanging free. That's about $300 in meat and cheese. That seem fair?" It did. Bob enjoyed stuffing the four pussies.
Despite twisting and pushing and oiling her, most of the salami hung out from Whilma's box and she had Bob loop a strap around her neck and the salami. The kielbasa and duck links were thick, but Bob fit three lengths side-by-side-by-side deep in Dani and Sue. Poor Jill was stretched a bit with the Parmesan and needed a looped strap to help her too. Whilma and Jill looked like they had fat dicks held up on a leash. When we said our good-byes, Bob said he EXPECTED us to rush out for our health exams so we could join the block party in late August. Whilma said THAT was our topic during our stroll back home.
Whilma easily convinced us, even Jill who didn't live in the neighborhood, to join quickly so that was a short talk. When I asked about resuming our trivia, I was immediately booed into submission. Dani looked perplexed and asked how she could possibly wear clothes tomorrow after finally getting used to being naked all day outside.
"I could tell you what's legal, but moral is up to you." She asked me to explain. "In this state, it's legal for anyone, including women, to be shirtless and braless in public. I'll tell you another time the two step story behind that fight. That's also why you can get away with a big, cropped tank top or loose halter. They let your tits completely show under the top or thru the huge arm holes they defiantly have. Some cities allow the smallest swimsuits only within ten or so blocks of a beach. Even shear, flagging cover-ups make them legal away from the beach. I don't know how small the suits are allowed to be, but pubic hair is not prohibited, so you could come out with a tiny bottom only, with most of your pubes spilling over and around the suit. Most people find that tacky, so they CHOOSE not to do that. The law about anal exposure isn't clear and may vary locally too. What I've seen people get away with is a small string in your crack that barely covers the hole but leaves much of the sphincter exposed - in men and women! You can push it by wearing a light weight mini or wrap around skirt with no panties. You're legally covered, unless a stiff wind blows your skirt up or open. You can't foresee where or when wind might become a problem. Why don't you come over tomorrow wearing just a loose skirt, hat and shoes?"
Dani seemed to be considering it. She asked if she could be topless at a public pool, if she didn't have the sun problem. "I think that falls under the same conflict the big malls have. Both are private property and the owner can ask you to leave for ANY reason even if you are legally showing off your tits. That's likely to happen if kids are around. But ask kids if they are embarrassed, and most won't be. Some won't even understand why you ask."
We got some odd looks from people during our stroll that were mostly curious about why we had food in our bodies. We often just shrugged. When we got home, we decided to stash the foods for our next private party unless we are accepted in time for the block party and would then share some of them. We tallied our orgasms for the day and all agree that Dani had the most - ELEVEN; followed by Sue and me at seven each.
So ended our surprising Nude Day experiment with Dani. With the help of the others, she changed her attitude and stared down any rude voices that still called her 'dowdy'. Whilma rushed home to get us the short application to join the block party. Bill waved off, saying he expected us at the party. Dani and Gary left in much better moods than when they arrived. Jill spent the rest of the weekend with us - naked in the house and yard.
Dani did come back, alone, the next day wearing a wraparound skirt and big hat - no panties! While the four of us were grilling and fucking all day, Sharon called and asked if she could come over after work. When I told her who else was there, she said she would COME as soon as possible and grab a shower with us. SHE was topless before she entered our yard. I told her all we did and her mouth was wedged wide open. We shared photos on the PC, including the few from the market.
Gary's legs slowly, but completely healed over the next four months. His marriage improved greatly and he settled into frequent, regular, if not completely satisfying sex. Dani frequently visited us alone for a night or weekend. With the help of the horny twins, Gary got his car ready for the track and did very well. He was the favorite in the drag racing finals and fate worked for him ...and against him at once. He cleared the traps, setting a new track record in his class at 233.033 mph, and won the title. Unfortunately, his left front brake shattered, tore that wheel off and threw the car into the left side wall at full speed. Just as he bounced off the wall, the other driver safely snuck thru the gap. Gary flipped and tumbled many times. They say he might have survived, except that the helmet restraint broke and his head was out of the roll cage. It was crushed and he died instantly. Dani was unconsolable for months, even when staying with us.
Nearly a year has passed and a new Nude Day challenge lies sadly dormant. Little has changed in these seven months and yet lives have changed greatly. Jill and Sharon are frequent visitors and lovers. Dani lives us joyfully now full time.
FIN
===================================
/\_/\( ~ ~ )> * < Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments. Thanks....Seminal image 9/11/10: Sue and I at grill outside, wearing just aprons and sandals; Dani gaping[g ck 7/11/11]=========== 33298 words ==Submitted 7/11 /11
96 hours to 1330 7/11/11 - 1stdraft
102 hours to 1900 7/11/11 - final draft, 106 hrs to final ck and convert to RTF