Emily returned from a morning run, her feet on autopilot as her mind was busy thinking about Tom's fantasy. And her fantasies as well, at this point. There was no denying she'd gotten caught up in it. She still couldn't get Bill out of her head over two weeks since they'd called off the deal for good. She was also still waking up wet and horny after dreams of being powerless under Langdon's advances, him having his way with her body as she was held firmly under him. And then Bill was there, pulling the aggressor off her, only to take his place, showing him how to really please Emily with his superior tool. The superior male, the conqueror. Some nights it was Tom being pulled off her as he ineffectually tried to get into her pants. She'd then look over and laugh at him as he jerked his little dick as he watched Bill split her open with his industrial grade weapon.
Lost in thought, she almost knocked Asha over as she approached the apartment.
"Oh hi!" she said with a big smile as she came to a stop, breathing heavily, always happy to run into the seemingly worldly yet still young and attractive women.
"Hello neighbour! Man, I wish I had your motivation to keep in shape!" Asha replied, looking Emily's physique up and down enviously. "Speaking of, I noticed old Bill hasn't been appreciating it lately. What the hell did you do to get him to shut up and stop cat calling you?"
Emily was glad her face was already red so she didn't show her embarrassment. "Oh, umm, I think Tom went and had a word with him..."
"What's he got, a connection with the mob or something?" Asha said with a laugh. "Oh well, at least you can go for a run in peace now!"
"Haha, yep, it's nice..."
Asha giggled. "I bet you kind of miss it, don't you? A little confidence boost every morning?"
"What? No! I'd never-" Emily spluttered, trying her best to sound indignant.
"Come on, I saw you bring out your hottest workout gear to get his attention! And now that Tom's put an end to the positive feedback you're back in your grandma outfits!" Asha teased.
Emily stood there with her mouth hanging open, feeling like she'd still managed to turn even redder. She was shocked Asha had been so observant! She was lucky Asha hadn't fully worked out what had been going on the last few weeks.
Asha laughed and put her hand on Emily's shoulder. "Aw honey, you really thought I wouldn't notice? But seriously, no hate from me, the worlds a better place when good looking young women like us can show off what they've got for a cheap thrill, even if it's for the benefit of mean old men." She continued on her way, apparently happy to leave Emily standing with her mouth open in her wake. "Anyway, I'll see you around, hopefully in one of those newer running outfits!" she couldn't help but turn around and add with a wink and a final grin before she disappeared around the corner.
Emily slammed her mouth shut, halfway between angry at herself for lack of awareness, and relieved that Asha didn't seem disappointed in her for showing off to Bill. She wondered what she would think if she knew the whole story! Emily headed into her apartment, her mind still reeling from the revelation that she hadn't managed to be as secretive as she'd thought.
The next morning found Emily heading to the gym in her skimpiest workout outfit. She'd told Tom she was wearing it because her other good ones were in the wash, and the one's she had left were too old and daggy. He didn't ask why she was worried about her gym clothes being too old all of a sudden, instead just swallowing nervously and shifting in his seat at the table.
Emily discreetly kept an eye on Bill as she passed by his house. She saw him looking her up and down hungrily, before seemingly remembering what had happened and looking down, a crude remark dying in his throat. On the walk home she'd given her hips an extra swing as she walked by Bill, smirking at giving him an even better show of what he couldn't have.
That night, Emily went out for drinks with some girlfriends she'd made in one of her classes. She was finally catching up on the socialising she'd missed out on while she'd been using all her spare time and head space on Tom's fantasy. She wore a cute dress she'd found at an op shop a year or so ago, and had altered a little to fit her better. It used to be Tom's favourite, as it showed off her curves the best, though it was nothing compared to what Tom had bought for her recently.
Nothing that crazy had happened during the evening, though Emily enjoyed the social time with other girls around her age. She got home a little after eleven, feeling quite tipsy, the last to get dropped off by the shared uber. She was feeling good, the buzz from a successful social outing matching the buzz of the alcohol. She fumbled with the key in the door as she pulled her shoes off. Suddenly the door was pulled open and she almost fell through it. She looked up and saw Tom standing there, lit from behind by the streetlights shining through the window, the room behind otherwise in darkness.
"Oh thanks baby," she said with a laugh at her clumsiness.
"Where have you been?" Tom asked brusquely.
Emily took a moment to catch on to Tom's dour mood. The smile slowly left her face as she tried to figure what on earth he could be upset about. "Umm, I just went out with some girls from uni, I said so just before I left..."
"No you didn't, you just said you were 'going out for some drinks'."
"Well sorry, I thought I'd already mentioned who I was going with. And anyway, why didn't you ask me then who I was going with?" Emily asked, starting to get annoyed at Tom's sudden random outburst.
"Because I wasn't worried earlier, but then I saw Bill leave just after you did. And he was out the whole night, he still hasn't gotten back. So I thought that maybe you and him..." He came to a faltering stop, seeming to suddenly realise what he sounded like, a sheepish look appearing on his face.
Suddenly they heard the sound of an old car as twin beams of light splashed across their kitchen. They looked out the window to see Bill pulling into his driveway. They looked back at each other, and a grin slowly curled Emily's lips. She had thought up the perfect way to get at Tom for his attempt to dash her good mood out of the blue, and her alcohol soaked mind didn't want to consider any consequences.
"Oh, were you worried that I'd snuck off on a secret date because I couldn't keep myself away from our big dicked neighbour? That I was off letting him ply me with drinks so he could seduce me into letting him tear off my clothes and then tear me apart with that huge, girthy cock of his?"
"Uhh, what? No, of course not," Tom said, looking down guiltily. "I was just, ah, worried that he..."
"Worried that I was letting our mean, old neighbour fuck me silly, that his massive dick was making me forget that you even existed?" Emily continued breathily, ignoring Tom's poor attempt at an explanation.
Tom looked back up with wide eyes, finally catching on to what Emily was doing. "Oh"
"It must have been torture for you, sitting here for hours, picturing all the ways that the old creep was conquering my hot little body, getting to experience everything you'd only ever got to dream of." She reached out and grabbed his rapidly hardening dick. She looked up and looked into his wide eyes, a wicked smirk on her face. "Bedroom. Now."
He practically ran to the bedroom, as Emily quickly turned to lock the door before following him. She found him lying back on the bed, his fly already unzipped. His eyes followed her as she strode up to the end of the bed.
"Well, come on, get that puny dick of yours out."
Tom hurriedly followed her orders, not even pausing at the insult to his manhood. Emily crawled up the bed on top of him, her back arched, her eyes locked on him like a predator. "So," she said, sitting back to straddle his thighs, her hands either side of his throbbing cock, "tell me what that filthy mind of yours was imagining your poor, innocent girlfriend was up to."
"I imagined that, umm, that Bill took you to a seedy pub, and showed you off to all the gross old guys there."
"Oh yeah, did you like picturing me in your favourite dress, clutched to the side of Bill as he gorged himself on all the jealous looks from all the guys there?"
Tom moaned his approval.
Emily trailed her hands across his hips to his cock, before lightly running her nails up its length, eliciting another moan from Tom. "What did you imagine happened after that? Did he grope me in front of everyone? Did he get me to twerk and shake my tits for all the guys? Or maybe he made me go and flirt with other men to get them to buy me free drinks?" She saw Tom's eyes widen. "Oh, did I get it right baby?" she asked with a grin, trailing her fingers absentmindedly along his cock again. "But I bet just flirting wouldn't be enough. What else would I have to do just to get some cheap, shitty beer that Bill was too much of a tightwad to pay for himself?"
Emily paused and looked at him expectantly, one eyebrow raised questioningly.
"Oh fuck babe, I imagined them grabbing your tits, and grabbing your ass and trying to kiss you, and trying to put their hands down the top of your dress, and into your panties."
Emily let out a theatrical moan, grinding subtly into Tom's leg. "What panties was I wearing?" she asked lustily, resuming her light, teasing stroking of his now twitching cock.
"The new ones we bought," he said with a moan.
A wicked grin spread over Emily's face. "You mean these ones?" she asked, lifting up her dress to reveal the small, see through underwear. In actual fact she'd decided to wear them mostly for the minimal panty line in the tighter fitting dress, though the thrill of wearing them out after two weeks of sexual frustration did help in the decision. She didn't tell Tom any of that though, instead smirking as he moaned again. They both looked down at his cock pulsing, looking like it was on the verge of erupting.
"So," Emily said, bouncing up and down gently on his legs and giving him an innocent looking smile, "what happened next? Surely all those rough men in a seedy bar aren't going to let me get away with just teasing them, right?" She bit down on her finger as if lost in thought, casually reaching out with her other hand to just lightly brush the underside of the head of his cock back and forward. "I wonder what they did? Do you think they'd try and pin me to the bar, tear all my clothes off as Bill watched?"
Tom groaned and closed his eyes, the muscles in his neck tensing up.
"Of course, I'd fight back. Or at least pretend to, just to make it more fun for them. And so that when they eventually get those big, filthy cocks into me they are extra rough." She leaned in, the fabric of her dress brushing his trembling cock, her lips brushing his ear.. "Because this is secretly what I wanted all along when I started teasing them," she whispered into his ear.
Tom let out a half yelp, half moan, and she felt his cock jumping against her stomach, followed soon after by a wetness soaking through the material. She jumped back up and looked down at the stain on her dress.
"Oh my gosh Tom, you stained my favourite dress! I can't believe you got so excited hearing about your virgin girlfriend getting raped!"
Tom looked up at Emily with worried confusion until he saw the grin slowly forming at the corners of her mouth. He smiled back at her and let his head fall back, his eyelids already dropping in post orgasm weariness.
"Well, almost virgin girlfriend," Emily said pointedly. Tom moaned, his dick giving one last twitch. She rolled off him and pulled her dress over head. She grabbed her pyjamas and took them into the bathroom to get changed, before snuggling up against Tom to fall into a deep sleep.
--
Emily woke up the next morning alone in the bed, feeling a little rough from how much she had drunk the night before. She blearily looked at her phone for the time and saw it was already almost nine, meaning Tom would have left for his early class. She rubbed her eyes and thought back to the previous night. She smiled remembering the fun she'd had with her new friends, glad that she'd managed to find a good social group despite her mind having been distracted by things other than classmates in the first couple of weeks.
Then she thought back to what had happened when she got home. Tom had been so worried, the mind games she'd played on him had obviously planted a seed of distrust in his mind. She couldn't believe that he had really thought that she was sneaking off on a date with Bill, just because they'd left at around the same time! She wasn't sure if she should feel bad about it, seeing as he also seemed to get so turned on by the worry, by the paranoia.
And then she had basically admitted to having enjoyed being raped by Langdon! If you could even call it rape. And Tom seemed to get turned on by that revelation, instantly cumming without any real stimulation. Though, to be fair, she had brought him right to the edge beforehand, she thought to herself with a smile. The smile quickly left her face when her mind turned to worrying about what Tom might be thinking right now. What must he be thinking now that he wasn't horny? Now that he had had time to think about what she had said? Well whatever, she thought to herself, he was the one who started this whole thing!
Not wanting to think about it any further, Emily rolled out of bed, grunting at the unpleasant feeling this caused in her head. She saw the dress crumpled on the floor and groaned. She bent down and grabbed it and quickly chucked it into the washing machine on a soak load, hoping it wouldn't be stained. Then she finally headed into the kitchen and grabbed herself a glass of water. When the water hit her stomach it only brought her attention to how hungry she was. She stood in the middle of the kitchen, hoping that her miserable state would cause some passing deity to apparate her a hearty breakfast. When that plan didn't work, she finally mustered the energy and cooked herself some bacon and eggs, which she wolfed down.
Finally feeling human again, she had a quick shower and got dressed. Deciding that she should just assume Tom was still enjoying the teasing, she wore her shortest pair of regular shorts, some denim ones she'd found at the op shop some time ago but had never worn, and a mildly cropped top. She smirked thinking of the effect even this mild outfit would have on Tom. He would instantly wonder if she was wearing it to impress Bill. He would probably wonder if she'd popped over there for a quickie this morning, Emily thought to herself with a laugh.
As she headed off to the university campus, she couldn't help but notice Bill seated in his usual position on his front verandah. She imagined Tom was watching and put an extra swing in her hips for Bill.
She had the same period off for lunch as Tom, so she met him at a nice bench in an out of the way area of the campus. As she walked up to him his eyes widened slightly as he took in her outfit, as she hadn't worn anything showy in the last few weeks.
"Hey Em, ah, how was your morning?" he asked distractedly as he looked her up and down.
She grinned at him. "Oh not too bad, woke up with a bit of a hangover."
They continued chatting as they ate, Tom seeming a little more distracted than usual. Emily felt a thrill, knowing it was because he was imagining Bill getting to see her as she'd walked past in her outfit that morning.
As she sat through the rest of her classes that afternoon, she thought about teasing Tom again. Should she message Bill and ask him to head out at the same time as her again? Just the idea of messaging Bill again got her pussy excited. Was it because she knew it would undoubtedly escalate again? That soon she would be going over to his house to get a rise out of Tom. And then, she knew deep down, she wouldn't be able to keep herself away from that enormous cock, she would soon be lying naked on Bill's crusty bedsheets, letting him force his girthy tool into her tight pussy.
No, she decided, she couldn't bring Bill back into it when Tom still thought she was mildly traumatised by what Bill had let happen to her. She'd just have to keep teasing Tom on her own, hoping that the opportunity would present itself to make it look like she'd snuck off with Bill again in the future.
Two days later, on Friday morning she was back wearing her skimpy workout outfits on her way to the gym. Bill still didn't say anything as she passed him by on the way to and back from the gym, but she could feel his eyes drilling into her exposed flesh. She felt a warm sensation flood through her body at the feeling, radiating out from where she could imagine his eyes drilling into her exposed ass, her pussy clenching with need. She walked back into the apartment to find Tom just finishing up making breakfast. He looked her up and down, his emotions unreadable. He met her eyes, but she still couldn't tell what he was thinking. Her stomach began churning with anxiety, worried that she'd gone too far.
She looked down and noticed his dick slowly hardening, pushing up the material of his pyjama pants. She looked back up at him and smirked. "Morning baby, thanks for cooking me brekky!" She sauntered over and brushed past him to serve herself a plate of scrambled eggs and chorizo, making sure to rub herself against him several more times as she did.
"So, ah, how was the gym?" he asked, as he tried to appear casual as he leant against the bench.
Emily grinned to herself. "Not too bad, though I definitely feel like I catch more guys staring at me in this outfit though..."
"Oh yeah? Did anyone say anything to you?"
"Nuh."
"Even on the, um, on the way there or back?"
Emily laughed. "No, even Bill seems to be keeping quiet."
"Oh, that's good then!" he said, not quite keeping the disappointment out of his voice. "I thought I should just check, in case you needed me to go have a word with him. After everything that happened," he hurriedly added.
Emily grinned to herself, now sure that she could continue with her teasing. That was it for this morning though, she wanted to let him get worked up a little before she gave him any release. She sat down at the table with her plate, pondering what she should do next.
As it happened, the next opportunity presented itself that afternoon. Not long after Tom got back from uni, Emily saw Bill haul himself into his truck and creakily reverse onto the street, before heading off, a cloud of diesel fumes in his wake. She surreptitiously glanced over to Tom, and saw that he had also noted Bill's departure. She waited a few minutes before retrieving her phone and pretending to be absorbed in a text conversation. A few minutes later she wandered over to Tom.
"Hey babe, is it all good if I borrow the car this arvo? I'm just going to meet up with a friend to do some study."
Tom looked up at her, a slightly wild, suspicious look in his eyes. "Oh, umm, sure honey," he replied with a tinge of worry in his voice.
"Thanks!" she said with a big grin on her face, before quickly pretending to fire off one last text and bouncing out the door.
She started up the car and drove off in the same direction as Bill had headed. However, she pulled over and parked just around the corner. She turned off the car and sat back, her heart racing. She thought about what Tom must be thinking right now. The uncertainty must be driving him wild!
The excitement didn't last long however, and soon she was feeling a little bored, wondering how long Bill was going to be out. She planned to wait for him to get back, then head home herself a few minutes later, to make Tom extra suspicious. Eventually she pulled out her phone and began scrolling through social media.
An hour later she was just starting to think about heading back before Bill, getting a bit sick of waiting. She figured she should make it look like she'd been engaged in rough sex for an hour, so she messed up her hair and smudged her makeup. She looked in the mirror and was pretty happy with the results. Then she thought about how rough Bill usually was with her and decided she should probably make herself look even worse. She looked around to make sure no one was watching before sticking two fingers in her mouth and pushing them to the back of her throat. She rapidly worked them in and out, trying to make herself gag as much as she could. Soon her hand was covered in saliva and it was spilling out of her mouth. She pulled her hand out and smeared it all over her face.
She could feel herself getting wet at her humiliating behaviour. She quickly looked around again before shoving three fingers as far as she could into her mouth and holding them there as her throat spasmed around them until she felt tears in her eyes. She pulled her hand back out and smeared the long strands of saliva across her face, looking at her running mascara in the mirror. She squirmed in the seat thinking about what Tom would think when he saw her.
Just then she heard a car approaching. She ducked down, not wanting to be seen in her current state. After it had passed she looked after it and saw that it was Bill's beat up ute. Emily breathed out, letting her head fall back below the window. She realised she would have to wait a few more minutes now. Tom would definitely think that she was with Bill now that she would arrive back just after Bill as well. She ran her hand down her stomach and onto her pants over her hot, throbbing pussy. She applied some pressure and felt an instant surge of pleasure pass over her already aroused body. Feeling secure below the window of the car she started to rub herself through her shorts. After having her mind full of sexual thoughts all day it took almost no time before she had her hand down her shorts. She rubbed her clit rapidly before fully giving in to the pleasure and shoving two fingers into her pussy, her thumb still working her clit. After only a minute she was frantically fingering herself to an orgasm, her other hand stuffed in her mouth to stifle her moans.
She lay back on the seat, catching her breath. When her heart slowed back down she remembered where she was and quickly looked around, relieved to find no one watching. She wiped the saliva from the hand that had been in her mouth on her face, and then, smelling the scent of her arousal, she also spread the pussy juice from her other hand on her neck, figuring that she should probably try and smell like she'd just been fucking for the last hour or so as well. If only she had some cum as well, she thought to herself, before catching herself. She couldn't help but laugh at how much she'd changed in the past couple of weeks, at how far she was thinking about taking this subterfuge.
Emily wasn't quite sure how long she'd spent masturbating, so she waited another minute before starting the car up and driving the very short distance home. She pulled into their spot, then opened the visor mirror and did a quick job of trying to fix the mess she had made of her appearance. Satisfied she looked like she had at least tried to hide what she had been up to, she was about to get out of the car when a grin crossed her face. She unsnapped the clasp of her bra and quickly pulled it off under her shirt, stuffing it under the seat. Then she climbed out of the car and headed into the apartment, her heart almost beating out of her chest, her nipples rubbing the fabric of her shirt.
She opened the door and walked in to find Tom sitting at his laptop, apparently calmly working away at an assignment. Emily was somewhat put off, her plan seeming to have failed.
"Hey Emily, how was your study session?" he asked, his casual tone sounding just a little too casual, too forced. He looked over at her before quickly turning back to face his screen. Aha! It had worked, he was just playing coy.
"Oh yeah, good, got lots of, uh, study done."
Tom saved what he had been working on, though Emily doubted he'd actually added anything, and stood up. "What do you want for dinner?"
"I don't mind, whatever you feel like cooking. I need to have a quick shower first." She went to walk past him, but he suddenly reached out and stopped her.
"Hey, don't I get a kiss from my girlfriend first?" he asked hurriedly.
"Oh, you sure?" Emily asked lamely, pulling back and pressing her lips together tightly. Underneath her worried looking exterior she was ecstatic, this couldn't have gone better! She wished she could see into Tom's mind and see what he was thinking by her not wanting to kiss him.
"Umm yeah."
"Fine!" Emily leaned forward and tried for a chaste kiss on the lips, but Tom went for a full kiss, pushing his tongue into her mouth. She quickly pulled back, wishing that her mouth actually did taste like cum, or at least mouthwash or something. "Happy?" she asked, before turning and brushing past him to the bedroom. As she did, her hand grazed his crotch and she felt his erection trying to burst through his pants.
--
Tom remained standing in the dining room, his mind racing. He had been completely sure that Emily had just been pretending the other night to tease him. Or at least 99 percent sure, with that one percent doubt having an outsized effect on his arousal over the past few days. Now he wasn't so sure. He was still mostly sure, especially since she hadn't jumped into action until after she'd seen Bill leave. He'd still sat at home imagining what she might be up to if she wasn't just pretending, if she was really sneaking off, although rather blatantly, as if rubbing the affair in Tom's face. But now that she had returned at pretty much the same time as Bill, after a little over an hour away, looking like she'd spent the whole time getting pounded by Bill's big cock, the scenarios he'd been imagining seemed a little more corporeal.
He was glad he'd made the split second decision to reach out and stop her for a kiss as she tried to go straight past him to the bedroom. Watching her squirm in his arms as she tried to get out of kissing him, as if worried that he might notice a strange taste in her mouth. Squirmed quite believably, a bit too believably. If she was pretending she had become quite a good actor quite quickly. Sure, she'd toyed with some of Tom's fantasies in the past few weeks, but during those times she'd been telling the truth, or at least the truth with some embellishments. This was new, she was actually lying to him. Except, really she wasn't lying, because she really had gone out with friends the other night, right?. Though, even tough he was pretty sure she hadn't met up with, Tom was also pretty sure she hadn't been to a study session this afternoon. So that was technically a lie.
Tom's head, heart and stomach were roiling with thoughts, emotions and nerves, all seeming to force the blood out and down to his throbbing cock. He thought back to the kiss. He swore he could taste something when he managed to briefly get his tongue in Emily's mouth. Or maybe he just smelled something? He wasn't sure, but either way, he still had a lingering musky sensation at the back of his throat. He was definitely less sure that Emily wasn't actually cheating on him now than he had been. If he had to put a number on it, he didn't think he could be more than ninety percent sure his girlfriend wasn't cheating on him.
He heard the shower start. He looked down at his erection causing an obvious bulge in his pants, sighed, and walked to the fridge, trying to turn his mind to planning dinner.
--
Tom lay in bed, looking over at Emily texting someone on her phone. He was desperately in need of release, having been thinking of Emily getting pounded by Bill in some clandestine location every time he'd looked at her that night. As they'd eaten the curry he'd cooked up, chatting about their days, ignoring the strange energy bubbling under the surface of their conversation, as they both sat at the table studying, when they snuggled up on the couch to watch a sitcom before bed. Now his cock was almost painfully engorged, his balls feeling on the verge of bursting. He reached out and grabbed Emily's thigh. She just grunted, still engrossed in whoever she was messaging. He started stroking up and down her thigh. She reached down and grabbed his hand and pulled it off her.
"Sorry baby, not tonight, I'm super tired." She fired off one last text, a grin curling the corner of her mouth as she bit her lip. Then she turned her phone off and rolled over to go to sleep. Tom lay awake for over an hour longer, his mind swirling. Finally he drifted off to sleep, but even that didn't end his torment as his dreams were filled with visions of Emily submitting her body to Bill's whims.
He awoke the next morning with wisps of a sordid dream still lingering in his brain. His cock was rock hard, and throbbing painfully. He groaned and rolled out of bed, trying to think of something else, even the feeling of his pyjama rubbing across his sensitive cock making him wince. Emily wasn't anywhere to be seen, so Tom assumed she must be off for a morning workout.
He wondered what she was wearing. Probably one of her new sets, like yesterday, showing off her fit teen body to everyone who passed. He imagined Bill feasting his eyes on her as she strutted past, wishing he could get his hands on her again. Except maybe he wasn't wishing that, maybe Emily had gone behind Tom's back and resumed their previous dalliances, and he was just looking forward to their next meeting. Oh fuck, maybe Emily was over there right now, and she would be back later, all sweaty and smelly, pretending she'd just been to the gym.
Tom suddenly realised he'd begun stroking his cock, and snatched his hand back. He was already close to cumming and was tempted to finish the job, but he held himself back, wanting to wait for Emily to make him cum as she teased him, and then revealing that she'd been pretending this whole time.
Wanting to keep his hands busy, he started making some pancakes for breakfast. He was done before Emily got home, so he chucked the stack of pancakes in the oven and sat down as he waited. He scrolled through social media on his phone, but he barely paid it any attention, too busy thinking about what Emily might be up to.
He finally heard her key in the door fifteen minutes later. Tom watched intently, eager to see what she was wearing, as well as the rest of her appearance. Would she show up in a similar state to yesterday? He gulped when she finally saw what she was wearing. On the bottom, she was wearing one of her extra brief pairs of workout shorts, seemingly pulled up extra snug, showing off the exact shape of her pussy. On top however, she was just wearing a cut off tank top, nothing underneath. It didn't reveal much cleavage, but it only just reached the bottom of her boobs. She was covered in a layer of sweat, which caused the thin top to stick in places to her breasts, clearly outlining their shape. Tom's mouth dropped open.
"What baby?" Emily asked, looking at him quizzically.
"Did you really wear that to the gym?"
"Oh no!" Emily replied with a laugh, looking down at the revealing top. "I got some stuff spilt on my other top, and luckily I had this in my gym bag."
"What stuff?" Tom asked, feeling light headed.
"Hmm?"
"What got spilt on you?"
"Oh, just some protein stuff, you know."
Tom swore he could see a glint in Emily's eye, as if she was challenging him to call her out. He couldn't bring himself to do it though, he wanted to keep this game going. He craved the feeling of not knowing, loved the way it twisted him up inside, while also making him unbelievably aroused. He also couldn't deny hoping in the depth of his heart that if she was just faking this whole thing, that she would take this as permission to take the next step, to actually meet up with Bill behind his back. He looked down, unable to hold her stare. "Oh yeah, I guess that makes sense, seeing as you were at the gym. I, um, made some pancakes, they're just in the oven keeping warm."
"Oh thanks, you're just the best boyfriend ever!" she said with a big grin. Tom felt like she was also thanking him for not pushing her, for not asking any questions.
Emily walked to the oven and bent down to grab the pancakes out. Tom watched as her breasts came into view, hanging freely, the shirt falling away from her chest. He could even see her perky nipples. She stood back up and put the pancakes on the table. Tom quickly jumped up to grab plates and cutlery.
After breakfast, Emily borrowed the car to go op shopping. Tom sat at home, trying to get some uni work done, on edge, unable to stop wondering if Emily was actually out meeting up with Bill, or really, meeting up with Bill for the second time in the day! He was a little surprised when she returned in the clothes she'd left in, and not looking extremely dishevelled. Tom was secretly a little disappointed, although at the same time relieved, not sure his heart could take two apparent affairs in one day.
Emily was carrying a couple of bags of second hand clothes. She pulled out her sewing machine and other equipment, and quickly got to work cutting up and modifying the clothes. Tom's disappointment slowly turned to intrigue as the day wore on, and he kept half an eye on Emily working as he got his own work done. The items of clothing seemed to be losing a lot of material. Every now and then Emily would get up and go into the bathroom to try something on in front of the mirror.
When she finally started packing up the machine that night, Tom wandered over to see a sizable pile of clothes, every single one of them more risque than anything she would have worn just a few weeks ago. There were cut off jeans, lycra short shorts, tiny skirts, several crop tops and tube tops, some tight dresses, and a rehemmed sundress.
"Oh wow, updating your wardrobe a bit?"
"Haha, yep! Someone said that I should get even more fashionable clothes after they saw what I've been wearing lately," Emily replied with a sunny smile.
"Oh yeah, who told you that?"
"Oh, just a neighbour. Anyway, do you want to see me try some of them on?" Emily said, quickly holding one of the little tops to her body and giving Tom a sultry look.
"Uhuh."
"Ok, well you just sit down on the bed, and I'll go and get changed and be back out in a sec."
Tom let Emily pull him into the bedroom, where she then disappeared into the bathroom. He sat down on the bed, wondering if he should have pushed Emily more to tell him who had suggested she update her wardrobe. He wasn't even sure what answer he wanted, if he wanted confirmation she was back to talking, and probably much more, with Bill, or to find out she really was faking this whole thing.
He was snapped out of his thoughts when Emily opened the bathroom door and stepped out in a short skirt and crop top. The skirt was a ruffled design, which she'd tidily taken several inches off to reveal all her shapely thighs. The top was a tight t-shirt, which looked like it had originally been a childs size. It was fully conformed to the shape of Emily's breasts, a hint of pink even showing through the blue material.
Emily did a quick spin, causing the skirt to flare out, revealing her lack of underwear. Tom gasped as he caught a glimpse of pussy, revealed to only just be covered by the bottom of the skirt when Emily was standing still.
"So, what do you think? Do you think our neighbour will like it?"
"Oh my god babe, you look so freaking hot! But, umm," Tom said, pausing, "umm, which neighbour exactly?"
"Hmm? Why does it matter which neighbour? Oh my god! You think it was Bill? You think I'm following Bill's suggestions to wear this slutty little outfit? You probably wish it is Bill, don't you?"
Tom could only gulp in the face of Emily's accusations.
"Look! Your little dick's gotten hard just thinking about it! You'd think seeing your girlfriend all dressed up in sexy clothes would get you hard, but no, really you got hard picturing your teen girlfriend sneaking off with a gross old man."
"What, no! Umm, I mean-"
"Look, you won't even deny it properly!" She lifted her leg and used her bare foot to feel his painfully engorged cock. Tom moaned, having to concentrate to hold back from cumming instantly after being on edge for so long. "I don't think I've ever felt you this hard! You'd probably love it if I wore this over to Bill's house right now, wouldn't you? Ask him for a cup of sugar? Or to open up a jar my wimpy boyfriend can't? Or maybe I should just straight up ask him to fuck me with that big dick like my boyfriend can't?"
Tom clenched his eyes shut as Emily increased the pressure of her foot, her toes stimulating the painfully sensitive head of his cock.
"I bet you secretly liked watching me get raped, didn't you? I bet that gave you a massive hard on, didn't it? Is that why it took you so long to come save me? Because you had to wait for your boner to go down after watching your sweet, innocent girlfriend get what she deserved after teasing a man who actually takes what he wants?"
With that she flexed her toes and Tom closed his eyes and shuddered, not able to hold on any longer. The front of Tom's pants darkened as his cum leaked between Emily's toes.
"Ughh, yuck! Pathetic!" Emily said with apparent disdain, yet even Tom noticed a hint of a grin sneak onto her face, as if she'd finally gotten something she'd been waiting for some time to get. She wiped her foot off on his pants, then walked into the bathroom to get changed.
Not quite sure what to do, Tom got up and changed his pants, and then headed into the kitchen to put together a late dinner.
--
Emily was surprised how excited she was when Tom finally confirmed he was still fantasising about her and Bill. She had decided that she wasn't going to push the game any further until she'd extracted some come of validation from Tom, and having had the anticipation building all the while she was pretending to be cheating on Tom had gotten her very invested in the result.
In the end, she was happy that she'd run into Asha on her way back in from the gym that morning. She'd at first been mortified at being caught in the slutty top, but Asha's supportiveness and big-sister energy had soon gotten all the details out of an embarrassed Emily, as she explained her current game, as well as the whole saga that had led up to that point. Even knowing Asha's love of Emily's previous risque behaviour, Emily was surprised by how supportive she was.
"So basically, now you're trying to get him to admit to still fantasising about you cheating on him with Bill, so that you don't feel guilty about actually doing something with Bill?"
"Uhuh, that's about it."
Asha grinned. "Well, let me know if you want any help! In fact, you can tell Tom that 'a neighbour' told you that they liked your slutty outfit and that you should definitely buy more," she said with a wink.
Emily had smiled back, a plan already forming in her mind for what she could try that afternoon.
--
Two days later, two days of growing anticipation, she messaged Asha to confirm the plan. When she texted back her confirmation, Emily put the phone down and grinned, her heart feeling like it was about to flutter away. She had trouble acting normal when Tom got back from uni.
"Hey, I'm heading out with Asha tonight, just so you know."
"Oh, ok," Tom replied, a little surprised at the late notice, his mind already kicking into gear, imagining how Emily might look on her return. "Are you heading out after dinner?"
"No, before, so you'll have to sort something out just for yourself, sorry."
Emily walked into the bedroom, and Tom returned to working on his laptop. He struggled to stay focused, especially with Emily walking in and out of the bathroom, trying on different racy outfits.
She finally emerged, sultry makeup applied, hair cascading in perfect waves down her back, her body shown off in a short, tight dress. The dress was a sensual red, and made of a smooth, stretchy material. Tom couldn't see any signs of Emily having modified it, but he assumed she must have very tidily shortened it, as it now only just covered the area from her nipples down to her thighs. He sucked in a breath of air through his teeth as he took in the sight. He couldn't help but notice her perky tits were unburdened by a bra, her nipples poking through the thin material of the dress. He also noted the lack of any panty lines, and wondered how she would manage to avoid flashing everyone when she sat down.
She bounced over to Tom, gave him a quick kiss on the cheek, before heading for the door, already having to pull the bottom of the dress down as it rode up her athletic thighs.
"See you later honey!"
"Oh, ah, bye, have fun with Asha..." Tom trailed off, the door already closed behind his girlfriend, the image of her barely covered butt remaining in his mind.
Tom decided that he might as well keep himself busy while Emily was out. He decided that he'd just have a frozen meal for dinner, and spend his time getting his assignment done. However, after half an hour of getting nothing done as he sat at the dining room table, he got up and wandered into the kitchen. He perused the fridge and pantry and eventually decided to cook himself a carbonara, figuring it was easier to keep himself busy with food instead of uni work.
An hour later he was sitting in front of the tv watching a drama series that he knew Emily wasn't too keen to watch with him, his empty bowel, scraped completely clean of his rather tasty carbonara sauce, lying next to him. Just then he was distracted by his phone buzzing. He checked it to see a text from an unknown number.
"Hey Tom, it's Asha, Emily gave me ur number awhile ago in case I ever needed it. She asked me to cover for her today while she did something she didn't want you to know about. I agreed so I could follow her and see what she was doing and then tell you. I took some pictures, do you want me to send them through?"
Tom felt like the world had ground to a halt. It was true. Emily really was cheating on him. Right? Asha actually hadn't said what she'd seen Emily doing, but it had to be that, right? Tom figured there was only one way to find out.
Tom: Yes.
He waited, staring at the phone clutched in his hand. His heart hammered, sweat forming on his brow, and, undeniably, his cock rock hard. His phone dinged, and Tom felt like he was about to pass out. He had to clamp his eyes shut suddenly as he was overtaken with a feeling of vertigo. When he opened his eyes again he saw an image had arrived from Asha. It showed Bill's truck in an empty gravel car park. Walking up to the driver's side door was Emily, looking like a celebrity caught by paparazzi with her stunning body shown off by the brief dress. Tom's stomach tightened, and he felt like he was on the verge of both puking and cumming.
Just then the next image arrived. It showed Emily leaning into the window, Bill's hand grasping her side, his thumb digging into her just below her breast. Despite not leaning over too far, her dress had already begun to rise up her backside, exposing the bottom of her cheeks.The next picture came in, showing her bending over further, her dress now three quarters of the way up her toned buns, Bills hand now squarely on her breast, and her face pressed up against his in what Tom could only assume was a passionate kiss.
Asha sent through several more pictures of Emily making out with Bill as he felt up her tits, the images showing the progression of Emily's dress slowly rising up her ass. Tom couldn't help himself and pulled his cock out of his pants and jacked off at the sight of her pussy coming into view as she bent through the window of the old bully's truck, not caring who might be watching.
The next lot of images showed Emily standing back up, and then walking around to the passenger door. Tom's eyes bulged when he saw that, alongside her ass still being almost entirely exposed, her entire left boob was out of her top, dislodged by Bill's groping. The last image showed Emily sitting in the passenger seat as Bill drove off, a pleased smile on her face as Bill grabbed her breasts with one hand, his other on the steering wheel.
Tom wondered where they were headed, and what Bill was planning to do to Emily when they got there. Would it only be Bill there, or was he inviting his friends? Oh fuck, was he taking her around to a friends house for another poker game? Would Langdon be there? Suddenly Tom felt himself cumming as he pictured Emily intentionally getting Langdon worked up, wanting to repeat the events of their last encounter.
He sat back, and closed his eyes, ashamed of what he'd just cum to. He shouldn't be reacting like this to his girlfriend cheating on him. Although, she wasn't really cheating on him, this was still all part of the game. Right? He realised he wasn't completely sure, and also realised that the uncertainty made him even more turned on.
His mind a bit clearer now, he suddenly realised that their neighbour now knew about Emily's cheating. Surely Emily wouldn't get her involved? So it must be real! Tom felt his heart pounding, and his erection rapidly returning. He realised he had to do something, he couldn't let his attractive neighbour think he was ok with Emily cheating on him. His thoughts were suddenly distracted by his phone dinging again.
Asha: That's all I could get. I think it's best if we get some more before you do anything, right? Just to make sure you have enough evidence. I can pretend to help Emily again and try and get some more if you want?
Tom breathed a sigh of relief. He had at least a while more before he had to do anything drastic. His mind instantly began wondering what pictures he might get next time.
Tom: Yeah, I think you're right. Let me know when she asks you next
Asha: Will do :)
Tom sat for some time longer, his cock hard again, mind churning over what Emily's next outing might bring, as well as what the hell she was up to right then. He was tempted to jerk off again, but decided to wait for Emily to get home and hope she wanted to help him out.
He sat around, unable to distract himself with anything else for over three hours until he finally heard the door open. His anxious arousal had been slowly building the entire time, and he could feel his swollen balls throbbing, his stomach basically doing constant frontflips, and his heart pounding in his ears. He jumped up to see Emily trying to sneak through the door.
"Oh hi honey, you're still up!" Her hair was wet, as if she'd recently had a shower. Her makeup was nearly all washed off, except for some smudged lipstick and a tiny bit of mascara that had run down from the corner of one eye which she appeared to have missed.
"Yeah, just thought I'd wait up haha. How come you're back so late? And did you have a shower?"
"Ah yeah, Asha is so crazy! She decided we should go clubbing, but then I was so sweaty from dancing, so I had a quick shower at Asha's so I wouldn't wake you up."
Tom caught himself wondering if she was actually telling the truth, until he remembered the photos still stored on his phone right then. His dick twitched at Emily's blatant lying, knowing what she'd been up to that night. Or at least what she'd been up to right at the start of the night, and which domineering neighbour's car she'd headed off in.
Emily's eye was apparently caught by the involuntary movement, as her eyes darted down to the tent in his pants. "Oh, is this why you waited up for me? Hoping for a little relief?" she said with a coy smile.
"No, I was just looking out for you..."
"Oh really? So you don't want me to help out your little guy?"
"Oh no! I do!"
"Well ok then, how about you go and sit down on the bed?"
Tom obediently made his way to the bedroom and sat on the edge of the bed. Emily followed him in and motioned for him to shuffle backwards. He did so and she placed a knee on one side of his legs, before bringing her other leg up so she was straddling his legs. Tom watched between her legs as she sat back down, acutely aware of her lack of panties. He wondered what her pussy would look like, if it would show the signs of a vigorous fucking. However, before he could see anything she grabbed the bottom of her dress at the front, holding it down so that Tom couldn't see between her legs. He looked up and saw her smiling at him.
Emily rubbed and down his thigh. "Well come on baby, pull that cock of yours out and get started, it's getting late."
Tom quickly undid his fly, pulled out his engorged cock and began stroking. He stared between Emily's thighs, imagining what he was being denied a sight of, the thought that he knew Bill had been giving unobstructed access to it for the last several hours making him even hornier. He pictured how it would look, if the signs of Bill's abuse would be obvious. He looked back up to see Emily smirking at him like she knew exactly what was running through his head.
"What are you looking at baby? Are you wondering if I'm wearing panties?"
Tom nodded.
"Do you really think that I would go out in a dress this short without panties on? A dress this tight that rides up all the time? I'd basically be walking around flashing my pussy and ass to everyone! You'd probably like that, wouldn't you? You'd love it if I was just walking around basically advertising to any old pervert that I was an easy target, that they could just take me right there on the street."
Tom moaned, increasing the pace of his stroking, encouraged by Emily grabbing his thigh harder.
"Maybe I should start going commando around here, I reckon there's a neighbour you'd like to take me out in the open, where everyone can see him claiming ownership of my body."
Tom looked at Emily and swore he could see the desire in her eyes, as if that's exactly what she wanted to happen. He squeezed his cock harder as he rapidly moved his hand up and down, matching the force of Emily's fingers digging into his thigh. He came, cum spurting out and landing in his lap between Emily's thighs, coming just short of hitting the hand still holding the dress down between her legs.
Emily giggled. "Almost got me there, big shot." She gave him one last mischievous smile and rolled off his lap, giving him a glimpse of her ass before she disappeared into the bathroom. She seemed to be as turned on by the game as Tom, as the inside of her thighs were shiny with moisture. Tom was left sitting on the bed with cum drying on his pants.
--
Emily was surprised that Tom had cum so quickly without getting to see any more of her body, and without her even touching him. It was lucky he had though, as Bill's cum had started dripping out of her pussy. She couldn't believe it was still coming out after she'd spent almost half an hour trying to clean herself up in the shower at Bill's house.
She hadn't meant to let Bill cum inside her, hadn't even meant to let him get his cock into her pussy, but when he said that was the price of going along with her plan she'd given in pretty easily. She'd told him only on the condition that he didn't cum inside her, that seemed to be taking it a step too far, even if she was on birth control. She'd reminded him again when he'd pulled the truck up off the side of the old track up to the lookout. He'd grunted his affirmation and then bent her over the back of the tray and jammed his cock straight into her. Emily had let out a loud, satisfied moan as she felt him bottoming out in her pussy.
She realised how much she'd missed the feeling of his cock stretching her out. After so long without it, her pussy squeezing contentedly around his thick shaft.
Bill kept working in and out of her, slowly speeding up, seemingly trying to jam as much of his cock up against the back of Emily's pussy with every thrust. Soon Emily was screaming and moaning uncontrollably as she came, her pussy clenching around his cock, further increasing the exhilarating pressure of his massive appendage in her tiny pussy.
After ten minutes or so, and several orgasms from Emily, Bill pulled most the way out, just keeping the head of his cock in, and turned Emily over onto her back. He savagely thrust back into her, watching her eyes roll back in her head briefly as she shook in a mini orgasm. When she'd stopped quivering she looked down and watched in amazement at the size of the tool working in and out of her tight cunt, and at the several inches still not inside her. Her lips were being dragged in and out with each thrust, stretched tight around the girthy shaft.
Bill leaned in and she hungrily took his tongue into her mouth, basically drinking down the saliva she had come to miss. Bill slid her further into the back of the ute and clambered in on top of her, his cock still never leaving her. He started kissing her again and slowly lowered his weight onto her. Emily moaned around Bill's tongue as she felt herself become pinned under his immense frame, unable to move as he thrust with all his weight into her pussy. She wrapped her legs around as much of his waist as she could and squeezed him as she came yet again.
After grinding his hips down into Emily through several of her orgasms, Bill rolled over, breathing heavily from his effort. Emily took a moment to gather her senses as she sat astride his body, his massive cock still buried half way inside her abused cunt. After catching her breath, she slowly started to move up and down on top of him, enjoying the stretching feeling as she felt his cock part her depths of her pussy with every downward thrust. Soon she couldn't help but increase the intensity, dropping herself down harder and harder, loving the feeling of his steel-like rod battering her aching pussy.
At the bottom of every stroke she started grinding down harder onto his cock, rotating and rolling her hips, trying to force more inside her, intoxicated by the heady mix of pleasure and pain. Bill reached up and grabbed her nipple. He began pulling her down at the bottom of each thrust, encouraging her lustful actions. He was grunting and moaning as well now, obviously enjoying the way her movements worked his cock. She could tell he was about to cum, that thought setting off her own orgasm as she imagined him cumming inside her pussy, the pussy her loving boyfriend hadn't even gotten to touch yet. Her orgasm caused her legs to give out, and she dropped down onto Bill's cock, her legs no longer able to hold her up. This just drove her to new orgasmic heights as his cock slammed into the depths of her pussy. She was now quivering and shaking on top of him, her pussy clenching around his cock.
"Oh yes, you're about to make me cum, bitch! Better bet off me or I'm going to shoot it up that tight cunt of yours!"
Emily heard his words through the haze of her pleasure, and as they slowly registered in her endorphin soaked brain, she tried to push herself off him. Even in her current state she wanted to keep that one last part for Tom, but her orgasm was too strong, her legs too weak.
"Oh well, if. You. In-. Sist!" Bill said through gritted teeth, ramming up into her with each syllable, before yelling as he let loose deep inside her.
Emily could feel his cum powerfully spurting out deep inside her, feeling like it was stretching her out just a little more, having nowhere to go with Bill's fat cock already taking up every millimetre of space in her pussy. He kept cumming, each spurt sending another wave of pleasure out from her spasming pussy. By the last few spurts, she could feel it being forced out of her pussy, dripping down the several inches of his cock still outside her pussy.
She rolled off him and collapsed onto the bed of the truck. Her pussy was still gaping open, white cum coating the walls. As it slowly closed up, a dribble of cum was forced out, dripping down her ass crack. She lay there for several minutes, her brain fully flooded with dopamine. Eventually Bill caught his breath and shuffled over. He dropped his now soft cock onto her face with a wet slap. Even unerect, it still covered the entire width of her face.
"Seeing as you couldn't get off me in time and made me get cum all over my cock, I think you should be the one to clean me up."
Emily ignored the fact that Bill had been asking to cum inside her the whole time, and began obediently lapping their combined juices off his cock. Soon he was getting hard again, and Emily found herself taking his cock into her mouth, forcing it deep into her throat.
"That's a good little slut, you just love having my cock in your throat, don't you?"
Emily could only moan her agreement, thinking about how humiliating her actions were only turning her on more. She forced herself further and further onto his cock, the sounds of gagging and moaning filling the air. After letting her do all the work for a while, Bill grabbed her head and began thrusting hard into her face. Every now and then he'd hold himself as deep in her throat as he could get, until he felt her throat spasming around his cock, her lungs desperate for air. He'd pull out, praising her effort as thick lines of spit connected his cock to her gasping mouth, more spilling down her chin.
After getting praised, despite all the degrading words he used to describe her, for letting Bill ruin her face and throat, Emily felt her mind give in and want to accept anything he said. She felt that him starving her of oxygen had probably helped, but she felt a thrill go through her anyway. He turned her around and put her on all fours, ass presented. He rammed his cock straight in, and got straight to pounding into her with all his force. Emily quickly began shoving herself back to meet his forceful thrusts, craving more of the intoxicating, electrifying pain as he bottomed out with each stroke. When he shoved a finger into her ass as he grasped her to pull her back harder she didn't even protest, just moaning louder as Bill took one more part of her before Tom.
Bill used his other hand to spank her ass, quickly turning it red, and quickly bringing Emily to another orgasm. After Emily's masterful blowjob, Bill was ready to cum again. He let Emily know, but she just kept meeting every thrust, groaning in pleasure.
"Did you hear me, cunt? I'm about to cum in your tight little pussy."
Emily was remembering how good it had felt last time Bill's enormous cock had pumped her full and her body didn't want her to stop. Stopping when she hadn't known how good it would feel was hard enough, but now she'd tasted the depraved pleasure, she couldn't deny her body anymore.
"Do it! Just fucking do it! Cum in my slutty little pussy!"
Even Bill was a little surprised at the outburst, expecting at least some token resistance. He thought about pulling out and making her beg, getting her to promise him something in return, but he was too close to the edge. He pushed himself as hard as he could into her and let loose, Emily screaming and convulsing under him. 'Oh well,' he thought to himself, 'I bet I'll be able to get her to beg next time.'
--
Tom spent the rest of the week hoping that Asha would text him, or that Emily would say she was heading out. He knew it was unlikely that Emily would go again the next night, but he still couldn't get it out of his mind the whole day. When he finally got a text from Asha as he was sitting in a lecture on Friday, after four days of waiting, he barely held back a shout of joy.
Asha: Emily wants to meet him again today, says she will tell you we're going out again to cover
Tom's belly was a knot of excitement and nerves throughout the rest of the day. He walked home as fast as he could, containing himself from breaking out into a jog. He took several deep breaths upon reaching the apartment, and then went inside, trying to appear normal.
"Hey honey, you're back early," Emily said, looking up at Tom before turning back to her computer with what Tom swore was a hint of a smirk. He stood around awkwardly for a moment, wondering if Emily was going to tell him about her evening plans, before continuing on into the bedroom to put his bag down.
He potted around the apartment for almost another hour, trying not to get hard while constantly catching himself glancing at Emily expectantly, before she finally said anything.
"Oh, by the way, I'm heading out with Asha again tonight."
"Oh, ok, no worries," Tom managed to croak out. Damn! How could Emily act so natural?
For the next hour, Emily was busy messaging someone on her phone. Tom tried to observe her surreptitiously, watching her smiling and occasionally biting her lip as she read and responded. She disappeared into the bathroom with her phone three times and Tom couldn't help but imagine she was sending Bill some enticing pictures.
Emily finally started getting ready at 6:30, grabbing an outfit out of the closet and getting in the shower. She didn't reappear for another hour, her makeup perfectly applied, her hair looking straight out of a shampoo commercial, and her body shown off in an incredibly sexy outfit. She was wearing a white tube dress that just covered her pussy, while still exposing the top of her hips, showing where her abs narrowed down to her pubic mound. It was less than a hand span in width. Her top was also elasticated and very narrow, showing a mouth-watering amount of cleavage. It was a floral pattern, with small, off-shoulder sleeves. Overall, the outfit just managed to be stylish, straddling the line between classy and trashy.
Emily paused and let Tom drink her in, not saying anything.
"Wow, that's, uh, that's quite the outfit for a girls night out," Tom said, chuckling nervously.
"Haha, yeah, well Asha always looks so stylish, I thought I'd better lift my game!" she replied easily. She stood there for a few moments more, casually shifting on the spot, rocking from one foot to the other, letting Tom stare at the outfit, or, more accurately, the vast expanses of skin left uncovered by it. Her skin tingled, knowing he was imagining Bill getting his pudgy hands all over her. Her skin flushed as she imagined the same, feeling like a wave of arousal had just smashed into her body. "Well, I'd best be off," she said, striding for the door as she felt her nipples beginning to harden, becoming even more evident through the clinging material of her top.
"Oh yep, have a good time!" Tom said to Emily's back as she departed. A moment later he heard her knock at Asha's door, before he heard them chatting and laughing as they headed for Asha's car. Knowing he had a small window with nothing happening, and with his stomach already rumbling, he made himself a nice big sandwich for dinner. He ate in front of the TV, not able to pay attention as he kept his eyes glued firmly to his phone sitting on the arm of the chair.
He did not have to wait long, the phone dinging after only a few minutes. He quickly put the remainder of the sandwich back on the plate and set it aside, hastily wiped his hands on his pants and grabbed his phone.
Asha: Just dropped her to Bill
The message was quickly followed by a series of about twenty photos, showing Emily approaching the window of Bill's beat up ute, being greeted by him sliding his hand up her short skirt as she was forced to grab the truck for support. He then grabbed her top and used it to pull her down, exposing her breasts to the world as he did so, before making out with her, their tongues visible even from where Asha was taking the photos. Her bent position also exposed her pussy to whoever happened to drive by.
The last few photos showed her walk around to the passenger side and hop in.
Asha: Going to try to follow
Tom sat there impatiently for several minutes with no further messages from Asha. Feeling a little silly he eventually grabbed his sandwich and finished it off. Still not seeing a new message when he finished he dashed into the kitchen to drop his plate into the sink and wash his hands. He then ran back to the loungeroom to see his phone lighting up with a notification. He snatched it up and unlocked it with shaking hands to see another photo from Asha.
The photo appeared to have been taken from across the road from a dive bar, and showed Bill's car parked out front. Bill and Emily were climbing out, Bill dressed in a dirty, old shirt and jeans, Emily's outfit now fixed up to at least cover the small amount of her it was supposed to. Tom felt the blood drain from his face. There's no way Emily would go out in public with Bill, right? What if they ran into someone they knew? Tom googled the name of the bar, and saw that it was only a fifteen minute drive away. It didn't look like a place anyone he knew would go, but he still couldn't help but picture Emily running into someone they both knew and chatting to them as Bill felt her up. She'd be moaning and panting the whole time as she tried to keep the conversation going. Eventually Bill would probably just grab her head and pull her in for a sloppy kiss, right in front of the shocked face of her friend.
Despite the intense feeling of embarrassment he would feel if their friends did find out, Tom's cock was also incredibly hard at the thought. The shame of having his girlfriend publicly stolen by a fat old man with a way bigger cock than him only seemed to turn him on even more.
The ding of another photo roused him from his shameful daydreams. This one showed them walking towards the entrance, side by side, Bill's hand grabbing Emily's butt. Tom rubbed his cock through his pants at the sight of Bill lewdly claiming ownership of his incredibly attractive teenage girlfriend in public. They could not have looked like a stranger couple, his massive frame and old clothes, next to her athletic figure clad in her risque outfit.
The next photo showed that instead of heading straight into the bar, the mismatched couple stopped and embraced in a passionate kiss, Emily's back pushed against the wall a metre away from the door. Tom distractedly undid his fly as he stared at his phone, trying to take in every detail of the image. He looked at Emily's eyes closed in lust, Bill's hand disappearing down between Emily's legs, his other holding one of her hands against the wall above her head. When his eyes finally roamed over the rest of the photo Tom immediately saw the two scruffy looking men walking towards the door from the other side, only a few metres from where his girlfriend was getting groped and kissed by Bill. He groaned and his cock lurched as he imagined what it must look like to them. There was no way they didn't think that Emily was some hooker that Bill had splurged on for the night.
Another photo arrived. It showed Bill and Emily still in the same position against the wall. Emily's head was leant further back, her lips still locked with Bill's. Her free hand was now placed on the forearm of the hand between her legs, as if trying to hold him back. However, she must not have been trying too hard, as her legs were now spread much wider. This had caused her skirt to rise up the short distance necessary to expose her pussy, showing that she had four of Bill's fat fingers jammed up her leaking pussy.
The two men had stopped dead in their tracks and were eagerly watching the defilement of Tom's girlfriend, mouths agape at the spectacle.
Tom couldn't help himself and began jacking off as he stared at the photo of Emily acting way more sexual than she ever had with him, with a deplorable, ugly man more than three times her age, in public with an audience. His phone buzzed several more times before he finally scrolled down.
The next image showed Bill pulling back, looking down and grinned at Emily's state, her eyes wide and looking up at him almost pleadingly, her skirt up around her hips, her pussy gaping open and thighs shiny with moisture.
She appeared to realise the two men, as the following photo showed her blushing and desperately pulling her skirt down, overshooting slightly and showing the top of her slit. Bill was grinning at the men, gleeful at having the incredibly sexy arm candy. One final photo showed Emily being dragged by Bill into the bar as she was still trying to get her skirt adjusted, the two men still watching on with mouths agape.
Asha: Sorry, that's all I can get, I can't head in without being spotted. Still haven't seen them actually having sex, so we should probably keep waiting until I can get photos of that before you make a move, right?
Tom: Yeah, I think you're right, no point jumping the gun
Asha: Ok, well I'll let you know next time she messages me! :)
--
Emily was so aroused she could barely make her legs move to walk her into the seedy bar, feeling like they'd been replaced by quivering jelly. Bill was basically hauling her along behind him as she tried to pull her clothes back in place as best she could while keeping her legs underneath herself. The fear of being seen by someone she knew was only fueling the fire of her arousal. She could still feel the eyes of the two older guys staring at her mostly uncovered body. Imagining what they must think her relationship to Bill was only made her pussy leak more. She wasn't sure if it was more humiliating (and thus hotter, she had to admit to herself) if they thought she was his willing companion, or some cheap whore he'd paid well enough to appear in public with him.
With all those thoughts running through her thoughts it took her a second for her brain to process what it was seeing when she was pulled through the door. When it did, all those other thoughts were suddenly forced from her brain, replaced by the sudden realisation of how many pairs of eyes were now on her, just how goddamn public this was going to be. There were about forty or so people in the bar, filling it close to capacity. They were nearly all men, and nearly all of them turned to stare as she stumbled through the door in Bill's wake. They all looked like similar types of people to Bill, or the men outside. Blue collar or unemployed, with maybe a couple of white collar workers mixed amongst them. Emily noticed that of the few women, at least half of them looked like they were currently at work, their sagging flesh stuffed into slightly ridiculous looking outfits, doing their best to look interested in the men they were with for whatever meagre rate they were getting in their twilight years of their careers.
Bill headed straight for the bar where there were two stools free. He hefted himself onto one as Emily carefully pulled herself up onto the other, trying not to flash the whole bar. Bill got the attention of the bartender, not having to try too hard with him staring at them, alongside nearly everyone else in the bar, while Emily finally got her skirt fixed.
Bill ordered them each a beer. Normally Emily wasn't much of a fan of beer, but she gratefully took the cold glass when it arrived, happy to have something to distract her from everyone still fixated on her, and hopeful that the alcohol would help settle her nerves. After downing several large gulps she looked over at Bill to find him looking around the bar, trying to appear unfazed. She could see the sparkle in his eyes though, like a kid showing up at school with a brand new toy after Christmas.
Emily took a deep breath then also let her eyes roam over the bar. While most people had tried to return to their conversations, she could still see them constantly trying to glance in her direction. Bill reached over and possessively grabbed her high up on her exposed thigh. Emily's heart fluttered as he dug his fingers into her perfect, tanned skin. Bill leaned his face over to her and whispered into her ear.
"Just think about what they must all be thinking, imagining how I'm going to destroy your pussy when I take you home tonight. They must all be wondering what type of messed up teenage slut would go out with a guy like me." He let out a barking laugh before taking a swig of his beer, looking at her smugly. She felt her pussy clenching in need, felt the moisture between her thighs, dripping own to where her bare ass cheeks contacted the stool.
They sat like that for another fifteen minutes, each getting another beer. Bill leant his ugly face across to raspingly whisper degrading comments into her ear three more times, sending a shiver down her spine every time.
"I can't wait to get home so i can try and fit even more of my cock into your tight little cunt, stretch you out even more so that if you ever do let your boyfriend fuck you he won't even be able to feel anything," whispered, his pudgy lips brushing her ear. She realised she had opened her mouth and actually let out a moan at the thought of showing Tom her used pussy.
"Oh, you like that idea, do you girly?" Bill continued in her ear. She felt him slide his hand up the couple of inches necessary to brush against her pussy. "Jesus Christ, it's going to look like you pissed yourself!" he exclaimed a little too loudly, causing her face to flush red. He began to rub his fingers up and drown her slick pussy, making her bite her lip to stifle a moan.
It didn't take him long to slip a finger in, quickly followed by a second, and, soon after, a third. Emily threw her arms around his shoulders and moaned into his ear as she felt the start of an orgasm building at the now familiar stretching sensation. He upped his pace and Emily couldn't help but spread her thighs wider under his assault. She felt her skirt rise at the back, exposing most of her ass to anyone sitting behind her. She looked over her shoulder as Bill began sucking and slobbering on her neck and was shocked to see a dishevelled, almost homeless, looking man staring intently at her ass, rapidly jerking his cock. She let out a gasp, her pussy spasming. He looked up, eyes wide with fear, before taking in Emily's eyes fluttering with arousal. He grinned at her, showing off the many gaps in his teeth.
She barely held back a gasp as he tentatively reached out a weathered hand towards her exposed ass. She knew she should stop him, that the sad old man was not worthy of touching her perfect, eighteen year old body, but the idea was too hot. She desperately wanted him to get to feel her up, with Bill remaining unaware. Bill was still aggressively kissing her neck, but she was afraid he'd stop at any moment and see the man groping her. Thinking quickly, she yanked up her top and pulled Bill down to her breast. She felt the old man's grasping hand come into contact with the smooth flesh of her butt at the same as Bill bit down cruelly on her nipple.
Emily looked around the room again and barely found a set of eyes that weren't glued to her body as the two men felt her up. She felt one of the man's fingers slip in between her butt cheeks and looked back over her shoulder at him, a moan escaping her throat. His eyes were glassy and his mouth agape, the pace of his hand jerking his dick getting faster as he clutched at Emily's ass. Suddenly he groaned and his hips flexed. He slowly sat back onto his stool before his eyes became focused again. He looked at Emily almost reverently, slowly opening his hand to reveal the sticky load of cum he'd deposited there.
Emily couldn't help but lick her lips at the sight. She saw his eyes flick over to her mostly finished beer. She couldn't hold back another moan as her mind caught up with what he was thinking. Not needing any more permission than that, the man reached his hand out and used the rim to scrape his cum into the glass. There was enough there for much of it to drip down into the beer. As soon as he withdrew his hand, she grabbed the glass and put her lips to the rim where his cum was and threw her head back. She greedily gulped down the contents. There was still plenty of cum stuck on the inside of the glass, so she used her tongue to lick up as much as she could.
As she felt the taste coat her tongue a huge orgasm washed over her. She had to slam the glass back on the counter as her body began quaking. She clutched herself to Bill as the orgasm wracked her body, her quivering legs unable to keep her perched on the stool.
As she slowly came down, the aftershocks coming less and less frequently, she released her grip on Bill. He pulled away from her and stared at her with an animalistic hunger. Emily hadn't seen that look in his eyes before, it looked almost dangerous. Yet she felt like she wanted to put herself in the path of whatever beast she'd unleashed. She leant in and whispered in his ear.
"You ready to take me home baby?"
Bill stood up suddenly and Emily looked up at him with wide eyes, worried she'd angered him. Suddenly he lunged forward and Emily squealed as he threw her over his shoulder, her tits still out and skirt up around her waist. He carried her out to his truck and Emily felt several pairs of hands grope her ass as they passed by. One old guy reached up and pitched her nipple, a big grin on his face. When they reached Bill's car, he wrenched open the passenger door before tossing her in and striding around to his side. He clambered in and started the engine. Emily had his fly open before he'd even pulled out of the parking lot, and greedily shoved as much of his cock down her throat as she could. She stayed down, happily sucking and slurping on his cock as he raced home.
Every time Bill careened around a corner or over a bump Emily would squeal around his cock, the rush of adrenaline seeming to just make her hornier. Some of the bumps forced his cock even further back into her throat, eliciting a moan of approval from Bill as Emily's throat spasmed around his massive head. She felt her pussy quivering with arousal when she heard his approval. She forced herself down further on his cock, until each bump felt like it was driving him into the very bottom of her throat. She gurgled and moaned around his massive shaft, occasionally having to pull back to draw in some desperate gasps of air, thick lines of frothy saliva running down her chest and hanging in the air between her mouth and Bill's bobbing cock, before plunging herself back onto his cock as far as she could go.
They finally arrived, Bill pulling up to the curb of the overgrown lot out the back of his house, still trying to keep out of sight of Tom. Bill yanked her off his cock by her hair, leaving her panting, looking up at him with eyes wide, pupils dilated, begging for more. He grinned smugly at her, taking in her perfectly formed body, her tits and pussy still on display, made even more obvious by her tan lines drawing attention to what she usually kept covered.
Bill suddenly struck out and slapped her across the cheek. Her head snapped around, and she slowly looked back at him with shock. "Well come on bitch, get a move on! Or do you not want to get fucked?"
"No! Sorry, I do!" she replied, scrambling out of the car. Bill laughed and climbed out his side, following her through the long grass and bushes. He watched her round, toned ass and muscled thighs in motion as she pushed her way through the vegetation. The sight of her forging through the scratchy bushes in her ridiculously sexy outfit that completely failed to preserve her dignity just to get to his house so he could fuck her made Bill's cock throb with anticipation.
By the time they'd reached his house she had scratched up her legs and had twigs in her hair. Bill pushed her through to his room and threw her onto the bed. He pulled down his worn trousers to release his cock to spring up and bounce threateningly in the air. He went to clamber onto the bed.
"Wait! Stop! The condom!" Emily said desperately.
"What? You really gonna stick to that?" Bill said incredulously.
"Come on, we went to the bar and you got to show me off! You promised!" she replied, her emotions rising. She'd spent the whole week convincing Bill to promise to wear condoms in the future if their next date would be to somewhere public. She had sent him dozens of nudes over the past couple of days to convince him, including quite a few he'd made her take in public spots, sometimes even with people visible in the background of the photo. The worst, and also most exciting, had been when he'd made her expose her tits and pussy and take a selfie in a very busy lecture. After she had sent it she realised that she could see her pussy dripping from the excitement.
After sending him basically everything he'd asked for and finally got him to agree, she had been extra excited for this date. She knew that she'd just be able to relax and enjoy the fucking fully, not having to worry about him not pulling out, about her birth control not working.
Bill looked her in the eyes, before sighing and reaching over and grabbing a foil package from his dresser. "I'm telling you, it won't feel as good. You'll be begging me to not wear it next time."
Emily watched intrigued as he tore the packet open and began to roll it down his cock, having never seen a condom being put onto an actual penis before. Despite looking like it would completely engulf Tom's dick with plenty of room to spare, the condom only went about halfway down Bill's cock.
"Ok, you happy now?" Bill said, waggling his cock at her with his hand. Emily grinned up at him and nodded, relief on her face. "I'm gonna pound you extra hard for making me wear this fucking thing." Emily felt her heart thump at his words as she lay back and spread her legs wide, giving herself to the brutal fucking she knew was coming.
Bill leant in and held his cock up against her spread pussy, rubbing it up and down as he applied more and more force with his body. Eventually it slipped in, and Bill kept up the pressure, forcing inch after inch into Emily's young pussy. Emily writhed and moaned, keeping her legs stretched wide as Bill stretched her out mercilessly. She was already so aroused that the pain felt like pure pleasure. When he bottomed out, thrusting hard against the back of her pussy, her eyes flashed open and she looked up at Bill, mouth agape as her neurons all flared in pleasure and pain at once.
Bill just grinned grimly down at her before pulling his cock back most the way before thrusting in forcefully again, causing her to squeal in pleasure. The force of the thrust caused Emily's body to be jolted up, setting her perky tits jiggling. Bill drew back and then thrust ruthlessly forward again, then pulled back and did it again. He kept going, putting his body weight behind each thrust, increasing the pace each time. Soon he was pounding into her tight body continuously, drawing constant moans and grunts of pleasure from Emily as her tits jiggled and outstretched legs bounced in the air.
Once he'd established his brutal rhythm, he reached his hands up and wrapped them around Emily's neck. Her eyes grew wide as she felt her airway being restricted. Her moans only seemed to grow louder. She looked up at him and saw the anger in his eyes and groaned in pleasure, knowing that that anger was only going to fuel his forceful fucking. Then she felt wetness on her cheek, and looked up to see him angrily spitting on her again. It hit her next to her mouth and she licked it up with her tongue. Bill released her neck, bringing a hand back before whipping it back to slap across her cheek. The sudden rush of oxygen back to her brain and the sharp pain of the slap caused endorphins to course to her already overloaded brain.
Soon an orgasm was coursing its way through Emily's body. She wrapped her legs around Bill's waist and tried to pull him deeper. He kept up his onslaught, and she began to be lifted up with each thrust as she held tight around his body, before being slammed back down hard against the bed. Emily continued to shake and convulse for almost a minute, her legs remaining clenched around Bill's hips as he pummelled her into the mattress.
When her orgasm finally subsided, Bill stopped and slumped down on top of her, his cock still only buried a bit over halfway inside her.
Emily lay with her eyes closed, feeling oddly tranquil trapped underneath Bill's weight. She continued to slowly move her hips up and down, enjoying the stretching feeling as she came back down to Earth. Now that Bill had stopped his assault, she began to really notice how different the condom made it feel. It felt much less intimate, much less dirty. She wasn't feeling the usual thrill of being so closely coupled with a dirty old man. Still, she was also not worrying about accidentally ending up pregnant. After slowly gyrating her hips for a moment longer, she lazily opened her eyes to see Bill looking down at her with an evil smirk on his face.
He suddenly rolled onto his back, bringing Emily with him so she was left straddling him. "You didn't think you'd get a break already, did you? But I do think it's your turn to put in some effort in. So get bouncing!" he commanded, slapping her across one of her perky tits. Emily yelped and began working her pussy up and down his shaft. "Come on, slam yourself down on that dick like you're trying to get it to come out your mouth!" He delivered another slap to her other tit with a crack that echoed around the room. Emily yelped in surprise, yet dutifully began slamming herself down with more force. She'd raise herself up until only his head remained inside her pussy, her pussy lips tightly wrapped around his cock and resisting the motion. Then she'd drop herself with her full body weight, grunting when his cock head would slam into the top of her uterus.
Emily's muscled legs and athlete's stamina let her keep up an impressive pace, yet Bill still slapped her breasts, or occasionally grabbed her nipples to pull her down harder, whenever he noticed the smallest drop in her pace. It was Bill yanking down hard on her engorged nipples as he thrust up into her that sent her into her second orgasm. Her whole body began shaking as she let out short, sharp moans. Her belly was rippling as her pussy contracted around Bill's cock, her tits jiggling deliciously.
All too soon she was coming down, the feeling that the condom was keeping her from reaching her peak pleasure returning, stronger now. Her contracting pussy seemed to tell her that it was working for nothing, that it wouldn't be able to actually get the reward it was trying to milk from Bill's cock.
As soon as she appeared to have stopped convulsing, Bill slapped her hard on the bottom of her tit. "Well come on, I'm not even close yet, lazy bitch!"
Emily jumped and began pumping herself up and down his cock again. Bill grinned at the disappointed look on her face. "So, was I right about the condom feeling worse than getting stuffed with raw cock?"
Emily could only moan in response as Bill's cock smashed into her now tender pussy. He let loose yet another slap on her reddened tits. "Come on slut, be honest, does it feel better without the condom?"
Emily just moaned and began dropping herself harder onto his cock, each thrust pushing the air out of her lungs in a gasp. Bill looked on with a sinister glint in his eyes as Emily pounded her abused pussy rather than answer the question. He let her continue for several more thrusts, before reaching out and grabbing her clit between his thumb and finger and gradually applying more and more pressure.
"Answer the fucking question! Dumb bitch."
"Ok! Ok! I admit it!" Emily yelled. "It feels way better without the condom!"
"Well get off and take it off then!"
"Noooo, I can't!"
"Why the fuck not, cunt?"
"Because I don't want to risk getting pregnant!"
"All you have to do is get off in time! Or is that too hard for my little cum addicted slut?"
"Yes, alright! I don't trust myself to be able to get off!"
"Well, you better keep bouncing on that dick, because I'm not even close yet with this fucking thing on my prick."
Bill had lessened his grip on her clit, but continued to pinch and rub it as Emily rode up and down above him, her head thrown back, eyes closed and perfect tits thrust out.
"Hey, I got an idea that might work for your cum addicted brain," he said after toying with her for another minute.
"Mhm, what is it?" Emily moaned.
"Why don't you stop taking your birth control? That way even you wouldn't risk me coming inside."
"What? No! I can't risk that..." Emily said, surprised enough to have stopped moving and looked down at Bill.
"Why not? Are you saying you're enough of a dumb slut to still risk me cumming in your unprotected cunt?" Bill sneered while beginning to thrust up into her as he kept a hold of her clit.
"No! Of course not!" Emily moaned, beginning to rock her hips slightly.
"It's decided then, as soon as you get home after this you're going to go and chuck your pills out."
Emily was back to bouncing while Bill continued to thrust up into her. She knew it was an incredibly stupid idea, but the thought of getting to feel Bill's raw cock in her pussy again, all while knowing she was completely unprotected, was too hot. She was rapidly approaching another orgasm as she pictured herself in her current position, except Bill was unprotected in her fertile pussy, announcing he was on the verge of cumming.
"Ok..." she heard herself moan.
"Good slut, promise me you're going to go do it as soon as you get home," Bill said as he picked up the pace of his thrusts, letting out the occasional grunt of pleasure.
"Yes! Yes! Yes! I promise!" Emily screamed, head thrown back as she began to convulse in an immense orgasm. Bill kept pounding up into her as she shook on top of him, her pussy rippling around his cock, before letting out a shout as he pulled her down as hard as he could as he came himself. After pumping into her several times, he released her and she fell forward, flopping down onto his fat body, still quivering.
Bill let her lay there for a while, as he gulped air down himself. Eventually, when she'd started to hump her hips into him, he sat up and pushed her off the bed.
"Get a move on bitch, fix your clothes up and get yourself home," Bill said. "And you better video yourself dumping those pills, I don't want you breaking your promise."
Emily scrambled to pull her clothes on before making her way out the back door. She was still extremely horny. Normally a good fucking from Bill would leave her satiated for some time, but she felt like she'd barely come down as she was still thinking about what she'd promised to do. She pushed her way back through the bushes of the abandoned lot, still imagining having Bill's unprotected cock in her unprotected pussy. She turned to walk along the footpath around the block to her apartment. She wondered if she should actually do it. The doubt instantly made her heart ache with loss, her mind already attached to the stupid plan. Plus, she did promise Bill, right? And Emily wasn't the sort of girl to break a promise.
Instantly she had the giddy feeling in her stomach again. Fuck! Why was she so excited about this?
She was almost at her door before she remembered how she looked. She hadn't even had a shower this time! She desperately tried to smooth down her clothes and comb out her hair with her fingers. She could only imagine how her makeup must look. She wondered if she should go back and have a shower, but figured she had been more and more blatant, so this was basically a natural progression. She also didn't want to give herself time to back down from her promise.
She took a deep breath, opened the door and walked in, her tummy fluttering with how blatant she was being, hoping that Tom would keep up his oblivious act.
--
Tom hadn't been able to sit still since Asha's last message. His tummy was a pit of worry, while his erection raged on. His mind was full of an endless flow of imagined situations, each more debased than the last. He paced around the apartment, stopping to look out the window every minute or so, looking for Bill's ute. He didn't hear Asha's car, but he was pretty sure he heard her door as she snuck in at some point.
He finally sat down on the couch after an hour of nervous pacing. Despite the sick feeling in his stomach, he couldn't resist pulling out his phone and scrolling back through all the photos Asha had sent him. It didn't take long before he had his cock out, furiously jerking it as he stared at the pictures of Bill and Emily out the front of the bar, the two men looking on. He grunted and came, before collapsing back and almost instantly dozing off into a fitful sleep.
He awoke when he heard the door opening. He blinked and looked down shamefully at his cock still out, and the cum drying on his hand. He jumped up and quickly did up his pants. He glanced over to the clock to see that four hours had passed since Asha sent her last photo. He wiped his hand on the back of his pants and quickly strode towards the door. He emerged from the loungeroom to see Emily closing the door behind herself. His mouth dropped open at the sight of her. His eyes darted up and down her body, taking in her smeared makeup, messed up hair, scratched up skin, and what looked like a faint red hand print on one cheek.
Tom gulped. "Hi baby, how was your night?" he stammered out.
Emily grinned. "Oh, we had so much fun! We danced for so long! But then Asha decided we should take this shortcut, and I got all scratched up," she said with a pout. "Anyway, I better go and have a shower."
"Yeah, ok," Tom said lamely as he watched Emily strut past him to the bedroom, unable to take his eyes off her incredible body in the skin-tight outfit. You could see her ass flex and jiggle with every step. He could only imagine what everyone in that bar must have been thinking.
--
Bill was still lying on his bed when he heard his phone buzz. He heaved himself up and leant over to grab his phone from his pants pocket. He grinned when he saw a video from Emily. He opened it. Her phone was placed on the bathroom counter, with Emily leaning over it as she started the recording, giving a great view down her top. She stood up straight and smiled at the camera, before raising her hand to show that she was holding a packet of birth control pills. She continued smiling as she took the pills out one by one and dropped them in the toilet. Once they were all in there, she reached out and flushed them down. She turned back to face the camera and quickly pulled her top off over her head, then reached down and tugged the dress down and kicked it away. She stood still, showing off her flawless teen body for several seconds, then gave the camera a happy wave, bent down and stopped the recording.