Authors note: Thanks for all the kind comments and emails. I have again made this Chapter longer by combining several chapters together.
Arm in arm, Ed and Nikki boarded the gleaming 64-foot yacht.
It was a Swan 64 he'd chartered from a friend and it was small enough to be cozy and not too big to require a large crew to ruin the couples privacy.
"I hope you like it," Ed said. "It'll be home for the next 19 days."
"It's beautiful," she told him, squeezing his arm.
The husband and wife team that would be attending to sailing and food introduced themselves. Ed had heard nothing but glowing reports about Justin and Marla and had been pleased to learn they were available for his honeymoon excursion with Nikki. They had a reputation for attentiveness without intrusion. Word had it that they were also discreet.
"I hear Marla knows what to do with any kind of seafood that swims in these waters," Ed told Nikki as he shook Marla's hand. The 40-something, olive-skinned woman looked embarrassed and proud. "Thank you, Mr. Stewart. I hope I do not disappoint you."
"And Captain, your stellar reputation precedes you, as well." The men shook hands and he introduced Justin to Nikki.
The newlyweds retreated to the small but luxurious stateroom that was adorned with flowers per Ed's request. Nikki's eyes filled with tears as she turned to him.
"I swear you think of everything."
"You're my bride. If it were in my power, you'd have flowers everywhere you went."
He took her in his arms and when their lips met, he felt as light-headed as the first time he'd kissed her, many months before. He loved how perfectly she fit in his embrace and how the combination of her warmth and seductive scent weakened his knees. As their tongues did a bit of fencing with each other, his hands sought out a handful of her hair (which she'd worn loose and unadorned today, at his request). As her startling femininity reached into his soul and gave it a playful little twist, he got hard and chose not to ignore it. Instead, he pushed his erection against her and rubbed slightly. She slipped a hand between them and started to stroke.
"What do you say we test this bed?" she said softly.
They spent the rest of the day quietly, swimming to a nearby, secluded beach, enjoying lunch at a small beachside cafe, and taking in a little more sun before swimming back to the boat in time for dinner. Marla's culinary talents were indeed top-notch—she'd prepared a red-chile encrusted wahoo so delicious, Ed and Nikki barely spoke as they consumed it. Afterwards, as the sun disppeared on the horizon, they let perfectly prepared rum drinks infuse their bodies with island restlessness. Justin and Marla cleared away all signs of dinner.
"Hey," Ed whispered, eyeing his wife like a dirty old man. "How about we christen the deck?"
A wicked grin spread across her face. "You mean as only we can?"
Smiling, they got to their feet, albeit a little unsteadily. "Aren't you worried about Justin and Marla?" Nikki asked in a furtive stage whisper as her clothes piled up quickly beside her. Dressed only in the rays of the Caribbean moonlight, she looked every bit the goddess to Ed, and he didn't care who else witnessed it.
"I'm worried about absolutely nothing at the moment," he said, as she dropped to her knees before his eager hard-on.
The first signs of sunrise woke Ed. He looked over at Nikki, sleeping soundly beside him on the deck. They'd made a little makeshift bed of beach towels and chaise cushions the night before, and this morning, the haphazard arrangement brought a smile to Ed's lips. He got up slowly, careful not to wake her. Dawn was his favorite time of day and waking to greet it so directly infused him with energy.
He headed toward the bridge, but on the way, he passed Justin and Marla, already up and engaged in a heated but hushed conversation. He paused, thinking they might need him, but decided against it. If it was a marital dispute, he certainly didn't want to get involved. But on his return from the bridge, where he savored the clear morning air and the glistening water from a new perspective, Justin apprehended him.
"Please excuse me, Mr. Stewart. I'm afraid I have some bad news."
Ed felt the man's agitation and noticed that Marla's eyes were red from crying. "What is it, Captain?"
"Marla's mother back in England has had a serious heart attack. They're afraid she may not pull through."
"Oh, dear. I'm so sorry to hear that. How can I help?" Ed asked, concerned for both of them.
"Well, we hate to renege on our responsibilities here, but it appears that we do need to get to England as soon as possible. I've already secured the services of a replacement for us, and if you agree, he can begin this evening." Justin's voice was level and professional, but his eyes were dark and troubled.
Ed paused and a sob caught in Marla's throat.
"If that's not agreeable to you, I can stay here while Marla goes back without me," Justin said. Marla's eyes widened, as if his comment were the first time she'd considered the option he suggested.
"Of course, you should accompany Marla," Ed reassured him. Marla's whole body relaxed. "If you say your replacement can do the job, I trust your judgment."
"Thank you so much, sir. I thought we would dock at Antigua tonight to pick him up before we leave, if that plan suits you."
"Yes, of course. But you keep referring to this replacement in the singular. Is it only one man?"
"It is, but he's as good a sailor as he is a chef. And since the boat has computer hydraulically assisted sail settings, his navigation skills won't be as necessary as they might be on another boat."
Ed nodded. "That sounds fine. You probably know I've done a bit of sailing myself so if things get hairy for the poor fellow, I can pitch in a bit."
"Thank you," Justin said. "We appreciate your understanding."
"Not at all." He turned to Marla. "I hope your mother gets well quickly. I wish you both the best."
Marla nodded and did her best to smile.
As Ed went to tell Nikki about the change of plans, Justin headed the yacht for Antigua under sail. Nikki didn't go back to sleep after hearing the news and instead, immediately went to find Marla to give her some hope and to confirm Ed's release and good wishes. To keep out of their way, the honeymooners wiled away a quiet day on board by napping, fixing their own meals, and retreating to their room for intimate pleasures throughout the day. The sunshine was addictive, however, and most of their time was spent just lolling about on the boat's various chaise lounges. In the meantime, Justin and Marla readied themselves for departure.
Ed remembered hearing about a charming quayside restaurant, so he and Nikki tried it for dinner that night after saying their final goodbyes to the collaborating couple. The changing of the crew would be in progress shortly, and Ed thought it best to give Justin and Marla space and privacy while they acquainted the new crewmember with his duties and the boat.
It was such a beautiful sunset that Ed and Nikki decided to take a stroll along the beach before sitting down to dinner. The two of them glowed with health and happiness, and when an unexpected flash of the incident at the villa popped into his head, he squelched it as instantly as it appeared. Nikki hadn't mentioned it in nearly two days, which was a huge relief for Ed. In many ways, he liked the idea of trying the start the honeymoon over. In other words, he relished having exclusive rights to his beautiful wife.
And yet, in the middle of enjoying their lobster, Nikki filled in a brief pause in the conversation with: "So how are you feeling now about our little 'fantasy incident'?"
Ed eyed her suspiciously. "Is that what we're calling it?"
"Yes. I like it," she said, grinning as she separated a deep red claw from the lobster's body.
He felt as if a warm, damp afghan made of mohair had been tossed over him. He didn't want to discuss any of it. Hadn't they already traveled this ground the day after the fantasy incident had happened? He was losing his appetite fast but he didn't want to deny Nikki the opportunity to work through her own feelings.
"Well, I know that nothing has changed between us because of what happened," he told her, hoping all she wanted was reassurance rather than reexamination.
"Did you like watching it?" she asked him tentatively.
Damn. Back to him again. He took a deep breath as surreptitiously as he could. He didn't want her to know this line of questioning was hard for him. Besides, maybe they did need to talk about it more.
"I have some nagging guilt and I'm still a little uncomfortable about the whole thing, but I can say one thing without any reservation," he put down his lobster and wiped his hands on his napkin. "There's no denying that it lived up to my fantasies. Exceeded them, even!"
She smiled, sheepish but strangely proud. "Really?"
"I wanted to see you be a total slut and you gave me that and more. I had no idea that your definition of slut would be filthier than mine! I don't think I'd want to see it again it might be too much for my old heart " He tried to make a little joke out of the tension that was now between them. He was glad when it worked—she gave him a warm smile.
"Yeah, I guess I even surprised myself."
He couldn't read exactly what she was feeling, so he decided to prod her. "How are you feeling about it all?"
"Well, I've been thinking about a lot, as you might imagine. Constantly, you might say."
Guilt tickled Ed's cerebral cortex. Here he'd been successfully pushing it out of his head for two days while in hers, it swam mercilessly.
"While everything was happening, I loved it, I have to admit. I was in the moment and just reacting to things without intellectualizing about any of it. I let my body dictate what I did and I allowed every fantasy to come through. It was pretty damn exciting. I felt...I don't know...powerful. Does that make any sense?"
"Sure, it does." He wasn't even sure why, but he did understand what she was talking about.
"I even felt proud that I wasn't holding back. That I let every kinky idea out and acted on it."
While she spoke, she concentrated on her lobster. She couldn't seem to look at him. Her reluctance to make eye contact intrigued him—he knew her well enough to know that it meant something was bothering her.
"Nik, I hope you don't mind my mentioning this, but it seems as if you might still have some shame about it. Normally, you speak very frankly but now, well, now you're not."
Her big, green eyes met his. "I like that you know me so well," she said, a sad grin on her face. "I can't get past this embarrassment. I enjoyed myself at the time—more than I even imagined I would—but as soon as it was over, I lapsed into this weird feeling of shame. And you know that's not something I don't normally do! I liked being a slut while I was one, but now that's behind me, I can't shake feeling cheap. Also there was a nagging behind it all even while I was doing it ...it just ...Ed it just didn't seem, well like me"
"But you know you're not really a slut," he replied quickly.
"I know that. I really do know that, especially now. Oh I liked being slutty well enough. But there was no emotion involved in what I did. No real intimacy. Primates do what I did. Animals without a conscience behave like I did. If I had to do it again, I'd do it differently."
Ed stopped himself from pointing out that she never had to do it again. Instead, he asked her what she meant.
"I would have done it with a single person. someone I had gotten to know and trust a little bit, maybe. Oh I think I still would have fulfilled your fantasy of me being a slut but I would have done it less like a cheap one night stand. Have a little romance be part of things, you know?"
Ed's appetite waned further. Romance? What the hell was she talking about now? "That's where our fantasies differ, sweetheart. The sluts of my imagination aren't into romance," he said, winking at her.
She made a face and tried to smile. He continued.
"I mean, I don't think I would have been comfortable with you getting romantically involved with someone before being a total slut with him. Don't forget that it took me a while to be okay with just the sex part."
The idea of a romantic attachment for Nikki outside the marriage didn't make him feel good in even the tiniest way. But she chuckled at his comment.
"Well, it's not like I would have got involved in anything serious," she pointed out. "I just didn't like feeling like a hooker!"
"Everything okay here?" the waiter asked, trying not to eye Nikki with suspicion after hearing her last remark.
"We're fine, thanks. We'll call you when we need you," Ed said sternly.
When the man disappeared, Nikki continued. "Maybe the best way to describe it would have been, it sounds so old fashioned" she said, giggling. "To have a fling"
Ed's digestion had apparently stopped—his lobster sat in his stomach like lead. "A fling? are you serious?"
She studied his face for a couple of seconds. Was she enjoying his discomfiture? "Well, yes. Sort of. If we had agreed and you didn't mind and I happened to meet someone, then maybe. But sweetie, I can see you do mind and always will, so I have no intention of even looking. I think we have lived our fantasy and it wasn't like we hoped.
I actually feel so lucky that it hasn't damaged the most important thing which is us, I'd worry about any fantasy coming to life after that."
He knew his relief showed on his face, but it didn't last long.
"Unless you really wouldn't mind. Because, you know, maybe we'd even let you watch once in a while!"
It took a second, but he finally realized she was teasing him, albeit with unwarranted cruelty. Nevertheless, both of them started laughing and he instantly forgave her. Anyway, it wasn't often that she was able to dupe him so effectively.
"Damn!" she said. "And I was doing so well there for a while!"
He reached across the table to take her hand. "Nikki, in all seriousness, just promise me that you'll always be honest with me."
"Of course I will. You promise me the same thing."
"I promise. After all that's happened, I think it's clear that we can share just about anything together, and that we should continue that way."
"I agree."
"Are you ready to leave?"
"Yes." She smiled at him and dipped her fingers into the small bowl of lemon water near her place setting. "Let's go dancing."
Things were hopping at the Mad Mongoose but it wasn't the typical kind of tourist action. The Mad Mongoose offered a relaxed environment but was full of locals who knew and liked each other. The music rang out and several couples were on the dance floor but the majority of patrons sat at tables and at the bar, telling stories and laughing at tales only they'd find amusing. It was a convivial atmosphere, and Ed and Nikki immediately liked the vibe. As usual, several of the men didn't turn away from Nikki as quickly as they might have with a plainer woman.
"I'm just going to visit the ladies' room for a second," Nikki told him as she slipped away. Ed ordered her a drink from the bar and watched the crowd. The dancers contented themselves with interpretive moves as opposed to the standard steps typically associated with disco music. The mood felt playful and cheerful, and if there were any flirting going on, it was of a much friendlier nature than that of the urban variety.
But several heads had turned to watch the action in one corner of the dance floor, so he followed their direction, fighting the premonition that slowly dawned on him. And sure enough, there was Nikki, shaking and shimmying with two dark and smiling natives, who were nearly bursting with delight over Nikki's proximity. When she saw Ed looking at her, she waved. And then her dance partners waved, too. Ed laughed. A few minutes later, she returned to him at the bar.
"You didn't think I was going to deny you the opportunity to watch me, did you?" she asked before throwing her arms around him. She downed her drink quickly and then suggested they walk along the beach. He readily agreed—as delightful as the bar was, he craved some quiet.
They walked silently for a few minutes, hand in hand, as the ocean waves gently lapped at the shore. Ed adored these moments with her, when everything felt right and just her presence soothed him more than he could ever describe.
But then she stopped walking and turned to look at him. In an uncharacteristically grave tone of voice, she spoke. "Well, since we've decided to be totally open and honest with each other about everything, I have something to tell you."
"Okay," he said cautiously.
"I'm sorry to tell you that I think my days of sluthood with hot, black guys—or any other guys actually are behind me. I think we're just going to have to deal with being stuck with each other." Her lovely eyes shone with a dash of mischief and moonlight. "That is, unless you change your mind and really want me to have a fling my way." she giggled.
He knew she was joking but there was something behind it and that familiar rock in his gut rumbled. "I think I'm glad your sluthood days are over darling" he exclaimed.
She smiled and raised a teasing eyebrow. "You sure I can't have a fling now and then?"
He took the bait and snapped "Are you really serious about wanting that?"
She laughed openly " Oh darling your so easy at times! No I don't think I want that at all I think we have done enough already. I don't think you would like it at all judging by how easy it is to tease you about it"
He relaxed a bit but then he just had to ask one more question. He tried to put it in a joking manner but his voice was strained "Well your right, but does that mean its totally off the agenda forever and I can totally stop rising to your taunts Mrs?"
He saw her dangerously close to a smile but then something passed over her face that stopped it. Good god, Ed thought. She's actually considering this crazy idea.
She wasn't acting. There was deliberation in those saucy green eyes as she paused before answering.
"Hmmm. Here's the weird thing. As long as we're being honest."
"Of course."
"If I happened to meet someone one day in the future and we talked about it and you were totally ok with it thens could be kind of nice. I'm not saying that I'm going to be looking, mind you, but knowing that I could feel free to talk to you something like that is..."
"Something you like?"
"I think so!" She said, seemingly surprised at herself. "Just as an option," she said.
"I don't know, Nikki. This is a lot for me to think about."
"Oh god. I'm not pushing you. Please don't think I'm pushing you for anything. I know you're not the type to accept that kind of arrangement and I really want you to know I'm fine with that. What I'm actually talking about is us being able to talk about it if it ever came up in a honest and open manner to avoid anything happening that could hurt us "
"You wouldn't like it if the tables were turned.And I met a girl some day"
New light flickered in her eyes. "No, you're right. I wouldn't." She bit her lip. "I wouldn't like it at all. I should have thought about that before I came up with my nutty idea. But if you did I would really want you to be able to talk to me about it"
He said nothing, sensing that she wasn't finished yet.
"Honestly, darling, something like what I talked about might be nice one day, but," she took both his hands and lowered her voice to a sexy whisper, "you would have to really, really, really want me to have that, too. And I don't think either one of us believes that is going to happen" She giggled, leaving Ed to wonder how much of this was an act designed to discombobulate him and how much was her way of introducing the notion for his consideration.
"It's not likely, sweetheart. I've had about all I want for a while of my wife being a slut. A romantic one or not," he said.
"But there is one more thing."
Could he take any more? "What's that?"
"I always want to be your slut."
She unzipped her dress in one easy motion and let it fall to the sand. She wore nothing underneath, save for a white, shimmering thong, which thanks to Ed, she didn't wear for long.
They cleaned themselves up as thoroughly as they could and headed back to the yacht, where they were met by Charles Baker. The couple froze, mouths agape.
"Good evening, Mr. and Mrs. Stewart. I'm happy to be in your employ for the next two weeks." The tall black man was enjoying the surprise he'd wrought.
"Charles! You're the replacement Justin arranged?" Ed asked, incredulous but pleased.
"I am. And I plan to do my best to make the rest of your charter cruise go as smoothly as possible."
"How wonderful!" Nikki exclaimed, extending her hand, which Charles took with only a glimmer of hesitation. "If you can steer this boat half as well as you cook, we're in good hands!"
Ed was glad to see that Nikki had lost her previous reserve around Charles. She was her usual friendly self with him tonight, which would certainly make the trip easier.
As they headed for their stateroom, Nikki said, "He really is a charming man, isn't he? And so nice!"
Ed groaned inwardly before noticing the teasing look in her eye and couldn't help but laugh. She'd got him again! They giggled together as they went into their stateroom.
The following morning things seemed simpler at first glance but soon the disquiet caused by their previous activities interrupted the calm.
"Mmmph!" Nikki said as she bit into the breakfast tapenade on toast points that Charles had handed her. "I'm not used to this kind of oral stimulation in the morning!" She winked at him as she swallowed the remains of the bite she'd taken.
Everybody laughed, including Charles. Ed was so relieved that Nikki had shed that chilly demeanor she'd shown Charles back in St. Martin when they'd visited him at Kingfish. She was now her usual flirty self and it was helping Charles relax—Ed could already see that much.
"My wife is right as usual," Ed chimed in. "These are superb, Charles."
"And they're just the beginning!" The tall black man assured them, leaving the small, silver tray on the table between Ed and Nikki's chaise lounges. Nikki watched him leave and then sighed.
"What an incredible stroke of luck to have him to ourselves for the next twelve days," she said. She tilted her head toward the rising sun. Her lips seemed to be in a permanent grin.
"I'm glad you're happy," Ed said, admiring her profile and feeling invigorated by it and the seductive sea breeze. "I was afraid you might feel awkward around him, like last time."
"Oh, no. I'm fine with him now," she assured him as she untied the sash of her lightweight terrycloth cover-up. She slithered out of it to reveal the infamous white bikini. "He's a lovely person."
Ed paused. "What's the occasion?" He said, referring to her choice of attire.
She turned to him, unsure of his meaning. "Oh! This! I've worn this so many times now, I don't really consider it special anymore, do you?"
He most certainly did and knew that any eyes in a healthy, male head would, as well. Nikki could downplay her motivation for wearing it as much as she wanted, but Ed suspected she knew exactly what she was doing by wearing it. He said nothing in response, though, because until he had more evidence, he didn't want to accuse her of anything.
Charles reappeared again just as Nikki began rubbing some sort of slick suntan concoction over her body. She concentrated on her shapely legs, extending and lifting one at a time to smooth the liquid in long, luxurious strokes over the curve of her calf, then the swell of her thigh. Charles noticed but not did watch. Instead, he directed his conversation to Ed.
"The waters are remarkably calm today, Mr. Stewart," Charles said, offering him a gleaming white ramekin of some sort of egg dish that smelled divine.
"Marvelous, Charles 5 knots I'd think. And please, call me Ed."
"Yes, sir. Ed." Charles smiled and then looked at Nikki. Ed followed his gaze and saw that his wife was now smearing the slippery stuff on her breasts, taking far great care to cover every inch just like Ed had ever seen her do in the past. He loved watching her but he should feel the opposite about Charles watching her too. Strangely he didn't mind at all.
"Mrs. Stewart, would you care for a Grand Marnier soufflé?"
She gave him a look that could only be described as cagey. "You know I would. And I'd like you to call me Nikki."
Charles nodded, patiently waiting as she massaged the fullness of her left breast for a few more moments before accepting the soufflé. The bikini top covered an area only slightly larger than her nipple, but as she massaged, a flash of areole was visible long enough for both men to see it. "Thank you, Charles. I can't wait to taste it."
Ed suddenly felt as though Nikki were not referring exclusively to the soufflé, but again, said nothing. How was she able to transition from the way she behaved with him at their last meeting to this rather subtle but obvious flirtation? Maybe now that the fantasy incident was behind them, any tension she'd felt at the earlier meeting was gone. Now that she'd had her black men, maybe Charles was no longer a consideration. Even though she had admitted she was attracted to him maybe now he was just a safe target for her harmless yet pointed innuendo. Ed told himself he had to relax and stop looking for things that might not be there.
Nikki ooohed and aaaaahed over the soufflé, inquiring about the ingredients as Charles divulged how it had been made.
"Why don't you join us for dinner tonight? I'd love to hear more about how you balance this incredible cooking with seamanship." She smiled broadly at him, and although her eyes were wide and nearly girlish, there was something about the way she held her head and didn't avert her gaze that conveyed a decidedly adult invitation.
"Oh, I don't know..." Charles looked with alarm at Ed, seeming to expect that Ed would protest.
"Oh, now, please join us. Ed and I would both love it!" Nikki interjected. She sat back, spooning more soufflé into her mouth and licking the spoon suggestively.
"Yes, of course, Charles. We'd be delighted. Make something simple so you don't have to run back and forth to the kitchen too much," Ed said as graciously as he could. He had hoped to have a romantic dinner with Nikki tonight. So much for that plan.
"All right. Thank you. I'll look forward to it," Charles said just before he left the honeymooners alone again.
"You might have asked me first," he commented to Nikki.
"I'm sorry, sweetie," she said, contrite and genuinely surprised by his remark. "I never imagined you'd have a problem with it. He's your friend, after all."
"Yes, but I had hoped dinner would be a nice cozy affair involving only the two of us."
"But you've got me all day and all night," she grinned, eyes sparkling. "And hour or two with Charles joining us won't really matter, will it?"
Ed rested his head against the back of his chaise and closed his eyes. He had a premonition that unless he got himself under control that every little thing to do with the way Nikki interacted with Charles was going to matter more and more as the cruise continued. He made a mental note to himself to filter everything he noticed through before allowing himself to feel put out. He was sure it was a delayed reaction to their little fantasy incident that was making him paranoid and he knew that if he didn't curtail it that Nikki was going to notice and it might become a issue. He simply had to allow himself to trust her both in his mind and in his heart. What made it worse for him was he knew with 100% certainty that she trusted him completely.
Ed had never known Nikki to show the slightest propensity toward food preparation and yet her line of questioning with Charles at dinner focused on nothing but.
"So you would always sear a meatier fish first? I had always heard that there were some that didn't respond well to searing," she said, staring at the tall black man as if he were imparting the wisdom of the ages.
"All of them respond well," Charles told her, "but the oil and the spices need to vary according to taste and what else you might be serving with it."
Ed found himself filling the void with more alcohol, which was not going to serve him well, he suspected. But as Nikki and Charles excluded him for longer periods of time from their conversation, his irritation grew and his only solace seemed to come from the bottle.
At Nikki's insistence, Charles enjoyed a few after-dinner drinks with them, too. Sometimes, Charles would think to ask him a question but for the majority of the two and a half hours that dinner dragged on, he and Nikki behaved as if they were alone.
After a few drinks, Nikki's voice seemed to get lower and she moved in closer to Charles, whether she was listening or talking. On several occasions, she touched his arm or leg, and finally even his face. Her laugh, languorous but clear, bounced off the ocean waves and resonated in Ed's head until he had to stand up and announce that dinner was over.
"Well, Charles, you outdid yourself again. Dinner was fantastic. And now I'd like to have a little private time with my wife." He extended an arm to Nikki. "My dear, will you join me in our honeymoon cabin?"
During the pregnant pause that followed, Ed watched annoyance give way to compliance on her face. "Of course. It is getting late, isn't it?" She stood but stayed focused on Charles. "Thank you so much for everything, Charles. I had such a lovely time." She bent to kiss his cheek, but instead nuzzled his ear as her fingers caressed his cheek. "Good night."
"Good night," Charles said, careful to direct it to the couple, not just Nikki. "See you in the morning, then."
"Bright and early!" Nikki added. Ed fought the urge to laugh, knowing that Nikki had seen painfully few bright and early mornings in her life.
Once inside their cabin, Ed no longer felt the need to keep his exasperation hidden. "What was that all about?" he asked immediately upon closing the door behind them.
She wiggled out of her sapphire blue dress and let it fall to her feet. Standing before him in her prettiest white bra and panties, she stared at him. "What was all what about?" Whatever she had applied to her skin that morning had performed beautifully. Her tanned, supple skin glistened with vibrant health.
"Don't be obtuse, Nik. You know exactly what I'm talking about. You're being an incorrigible flirt with Charles."
He didn't like the way he sounded but he was angry. Why should he hide it?
She picked up her dress, kicked off her shoes, and walked over the closet. "Well, he is one handsome guy, you know." She disappeared in the closet for a few seconds then reappeared again, this time tying a transparent, baby doll length robe around her naked body. The dark circles of her nipples and the tiny strip of pubic hair stood out like a particularly obscene bikini. "In fact, I'd go so far as to say he's the most gorgeous black man I've ever seen!"
He sat on the edge of the bed and tried to keep his voice level and calm. "I thought we agreed we'd be honest with each other."
"I am being honest!" She laughed and moved about the cabin, tucking things into her suitcase, rummaging through it, plucking things out. "I think he's gorgeous!"
"Do you not remember our discussions recently? The one where we talked about not doing anything like that anymore?"
"Yes, I remember that."
"And we promised to be honest with each other about all our feelings about the fantasy incident and any new incidents that might arise."
"That's what we said, all right. Are you thinking that I'm hiding something from you?" Now she moved to the bed and sat next to him.
"I'm not sure. You're being ... I don't know... flighty. I can't pin you down."
"You know I'm attracted to Charles," she said. "I haven't made any pretenses about that. And I know that after the fantasy incident, I didn't want to open myself up to any other situations."
"That was thoughtful."
"But I am not doing that, yes I'm hot for him and I think he's a awfully nice guy, but If we're going to be honest with each other, I have an obligation to tell you that, don't I? And you know what I was thinking?"
"Hardly ever."
"—I was thinking how much better it would have been to be a slut with him, on this boat, rather than with those two guys on St. Martin. Now that would have been unbelievable?"
His face burned from the incendiary mix of confusion, liquor, and frustration. He thought Nikki's night of sluthood had been unbelievable and didn't view replacing Charles with the two young men as an improvement. He wanted to say so many things that he ended up saying nothing at all. Everything caught in his throat like an uneven ball of yarn.
"But I also know we talked about that night and we decided that we wouldn't continue down that path.So I know all that and I am not trying to go back on that. But Charles is so hot and he's here with us for three more weeks—"
"Two and a Half."
"Ok ,right," she said quickly. "Anyway, my point is that what we agreed upon was totally right but flirting with Charles well ... thats nothing. You did tell me you still wanted me to flirt and play?" she added, staring into Ed's eyes with such sincerity, he couldn't bring himself to look away.
"Nikki, I'm not really that comfortable with this idea because of the environment. We are here with him alone and its sending him a message we shouldn't be sending him because as you said he's a nice guy and we shouldn't be playing with him like that."
"I understand what you mean. All I ask is that you think about what harm can it do, you've seen me flirt with many guys it always turned you on."
It was the very last thing he wanted to think about, but didn't disclose that.
"This is different Nik, there are just the three of us. Things could get uncomfortable."
"You know, this isn't all about me, you know. Seems to me you'd have as much fun watching me tease him as I would," she winked at him and reached across his thigh to grasp his rock hard erection. "If you let me have some fun, you'd have a little yourself."
He could no longer argue, as he might have been able to before the honeymoon, that watching her with other men didn't turn him on. She knew now that it did. They both knew it.
She climbed onto his lap, not adjusting her robe when it opened to reveal on hard-nippled tit. Her wet pussy swallowed up his cock as she sat on it. When she rode it, they were silent, retreating into the wild, wordless world of fantasy and lust. Ed gave himself over to sensation, deliberating blocking out memories of Nikki with black-skinned men, either in the past or the future.
Her interactions with Charles were different the next day at breakfast she was friendly and flirty but Ed didn't feel quite as excluded and realized that he didn't even mind Nikki flirting and teasing while Charles when he brought them their meals or drinks. Ed knew it was never a good idea to get chummy with the crew on a yacht and never had that axiom been clearer to him than it was now but it did seem harmless.
There were several different games available on the boat, and for most of the morning, Ed and Nikki engaged in them, but she was distracted a few times by Charles. Just before lunch, he locked himself and Nikki in the small lounge and made her favorite drink for her. He removed what few clothes she wore and slowly sucked her nipples before slipping a finger between her warm thighs. Maybe if he showed her what real lovemaking was, how nothing could replace the sexual trust between two committed people, she'd forget Charles was even onboard.
His fingers dipped into her wetness, making his mouth crave more titflesh. She writhed and spread her legs open wider. His hunger threatened to make him dizzy—he wanted to do everything with her that she'd done with those men a few days earlier. He wanted to exhaust her, please her beyond any pleasure she'd ever known. His cock oozed pre-come and his balls were big with want.
"I love this," she whispered.
He was too horny to speak but loved listening to her. He stroked her swollen clit a little faster.
"I love when you play with my clit," she continued. "Slide your fingers inside me." He slipped one up her cunt. "Put one up my ass."
Carefully, he inched inside that special recess that he'd seen the other two men help themselves to just recently.
"I like it up my ass. Did you like seeing me get fucked up my ass, baby?"
"Oh, yeah," he rasped. "I loved my little slut getting banged." He squeezed her tit hard now, tonguing her nipple like he wanted to wear it down.
"I loved knowing you were watching. I creamed more knowing you were there, getting hard, jacking off..."
"I was, I was."
"Think about it. Think about watching his dick slamming into me. Wouldn't that be good?"
Ed's heart pounded against his rib cage. He thought of that night briefly but to his horror it was replaced in his mind by another more disturbing if that was even possible vision. He envisioned Nikki bent over, offering her tight little ass to Charles, who towered over her, dominating her, controlling every thrust up her hole and extracting moans and squeals from her that Ed never could. He hated the idea so much his balls threatened to burst.
He moved to put himself between her legs. He then eased her legs up and pushed them toward her head so he could see that sweet little hole that had taken so much action, action that he'd watched and salivated over. Now he rubbed her own juices over that very opening. The one that didn't seem to belong to him. The one that was for the others. He'd never thought of her asshole that way, but now at this moment, it seemed right to reserve that orifice for the slutty Nikki's escapades, not for his wife Nikki's lovemaking.
"Fuck me with something," she gasped.
His cock looked magnified, almost like someone else's. Charles? No, Charles would be bigger. Charles would spread her wider than he was doing right now. He'd go in deeper, make wider circles with his hips. His black meat would disappear into Nikki's white ass then reappear just as suddenly, and she would squirm and beg for more.
She watched him as these images tumbled through his head. She squeezed her tits and shook them at him while he plunged into her pussy. She took a nipple in each hand and squeezed, making them pinker, redder, harder. He took her clit between his fingers and emulated her movements, tweaking that slippery button until her eyelashes fluttered like hummingbird wings.
A small gush of pussy juice shot at his hand to announce her orgasm. She shouted and bucked while he fucked her, at last allowing his stored-up jism to fill her up good.
When he was finished—and when he was sure she was finished—something kept him from pulling out. He wanted to stay inside, to shrink within the confines of her tightness. She looked at him, smiling with residual delirium.
"I love you," she said.
"I love you, too."
She chuckled. "I kind of feel like I just had two men again."
He knew exactly what she meant. What he didn't know was whether he liked it.
"Its going to be so fabulous," she said quietly. "I'm going to love these weeks. Forget about Charles being here. You can have me whenever you want."
Shrinkage was occurring at an alarming rate. He'd soon be out of her hole whether he liked it or not.
"Please don't embarrass me, Nikki. I told you how I feel."
"Tell me something, and remember our honesty pact. I saw how turned on you were just now. Were you thinking about Charles fucking me."
That's it. He was out of her. And his brain hurt from trying to evade her questions. He moved to her side.
"I was but I certainly want that to remain a thought rather then a memory"
"I mean have you thought about how awkward it could be if something like that happened? We may not seem like a lot of time here, but it could feel like an eternity if something happened and I didn't handle it well or even worse he's made to feel uncomfortable or if he resents being put in that position?"
"What position? On top?" Nikki teased.
"Be serious, babe. There's only the three of us on this boat and we can't avoid each other. He has to cook for us and technically, our lives are in his hands because he is, in case you've forgotten, the captain. What if something did happen and it all went wrong with you or I got jealous and things got ugly?"
"I think you are jealous," she said, pouting.
"Of course I'm jealous."
"But you don't have to be! I'm not in love with Charles. And nothing is going to happen! I am just flirting with a guy I find attractive like I've done before"
"But you could take it further, you want to take it further."
"Maybe I could but it would still be different than what we did. I have attraction for Charles and I admit I wonder what it would be like to get into his pants, but it will never rival what you and I have and I agree with you that it might be difficult for us so I'm totally against it. You don't have to worry. I don't want to take it further"
"But you mentioned you want to get into his pants..."
"Does wanting always have to mean doing? I am only teasing , the both of you actually"
He sighed. "I don't know, Nikki."
"I know the prospect turns you on. And you know it turns me on. And if you allow yourself to enjoy it just like you do when you watch me dancing with another guy then I think it will be worth your while. I promise not to take it too far and leave you out of things"
He looked at her, trying to figure out what she meant. He couldn't very well ask if she was implying that she might have left him out before and was apologizing. With Nikki, though, anything was possible and he put no surprise beyond her capacity to deliver it.
"Let me take control of this fantasy thing from now on," she said, playing with the hair at his ballsac. "I think I know now what we both want to do and I think I know that we have limits we should adhere to and I know I can make fun for us. Think of the possibilities, Ed. We don't have to actaully do anything with anyone else. Just leave it to me and I'll make sure you get a bit of a show and a wonderful time. But you have to stop worrying, nothing you don't want to happen will happen."
"I don't like this feeling, Nikki. And I sense that you are attracted to Charles more than you realize."
"And I sense that you forget how much watching me flirt turns you on."
"No, it doesn't."
She laughed. "Then what is this?" She held his hard shaft in her hand.
By dinner that evening, she seemed to be under the impression he'd calmed down about the matter and relaxed as she knew he eventually would.
Dinner was a quiet affair and Charles didn't join them until well after desert and then only briefly for a drink. Nikki certainly didn't ignore Charles presence and was engaging and flirty as usual but she at no stage caused Ed any feeling of being left out and Ed found himself far more comfortable and not even the slightest bit perturbed. They went to bed early and found themselves something to do until sleep took them soundly.
In the morning Nikki rose without complaint after Ed returned from his sunrise rounds.
"You're pretty chipper this morning," he observed, happy to see her bright-eyed and alert so early in the day but curious about why.
"It's a gorgeous day! Plus, I'm hungry," she said in a conspiratorial whisper. "I hope Charles can whip up something fast."
He grinned at her enthusiasm as he escorted her from their stateroom to the main deck.The hours between 6:00 and 9:00 a.m. in the Caribbean were Ed's favorite. The sun's fresh clarity, not yet blistering hot, cast a special gleam on land and sea. Water sparkled, the horizon beckoned, and the cleanest possible light infused everything it touched. Disarray transformed into order and anything soiled could appear to be spotless under the morning island sun's soft, forgiving radiance. He attributed his ability to overlook (or ignore) Nikki's eagerness that morning to the magical powers of the Caribbean sunshine.
Upon becoming aware of their approach, Charles appeared, slightly surprised to see them so early but gracious nonetheless.
"Good morning to you both. What can I get for you while I make breakfast?"
"Good morning to you, Captain!" Nikki said. "I hope we didn't upset your plans by showing up for breakfast so early."
Ed winced. Apologizing to a crewmember, particularly the captain, was rarely necessary, and frankly, only done in extreme circumstances. Charles was at their service, and unless Ed and Nikki abused him in some way, it was unwise to disturb the employer/employee balance. Then again, when Ed considered just how far Nikki had gone so far to to disturb that balance, he decided it wasn't worth drawing attention to her comment.
"Oh, it's no problem, Nikki, I assure you."
Ed winced again. He'd never heard his wife's name on Charles's lips prior to this moment. It was nothing less than jarring.
"In that case, then, something tall and cool would be great," Nikki said as she held Charles's gaze. "Maybe do something creative with coffee. I like the dark stuff," she added with a wink. The double-entendre caused the captain to stand a little straighter and smile wider.
She wore the black and aqua bikini that morning, the one with tiny chains that connected random parts of the skimpy suit. A coordinating sarong covered her from the waist down, but as she seated herself on what had become her favorite lounge chair, the sarong opened to reveal long, slim, tanned legs that ended in a black, high-heeled mules adorned with one blooming teal-colored flower attached to the strap. Charles watched her with the face of a man who knows he should look away but can't.
"I'll make something special," Charles said before turning to Ed. "And for you, Ed?"
"Make it two," Ed said cheerfully. "I like surprises." Had he ordered the same thing in order to simplify things or to rob Nikki and Charles of the attempted exclusivity?
"And don't go to too much trouble with breakfast," Nikki said just as he started to retreat to the kitchen. "If we're going snorkeling today, a lot of food is just going to slow us down."
A pause hung over the conversation. Charles looked at Ed, Ed raised an eyebrow at Nikki. "Are we going snorkeling today?"
"We sure are."
"Huh. That's the first I've heard of it."
"Good thing you like surprises, then, isn't it?" She chuckled and untied her sarong. "Charles, I hope you can come along...?"
As she made eye contact with the good-looking captain again, she opened her sarong to reveal the tiniest of bikini bottoms. Not only did the fabric just barely cover what Ed knew to be her meticulously trimmed pubic patch, but the delicate chain connecting that fabric to the ridiculously small piece across her hip sparkled in the sunlight with the same kind of flirtation that danced in her eyes.
Charles reluctantly looked away to face Ed. "Would that be acceptable to you?"
Ed had looked away from Nikki reluctantly, too, and so needed a moment to process Charles's question. The snorkeling. Yes. That was it.
"If that's what the lady wants, I'm all for it," Ed told him, trying for reasons even unknown to himself to reassure Charles that he was welcome.
"Then, I'd love to come," Charles said as he turned back to Nikki. "Thank you for asking."
"Now go make me that drink!" Nikki teased.
The moment Charles was out of earshot, Ed seized the moment. "Just when I think you've found all the swimsuits that cause coronaries, I see you in another one."
She giggled. "Like it? I've been saving it."
"I think Charles liked it, too."
"That's good," she said, smiling. "You're okay with all of us snorkeling together, aren't you?"
"Yes, I am, but it would have been nice if you'd asked me first."
"Sorry," she pouted through her smile, "but you know I'm on a mission to have fun today."
"I know," Ed replied, his exasperation a mix of mock and real. "Just take it easy, okay?"
"I kind of thought it would be rude not to invite him, I forget these things you know" she reminded him.
He laughed, but didn't push the discussion further. Neither did she. She seemed lost in thought as she turned her face toward the sky and offered her exquisite body to the sun.
When Charles returned with three tall glasses of mocha-colored liquid, Nikki sat up straighter and squealed. The movement made her breasts jiggle. "Look at what a genius you are! What have you made?" She tucked her long legs under her thighs, as if to invite Charles to sit where her legs had been. Charles remained standing and served her the first drink.
"This is the Nikki Special," he said in the same tone of voice Ed knew he'd use with his customers at his restaurant.
"What's in it?" She asked, eyes wide.
"Taste it and then I'll tell you."
She tasted it, swallowing slowly so that the men could imagine the liquid slithering down her throat. "That is positively sinful," she finally said. "Ed, taste yours."
Charles served him and Ed sucked a bit of the concoction through his straw. It was, of course, delicious. "I have to admit I'm dying to know what's in it myself," Ed announced.
"Well, there's coffee, of course—"
"Mocca," Nikki interjected.
"Espresso, in fact," Charles replied. "And a bit of mango sorbet and Cointreau."
"Is that all?" Nikki eyed him suspiciously.
"No, there is one more ingredient, but because I am the chef, I must have some secrets. I cannot divulge all of them."
Nikki laughed and even Ed was amused by Charles's playful manner. "I'm glad you made one for yourself," Nikki pointed out.
"It's one of my favorites," he confessed.
"Sit down and enjoy it," she said, patting the portion of her chaise she'd cleared for him. Charles didn't ask anybody's permission this time—he just sat down. Ed was struck by how beautiful both of them were: Charles with his ebony skin and elegant bone structure, Nikki with her centerfold body and insouciant smile. How would it have been if Charles was the man in their fantasy? Ed wondered, before putting the thought out of his head.
The scrumptious drink and intoxicating morning air conspired to make Ed toss his worries aside and just let fate unfold. That, and the fact that Charles and Nikki immediately began to verbally joust with each other as if they had been friends for years. The conversation amused Ed greatly as he knew Charles had no chance.
"Come on. What do I have to do to make you tell me what else is in this drink?" Nikki purred at the black man.
"I am like a prisoner. Just name, rank, and serial number," Charles teased right back.
"Every soldier has his breaking point," Nikki said. "I won't rest until I find yours."
"I am at your mercy then."
"Actually, I could order you to do anything at all for the duration of this cruise. Technically."
"I suppose that's true. And I would comply."
"Would you?"
"Of course."
"Then what's in this drink?"
They both burst out laughing.
"Am I turning into too much of a sun worshipper?" Nikki asked. Both Ed and Charles laughed and shook their heads which encouraged her further.
"I mean I usually like to bask once in a while but rarely this early.It's been known to relax me but I don't like it when it gets too hot."
She stared at Ed and paused, obviously holding an internal debate with herself about whether to keep teasing him about being too hot. Something in her face told Ed she'd decided to let it slide. Instead, she took a new and more direct approach.
"Well, for me, the hotter the better. I'm about to grab some rays before we snorkel. Which one of you wouldn't mind putting oil on my back?"
Now Charles glanced at Ed, who immediately shut his eyes, pretending to be lost in the languor of the morning sun. He didn't want to bail Charles out or give him permission. He wanted him to deal with the sexual tension Nikki was so artfully building. And pay Nikki back for being such a tease.
"All right," Charles said.
He got to his feet to allow Nikki to position herself as she wanted on the chaise. Ed half-opened one eye to watch the scene, stifling a smile at how awkward Charles looked holding his tall, dark drink in his hand while Nikki made herself comfortable. When she'd found a position she liked, she reached around behind her, unhooked the small chain that held her bikini top in place, then let the ends fall to her sides. Most women would have stopped there, but Nikki followed up the gesture with a slight lift of her torso and a yank at one end of the bikini top. Seconds later, the top lay in a heap on the deck next to her chaise as if to announce, beyond any doubt, that she was indeed topless.
"Okay, have your way with me!" Nikki said. She lay on her stomach, face turned toward Charles. "I like it thick, by the way."
Ed saw Charles pause. The man was obviously confused by her last remark and Ed suddenly felt sorry for the poor chap. He was enjoying Charles's discomfort and at the same time enjoying the view his wife was giving him. He felt no tension and instead he settled into a relaxed mode he hadn't felt before. He had to add to Charles's predicament.
"She means the suntan lotion," he commented from behind his pretend closed eyes.
Relief and comprehension spread across Charles's face as Nikki laughed. "Oh, I'm sorry! I should have made myself clearer. Yes, Charles—I like my suntan application thick. There's a bottle right on the table there."
Charles looked chagrined but stayed good natured. He knew enough, too, not to just squeeze the lotion directly onto her smooth, taut back—he poured a bit into his palm and emulsified it first, warming it before applying it.
Ed watched the big, black hands slowly work the product into her skin. Was it his imagination or was Charles moving with more deliberation than he needed to? His hands roamed the contours of her back in broad, sweeping strokes that seemed to happen in slow motion. The abundance of lotion made her back gleam, emphasizing its health, its youth, its nakedness.
"Do you snorkel often, Charles?" Nikki asked as his hands slid along her waist.
"A couple of times a month, usually. I prefer diving but it's harder for me to find the time for that."
"Hmmmm...."
Another silence hung between them. Neither Ed nor Charles was certain whether her "hmmmm" meant she was thinking about something or just enjoying Charles's touch. Finally, Charles asked her.
"Do you dive, too, Nikki?"
"No, I never have, but I was just trying to picture how I'd look in a wet suit!"
His laugh was deep and throaty. He seemed genuinely amused. "You would look fine, I look like a fearsome amphibian!"
They all laughed at that, and while they did, Nikki separated her legs a little before turning slightly and winking at Ed.
"Charles, I hate to impose on you any further, but if you could work that stuff into my thighs, I'd appreciate it." She reached for her Nikki Special and sucked down a few inches of it before returning it to the deck floor.
The sight of Charles's hands playing so near to her buttocks prompted Ed to take another long swig of his drink, too. The man's pink nails skimmed the firm, supple slopes where thigh met ass cheek, then practically disappeared along the insides of her thighs.
"Oh, that's perfect," Nikki meowed. "I can never quite get at those spots myself. Thank you so much, Charles."
"You're welcome," came the quiet, controlled reply.
"And I guess you might as well do my calves, as well. As long as you're there."
Ed wondered whether Charles was fighting a woody as much as he was. He wanted to see what was going in the big man's shorts but he dared not allow himself to look. No matter what he saw, it would displease him. He shut his eyes for real and let Nikki weave her spell. Besides, if he watched any more, his own erection might threaten to betray him.
"If I may, I'll clean up after breakfast now," Charles announced.
"Oh sure. Thanks again. See you in about an hour, then?"
"Very good."
Ed said nothing to Nikki after Charles's exit, and she said nothing to him. Gradually, morning glory was replaced by torrid midday heat.
Snorkeling evolved into a pleasant enough affair, with the waters warm and tranquil, and the marine life colorful. Nikki swam in her blue and black bikini, seemingly unaware of its failure to keep her entirely covered as she pursued anything that caught her eye. She didn't overtly flirt with Charles and she devote most of her attention to Ed. Perhaps, Ed reasoned, she knew her real work had already been accomplished on the boat. The snorkeling was merely an excuse to let the men stew in their own juices for a while.
Charles rose to the surface first, beckoning Ed and Nikki to join him.
"If you're ready for lunch, I'll return to the boat and make the two of you a picnic lunch. You can enjoy it on that island over there." He pointed to a very small, somewhat distant patch of land in the distance. "I'll take you."
"That sounds fantastic," Ed assured him before Nikki could voice her opinion. "We'd love that, Charles."
They returned to the boat as a group, with Ed and Nikki heading directly to their cabin to change out of their snorkeling gear and freshen up. Nikki had to peel out of her delicately constructed bikini carefully, so Ed seized the time to use the bathroom.
Although he didn't intend to tell Nikki, he was thrilled by the prospect of spending the afternoon alone with her in a place where Charles would be absent. He liked Charles, of course, but he wasn't sure whether he could endure another several hours watching Nikki weave a more intricate web of her exhibitionist teasing around him. It had been fascinating to watch—his hard-on told him so—but he found himself wishing things would slow down a little. He knew what Nikki wanted for them he wanted it too, but he had to do it at his own pace.
Seconds after he turned off the shower, he heard a gasp from the bedroom. A million possibilities raced through his mind, each inspiring a uniquely disturbing response from him. He wrapped a towel around his midsection and bolted out of the bathroom.
He found her kneeling on the bed, naked, peering through the blinds that covered the rear porthole. His first thought: thank goodness she's alone. His second thought: thank goodness she's safe.
"What is it, sweetheart?" He asked her, thinking she'd spotted something wrong with the boat. Upon coming up behind her to share the view, he instantly discovered what had caused her to gasp.
Charles, who obviously didn't know the boat well enough to realize he could be seen, stood naked and unashamed under the pontoon shower at the rear of the boat. With complete ease and not a glimmer of self-consciousness, he relaxed as the spray rinsed the ocean salt off his body. His fit, black physique, slick from the water, stretched in grateful response to the warm, refreshing gush. His back was to his audience, putting his firm ass cheeks on display, but when he turned to reveal a soaped up cock and balls, Nikki gasped again.
Ed was tempted to gasp, too. Never had he seen a flaccid cock so thick and long—not in a porn film or in a locker room. Charles stroked his meat to work up more suds and a silence so heavy fell on Ed and Nikki that it was almost painful.
"Jesus," Ed finally said.
His voice seemed to make Nikki aware that he'd joined her; she jumped a little and turned to him. She then took his hand in hers, brought it to her fully juiced pussy, and returned her gaze to the porthole.
"Play with me while I watch him, honey."
Startled, Ed froze for a moment. This suddenly was serious, he imagined objecting but immediately dismissed the idea. With her dripping pussy at his fingertips, it would be stupid to reject her suggestion on some ridiculous principle he wasn't sure he believed in anyway. And so, he delved into her snatch, amazed by how wet she'd gotten in a matter of moments. He slid his fingers into her slippery folds and wiggled one into her hole. Then he sought her clit—her swollen clit.
"Oh my god, that is so beautiful," she whispered. Did she mean his touch or Charles's schlong?
It didn't matter. Seeing her so aroused was the important thing.
Charles closed his eyes as the last of the soap ran off his black body. He gave his formidable penis a final shake (it slapped against his thigh like a log hits the ground) then abruptly turned and stepped out of the shower. Ed and Nikki stared in awed silence as his clean, toned body climbed the ladder and disappeared.
Nikki turned to look at her husband, whose fingers continued to play with her dripping pussy. Not only were her pupils dilated but her breathing was short and quick. He knew the look, so he increased his speed and in seconds, she orgasmed in his hand.
Not only did she orgasm, she also ejaculated. Not a lot, but enough for Ed to be taken aback. Her entire pussy seemed to thrum from what she'd just seen (and perhaps from Ed's attentions, he hoped). She leaned against him once the spasms subsided and he could tell that she was unable to move or focus. He listened to her panting, waiting for it to slow into normal breaths—but it didn't. He kept his hand between her legs, cupping her all as if to protect her from further excitement.
Seconds ticked by like minutes, leaving him to guess at what was going on in her mind. The silence resonated with a range of emotions he was not prepared to identify. She turned to him finally and what he saw in her eyes forced him to confront his fears.
Her pupils were still dilated and she looked as if she'd seen a ghost. She breathed through her parted lips, labored though those breaths still were. A jumble of feelings tumbled out through the portal of her eyes: fear, lust, guilt, curiosity, relief, worry, confusion. And yet, the one unexpressed thought that spoke loudest was her uncertainty. Surely she knew her behavior swerved outside the boundaries of marriage, and surely she knew that she had to do something to put things back on track. She searched Ed's face ... for what? As Ed stared back at her, he felt she was probing him. Why? To gauge his reaction? Or to discern her next step?
He didn't know what she might ultimately read because he wasn't sure of anything at the moment. His shock at what had just happened superceded all other reactions, thoughts, or feelings. But she continued to stare, and suddenly, he saw some cognitive light come back on behind her eyes—a return of Nikki to her body.
Wordlessly, she removed Ed's robe and quickly maneuvered him to the bed. He lay at her mercy, on his back, cock hard and perpendicular to the bed. Neither of them spoke. She held his gaze while she mounted him and as she slid herself down on his warm, waiting rod, the slightly crazed expression slowly took over her face again.
Was it his cock she appreciated or the vision of Charles's? As she rose up and down on Ed's cock, was she thinking about how deep Charles would go inside her?
As her juices covered Ed's shaft, were they the ones Charles had inspired or the ones brought on by her husband's fingers?
As she pulled him into her tight pussy, was she aware of anything or anybody other than what she'd seen under that shower?
Ed dared not ask her these questions or any others. He wasn't afraid of her or what she might do—he wanted only to preserve the moment. Her single-minded dedication to riding him fascinated him to the point of silence. She was a performance all to herself. An exorcism and communion rolled into one.
And he didn't know his role.
He watched her slam down on him, yelping when his tip met the resistance at her cervix. Was he her audience? If so, he was an attentive one, but he longed for a more participatory part.
In fact, she seemed virtually unaware that he was there, despite her unwavering stare. He wasn't sure he was being used, per se, but neither was he sure of being useful in the fullest sense of the word.
How to shake her from this other-worldly trance she seemed to be in? Did he risk her disappointment or anger if he tried to intervene in whatever was taking place inside her? Didn't he have that right as her husband?
Yes, he knew he had the right, but the problem was, he didn't have the heart to ruin whatever specialness she was enjoying. Her cunt had never been wetter or tighter. Her immersion in the sexual moment had never been more complete. The fact that he was not necessarily sharing that moment with her—or even responsible for it—seemed at once inconsequential and all-consuming.
Ultimately, it made him hard. Not just aroused, not just horny. Seeing her this way pushed him into a kind of taut exultation that transcended mere lust. He felt he was in the eye of a storm, aware that he couldn't stay there long but fascinated while everything swirled around him.
Sweat produced a thin sheen on her body that added a new measure of lewdness to her jiggling breasts. He reached up to touch them just as she began grinding herself down on his cock, twisting and pushing so he'd drill deeper. As he took hold of her damp tits, her eyes widened and for a moment, he thought he'd broken her private spell. She stared, he stared back.
And together, they pushed past a new boundary they hadn't known existed. Something in her eyes registered him now, made him part of her ecstasy. It swept him up and embraced him, welcoming him as her pussy squeezed his cock, as if to give him a hug.
When he moved one hand to her clit, she replaced it on her breast with her own. Now his eyes were the ones to widen as she slapped her nipple to make it redder and harder, to feel a new sensation. He frigged her clit, breathless as she coated it with a steady surge of juice. He'd never known it to be so engorged. She couldn't possibly maintain this level of excitement—her clit was like a hard nut in his fingers.
Yet still she gyrated and slammed as if the satisfaction she sought continued to elude her. He thrust upward as hard as he could, to help her get to the oblivion she so desperately needed. As the temperature of her cunt rose higher and the walls grew tighter around him, she stiffened and dug her fingernails into her thighs just before she called out her come.
Was she trying to be heard by Charles?
Ed didn't care because now his own orgasm vied with hers for attention. For a minute or so, her undulating body became a backdrop for the lightning flashes he felt with each spurt of jizz.
Gradually, the tremors died down and her muscles relaxed. Her pussy no longer tried to strangle or cook him, and whatever had possessed her so completely began to dissipate. She rolled off him with a loud sigh and a big smile. With her face pressed into his protective shoulder, she draped her arm across his chest and moaned with such contentment, he had to chuckle.
"That's the sound of a happy woman," he said.
"Mmmm, you bet."
"That was ... incredible."
She squeezed him in agreement.
He paused, considering how to phrase what he wanted to say. "I'm not sure what to make of it, though."
Her hesitation sent a few pointed edges of panic through him. Finally, she asked, "What do you mean?"
"Well, it was pretty clear you went somewhere in your mind without me, thanks to our well-hung captain. Should I be worried?"
She looked up at him, concern clearly etched on her face. "Why should you worry? Unless you think I plan to do something behind your back, that is." Her hair, flat and tangled from lovemaking, made her look more vulnerable.
"No, I don't think you'll do anything behind my back. What happened just now tells me that you aren't one to hide your feelings."
She grinned sheepishly. "True."
"But I also know that what you've seen is bound to make you want him all the more, and discard what we have agreed to and I don't think I'm quite ready for that."
She looked down at his chest before she answered, smiling, "Not that anything is going to happen but does 'not ready' mean that you're getting ready?"
"Nikki," he chided. "You know what I'm saying. Please don't make this harder than it already is for me."
"I'm sorry," she said laughingly, propping her head up on her hand and applying a serious look to her face. "Look you have to admit it was pretty special. You may not want to fuck him yourself but you have to give credit where it's due."
"I'd call him a very fine specimen, yes," Ed conceded.
"And let's be honest, his effect on me certainly benefited you, too." One of her eyebrows was up, waiting for his agreement, but he didn't oblige her verbally. His flaccid cock and drained balls spoke for themselves, he felt.
"And Ed, you can't honestly say you haven't imagined watching me with him?"
"Of course I have, Nik, but that's fantasy, not reality. It's exciting in my head but as we learned in St. Martin, sometimes fantasies are better left as fantasies, you know?"
She inhaled deeply, as if considering what he'd said. " Yes I agree but Charles is different than those guys in St. Martin. But I'm not being a slut anymore, remember?"
"Yes, I know. But the thought is still as frightening as it is erotic. I don't know if I like to be scared and turned on at the same time."
She scrutinized his face. "Well, we both know I'd like you to get over that fear, but I'm not going to pressure you because I don't think that would work. But think about how much you like thinking about me with him!"
That familiar sick and burning feeling returned to his stomach. "So now we're going to change things? I should let you play with Charles because you know it titillates me? What comes after that? More men for you will get me more? Its not what I want Nikki" he was worried.
"No, no! That's not what I meant," she protested. Her brows came together in worry once again. He liked that she didn't want to see him upset. He needed that reassurance from her right now. "I'm just saying that if we changed our minds, I'd consider it but only if we both really wanted it. And you don't want it at all and even I am not sure I do either even after what just happend"
"So you love me less for being closed-minded?"
"No! Ed, I love you. How could we even be having this conversation if I didn't?"
"It's just that I feel excluded, Nikki. When you're around him, you act like I don't exist," he blurted out.
"Ah, so that's it. Well, you're right in a way. If I'm ever going to make headway with him, I have to treat him differently than I would one of those island boys. I won't be a slut with Charles. But you not excluded because I always know your watching and in a way I am doing it for you too. But I do enjoy flirting with him. And that's hard because he's pretty wary of me."
"Wary? Because you're married, you mean?"
"Married to you, sweetheart. I'm sure he's afraid you might notice my flirting and his reaction to it. He doesn't want to make trouble. He respects you quite a lot, in case you hadn't noticed. In fact I think he's slightly afraid of you."
Ed hadn't given her credit for acknowledging the power relationships aboard the ship and was impressed that she'd summed up Charles so accurately.
"So let's say you flirt your way into Charles's pants but then he makes a move for you discover that I can't handle it. Could you stop him?"
She pursed her lips in thought. "I would certainly try. It might be difficult at that point. You know..."
"That's what worries me." He hated situations he could not control and yet here was a whopper right in the middle of his personal life.
"Well, you don't need to worry. Nothing is going to happen both of our agreement and therefore ...get this through your head ... nothing is going to happen. I thought we got over this this already but I can understand how this might have changed things for you. You think because of what happend that I'm going to be unable to resist taking things further. I can resist Ed, and I will because I love you and I want you forever."
"Thank you, Nikki."
"But I think you want to watch me with him more than you're willing to admit. I don't think the sex bothers you as much as the prospect of my excluding you or even falling in love with him"
He looked directly at her. "Yes, Nikki. That's exactly what bothers me."
"But I love you. Not him. I could be very fond of him. I could even feel great affection for him. But I'm dedicated, devoted, and completely crazy about you. Not him. And I'm never, ever leaving you for anyone. No matter how big their dick is."
She giggled, hoping he'd join her. He could only manage a crooked grin, though. He appreciated her honesty and loved her for sharing her feelings with him, but the threat Charles posed was real—and too close for comfort.
"And I know you may not want to face it, but it seems like the jealousy you feel actually turns you on a little, don't you think?" she ventured. The look on her face told him her remark was more of an observation than an inquiry.
Of course she was right. The idea of her with someone else turned him on and it did so with increasing frequency. Watching her with those two men in St. Martin had been erotic enough to last a lifetime. Did he want to push things to a point where she was sharing her heart as well as her body? Did he want to experience jealousy of that magnitude? Why could he not stop thinking about it?
"The thing is, Ed, that what I'd like to do is prove it to you. Prove to you that I can enjoy our flirting game with Charles without taking things too far after what I've just seen."
If only it were that easy, Ed thought. "How do you plan to do that?"
"Well that's another issue, I suppose. If this plan of mine is going to move forward, I need to spend time with him alone. But I don't think you're okay with that!"
He didn't understand "alone?"
"Actually I'd need Charles alone somewhere you could be aware but not be involved. The fantasies you could put together just seeing we were off somewhere. Part of the excitement for me is knowing how turned on you are by thinking about what he and I are doing. When we're away from you, your imagination is probably going to be concocting stories that are more erotic than what's actually happening! But if we were off somewhere and I was flirting and nothing happened and you know that I think that would be proof I could resist even after what I've just seen don't you?"
"I doubt it, Nikki. I've seen you with other men, remember?" And he'd never forget how filthy she could be.
"What if you snapped and things went too far?"
"Those were extreme circumstances. A one-time-only deal. I was a slut. I have no intention of being a slut with Charles. Unless you want me to be!" Her eyes sparkled but her smile was sweet and genuine. How did she manage to pull that off?
He didn't express it but the moment he'd seen Charles under that shower, he imagined that black body on top of Nikki, pounding her practically senseless with that monster cock. He saw the look of rapture that Charles would elicit even before Nikki showed it to him. His cock stirred at the thought but he kept his eyes on the ceiling and his jaw set in obstinate silence.
She patted him on the chest as a gesture of closure. "And now I'm going to get dressed and go up on deck because I'd really like to go to that island." She got to her feet, energized and rambunctious, and stood beside the bed, now looking directly at Ed. "You can come with me, or even better, you can let me go alone with Charles and spend all afternoon with him."
"Nikki..."
"I'm serious," she said as she shimmied back into her bikini. "Can you trust me, Ed? I think you'll realize that you have nothing to fear and lots to get turned on by. I can prove to you that I won't let anything happen between us, but I do intend to let him know that I think he's hot and flirt enough to test the waters and see how he's feeling so I can prove to you that nothing is going to change."
"And I'm supposed to stay here and let you go off and pretend to seduce the captain of our honeymoon cruise."
"You can look at it that way," she said, the teasing now gone from her voice. She was dressed for her island date. "Or you can think about what might have happened if I had your permission to go for it. Think about what mischief he and I would get up to on that island. Knowing that it was safe and nothing actually would happen. But I want you to confront your fear. Especially after what just happened."
Ed said nothing, still focused on the ceiling. His cock, however, stirred incessantly. He didn't want to know whether she'd noticed, but he suspected she had. He cursed the way his cock always betrayed him.
"When we get back from the island, you can tell me if you're willing believe me that even after this afternoon I can keep myself to our limits. And I promise you, darling," she said, now sitting on the edge of the bed and bending to kiss his tumescent cock, "whatever you decide will be fine with me. I won't be angry or resentful if you decide you can't handle what's happened this afternoon and you want me to do a u turn and treat Charles differently. And I promise I'll never ask you again. I want this to be the end of fear for us and the start of something with us too. Real trust needs to be earned Ed and after the fantasy incident and what just happened I want to show you how I can do that and have us enjoy our private little fantasies without any harm. I love you and I want you to trust me completely."
His cock was fully erect now and warmed by the touch of her expert hand. He finally looked at her, horny and uncertain, wanting to please her and wanting to please himself. He wasn't sure anymore where those needs overlapped.
"So, Ed, are you coming to lunch on the island or not?"
Their eyes locked for a few seconds as she continued to stroke him. "Tell Charles I'm having an afternoon nap," he said. He sounded like he was in some kind of trance, yet the words spilled out of him without hesitation.
She kissed the tip of his dick, then his mouth. "Thank you, darling. Nothing's going to happen but I want your imagination working overtime, anyway. Read me?"
"Loud and clear," he said, still in a monotone.
She bent close to his ear and whispered, "Think of it this way. I'm going on a date with a big, beautiful black man to a romantic deserted island beach and you know I want his huge cock inside me." She giggled. "That should get your imagination going!"
She sprinted up the cabin stairs, leaving Ed and his erection alone to begin the fantasy session she inspired. With a lump in his throat, he began to fuck his fist.