I love the taste of cocks and cum! I first started sucking cocks when I was sixteen and living in upstate New York. Boyfriends at the time wanted to have sex but I wouldn't let them. They started calling me the ice queen at high school, so I started baring my breasts to my boyfriends and letting them suck on my nipples whilst I played with their cocks. After a couple of accidents where I got my clothes stained, I started to take the head of their cocks in my mouth just as they were about to cum and swallowed their load so I didn't get messy, I realised I kinda liked the taste.
The first time I sucked the cock of a boy I wasn't actually dating was when I was 18. I went on a week-long canoeing and hiking expedition in the Adirondacks during the summer with five others. There were three of us girls and three boys. We had two man pup tents and the two other girls decided they were sharing one so I had to share with one of the guys, none of whom I was dating. I ended up sharing on the first night with the geekiest nerdiest one; he was captain of the school math team!
That first night in the tent was hot and humid, too hot for sleeping bags. We were both wearing sweatpants and t shirts but it was too sticky so I removed mine and David did the same. It wasn't fully dark and I could see David had an erection and was a bit embarrassed, he shouldn't have been as it was huge, far bigger than any other cock I'd seen before and I was curious. I asked if he needed some help to make it go away so he could get some sleep. He didn't need asking twice and I just rested my head on his stomach whilst I gently rubbed and stroked, sucked and licked his cock and he squeezed my breasts and stroked my butt. He released an absolute torrent of very thick cum, so much and so fast I struggled to swallow it all. We went to sleep with him holding my breasts me stroking his cock. I woke up and sucked him off a few times during the night and at first light.
The following night the two other guys were both offering to share my tent, David admitted he had spilled the beans. I shared with a different boy every night, sucking him off several times during the night and early morning, I played a little game with myself to see which one I could get to cum the most times in one session, David easily being the winner, managing nine loads on his second night, he didn't even go soft until after the third load! I let them play with my ass, breasts and pussy whilst I went to work on them.
On the last night they'd each shared with me for two nights, and were arguing over whose turn it was so I suggested all four of us play outside a little way away from the camp. I made them all get naked from the waist down, then I stripped naked, baring and playing with my breasts first, enjoying watching their cocks stiffen and comparing their different sizes and shapes as I exposed first my breasts then my ass and finally my cunt to them. I made David lie on the ground and I straddled his face, grinding my sex onto his tongue. I then made Eric and Paul stand in front of me, taking a cock in each hand. Eric was relatively small, about 4 – 5" long and I could fit all of him in my mouth, Paul was a more respectable 6.5" but pretty thick too, I jerked them both and took it in turns sucking on one at a time. When Eric came first I made him swap places with David, I realised then just how big he was, well over 10" and quite thick, with the biggest balls I've seen in my subsequent 12 years. One of them gave me my first orgasm but I can't remember which one of them was eating me at the time and I was still technically a virgin, I sucked each of them off at least three times before retiring with David, who I sucked off once more before sleeping. We were woken just before daybreak by Eric and Paul requesting more of my services, one of them made me cum again, it was also the first time I ever got two cocks in my mouth at the same time!
The next weekend we met up in our hometown for a punk rock concert. The three of them asked if there was any chance of me servicing them before the concert. I suggested we reach an agreement where we would fool about together as long as none of them tried to fuck me and I was free to date other boys if I wanted. They agreed to this, I blew all three of them together, in pairs and individually regularly for the rest of that summer.
Paul's parents were seldom home so the four of us would meet up at his house. We used to experiment and play little games, I let them shoot their first load over my face, breasts, ass or pussy so the first game was who had the biggest load for me then who I could get to cum the quickest, who I could get to cum the most times in an hour and who could get me to cum first, as I used to let them take turns sucking my nipples, licking my asshole and pussy, and fingering me, telling them what was good and what wasn't. I think by the end of that summer there were three pretty good 18 year old cunnilinguists!
I started to work on my ability to deep-throat first Paul and finally David. I was very proud of myself when I finally managed to take David fully down my throat and lap at his balls with my tongue. We were all into punk rock which was quite unusual in our city, they bought me some fetish wear, Goth boots, gloves, collars, nipple chains, harnesses, waspies etc. which I used to pose in for them, they also bought me a vibrator which I'd use to bring myself to orgasm whilst they watched and jerked themselves over me. I used to wear some of the fetish gear to concerts, frequently wearing nipple clamps and chains, a harness bra and a thin t shirt. I used to enjoy teasing them, putting my hands in their pants during the concert and jerking them off, whilst they fingered my cunt and teased my nipples, I usually managed to go down on them just in the nick of time but there were at least two occasions where I got an unplanned facial at the concert and once where a woman unknowingly had the back of her dress sprayed!. Just before I went to University for a treat I did all three of them together with another nine punk friends. I stripped to my panties and made all of them cum 2 or three times then got naked and played with myself in front of them while they got hard again. I think I swallowed about 20 loads in one evening. I let them finish off by spraying their spunk all over me, I was covered!
David became what I term a 'friend with benefits" though we never dated. He went to college in Rochester NY and I went to a college in Ithaca NY. I first went to visit him one weekend near the end of the first term to see a punk concert there. To this day I don't think he's had a regular date and he mentioned he hadn't cum since the summer when I'd last serviced him. Anyway we had a bit of time on our hands and not much to do so I offered to sort him out. I was kinda curious how much I could get out of him so I took my time, building him up slowly and sucking each ball gently and slowly building him up. When I sensed he was about to blow I milked all his cum into a glass on his night stand while I kept massaging his balls. He produced about half a cupful! I made a show of pouring it into my mouth and holding it there to show him before swallowing it, licking his cock clean and then licking the tumbler clean. By the time I'd done he was hard again and I got to work again. We visited each other several times during the academic year and met at home in the vacations. No matter who I was dating he always got his treats and he always saved his spunk up for me. I always got a massive first load from him and I used to tease him by keeping sucking after he'd cum, not letting him go soft. I once got four loads from him before he went soft on me.
I'm married now, we visited him in Vermont this fall and I gave David several treats while Cliff (my husband) fucked me. I'd told Cliff how much he always came for me the first time and he suggested this time I milked him into a martini glass. David said he hadn't cum in over a year and damned near filled the thing, I drank the lot!