Strip-Off: Origins!
Part 7
The audience clapped as spotlights danced across the stage, highlighting Arrow's gleaming smile and the five beauties behind them. They were standing in the exact same spots they were standing in when they were first introduced on the show, but they looked far different from the women they were before the show started.
Amy Redhill, stripped of her clothing and forced to walk around naked with rattling anal beads in her asshole for the last week, had lost her confident and carefree demeanor regarding her body- she was now acting shy, maidenly, and aroused, squirming around a bit and enjoying the sensations of the stares on her athletic body, as well as the beads in her ass.
Lilith Nightowl, still wearing two pieces of her suit, seemed more confident than before, and waved to her new girlfriend in her audience.
Shelley Bombe was shaking with pleasure, hands restrained behind her head and nipples aching from her nipple clamps, her two holes stuffed with vibrators and her mouth gagged. Her legs were spread open, and she was thrusting and shaking her hips, moaning at the torturous vibrations supplied from the audience to her vibrators. Though she wanted to be stripped naked, she never expected it to be THIS exhilarating. She came on stage, prompting much cheering from the audience.
Felicia Santos was squirming around, completely naked and covered in a film of arousing lotion. The entire audience could see that the lotion reflected the light from the spotlights and accentuated her curvy ass. She rubbed her hands over herself frantically as her skin tingled and burned with pleasure- even the air in the room felt like a caressing hand on her skin. She moaned, reveling in the stares of the audience.
Niko was shyly covering up her breasts and pussy with her hands, staring at the others with a sadistic grin on her face- she loved seeing them squirm.
Arrow welcomed the audience. "Welcome to the award ceremony- the challenges are all over, and we will now be handing our contestants the money they have earned!"
Arrow picked up some suitcases from a nearby table, handing one to each contestant. Most of them immediately tried to cover themselves up with it. "Firstly, all five of you receive $10,000 for choosing to remain in the show the entire time. Consider it a participation award- you were all forced to wear those suits for a month and a half, after all!"
The audience clapped, and the contestants thanked Arrow- the $10,000 was certainly appreciated.
"Secondly, any contestants with clothing still on get $100,000 per piece of suit!"
Lilith gasped. That would make a huge difference in her student loans! Why, that would almost be enough to completely settle her debt! She graciously accepted the much bigger suitcase that Arrow gave her.
Arrow laughed. "Finally, there will be prizes given to the sluttiest and the most modest person on this show. The sluttiest contestant here will get some extra money and half an hour of edging in order to give her the biggest, most humiliating orgasm of her life. Think of it as a reward for pleasing the audience. As for the most modest contestant, well... we'll be giving you the chance to be considerably less modest."
Amy scratched her head. "And who will be the judge of that?"
Arrow pointed at the audience. "Who else? The audience, of course! Everyone, use your remotes at home to cast your votes for the sexiest, sluttiest contestant on stage! Based on your votes, our contestants will get some VERY interesting prizes!"
The audience, both in person and at home, started to cast their votes by pressing their remotes.
Lilith sighed in resignation. She knew what the result would be.
After a few minutes, the vote closed, and the results came up on the big screen:
Sluttiness Rankings:
Shelley Bombe
Amy Redhill
Felicia Santos
Niko Toriyama
Lilith Nightowl
Arrow chuckled. "Well, honestly, we already knew how this would end. Shelley has so many sex toys on her, she looks like a prostitute; and Lilith is the only one here who is still decent! Let's get Shelley out of the way, first- her special prize is simpler."
Arrow helped walk Shelley over to some ankle cuffs, which Arrow proceeded to fasten around her ankles, spreading her legs apart. A few men came out from backstage holding vibrating wands.
"Now then- these boys are going to edge you for the rest of the ceremony, up until the end of the episode, where you can put your clothes back on. No cumming, or you lose your extra prize money: a full $50,000 extra. The entire audience is gonna watch as you squirm and beg to cum. Not that that's particularly new for a slut like you. Any questions?"
Shelley shook her head. The men moved in, turning the vibrators on and rubbing them gently over her body. Shelley moaned through her gag even harder than before- she could feel pleasant sensations all over her body. She writhed and squirmed to get away, but it was no use- her legs and arms were both bound, her mouth was gagged and unable to protest, and both of her holes were being pleasured and teased so relentlessly that she couldn't think straight. She thrusted her hips and begged through the gag- her words were hard to make out, but she seemed to be calling herself a slut and begging to cum.
Arrow turned to Lilith, who was dreading her ordeal. "And you, Lilith- you have the opportunity to double your prize money."
Lilith jumped in surprise. "...double?"
Arrow nodded. "Yep! You ingenuity and creativity led to you still being completely decent on stage right now! Big accomplishment. The only thing you're lacking is the sexy factor- this IS a sex show, and you're missing the sex part. So, that's why, the most modest contestant is given an extra challenge, of sorts. First, you will be stripped of all your remaining clothing, be forced to choose five toys as special punishments, and displayed here in this hall every day to any tested and rule-abiding perverts who want to see and/or play with your naked body. Second, you will be unable to change your outfit at all, just like during the show. And finally..." Arrow paused dramatically. "You will be automatically forced into a spot on the NEXT season of our show! More prize money, and more embarrassment!"
Lilith paled. "What if I don't accept this offer?"
Arrow shrugged. "Just say the safeword and it's over. But you'll lose all the prize money."
Lilith seemed a bit stressed. She blushed. "Um... how long do I have to decide...?"
Arrow laughed. "You have some time. I'll give you 30 minutes to mull it over."
Lilith blushed even harder. "I won't need that much time. I want to talk to my girlfriend about this- if she's okay with it, then I am too."
Arrow gestured towards Lilith's girlfriend, Isabella, who was sitting on the audience. "Come on up! Let's see the drama unfold!"
Isabella ran up to the stage and hugged Lilith. "Congratulations on winning!" Isabella explained, giving Lilith a kiss on the lips.
Lilith seemed relieved to be in Isabella's arms, but pushed her away momentarily. "But, Isabella, I... If I accept the money, then other people will be able to fuck me and see me naked. I'm... willing to do it, but if you don't want me to... I understand you wanting that sort of privilege for yourself only."
Isabella stroked Lilith's hair. "This money is going to fuel your dreams, Lilith. It's going to fund your college education. You told me you have to pay for college all by yourself- and here's your chance to do it. I WANT you to take that chance."
Isabella blushed. "Besides, I... imagining you tied up and exposed in front of others actually turns me on..." She covered her face in her hands. "I... I want to watch other people fuck you... I want to see you all shy and humiliated..."
Lilith hugged Isabella tightly. "Thank you. I... just, please visit me every day... I won't be able to do it without you... I want you to see me..."
Lilith took a deep breath, and stepped away from Isabella. She turned towards Arrow. "Okay. I'm ready. Just, one request. I want... um..."
Arrow smiled. "What?"
"I want Isabella to be the first to see me naked..."
Arrow grinned. "Turn around. Back towards the audience. Isabella, you can be in front of her. On three, she will no longer have any clothes on her. You can look all you want, then when you're ready, turn her around and expose her to the world!"
Arrow led the audience in a count. "1... 2... 3...!"
Lilith's remaining suit pieces fell slowly to the ground. Isabella gasped is surprise, blushing, and then slowly reached out to touch her. Lilith sighed a bit as she felt Isabella's warm hands on her breasts, her stomach, her shoulders, her neck...
...and suddenly, without warning, Isabella spun her to face the audience.
The audience cheered wildly. Lilith's modest breasts were a sight to see, with pink erect nipples and pleasant-looking areolas. Hey pussy was completely shaved, and her face was bright red. She tried to cover herself, but Isabelle firmly grabbed her arms and prevented her from doing so.
Lilith closed her eyes, moaning, "Ahhhh...! Don't look... please, don't look...! I'm ashamed... I don't look that sexy like this...!"
Isabelle grinned. "Ah, I don't know... You're so wet... and look, the audience is cheering..."
Lilith opened her eyes, and felt the gaze of the crowd on her. She blushed, and squirmed about, but Isabelle's firm grip remained strong. The crowd was catcalling and cheering, masturbating furiously to the sight of the modest college girl being exposed in such a humiliating way.
Isabelle's voice grew sweet as honey. "Isabelle, darling... could you put your hands behind your head and spread your legs so that everyone can see? I'm going to pick out some nice sex toys for you..."
Lilith moaned. "Ahhh...! Please, ah, no, it's embarrassing... I...!"
Isabelle whispered in her ear. "Please? It'll make me sooooo happy..."
Lilith gave in- she couldn't resist her cute girlfriend. Slowly, she put her hands behind her head, and spread her legs, like Shelley did. She squeezed her eyes shut.
Isabelle whispered to her again. "Come on, look at the audience. I want you to feel shy... You look sooooo cute when you're shy..."
As Lilith opened her eyes, some toys were brought out behind her. She dared not turn around to see what they were. Isabelle came back out holding five different toys.
"Firstly, the cat outfit, complete with ears, paws, a bell collar and a tail plug. I'll also use the same type of bullet vibrator Shelley uses..." She inserted the bullet vibrator and the anal tail plug into Lilith's holes, making her gasp with pleasure. After that, she put on her cat ears, paws, and collar.
Arrow chuckled. "By the way, this punishment toy comes with a caveat, Lilith- you have to act like a cat while wearing it.
Isabelle continued. "Then, the lotion that Felicia is wearing..." She rubbed it on her, and Lilith shook, but still did not move.
"Then, these cute heart-shaped pasties with the vibrating function..." Lilith was moaning and gasping as Isabelle stuck them on. "Ahhhh... please, no more toys...!"
Isabelle smiled. "Good little kitties don't talk. My adorable little kitty looooves her toys, right?"
Isabelle brought out the final item. "And finally, some chastity tape- flesh-covered surgical tape that prevents my naughty kitty from masturbating!" She applied it over her vagina. That sensation was not stimulating in and of itself, but Lilith's urge to masturbate right now was insatiable, and she just wasn't allowed to."
Lilith whimpered, her transformation complete. "Ah... nyaaaaa... mmm...! I feel... meow... soooooo hot... I'm a kitty in heat... Please let me touch myself, I feel so itchy...!"
She uselessly rubbed her paws over her glistening, burning body as her bullet vibrator tortured her insides, trapped in her pussy by surgical tape. Her pasties drew attention to her hard nipples, which were being heavily stimulated, and that along with the cat costume and her submissive behaviour were very arousing to the audience indeed. She was now just as much of a slut as Shelley was, which was saying something, considering that she was now begging the two men to gangbang her and make her cum instead of teasing her.
Arrow checked their watch. "I think that's the end of Shelley's punishment. Everyone except our horny kitty here can take out their toys, wash up, and put on their clothes. Shelley, here is your money. Lilith will get hers wired to her bank account- I will withdraw it if you decide to not participate in the next season of Strip-Off, or if you call a stop to this punishment game."
Lilith mewed helplessly as the other girls went offstage, returning later bathed and clothed, looking dignified and proud, as if they were completely normal people.
Desperately, Lilith looked to her girlfriend. "Mew... I'm shy, nyaaaa... Please comfort me..."
Isabelle grabbed her head and made out with her in front of the audience, causing Lilith to moan and lick and forget all about the audience.
Arrow shrugged. "Well, everyone, this season of Strip-Off has been a great one! Everyone got some cash, you viewers got a good show, and we have a new slut picked out and ready for our next season! All of you are allowed to visit her every day, between 9:00 AM and 5:00 PM, and do various activities with Lilith here, so long as you have no diseases and behave well. Thank you for coming- Arrow Ace, signing off!"