We met John and Leisa soon after we moved in next door to them. They were a nice couple, a few years younger than Marla and I, who are mid-to-later 40's. John and Leisa probably early 30's. And fit. Which was one of the differences between us.
Marla and I had very busy schedules (she managing a busy real estate office, me a financial adviser) and one of the things that often went by the wayside was working out and exercising. Oh, we would go for walks and hiking, but nothing day-in and day-out committed. It seemed John and Leisa were always exercising and it showed.
All this isn't to say Marla was not attractive (or me either, for that matter). Marla had nice, mature curves, a 36-dd chest with large areola and large nipples that would stand out half an inch when hard. She had a mane of curly black hair and wide hips and noticeable ass. No, she was quite a package and men looked her way. But she wasn't a hard body like Leisa, and that bothered her.
"I really, really, need to work out more," Marla told me one day looking in the mirror. "Have you seen Leisa out running at all hours of the day? It's no wonder she's skinny as a rail."
"Oh, she's not so skinny..." I tried to be helpful, but Marla picked up on what I was maybe sub-consciously truly saying: Leisa had great tits. Large, firm, not fake, but they jutted nicely from her fit core.
"You just like her boobs!" Marla kind of teased. "That's OK, I can look at John working in their backyard from our bedroom window, so we're even."
That was a little detailed, I thought to myself. I wondered if Marla had been watching him, as it was spring time and he was working in the yard a lot, sometimes shirtless even with the mild temperatures. From our second floor bedroom, the view would be ideal. John was, well, buff, there's no other way to put it. He must have done some weightlifting in his past and never stopped. He wasn't huge, but every muscle seemed developed on his nearly hairless body. I wondered if he shaved himself because Leisa sure didn't. She had blonde hair all over her nicely tanned body: her arms, her thighs, at the small of her back (I notice everything). But it looked sexy on her fit body.
"OK, well," I picked up the conversation, "I guess I will have to board up the bedroom windows then."
Marla laughed and continued to get dressed for work, and so did I.
******
When I pulled into the driveway I saw Marla talking to Leisa on Leisa's front lawn. Leisa looked like she was about to go running (probably for the second time today) and Marla was doing a lot of listening. I walked over, of course, because Leisa looked fantastic in her workout outfit: tight black running gear that hugged every inch of her body and made her tits look even bigger. I could see the freckles that topped the beginning curves of her breasts.
"Hi, sweetie, Leisa was just telling me about her workout routine. I'm going to start!"
Leisa looked my way. "Yes, I'm going to pick up some workout clothes for her at a place where I get a discount and we're going to start running twice a day. You should join us."
I smiled. Running was my least favorite thing. "Well, you ladies get it started and I will join in at some point. Thanks for the offer though."
Leisa smiled at Marla. "Let me know your sizes and I will get the outfits. Come over later this evening and you can try them on."
"Sounds good. Thank you so much."
"Well, sometimes all we need is a little motivation." With that Leisa took off running and Marla joined me as we walked into the house. As we entered the kitchen Marla said, "you can't tell me you don't want me to look like that! I mean, her body is perfect."
"Hey, hey, what's makes you think I don't think you have the perfect body? I have a lot of fun with your body, you know." I put my arms around her and kissed her. She snuggled me back as we heard a lawnmower starting up next door. "Sounds like John is mowing the grass. Going to watch?"
"Do you want me to?" Marla asked playfully.
"You want to. Go ahead and watch. Just tell me what you see." Marla walked over to the window and adjusted the blinds so she could get a clear view into the neighbors' backyard. It didn't take long before I noticed her hand almost mechanically go to her breast. That surprised me a bit. We joked about her watching, but it appeared that she actually did watch and maybe had been for some time.
"Yes, John is mowing the grass, all-right," she said non-chalantly.
"Is that it?"
She continued. "His shirt is off. He's just wearing shorts, maybe swim trunks?"
"What do you notice about him?"
"His arms look very muscular. So does his chest. He's smooth all over, no hair at all. He's sweating a bit."
"Pull up the blinds, you'll get a better view," I offered, as a joke. I thought. But Marla began pulling the blinds up. Now she was in full view if he happened to look up at the window. Her hand went right back to her breast, still rubbing and watching.
"I've never seen such muscular legs on a man, must be all the running."
She was fixated. I wondered how far she was willing to go?
"If you want, you should remove your blouse and bra. I wouldn't mind watching you play with your nipples."
She turned to me for a moment, studying me in an instant to see if I was truly serious. I never blinked or took my eyes from her. Next, she turned back to the window and started to unbutton the blouse, letting it drop to the floor. A moment later, the bra went too. My beautiful wife was now standing at the open window watching our neighbor cut his grass. She had both hands on her breasts and was pinching her nipples. I could tell her breathing was getting heavier. I noticed her black skirt zipped in back and stood behind her and unzipped it. It fell around her ankles and she stepped out of it. Now she was standing nude except for her black lace panties and high heels. I moved back to the bed and just watched. One hand went down to her panties and inside.
"You want to touch him, don't you?"
She hesitated. "Yes. If you want me to."
"Oh, I do. I want you to put your hands on his muscular chest. Would you like that?"
She nodded. Our bedroom window is fairly tall, stopping just above where Marla's knees were. She was now fully massaging her pussy and squeezing her breasts, her eyes closed in passion. I could tell she wasn't far from cumming. Then the lawnmower stopped. Marla opened her eyes and froze. John was looking straight at her. He waved.
Marla dove for the bed and let out a shriek.
"Oh my god! He saw me! He saw me!"
I hugged her nearly naked body close and whispered to her.
"And you loved it. You loved watching him. You loved that he saw you. He saw your big, beautiful tits. Your hard nipples. He saw you pleasuring yourself as you imagined being with him."
Marla closed her eyes again and started to massage her clit again as I said these words. I had no idea she would be so turned on.
"Give me your cock. Now!" she commanded. I slipped my pants off and positioned myself between her legs, moved her panties aside and plunged into the wettest pussy I've ever entered. I was the hardest I've been in a long, long time. Not only because of her performance watching John and his seeing her, but that fact that our other neighbor was watching her the whole time from his backyard across the way. He's in his 60s and harmless but not dead, obviously, from the bulge I could make out in the front of his pants. Marla was displaying herself to the neighborhood and it turned me on more than I could imagine. I was blinded by lust now and pounded her hard.
"Do me, John! Fuck me!" she screamed, lost in her fantasy. I loved it. I looked out the window quickly, and while I knew John couldn't see us anymore, Garry, the older man, sure could. Our bed was framed perfectly for him to watch and he still was, trying not to be obvious about it. I told Marla to turn around and get on her knees. I positioned myself behind her and drove into her pussy again. I worked her into a position where she was upright, exposing her big tits to Garry as I continued to pound her. I was looking straight at him when we climaxed together.
Marla and I fell into a heap on the bed, exhausted like we've never been after sex.
"I want every time to be like that," she smiled at me. Then her phone started buzzing. She looked at the screen.
"It's Leisa."
(to be continued)