The four of us were enjoying a weekend at a lake house. While we were good friends and each couple had been sexually open in front of each other, this was the first time we really had decided to open our sex to include all of us. We had laid out several fantasies we wanted to experience and in the morning had enjoyed watching the two husbands have oral sex while we helped, coached, and watched. We had agreed that the husbands' fantasy of having their wives be fucked by the other husband would be the core of the afternoon fun.
After our lunch and a comfortable rest that included some more hot tub time, we played several games of cards to determine which husband would be first to watch his wife have sex and Jake won narrowly, so we now knew that my husband Mack would first fuck Tina and then Jake would fuck me. There was a more relaxed feeling now than for our morning experience when the two husbands sucked each other in a sixty-nine, but there was still enough excitement to keep a bit of an edge.
While men are more visually focused, I knew that both Tina and I were very visual, for women, and that this was going to be special for all of us. We had decided that Jake would start by cuddling and making out with Tina and as soon as he felt she would be feeling excited, he would ask her if he could give her body to Mack. So, when we all went into the bedroom, Jake and Tina laid down first and Mack and I cuddled in a seated position beside them, both watching them and making out a bit as we did. Jake held Tina and stroked her shoulders, but avoided her breasts and pussy. After a few minutes, Tina was leaning into Jake and pressing her front onto his body to increase the closeness.
Jake whispered to her, though we could not hear, we understood and he looked at Mack and nodded. They quietly changed places and Mack lay beside Tina and began to make out with her. Soon, Mack moved to cup Tina's breasts and stooped to take her nipples between his lips, she writhed and opened her legs around his hip. Jake asked her if she was ready and she nodded.
After Tina laid on her back and opened her legs, Jake put his hand on her mound and began to stroke it. While Mack knelt between her legs, Jake spread Tina's lips and inner labia and using her juices, spread her lubrication around her vulva. Mack brought his hard cock close to Tina's vagina and Jake gently grasped Mack's cock and led him with one hand into Tina's pussy being held open by his other hand. The head of Mack's cock entered and an inch or so of shaft followed. Jake didn't breathe, Tina gasped, and my breathing was excitedly hurried as I watched my Mack enter Tina completely with short in and out strokes that went deeper each time. When he had his entire cock inside of her, Tina moaned in pleasure and whispered "fuck me, now!"
I held Jake and cupped his balls as we watched the sex dance our mates started. In the intensity of the event, I knew that both Mack and Tina would not last long, but they fucked slowly for only a very short time before the plunging became urgent and the sound of Mack's balls slapping Tina's bottom was constantly increasing. I wanted to reach around and caress Mack's balls, but was afraid that would make him cum even sooner. Already I was sure he would cum before Tina. And, with a guttural "Ohhhh FUCK!" Mack tensed his butt cheeks and pressed solidly into Tina and began to cum. He plunged in and out a few times, but held the position inside her longer each time until his load was deep in her. Gentleman that Mack is, even before he began to recover, he pulled out of Tina and scooted lower on the bed to place his mouth on her pussy and began to bring her to her orgasm licking her pussy and moving up to suck on her clit.
Tina brought her hands to her nipples and raised her hips into Mack's tongue and lips. Each tensing of her hips was higher and longer than the previous until she stiffened and shook with orgasm. The power of her orgasm brought her to squirting onto and into Mack's face and mouth and he captured all he could. Tina began to cry tears reflecting the intensity she felt, she held Mack's hair to pull his face close to her mound, but for only a moment. She soon pushed his head away and closed her legs to protect her overly sensitive clit from more stimulation. Mack laid back, spent. Tina was still crying. And Jake and I held each other.
Jake whispered "Shit, what the fuck did we just see?"
"I have no idea," I answered "but they sure look like they got hit by a truck."
Gradually, Mack and then Tina regained their composure. As they became more aware of where we were and what we had all just seen or done, we ended up morphing into a pile of four bodies all hugging and snuggling as we began to chat and laugh at our pure pleasure.
In our enjoying the afterglow, I didn't really notice as both Jake and Mack had begun to draw closer to me and stroke my back and shoulders. But by the time they had started on my knees and thighs, I was aware and enjoying the joint efforts to get me excited. It was working; my skin began to tingle and I started to feel warm. I leaned back on Mack and after a moment laid back on the mattress, sandwiched between the two men, relaxing and sinking into the slow stroking of my body. I guess I was not really thinking about how I would be brought into the play time, but this was about as good as it could get. I wasn't counting the hands, but I became aware that there was new stroking and caressing and sure enough, I noticed Tina was massaging my right breast and playing with my nipple, the sensations were mounting so quickly. One of the men, which one I couldn't tell, was actually fingering in my vagina. I thought he was gathering my juices to spread lubrication around my mound and pussy. Things were moving so quickly.
Mack laid along side me and french kissed me deeply. He whispered "Are you ready, Hun?" and then kissed my neck and behind my ear.
I turned to him and hoarsely whispered back "I need to be fucked so bad. I need it now!"
"I know," he answered and he kissed me back.
Mack sat up next to my hips and began to massage my inner thighs to open them. His fingers opened my pussy lips and then spread and stretched my inner lips. He must have motioned Jake to move, I didn't see it, but I could feel strong thighs between mine and Mack used his other hand to grasp Jake's cock and I could feel his fingers guide the cock head between my labia and I could feel Mack's fingers against my vulva as Jake slid his shaft into me. As Jake's cock entered me, I could feel his crown pass my opening and his shaft pushed it deeper and deeper as he went in and out repeatedly. Each trip in went further than the previous penetration. Each move backing out removed the breath from my lungs and was followed by the moan of the next, deeper penetration. I wrapped my legs around Jake's hips and tried to pull him closer and hold him deep, but his male strength overwhelmed my strength and we began that primal dance that fucking turns into. I grew desperate to cum, I wanted my orgasm so badly that I was focusing on those inches of flesh that entered my body and I pictured what it must be like. My mind wandered to the fact that since our marriage, this was the first and only cock to enter my pussy other than Mack's. And Mack was watching, no, Mack was helping me fuck this cock. My nipples rubbed against Jake's chest. We continued in our humping.
Tracy put her hand on my small breast and I drew closer to my goal. I was more desperate than ever. We humped with a fever pitch. Suddenly, it must have been Mack, I felt a hand on my bottom. It inched to my anus and tickled my hole. I could hold off no longer, I shrieked. I don't know what I yelled, but I know I yelled. My pussy pulsed around Jake's cock shaft and tried to pull it deeper. I almost passed out.
I felt the hand that had put me over the edge as it cupped Jake's balls and I heard Jake yell "FUUUUCCKK!" His cock began to spurt and I instinctively pulled it as deep as I could, urging Jake's semen into the core of my body. Jake began to soften and as he rolled off of me, his softening cock allowed our mixed juices to come out of me. I felt the sticky, warm evidence of our sex and smiled at the pleasure it represented.
My eyes were closed and I felt a head between my thighs and felt lips on my vulva. I thought that either Mack or Jake was cleaning me, and offering a tongue massage to my clit in the effort. I had several mini-orgasms from the oral attention and they served to merely deepen and prolong the glow I felt. I reached down to caress the head of the man giving me this wonderful gift. As I caressed the loving head of this gentle attendant, I realized neither man had this much hair nor this long and I opened my eyes and raised my head enough to look and see it was Tina. I moaned aloud and went into another strong orgasm at the eroticism of the moment. I looked side to side and saw that Mack was masturbating his cock at the scene before him; and even though his was not hard, Jake was eagerly squeezing and stretching his soft penis as well.
All I could do was lay back and moan "Oh, my, fuck. Oh, my . . ."
After a couple of minutes, Tina had cleaned me to her, and MY, satisfaction and she sidled up beside me and wrapped me in a gentle, loving hug. We both fell asleep just like that and the guys quietly got up and let us nap.
When I awoke, Tina felt me move and woke up as well. When I knew she was also awake, I told her that what she had done was remarkable and how it had been so powerful. I leaned into her and kissed her out of my honest feelings for what she had done.
We got up and joined the guys. They were sitting on the deck sharing beers and they seemed very happy we had napped and awakened refreshed. They got us some more wine and we all sat and recalled the wonderful highlights of our day. Suppertime was coming soon and Tina and I decided to put together some pasta, salad, and garlic bread. This time we ate indoors and after cleanup, we climbed back into the hot tub to watch the sunset. We spent the evening with our own spouses, hugging, sated, and so very relaxed.
"Jan and I want to spend some time together before we go to sleep tonight" Tina said "and then let's have a good night's sleep and see what tomorrow brings?" What could the guys say but that they couldn't wait. We got out of the hot tub, dried off and went in to watch an HBO movie.
After the movie we went in to go to bed and all four of us piled into the double-gang shower and everybody washed everybody, we played some grab-ass, and acted like teenagers. As we got out, everyone was drying each other and eventually, Tina and I were drying each other and hugging, kissing, and licking each other. We made it to the bed and as we lay down in each other's arms, we felt the men lay down on both sides of us. I eased myself end for end to put us in a sixty-nine position and pulled Tina's legs around my shoulders. As my lips went to her pussy, I felt her on my slit just like she had been earlier.
I did what felt natural and I tried to be aware of everything Tina did and figure out how to do the same. In no time, we were curling our hips into each other to get closer and more contact. I felt my pelvis start to shake and I knew I was close to coming. Tina was alternately putting her tongue in my vagina and rubbing it around my clit, repeating the action in a cycle that was driving me hotter and hotter. When I felt Tina's pelvis pulsing, I knew she was close. I knew Tina might well squirt and I readied myself to take her juices when they came, savoring the thought that our fucking was causing this desire and coming release. The last time she went to my clit, she stayed there and her hand reached around my hip to delicately tease my anus and I was far over the edge. I held on for dear life and concentrated on her clit. The way my hand was holding her buttock, I moved my thumb back and forth over the area between her slit and her anus and she lost it.
I went into a mode where I was gliding back to earth as I was drinking and swallowing my lover's pussy juices. I know we were sort of a mess and Jake got up and brought back two hot, steamy wash clothes. Each of the guys used them to freshen up his own wife, tenderly readying us for our first night's sleep as a foursome. We all got situated with our heads at the top of the bed and I kissed Tina goodnight and then we both rolled into the arms of our husband and went to sleep.
What could tomorrow bring? What could it possibly bring to top this day?