Hi, my name is Raj and I am 23 yrs old. I live in Bangalore with my parents. I have a younger sister, Sonal who is 21 yrs old. She studies in a college in Delhi.
I am an average built guy with an average sized penis. I have never had any experience with a girl maybe due to which I am a bit addicted to masturbation. But I don't like a quick masturbation, like just open your zip or lower your pants and have a quick jerk. I like to get nude and enjoy a long session, playing with it, hardening it, before getting to climax. I like to reach to the climax, then stop for a while and then start over again. This I repeat many times before I can't stop it and then explode.
The time I last again depends on how excited I am at that time. Sometime I last a min or 2, sometimes I last over 15 mins. On an average I last about 10 mins. Though I have a small-average sized penis, the amount of cum I shoot is quite good and thick.
Since I like to get nude and spend time, I generally don't get many opportunities to do that. Since I work on weekdays, there is hardly any time to spend although I do masturbate sometimes during night. The only time I get to enjoy freely is on weekends when on one of the days my parents goes to market and i am completely alone at home. In those times, I go to my room, slowly get completely naked while watching some porn or Indian MMS and enjoy and masturbate.
--
It was one such Saturday morning (about 11 AM) when my parents had gone to market and I decided to utilize this time. I went to my room and started my laptop and opened some of the Indian porn sites. Slowly I got into the mood and was naked in no time. I lay on my bed with my penis upright and into my palm. I was softly stroking it getting excited with every erotic scene I was watching. When I was almost there I stopped and stood for a while to let the pressure subside.
When I sat and glanced at my window, I felt I saw a mane of hair run by in the house on the other side. Since I wasn't sure that I really did see someone, after few moments I resumed. Concentrated on my job I didn't notice that someone indeed was there on the window in the adjacent house who had come back to take a peek. I never noticed the person there and didn't even realize I was being watched.
When I was about to come in about a min, I heard the doorbell rang. I cursed the person who had interrupted me at such a time. I had to stop, get clothed fast and open the door. It was the washer man who had come to deliver the ironed clothes. Muttering under my breath I thought to go back to where I had left, but I noticed my parents' car turn into the road with which I realized that the opportunity was lost.
--
Generally I would have had to wait for another week for an opportunity like this. But I had a day off in the next week. That day my mother had also planned a kitty party (a party where all the ladies have a day off on one of the house, they play and enjoy), so I had another opportunity at my hand.
I went to my room and opened my laptop. By the time I opened the sites, I saw a girl in the house on the other side (the same from where someone was watching me last time). Her back was turned to my side with her beautiful long hair flowing down her back. I thought for a moment as to whether she was the one there the other day. I decided to find out and so pretended to be engrossed in the site and unaware about anything else. I took off my shorts and was sitting in my boxers waiting for her to turn over.
After many agonizing moments, I realized that she was about to turn and I timed myself to take off my boxers to coincide with her turning to face my room. And surely she watched me as I took off my boxers. I started playing with my penis as she kept watching me. I felt more excited than ever on knowing that there is someone out there who is watching me as I am playing with myself.
To give her a better show I took off my shirt as well and lay on my back on the bed. In order to tease her or say test her, I took a glance in her direction and she also quickly hid behind the curtains. I was amused at her reaction and thought to get back to my job partly so that she comes back to see me and mostly due to the point, that this time I shouldn't get interrupted like last time. I didn't know whether she would come back to watch me or would go off. Once I resumed, I looked towards her from the corner of my eye and saw that she was watching me secretively from behind the curtains.
After few minutes of pure thrill and excitement I knew I was about to cum. The sensation was too strong and I was also not in a situation to stop it lest I waste the shoot. The pressure was too huge; I felt my legs bending and my crotch area moving upwards. With a huge cry, I let out the pressure and landed flat on the bed. I exploded like I have never done before. I saw my cum shoot to 2-3 foot and land straight back on my stomach and chest. The quantity was huge and thick and I was completely exhausted by it. I think I saw her mouth wide open when I had shot the load, maybe she had never seen some one cum. I saw her leave after a min and I lay on my back, exhausted and happy for some while with cum all over my hands and body.
I had shown myself to other girls and boys over webcam in yahoo chat rooms and had even stripped and masturbated but I had never done this live. This was a completely new feeling and to be living so close to the girl for whom I had put on a show was quite exciting.
--
After a few days, in the evening I had gone to the nearby departmental store to get some groceries. As I took the stuff and stepped out of the shop, I saw her standing in front of me just few feet away. Our eyes met and in that we relived the last week's moment. Although I knew she was always there, probably she also now realized that I knew she had been watching that day.
Let me describe her to you. She was in a pink and white salwar kameez and looked absolutely ravishing. She was of average height 5'2'' maybe 5'3'' but with beautiful curves all over. She was quite busty maybe D cups and with near hour glass figure. Beautiful than most of the actresses than I have seen, she can mesmerize you with her captivating blue eyes. I don't think anyone can take their eyes off her once they have looked into her eyes. This is what happened to me, she seems to be saying something but I was so engulfed in her beauty that I never really heard what she said.
Ultimately she had to shake me to get me out of my dream, which is one touch which I had never felt before. She then politely asked me to move aside as I was blocking the entrance to the shop. I never took off my eyes off her though moved sideways to allow her to go in.
--
At night I was up late and saw her strolling in the room with a book in her hand, I think it was her bedroom. She was in a black nighty with a cut in the dress to reveal sides of her beautiful silky smooth legs as she walked. I was already excited since the evening and this really turned me on. I don't think I wanted to give her a show at this time, so that she doesn't realize that this time I reliving myself thinking of her. So I waited till she went out of sight or out of her room (I didn't had any curtains in my room to shout her out of sight, maybe it's time to put on some for times like this).
After few minutes she did went out and this time, I didn't get completely nude because was super excited and in a hurry. I simply lowered my shorts and boxers and stood in the room stroking it well. I never realized that she had simply gone to get some water and was back in no time. She stood there in hiding watching me as I was vigorously stroking my tool.
This time though it was not a perfect show to her since it was almost a side-back view. She could look perfectly at my ass but only a side view of my penis that also not very clearly. I don't know whether she had a view of the head or of the shot I let out in a few minutes. I never looked at her room while reliving myself. I then cleaned the mess and then turned to look at her. But the lights in her room was off, probably she had gone to sleep, unknown to me she was well awake thinking of what she had just seen.
--
Did I get to meet her again? Did I see her in that black nighty again? Will she be able to see me naked again shooting my load all over the place? Come back soon to find out.