Introduction
My older sister Sofia was a bratty popular girl. I hate to admit it, but she was smoking hot and she knew it. She was about 5'8" 120LBs. She had dark features and tan skin. Her hair was long, thick, and straight. Most of her weight was stored in her natural D-cup breasts and toned peachy ass. She had a proportionately skinny waist and a pretty face. By all accounts, she was as pretty as anyone from our town.
Sofia stayed with our parents during the summer. She walked around the house like she owned the place. She was 21 and had already been away at college for a couple of years. I was freshly 18 at the time. She would call me all sorts of names, exclude me from things, and other typical older sibling stuff. Being her younger brother was frustrating. Eventually, I had enough and plotted my revenge.
One night, I planted spyware on her laptop and began digging through photos and texts until I came across a locked folder. I was able to find the password through keystroke history and view the contents. The folder held an MP4 of my sister being fucked on my parent's bed by a guy from her school. If anyone were to get their hands on this, her reputation would be ruined.
Our parents would be gone all week. I decided now was the perfect time to blackmail her with her sex tape. She went ghostly white when I pulled up the video. She threatened to do all sorts of terrible things to me if I didn't delete it. I knew deep down there was nothing she could do to me if I had this tape. I told her if she did not obey me this week then I would send the video to our parents. If they knew that she fucked someone in their bed they would not let her go back to college at the very least. We came to an unspoken agreement. The best week of my life would begin in less than 24 hours.
Chapter 1: Monday
I spent the rest of Sunday night planning my revenge. Seeing her naked and compromised burned into my memory. My parents left us some money and chores to complete while they were gone. I hated cleaning and so did my sister. She normally forced my hand because she was older. This time I was in charge.
I thought up a way to kill two birds with one stone. I decided to make her my maid for the day. She would clean the house in an outfit of my choosing. I made her wear a skimpy maid outfit that I overnighted from Amazon. I bought it with some of the money our parents left us. It was a two-piece set with a thin black latex skirt that had white frilly trim along the bottom edges. The waistline was a tight elastic with white accents matching the other edges of the skirt. The top matched the bottom. It had puffy shoulders with white trim around all the openings. The set came with a couple of accessories. It came with a bow tie choker for her neck, a matching bow collar for her thigh, and a cute black and white headband. I grabbed uncomfortable-looking black ankle-strap heels from my mom's closet. She wore them when she was much younger but no longer used them. There was no underwear with the set and I would not let her wear hers either. I presented the assignment to her once the package arrived.
"What the fuck? I'll clean the house, but I'm not wearing that you horny little shit!
"If you're going to be a maid you should be dressed appropriately. Besides, I think it'll look great on you. I bet it'll be freeing to have nothing on under that mini-skirt. Look, it'll only be for a few hours. I promise I won't send this video to Mom and Dad if you do."
An extreme look of frustration came over my sister. She had no idea what to do. Ultimately, she couldn't afford to have my parents find out.
"Fine!"
She stormed off to the bathroom. I waited patiently until I heard the clicking of her heels head towards the living room. It was hotter than I imagined. She hobbled towards me in my mother's retired shoes. Her tits bulged out of her small top. Her sexy shaven legs were on full display. She constantly adjusted the short skirt in a useless effort to cover herself. If she bent over all of her embarrassing parts would be visible. She gritted her teeth at me as I checked her out.
"Don't look at me like that you punk. Let's just get this over with."
I had one last piece to complete her outfit. Her disparaging words would be put on hold. I walked behind her as she tried covering herself with the skirt. While her mouth was open, I strapped a red ball gag in her mouth.
"Don't try to sneak a peak back there you perv! I'm not some showgirl...mffmm...ughff!!"
She crossed her arms, shook her head, and rolled her eyes at me in disgust. Considering what she was already wearing, the ball gag wasn't a big deal. There were no attempts made to remove it. Instead, she stood there waiting impatiently to get this over with.
She began in the kitchen wiping down the counters and other surfaces. She squatted while unloading the dishwasher so I couldn't watch her bend over. Despite her attempts to avoid revealing positions, I made her clean the floor with a hand brush. I stood over her while she scrubbed on all fours. Her skirt only covered the top half of her ass. The bottom half of her ass and part of her pussy was exposed. Her face was red with embarrassment.
I supervised her as she stumbled around in her heels while vacuuming, taking the trash out, and doing my laundry. I caught her trying to take breaks a couple of times. I met her misbehavior with a surprise slap on the bum. She gave me a mean grin but got right back to work.
We wrapped up the day with my bathroom. She got on her knees while she cleaned my smelly toilet. I had not cleaned it in over a month. My intrusive thoughts got the best of me while she scrubbed my hairy shower floor. I decided to turn the cold water on while she wasn't looking. I heard a muffled screech as it rained down on her half-naked body.
"MHHHH!"
She slipped while trying to escape the freezing cold water. She floundered on the wet floor desperately trying to get out. Her skirt had flipped up leaving her lower body completely exposed. She scrambled to cover herself as she regained her balance. Although she eventually got control of her skirt, I had more than enough time to examine her lady parts. Her pussy was immaculate and her ass was perfectly shaped. I couldn't help, but get a boner. Once she crawled out of the shower, I removed the ball gag. Out of breath, she looked up at me with runny makeup and disdain.
"Congrats, you've gotten your revenge! You can delete that video now. This is much more humiliating than that. My younger brother staring at my pussy while I flail on his bathroom floor. Oh, and your bathroom is disgusting by the way. I can't believe you live like this you animal!"
A light flicked on in my head. Calling me an animal was an interesting choice of words. Maybe one of these days I'll make her my animal.
Chapter 2: Tuesday
After a successful first day, I pondered my plans for the rest of the week. While I found watching her clean in the humiliating outfit I provided erotic, I caught myself wanting more. Staring at her cute ass and bulging tits was such a tease. A slap here or there was simply not enough. I devised a way to slowly work her guard down.
I waited for her in the living room. She eventually emerged from her room with pajama pants and a white crop top with no bra.
"Good morning loser. Don't get any weird ideas today. I'm leaving at 1 pm for Jessica's bday."
I told her I'd be quick. If she cooperated with me this morning, I wouldn't bother her for the rest of the day. She rolled her eyes but heard me out.
"I want you to take those pants off and get over my knees. I am going to spank you for bullying me my whole life."
"No, the fuck you are not! You slapped my ass plenty of times yesterday. Why don't you grow up and move on?"
"If you won't let me then I guess you can be my maid again. You wouldn't be able to go to Jessica's though."
"Ugh! You're such a piece of shit! Fine, let's get this over with. Do not hit me too hard I swear to god."
"Yes! I promise not to hit you too hard under one condition. When I spank you I want you to count and thank me with a 'Thank you Sir'."
Sofia was in disbelief. She found my demands ridiculous and weird. She mocked me for suggesting she count.
"Do you want me to suck your dick too? I guess I'll just do whatever you say like a slave. You really are sick."
She watched as my eyes lit up. Nothing excited me more than the idea of making her my slave.
"Whatever. Forget what I said. Let's get this over with."
She took her pants off revealing her black lace panties. I bent her over my knees and held her ass in the palm of my hands. I spanked her 20 times. She counted and thanked me for each one. This was the perfect disguise for playing with my sister's ass.
"Whack!"
"1! Thank you, Sir!"
"Whack!"
"2! Thank you, Sir!"
"Whack!"
"3! Thank you, Sir!"
With each slap, I felt her tits bounce against my leg. Her tone gradually weakened until she worked up tears. By the end, her face was as red as each of her cheeks. She slid off my knees onto the floor. She kneeled and winced at me as she recovered from her stinging ass.
*Sniff* "Ok are we done now? I did what you asked can I go?"
Feeling her tits bounce against my leg changed things. I had to seize my opportunity while I had it.
"One last thing! I went quickly as a favor, but I want one from you. I want to see your boobs again."
"Oh, no way! You said this was it! I'm not showing my tits off to my little brother."
"I'm sorry I forgot to say it in the beginning. I've already seen them on video just let me see them one more time! It's not that big of a deal."
She gave me a silent death stare. I could tell she knew what was coming. If she didn't comply, I would blackmail her anyway. Besides, this wasn't as intense as the spanking she just had.
"Fine!"
Her top came off with ease. Her tits flopped onto her chest. Her beautiful nipples hardened. She tied up her hair and held her hands on her head giving me an unobstructed view.
She stared at the ground and blushed. I grabbed at them without thinking. My sister caught my hands before I could reach them.
"Hey! I didn't say you could touch them. Stop it!"
"Oh come on! I just played with your butt what's the difference if I touch your boobs. I'll make them feel good I promise."
Each time she thought she was done I introduced another ask slightly worse than the first. She was a rat chasing cheese. The cheese in this case was preserving her compromised reputation.
"Go ahead, but make it quick! I can't believe I'm letting you get away with this."
I jiggled and squeezed her heavy boobs. She wiggled from the feeling of my active hands. I soon moved onto her nipples. I teased them which evoked moans.
"Uhhh...uh...uhh. Careful they're sensitive!"
Her moans motivated me to create more. I flicked and teased her nipples with my fingers until she couldn't handle it anymore.
"Uhhhh...oh...oh...Ok ok, that's enough! You've had your fun now let me go."
I had gotten what I wanted. Unfortunately for her, it was still early. I didn't want to release her just yet. I decided to make her my footstool until she went to Jessica's.
"I know I said one last thing, but I changed my mind. I'm sorry just bear with me. Since you cooperated I'll let you go to Jessica's like I agreed. Until then, however, I want you to be my footstool."
"I just let you play with my tits half-naked on the floor and that's not enough? At some point, this has to stop. I was joking about the slave thing I can't keep doing this."
The truth is she was my slave and she knew it. As long as I had that video, she couldn't oppose me.
"I promise this is it. You don't have to listen to me for the rest of the day I swear."
She didn't say another word. She got on all fours. Her tits dangled like utters on a cow. Her red ass was covered only by her skimpy black panties. She flinched as I kicked my feet up on her back. I made her sit there for an hour while I watched TV.
As promised, I let her go once the morning had concluded. I was successfully imposing my will on her little by little. If I asked her to get fully naked she probably would at this point. There was not much separation between her and a pet. I decided it may finally be time to give that a try.
Chapter 3: Wednesday
We were now 2 full days into the humiliation of my sister. Playing with her body wasn't enough. I desired complete control over her. I thought more about what my sister said on Monday.
"I can't believe you live like this you animal!"
Pet play had been a sneaky huge fantasy of mine for a long time. Seeing my sister on all fours with her tits out was something I had to see again. I figured it would be a big step up, but I was willing to take the chance. If she went along with being my pet for a day, I am not sure what she wouldn't do.
I shopped around for some accessories that would enhance the experience. First of which was a long furry black tail that draped to the ground. I got the smallest metal plug for it to make sure it would fit in her ass. I bought a ring gag that would reveal her pretty pink tongue and force her to drool. I bought black cloth mittens with matching knee-length black socks. They both had pink paw prints on the hands and feet which I found super cute. My sister already had black cat ears from Halloween last year. I already had a black leash and collar from dogsitting the neighbor's dog. With this, I had everything I needed to make her my pet.
I awoke early to retrieve the goods. As usual, my sister emerged from her bedroom in her PJs as I waited in the living room. She had a more sheepish look than normal.
"Good morning Jimmy. Did you sleep well?"
She was being nice to me all of a sudden. I guess my plan was working. We had a positive conversation about Jessica's. For a moment it felt like we were friends. I quickly realized she was trying to distract me. If I felt bad for her maybe I wouldn't embarrass her any further. Unfortunately for her, the horny boy in me prevailed. I gave her my plans for the day. She pleaded with me hoping I would change my mind.
"Can I please just do your chores for you? I'd even wear the maid outfit again or let you see my boobs. Please don't make me your pet. I promise I've learned my lesson."
I had her right where I wanted her. My work over the last two days had worn her down. Her willingness to compromise indicated that I had the leverage. I insisted that she would have to follow my rules.
"I'm sorry, but your boobs are not enough for me anymore. They weren't as nice as I thought they'd be. Besides, I'll get to see them anyway if you're my naked little kitty."
I presented the equipment I purchased. I withheld the tail for now. I took things one step at a time to avoid overwhelming her.
"I'll wear this stuff, but can I please wear underwear? It's embarrassing enough having to be your pet. I don't want my pussy hanging out on top of it."
My sister begging me to wear clothes was outrageously sensual. Her combativeness had faded. Things would only get worse if she continued to reject my demands.
"Unfortunately animals don't wear clothes. This is payback from you calling me an animal the other day. Go put this on and crawl back to the living room unless you want another spanking."
She bowed her head and left the room. My excitement raged on. Pre-cum lined my boxers as I waited for her to change. This was the ultimate power trip. Finally, I saw her cute little cat ears poke around the corner. Her hands and legs were covered with the black fabric. The ring gag was firmly strapped around her face. Her tongue dangled out of her mouth as a result. The leash connected to her collar dragged across the floor. Her breasts swung as she crawled towards me.
"Now that's what I'm talking about! You're so adorable! I promise to be nice as long as you obey me. I'll turn you back into a human when we're done today."
Her eyes darted around. She had a hard time looking at me from the ground. Her face was flushed with embarrassment and concern. I felt it was time to introduce the plug. To this point, I hadn't put anything inside her. I made sure to save this for last to avoid her backing out. I snuck behind her with the lubed-up plug and slowly twisted it in. Her head swung around in shock. All she could do was moan and groan with the ring in her mouth. She wiggled as I forced it in. She had an incredibly tight asshole. Thank god I got the smallest size. Eventually, it sunk into her. She had tears well up in her eyes and was breathing heavily. I felt a little bad not warning her about the tail up front, but it was for her own good.
Her new look was intoxicating. I couldn't help but pet my new kitten. Her body twitched from my cold hands. I rubbed her smooth naked back while I worked my way around to her dangling jugs. I fondled them to her displeasure. In time, I made my way back to her rear. Her pussy was so beautifully pink. I couldn't help but touch her lips and inner thighs. She continued to tear up as I violated her. While staring at her face, I couldn't help but look deep into her mouth. I stuck my fingers in until I reached the back of her warm throat. She choked and whined until I pulled them out.
"Shhhh! Calm down. You're ok sweetheart. I'll take good care of you."
I got things started by having her lap up some milk. She whined in frustration as I made her drink out of a dish on the floor. I held her leash from behind taking in the scenes of her vulnerable genitals. Her nipples touched the floor as she bent over.
Things spiraled from there. I had her on all fours all day. Her tail swayed with her hips and tits as she crawled at my side. She lay at my feet while I watched TV. At some point, she had to pee. She didn't know how to tell me with the ring in her mouth so she pawed my leg to get my attention.
"Do you have to go potty Sofia?"
She nodded and mumbled. I picked up her leash and had her follow me to the guest bathroom. I set a pee pad down for her so she could pee like a kitten as well.
"Good kittens pee in their litter box. I don't have one for you so this pad will have to suffice."
I placed her on the pad and held her there. I could see the gears turning in her head. Peeing on the floor with me watching was enough for her to throw in the towel. She had given up so much of her pride already it would all be for nothing if she conceded now. She got into a squat and tinkled on the pad. I wasn't sure I could ever top this moment. My longtime bully of an older sister was peeing on the floor like a naked animal while I held her leash.
She sunk back to all fours in shame. I praised her while I gave her a few pats on her bottom.
"Awe you're such a good girl Sofia! You managed to get it all on the pad on your first try!"
I took her ring gag off. I wanted to hear her cry for help after what she just did.
"Oh my god! Jimmy this is way too much! I understand I can't let Mom and Dad see that video, but this is insane. I cannot believe you made me pee in front of you! This stuff is permanent I'll never be able to forget this. Please stop I can't do this anymore."
She shed tears as she begged for her release. I figured I could capitalize on this moment. Seeing the inside of her warm slobbering mouth did something to me. I wanted to feel it with more than just my fingers. My rock-hard penis screamed in my pants hoping to be let out. I decided to escalate things a step further.
"I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you. I just needed to prove a point. I can end this right now, but I need you to do something for me ok? The other day you asked me if I wanted you to suck my dick. From that moment, that's all I've thought about. It won't take me long. If you blow me I will let you go."
"No! No! No! Why is this happening to me? I don't deserve this! You're using me like a cheap whore. I'm your sister you should look out for me. Please let me do something else!"
"If you want you can be my kitten for the rest of the day. If you have to pee we'll use the pad. I will feed you the canned dog food we have for the neighbors. I'll let you sleep on the floor next to my bed. I'll even take you for a late-night walk outside. This can all be over now if you can get over your fear of my penis."
Eventually, she sucked up her tears and gave in to my offer. She may not have realized it at the time, but this was the point of no return.
"Fuck! Fine, I'll do it. I can't let anyone else see me like this. Please be gentle."
She crawled behind me as we headed back to the couch. I stood in front of her and pulled out my throbbing cock. I stroked it while she got up on her knees. She stared reluctantly. I slapped her in the face with it a couple of times to get her attention. She eventually opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around my shaft. I could have cum right then and there, but I held out as long as I could. I wanted to savor this moment. She moved her lips and tongue up and down my cock. My tip hit the back of her throat a few times causing her to gag. The blowjob was clumsy as if she hadn't given many before. My expectations were much higher. With that said, all it took was one moment of eye contact for me to reach my breaking point. I lost control and filled her mouth with my seed. Her eyes opened wide as she caught all of it. She swallowed without my direction and spit out my cock.
"Ughh! That's so gross! You have to warn me that's not fair! I'm following your word why won't you take it easy on me? When this week is over we have to go back to normal life. Please Jimmy I'm so humiliated and disgusted with myself."
My desires had raged out of control. I didn't care what happened after this week. I would take advantage of her as much as possible before my parents returned.
Chapter 4: Thursday
My sister didn't give great blowjobs, but it didn't matter to me. I became addicted to that feeling. It was now day 4 of my sister's humiliating week. Sofia peered her head out of her room to find me in the living room as usual. The door closed for a moment before opening again. My sister came out in just her underwear.
"What are you going to make me do today? I didn't even bother getting dressed. I'm sure you won't let me wear clothes anyway. Just tell me what it is now so I can relax. I can't handle the stress after what happened yesterday. I'll do anything to get this week over with."
This was going better than I ever could have anticipated. She was keeping track of my fantasies and adjusting to them on her own. I had already decided the night before that she would be my blowjob machine for the day. She was right, I was not going to let her wear clothing.
"You're smarter than your average bimbo. They say the bigger a women's tits are the smaller her brain is. Today's task is simple, you will be sucking my dick for the entire day. In exchange, I will let you eat and use the bathroom like normal. I hope that will make up for yesterday."
There was no way for her to escape. She was fully committed to getting through this week. She had a dejected look and a condescending tone. She stood with her arms crossed emotionless.
"Of course. I've already swallowed my brother's load once. How much worse could it be the second time?"
I had her follow me to my room. I stripped her of her underwear leaving her fully naked. I tied her hands behind her back with rope from the garage. I used more of the rope to bind her ankles. I decided to put the collar back on to indicate she was property. I then blindfolded her with a cloth and had her shuffle under my desk. I made her suck my dick while I played Minecraft with the guys. She mumbled and gagged nonstop. At one point, they heard her over the mic. I told them what was happening, but they wouldn't believe me. She pulled her mouth off my cock and tried to call for their help. I forced her head right back on my cock to shut her up.
I was much better at holding my orgasms this time. I got used to her static-sucking motion after a while. I made sure she started sucking my balls to spice things up. My slobbery penis rubbed against her face as she kissed my balls. Eventually, I did cum. This time, however, I made sure to cum on her chest.
"Is that it? Are we done now?"
Unfortunately for her, things were not that simple. Without responding, I shoved her mouth back on my cock and made her keep going. She had saliva building around her mouth. Her slimy spit trickled down to her stomach. She sucked for another hour until I finished again. This time I tilted her head back and came on her face.
"Ugh! Jimmy please can I take a break? My jaw is killing me and I need to use the bathroom."
"Fine, but make it quick. We're not done yet."
I grabbed her by her collar and pulled her to her feet. She hopped to my bathroom where I sat her down on the toilet. She was still blindfolded with her arms and legs bound. She peed and caught her breath while I watched her through the door.
Before I escorted her to the living room, I wiped off her body. I still hadn't had enough of her blowjobs. I had her lay on her stomach with her head on my crotch. She resumed blowing me while I rubbed her neck and upper back. It took me a while to cum this time. She began slowing down at points from exhaustion. I had to slap her ass to keep her going like a horse. After a short while longer, I sprayed my spunk down her throat. While she wasn't great at sucking dick, she never had an issue swallowing.
"Jimmy I beg you can we please stop!" I've sucked your dick for hours. My body is going to give out."
I was burnt out. 3 blowjobs was more than I bargained for. She was right this was a good time to call it.
"Sure. You're free for the rest of the day. I have some training in store for you tomorrow. From now on, make sure you strip before you leave your room. I want you fully naked at all times unless I tell you otherwise."
She rinsed off my cum from her face, got dressed, and locked herself in her room for the rest of the day. What I had in store for her on Friday would be her hardest test so far.
Chapter 5: Friday
Despite being built like a model, Sofia wasn't very talented sexually. Having spent more time with her body, it became clear she didn't have the experience I expected her to. I decided to train her holes as we approached the final days of her torturous week. I spent the last of our parent's money on a sex machine I found on Craigslist. It was a 3 piece set. There were two standalone units with rods that extended and retracted. The third piece was a metal frame that had 4 metal cuffs. 2 for the wrists and 2 for the ankles.
I scooped it early in the morning before she was awake. The guy selling it gave me a full rundown on how to operate it. I set it up in the middle of the living room with a dildo on each rod. The Craigslist man threw them in for free. He had a bunch of unused ones lying around. By the time my sister awoke, the apparatus was ready to go. She came out fully naked at 11 am as I asked her to.
"Good morning. Uh...umm Jimmy what's this?"
Sofia was immediately intimidated by the unit I had set up. She looked at me in fear as she rubbed her shoulders and held her head low.
"Good morning Sofia. I see you have discovered my new toy. This is going to help us with your training today. Why don't you crawl over and check it out? Don't make me drag you there myself."
She slowly lowered to her knees. Her eyes tried to read what was going on from my expression as she hesitantly crept toward the metal frame. As she arrived, I grabbed each of her wrists and locked them into place without resistance. I consequently locked her ankles into place next. I then wrapped behind her and aligned the rear dildo with her stunningly tight pussy.
"Jimmy I'm scared! Can you please tell me what's going on? Where did you get this? What are you going to do to me?"
"Sofia you have the body of a whore. This machine is going to ensure we don't let it go to waste. Once we are finished, you'll have a throat that can swallow swords and a pussy that can be used like a fleshlight. You already have your swinging milkers and a bouncy fat ass. This will round you into the perfect toy. You'll understand soon enough. Let's get started."
The rear dildo was flipped on. I grabbed both sides of her face and looked her dead in the eyes as the dildo began slowly pushing in and out of her.
"Please Jimmy I can't...ughh...handle this. My pussy is too...oooh...sensitive. Please I'm...uhhh...I'm begging you.....ohhh....don't leave me like this!"
"My sweet sister, you need to learn how to receive. That's all this body is good for. I'll check on you soon don't worry. Until then, just focus on breathing through your nose."
I moved the other end of the machine towards her mouth and flipped it on.
"JIMMY! NO! Please don...alg...glog...glog...."
My sister cried as she was spit-roasted in the middle of our living room. I started her off slow. I needed an escalation path for what I had planned later. I slapped her on the ass and headed to my room. I could hear her squealing in between gags. After an hour, I checked on her. Her sweaty body trembled from the endless penetration.
"How's my little bitch doing? Looks like you're handling this quite well.
Her soaking wet pussy leaked down her legs. Drool fell like a waterfall from the dildo in her mouth. The floor had formed puddles of her fluids.
"Maybe you're more of a slut than I thought you were. Let's increase the difficulty a bit."
I increased the speed of each dildo. The seesawing cock in her mouth forced her to take shorter breaths. The dildo on her rear now moved fast enough to create a small fapping sound. I sat on the couch and watched her for a while. My sister's body was a work of art. The sight of her in this predicament belonged in a museum.
"Glog..glog..glog."
I watched her for about 20 minutes before I decided to add another element to the equation. While she focused on breathing in between dildo intervals, I began rubbing her nipples. She squealed from the overwhelming sensations rushing through her. I teased her for a few minutes longer until it was time to increase speeds one last time. I pulled the front dildo out of her mouth and shut it off. She instantly begged for her release. Her voice was shaky and out of breath.
"Jimmy please make it...uh!...please make this stop!"
"Shhhh! Listen to me Sofia. I will end this, but you have to earn it. Will you do anything for a break?"
"Yes....ohhh!...what is it?"
"I want you to beg for my cock. Tell me how badly you want to suck it. Call me Sir when you do so. If you can get me off then I will end your training."
"Oh my god! Please...umff...please Sir can I...ohh...can I suck your cock?"
"That's not good enough. Tell me how much of a little whore you are. Tell me you're my bitch."
"I'm your little bitch, Sir! Owww! I'm such a dirty slut...uhhh...all I want is my brother's cock...ahhh...I want to taste your cum...mmhh...please let me suck your cock, Sir!"
I turned up the dial for the last time. The dildo loudly clapped against her pussy. Her wailing was suppressed by my cock lodged in her throat. I thrust in and out of her face. This was way hotter than any of the blowjobs she gave me previously. It didn't take me any more than 5 minutes to reach climax. I pulled out of her and fired webs all over her sweaty back. Training had officially concluded. I shut off the machine and unlocked her restraints. She collapsed into the puddles of her juices. I stood above her as she huffed and puffed.
"I suppose that's enough for today. Although you created quite a mess, your slutty body managed to survive my training. Hopefully, you can perform like this when men use you in the future. Clean yourself up Sofia. I have big plans for you tomorrow."
I left her to clean up her mess. I put away the machine and headed to bed. Tomorrow was a big day. The final page of my revenge plan would finally be turned.
Chapter 6: Saturday
All of my efforts had led to this moment. This has been the best week of my life. My sister would likely never be the same after what I had done to her. It was finally time to complete my revenge plan. I told her I had one last ask of her before our parents returned.
When she came out of her room naked, I presented her with a revealing bunny costume. She was delighted to be presented with clothing no matter how embarrassing it was. The main piece was a tight black leotard. It also came with a white collar and two white wrist cuffs with black bows on all three of them. The costume included funny black bunny ears. Most importantly, it came with a cute white bunny tail plug for her hole. I brought back out the same heels she wore as my maid to finish things off. I ran her through what was going to happen.
"Alright bitch, you've made it to the final day. If you can get through tonight I promise to delete the video before Mom and Dad get home. Tonight I will be having some friends over. You will wear your uniform and serve us as a slave. You will refer to each of us as Sir. If one of them asks you to do something you will do it unless I say otherwise. Is that understood?"
She was perplexed. She had become used to serving me. No exposure to the outside world gave her the impression that her life would be unaffected once the week concluded. Tonight could certainly impact that. One of my friends was her closest friend's younger brother. If she found out through him what was happening tonight her reputation would be tarnished.
"If I do this will you promise not to tell anyone? Can your friends keep this as our secret? I did all of this for you so that no one would find out about what I had done. If your friends spread this around then my life will be ruined."
"I will make sure this stays between us. If any of my friends spread rumors I will deny them. Is that enough for you? I hope so because you're going to be our bunny girl either way. Get dressed now. You have some work to do before they get here."
She slipped on the leotard and zipped it up. It was a size too small for her. It barely covered her pussy and rode up her crack leaving her cheeks partially exposed. Her tits squeezed against her chest as they tried to escape the uniform. She put on the collar and cuffs. The headband clipped on with ease. She popped on her heels and bent over the counter so I could insert her tail. It was the perfect outfit for the evening I had planned. Her beautifully moisturized shaven legs shined. Her ass looked as tight as ever. Her pretty black toenails were tightly packed together in her uncomfortable shoes. Of course, the puffy white tail between her legs was the icing on the cake.
I had her prepare the house. She cleaned in her bunny outfit until the time came for her to be presented to my friends. They came one by one. She waited in her room until all four of them arrived. I sat them all in the living room while I grabbed her from her room. I walked her to the couch with my arm around her tight waist.
"Gentlemen, this was the surprise you've all been waiting for. My sister will be serving us tonight. Sofia, why don't you reintroduce yourself?"
Sofia held her hands tightly in front of her pussy. She blushed uncontrollably. Her neck tensed up as she stared at the ground.
"Good evening Mister Mark, Mister Jake, Mister Ben, and Mister Josh. Thank you so much for coming. I look forward to serving you all tonight. Please refer to me however you feel comfortable."
My friends were in awe. My gorgeous sister was going to be their slave in such a sexy outfit. We ordered her around for a short while. The night started with her delivering snacks and drinks. When she brought someone a can, we made her deliver it between her tits. She presented them on her knees as if her chest was a cup holder. Later on, Josh had her act as his footstool. She crawled under his feet and stayed there for 15-20 minutes. Ben got sick of Josh hogging my sister and had her twerk for us. She got on her hands and spread her knees on the floor. She shook her ass up and down to the best of her ability. We took turns smacking her jiggling ass as if she was a stripper. She wasn't very good at it, but it was fun to watch her embarrass herself. Eventually, the time came to ramp things up.
"Well gentleman, why don't we turn things up a notch? It's time to get a closer look at what we're working with."
I stood behind her and unzipped her leotard without warning. She gasped as her boobs popped out. She tried to cover her nipples with one arm and her pussy with her other hand.
"Jimmy! What are you doin...ouch!"
I startled her with a heavy slap on the ass.
"It's Sir to you, sister. Hands behind your back Sofia. I want everyone to see your playful little body."
I slapped her once again. There was no time to dilly-dally.
"...Yes Sir..."
She hesitantly put her hands behind her back. Her embarrassing skanky body was on display for the horny young boys she lorded over back in the day. Her flushed face winced and looked away from my friends. My friends laughed and made degrading comments about her as if she wasn't there. We were inching closer to the final chapter of my plan.
"Why don't we play a game Sofia? You are a bunny after all. I know what bunnies like you love."
I grabbed a carrot from the fridge and brought it to her. I held it by my crotch as if it were my cock.
"Lick the carrot Sofia. Bunnies love carrots don't they?"
She got on her knees reluctantly.
"Yes Sir."
She licked the carrot like she was pleasing my cock. My friend whistled and chuckled in the background. They couldn't believe how submissive my popular older sister had become.
"Fetch slut! Hop like a bunny for us. I want to see you bounce."
I tossed the carrot across the room. She got in a squat and miserably hopped across the floor. Her tits bounced up and down as my friends slapped her ass in passing. Her face was bright red with humiliation. Once she returned with the carrot in her mouth, I patted her on the head like a dog.
"Good job Sofia! You're such a good bunny!"
We passed the carrot around and had her fetch for each one of us like a pet. Her legs had to be burning from squatting and hopping in those heels. Her eyes were wide and moist as she stared up at the guys. When she returned the carrot to Jake for the last time, he had a surprise for her. In his hand, he held his fully erect cock. Our game had concluded. It was time for the main event. Jake took the carrot out of her mouth as she stared at the cock of her best friend's younger brother.
"I think you're ready for the real thing Sofia. Trust me, this is much better than a carrot."
Sofia turned and looked at me. Her eyes begged me to save her. I had no such intention. After the week full of blessings I had, it was only right that I pass them along to my friends. Besides, this was an important part of my plan.
"What are you waiting for Sofia? Do you think there's still a shred of your reputation to save? You can give up on those dreams. I already shared your tape with each of them. You wouldn't want anyone else to see it would you?"
Jake pulled out his phone and queued up the tape. He faced the video of Sofia being pounded on my parent's bed towards her. She only needed a couple of seconds to realize the power we each held. She slowly shifted her eyes away from the screen and made eye contact with him. Her hand grabbed his shaft and guided it into her mouth. My friends cheered as she used her new BJ skills on Jake.
"Gluck...Gluck...gluck...gluck."
As she throated his developing penis, the rest of my friends pulled out their cocks behind her and started stroking. After a few minutes, I grabbed her hair from behind and slowly pulled her off his dick.
She looked up at me with fear while she wiped the spit from her mouth. I looked towards my friends and her eyes followed. Seeing all of their cocks startled her.
"Guys, please! I'm so sorry for everything I've done just please forgive me. My life is ruined already please st....ouch!"
I slapped her across the face.
"Enough begging for forgiveness. This will be over before you know it. If you beg for their cocks like a good bitch instead maybe they'll take it easy on you."
She held her stinging cheek. The gears began turning in her head again. The walls were closing in. All she could do was obey in hopes of their mercy. She prostrated before them.
"Please fuck me with your cocks. Please use my body and holes to your heart's content."
My friends came over and lifted Sofia onto her hands and knees. While they fondled her, I grabbed a bowl from the kitchen. I set the bowl on the ground next to her. I then pulled out her tail making all of her holes accessible. They started in doggy. My friends took turns spit-roasting her as the machine had the day prior. My other friends would slap her ass and grope her tits until it was their turn to cycle in. She choked and wiggled to lessen the blow to her sensitive pussy. Spit dripped from her chin to her swinging breasts. Her hair was pulled by whoever penetrated her rear. Nobody came inside of her per my request. I had them each cum in the bowl whenever they needed to.
After a few rotations, we cycled to a cowgirl position. Mark laid underneath her. She squatted and bounced up and down on his cock while she blew Josh. My other friends were jerked off by her free hands. After a few minutes, Ben had an idea. He rotated behind Sofia and pushed her onto Mark. Jake and I watched as Ben entered her asshole filling all 3 of her holes at once. My sister screamed and begged, but the cock in her mouth prevented anyone from comprehending her words. All 3 of them thrust in and out of her simultaneously. She started shaking from the pain.
Eventually, she couldn't take it anymore and collapsed. She whispered through her tears.
"Please...please...I can't take it anymore...this is too much for me. My body can't handle it."
That was my queue. I wrapped my arms under her knees and around her upper back. I picked up Sofia and carried her to the kitchen table. Before I laid her on her back, I comforted her with a kiss. She reciprocated and wrapped her arms around me. I felt like a knight saving a damsel in distress.
"You're so special Sofia. I love you. I'm sorry for everything. I'll make it up to you soon I promise."
She looked up at me with puppy eyes. She had the most precious gaze. It was as if she no longer held me responsible for the week of torture I put her through.
"It's ok...I deserved this. I appreciate you putting me in my place, Sir."
I laid her on the table and removed her bunny ears, heels, and cuffs. She laid there fully naked as my friends stood around her. It was time for me to round things off. I spread her legs and pulled her close. I cautiously massaged her hips, thighs, and clit. She groaned as she gripped her boobs and stared at me.
As I expected, the trauma of the gang bang pushed her over the edge. A week of impersonal sexual humiliation had instilled a version of Stockholm syndrome. All of the pleasure she granted me had yet to be reciprocated. In her incredibly delicate state, she became hypnotized by my love.
I pulled out my cock and slowly entered her. She gasped and moaned. I fucked her gently in missionary while I squeezed her hips. I showered her with romance and compliments. Her body broke out in goosebumps.
"Ughhh! Please don't stop Sir...I'm gonna cum!"
I grabbed the back of her neck and increased my thrusts. She wailed from the pleasure. We gazed into each other's eyes as I pounded her. It did not take long for each of us to orgasm. We ended up finishing in sync. I had instituted the rule of cumming in the bowl for my friends, but I was not under the same rule. I finished inside of her as the final step of my revenge plan. Our sweaty bodies separated. Sofia was exhausted. She spoke to me with a shaky voice.
"Ohhh!...thank you, Sir. Thank you for making me feel special."
"You're welcome beautiful. It was the least I could do. I hope this makes up for our journey here. Regardless of what happened, you're as gorgeous as ever."
Jake held the bowl in his hand. They had been loading it up while my sister and I had our 1 on 1 time. Once she finished this, her nightmare would end. The amalgamation of my friend's slimy cum swished around in the bowl as I placed it on the table beside her head.
"We've made it to the end Sofia. I'm very proud of you. If you swallow the cum in this bowl, your life will go back to normal. We will all delete the video. I will no longer boss you around. You can go back to being my bratty older sister."
She flipped onto her hands and knees holding her head over the bowl. She looked me in the eyes and replied.
"I can never be your bratty older sister again. I finally feel comfortable with who I am. My lude body is an object built for nothing more than pleasing men. I am a useless bitch, but you've shown me that's ok. As long as I'm being used by someone, I have a reason to exist. I wish this week would never end, Master."
She stuck her tongue out and lapped up the cum. We watched as she swallowed it little by little. Finally, she picked up the bowl and swallowed the rest in one gulp. She showed each of us her empty mouth to prove she had consumed all of it. It was official, her week of abuse had concluded.
Chapter 7: Sunday
My parents came home in the morning. I waited in the living room to welcome them back.
"Hey, Jimmy! How was your week? It looks like you guys kept the place pretty clean. Hopefully, you got along fine with us away."
"Hey Mom! Hey Dad! My week was great. Sofia and I got along better than we have in the past. We understand each other much better now."
"Speaking of your sister, where is she?"
"Not sure. She's probably asleep in her room. You know how she is."
"Of course, makes sense. Well alright, your mother and I are going to take a nap. It's been a long morning of traveling. If you need anything I'll be up and moving in an hour."
They headed to bed and shut the door behind them. I subsequently headed to my room as well. My sister and I were no longer siblings. Sofia was my slave and I was her Master. As long as we kept things between us, our parents would never find out. They were blissfully unaware of how we treated each other anyway.
I locked my bedroom door behind me. I placed a towel underneath so no air could escape. I headed over to my closet and swung the doors open. On the floor was my hogtied naked slave Sofia. She was silenced with the red ball gag and blindfolded with a cloth. She moaned and squirmed due to the vibrator strapped to her clit as well as the vibrating see-through plug in her ass. Unfortunately, our week home alone had come to an end. Fortunately for me, enslaving my sexy bitch of a sister had only just begun.