A little background: I didn't realize how sexy it could be to be looked at or watched. Like most girls I know, I was always careful, when wearing skirts to sit lady like and keep myself properly concealed. Sure I like it when guys look at me appreciatively. Who doesn't, but I was not an exhibitionist, other than wearing a two piece swimsuit when at the beach.
This all changed a couple years ago while I was on a business trip out of town. I got back to the hotel after meeting with my contacts all day long and had to recap with my boss back home in preparation for the next day. I had just finished a video conference with my colleagues back home and needed a short nap before going out to find some food for dinner. A little tension relief was in order too; and so, sprawled on my motel bed, my hand snaked down the front of my pants for an excursion. My release was just what the doctor ordered.
Just as I was coming down from my high, I thought I saw a shadow move across my window. I jerked my hand out of my pants, thinking someone had seen me through the small gap in the curtains. I felt very embarrassed that the curtains were not fully closed and I leaped up to see if someone really had been there. To my relief, when I looked out the window, I didn't see anyone and I chalked it up to a cloud passing overhead, blocking the moon.
I laid back down on my bed and drifted into a nap. About thirty minutes later I woke to the alarm I had set on my phone. As I opened my eyes and lifted my head, I caught another shadow darting across my window. Again, looking out into the night, I saw nothing.
I went into the bathroom and splashed water on my face and freshened up so I could get some dinner. I decided to just eat in the motel restaurant because I was worn out from my long day and didn't feel like venturing out further. My meal was satisfying and with a full stomach, some of my weariness had gone away. I decided that twenty minutes in the motel gym would be a good idea before I went to bed.
Back in my room, I opened my suitcase and pulled out some gym clothes to change into. I went to the window and pulled the curtains closed; but, no matter how hard I tried there was still a slight gap between them that I couldn't close. I turned away from the window and pulled my shirt off and then opened my pants and pushed them down off my hips and stepped out of them. As I unclasped my bra and let it fall to the bed, I looked at myself in the mirror. That is when, once again, looking into the mirror I saw movement behind me at the window.
I doused the lights in the room and tried to see out the window again and once more saw nothing. The moon was full and bright overhead as I looked out across the grass behind the motel. I went back to the bed and picked up my gym clothes. I put on my athletic bra and pulled on shorts over my bikini panties, grabbed my room key and went to the gym.
My workout felt good; but, as I peddled the elliptical, my thoughts went back to the mysterious shadow at my window. Nearing the end of my workout, an idea occurred to me. My company had given me a remote webcam for my laptop so I could conference with them.
When I got back to the room, I looked out the window and saw nothing moving; so, I carefully set up the webcam at the corner of the window looking outside and I pulled the curtains as far closed as I could. Then I laid face down on my bed with my computer and started going through some emails I needed to catch up with. The computer was angled so the screen could not be seen from the window and I kept a small window open in the lower corner of the screen where I could monitor what the camera might see outside.
I finished all my email about an hour later and had seen absolutely nothing in the webcam. I figured I must have just seen cloud shadows earlier. I let my guard down slightly and turned on the TV. I had pretty much forgotten the webcam was still watching vigilantly out my window as I flipped channels. Quickly bored by the television fare, I checked out what movies were playing in the room for a fee.
Now, I'm not a watcher of pornography (or I wasn't back then). But as I looked through the categories of movies, the adult section caught my curiosity. I flipped to the list of adult movies, not wanting to watch one but curious about what kind of movies there were that people evidently watched in motels. I laughed out loud at some of the titles; they seemed so absurd. But one about cougar women seducing young men kind of caught my attention and I watched the short "R" rated trailer for the movie.
I wasn't about to let an adult movie surcharge show up on my motel bill for my company accountant to see, so it was easy to resist the slight temptation I had to actually watch the movie. I decided I should turn in for the night so I would be rested for the next day's meetings. I turned off the television and stood up off the bed. I have always slept in the nude and so thought nothing of it as I shed my athletic bra that was binding me uncomfortably by then anyway. I hooked my thumbs in my gym shorts and panties and pushed them down all at once, barring myself to my empty room.
As I said, I had forgotten my camera was still guarding over me, monitoring the outside of my window. The brief indulgence I had with the pornographic movie titles had started a tingle down below and as my shorts and panties hit the floor, my hand cupped my breast and my other hand slipped down to sample my slit. My erect nipple pressed my palm and my palm caressed back delicately. I was not surprised to find a familiar slipperiness between my lips and I gasps slightly as my finger explored my familiar territory.
I crawled up on the bed and settled in for a slow sensuous build up. Looking at my computer screen as I crawled onto the bed reminded me of my spy camera. I laid on my side and gazed at the empty blackness that the camera captured as I continued to test my flesh. My hands roamed, languishing over my body, touching my hips, my breasts, my shoulders and arms, and reaching behind me to caress my ass as well. My sexual build up was slow and steady.
I continued my self-pampering and still nothing showed up on the camera as I gazed through the computer screen onto a fantasy image in my mind. The heat in my body continued to rise as I imagined myself seducing and bedding a young man in a bar somewhere. I was squeezing my nipples and my hand was probing more urgently at my lower sex as the fantasy developed. Soon, I had two fingers in my pussy and the heel of my hands rubbed my nubbin as I continued to tease my nipples.
My tempo built up more and more. It was my intention to prolong my agony by slowing down as I neared the precipice. I was lost in my horny haze now as I built up to the edge a second time. That is when blackness in my webcam was interrupted by something else. I froze as I squinted at the screen and watched a young man come into focus peering in my window at me. I watched him for a few seconds in a kind of fascination at my inventiveness. My clit and vagina were aching from my long tease and were still begging my hands to finish the job. My mind however was now ready to catapult my body out of bed to confront my intruder.
Just as I was coming to this conclusion of action, I suddenly saw that my admirer was masturbating too. I could clearly see his hand slide up and down his hard cock as soon as he fished it from his pants. I was mesmerized again and stared with a frozen mind. My hand began moving again against my swollen need; yet, I didn't even realize it. I watched my visual rapist watch bug-eyed through the curtain gap. Continuing to watch his fist move rapidly up and down his angry cock I again became aware that I was fucking myself in much the same fashion as he was doing and suddenly sexual need overcame me.
I was secretly watching a man watch me masturbate and my body was on fire. I screamed as my orgasm overtook me without warning and my hands frantically abused every swollen need that I had. I trembled and spasmed on the bed in one of the most powerful orgasms I could remember having; and it seemed to be one of the longest lasting orgasms too. I gulped air as my body slowly retreated from the stellar heights it had reached.
When I opened my eyes and looked again at the computer screen, my watcher erupted into his own orgasm, ejaculating into the air just inches from my window and the concealed camera that captured it all up close. I thought my massive orgasm would be all I needed that night; but seeing his cock spray forth his seed set me up again. My hand again rubbed my clit frantically and I came almost immediately. As I came down from my second orgasm, I observed my watcher tucking his softening dick back into his pants and then he turned and disappeared into the night.
My heart was still beating wildly from my orgasmic exertions as I closed up my laptop. I peered out the window a moment to see nothing and then I turned off my lights and fell onto my bed, clawing my way under the blankets. It had been a very long day and I was soon asleep.
The next morning I awoke groggily. I showered, did my makeup, dressed and scurried out my motel door with laptop and purse. As I got into my rental car I went over the previous night in my mind. In the daylight, my sensible self felt apprehensive about someone sneaking around my motel window. It was creepy and scary to think about.
At the same time it was erotic as hell. I got goose bumps down my neck with the euphoric/adrenaline surge I got recalling the more lurid details of the bizarre evening. I couldn't believe I had an orgasm knowing a stranger was watching me. Not only that but it was a very intense one.
I pulled out of the parking lot and forced myself to think about the upcoming day. I had a lot to do at work. My colleagues back home had given me several topics that I needed to discuss with my contacts here. I mentally prepared myself and when I arrived at the offices where I was meeting everyone, I was ready. The discussions were intense and the whole day was focused. Work was the only thing I thought about
Finally the work day ended. We all went for dinner but most of the official business had been accomplished during the day; so, dinner was a bit more relaxed. There were work stories and some jokes and an all-around pleasant meal.
I looked across the table during dessert and that is when I noticed something familiar about the guy sitting across from me. Well, yeah, I'd been working with him for two days now, so why wouldn't he be familiar. But, in the less mentally intense setting of dinner and jokes, I had more time to pay attention to the people around me on a more personal level. That is when I got a tingly feeling of mixed emotions. This guy looked a lot like the guy I had seen in my remote camera watching me last night. I wasn't sure I was right about it; but, it was enough to make me think.
When I got back to my motel, I was even more suspicious this guy was the guy watching me; because, there he was getting out of his car too. Either he was staying at the same motel as I was, or, he was there specifically to spy on me. By the time I got into the lobby, I was almost certain he was my voyeur. Walking in from the parking lot, he looked at me in a way that made me feel like he knew something about me that I didn't know he knew.
I said good night to him and went to my room. By then I had confirmed he was staying at the motel because it was the first and only topic of conversation we had as we walked in from the parking lot.
As soon as I got into my room, I went to the window and carefully concealed my camera again. Then I sat down at the small desk and answered emails, also giving my colleagues back home a rundown of the day's business. There wasn't a video conference set up for tonight. Then I took my computer to the bed with me and set it up like last night, so the screen couldn't be seen from the window. I expanded the live camera feed to fill my screen and then I turned on the television. I kept a watch out the corner of my eye at my computer as I flipped channels.
I found a back to back to back series of Big Bang Theory and watched it. Finally, I could relax immersed in the humor. By the second episode though, while still enjoying the funny show, I began pondering Penny's perpetually erect nipples. It was the first time I had noticed it; but it seemed there was at least one scene in every episode where those little bumps were poking out through her shirt.
My whole life I had been careful that my bra completely contained any such display of my nipples if they became erect for any reason. Suddenly I wondered what it would feel like to let someone see my nipples erect under my shirt. To my surprise, the prospect of someone staring at my chest like that was appealing to me.
The third episode of BBT was almost over by now and I impulsively took my bra off from under my shirt, buttoning it back up over my bare breasts. I wanted to see just how my nipples would look poking out through my shirt. I rubbed my palms over my breasts and pinched my nipples a bit to make them stand right up. Sure enough they produced as pretty spectacular display under my blouse. I was pleased with how sexy I looked in the mirror across the room. The next episode was coming on as I admired myself.
I was sitting with my back up against the headboard of the bed with my hands lazily laying at my sides as I watched more TV. Then, I noticed movement on my camera. I looked down at my screen to see someone creeping near my window again. I couldn't see the guy's face as I had stupidly angled the camera too low. Whoever it was not dressed as my work contact had been, so at this point I had no way to confirm it was him or someone else. I sat there not knowing what to do. I decided that maybe I¿d get a better look at him as time went on; so, I tried to concentrate on watching television, or at least look like I was watching.
And there on the TV was another scene where Penny's nipples were poking out prominently. That is when I realized the guy at my window could probably see mine. I looked down at my chest to see that mine were not very erect. And yet, at that very moment, they started on their own to stiffen. I watched them with a sense of awe as they unashamedly exhibited themselves to my voyeur. I still couldn't see who he was. I just sat there letting my nipples be the sluts they wanted to be. I don't know why I was able to anthropomorphize them. I guess I wasn't ready to tell myself that it really was me wanting to show off, rather than my uncontrollable nipples.
I looked down at my computer screen again. I could see him from his rib cage down to his knees. And I could see his hand and arms as he leaned forward to peer through that crack in the curtains that I couldn't close. I felt my pussy tingle just a little and was becoming more and more interested in watching him watching me. Then I saw his hand rub the front of his pants and I definitely felt my nipples get harder. I felt my face and chest bush at the idea of so blatantly letting someone look at me like that. The tingling in my pussy became more insistent as I noticed the front of his pants bulge against his hand. Still I just sat there not moving even though I was on fire under my skin now.
Then somehow, not even knowing it, my hand moved up and brushed my nipple on the breast closest to the window. It felt so good and tingling shot straight into my pussy as I touched my nipple. I think it was several years later before I realized by watching him in my camera that I too was being a voyeur. Up to this point I had been touching my nipples and teasing them for myself - because I like the feeling. But suddenly, I also started touching them for him to see. This was unlike last night when I was simply lost in my orgasm and he got the benefit to watch.
Another jolt ran through me as I now was thinking of showing this man what I shouldn't show anyone. And not only showing private parts of my body but showing them as I teased and pleasured them. My hand slipped inside my blouse and I pinched my nipple again. Urgently I uncovered my breasts by pulling my blouse open at the top. I watched raptly as he pulled his cock out of his fly. It was as hard as my nipples. I cupped my tits and pulled a nipple up to my mouth, sucking it hard into my mouth. My eyes closed at the pleasure but I forced them open so I could see my watcher.
I pressed a hand down inside my pants and felt my panties completely soaked already. I blushed as I knew I wanted to show him my pussy. And then I had an even naughtier thought. I wanted him to see my panties. I unbuttoned my pants and pushed them off my hips and then kicked them off my legs. And then I did the unthinkable: I turned my body so I could spread my legs and expose my sopping panties to him. I pressed my panties into my slit and rubbed for a couple seconds but I needed more and slipped my hand inside my panties. I was masturbation and I was doing so he could see me. I was getting closer and closer to my peak and so I tore at my panties to remove them too. I was going to show him my naked pussy and I was so horny know what I was doing.
My fingers shot into my hole and I fucked myself right there on the bed, sprawled across it sideways. Faster and faster I fingered myself. One hand rubbing in circles on my clit and the other moving in and out of my pussy. I was getting close. I looked again at the computer screen and saw him stroking his fully hard dick. His pants were pushed down off his hips now and he was fully exposed to me as I was to him. I nearly came as I watched him stroking that beautiful cock. But then, I was overcome with wanting to cum when he did and so I slowed my pace. I stroked myself in time with his hand, faster and faster as his hand began to move. And then i saw it.
His cock swelled up and got ready to cum. I brought myself to the cliff with him and we both lept over it together. My cum frothed out of my pussy and coated my hands and thighs. His semen erupted in a most beautifully arching steam and splashed right against the window. I fucked myself wantonly as he watched and screamed aloud as my orgasm tore through me. Over and over my hips bucked in a climax at least as epic as the one last night. Cum was flowing out of his cock and down his hand and he kept stoking himself. Slowly we both began coming down from our highs. He tucked his cock away and slinked out of view of my camera. My head fell back and I panted with my exertion.