Lauren and I are spending a weekend together in The Standard Hotel in NYC.
The Standard is a first class Hotel in NYC on the lower West Side adjacent to the Highlawn walkway. All the rooms facing the Highlawn have glass walls, top to bottom.
The rooms are not advertised for exhibitionists but the word has gotten around.
Lauren is sexy, has a great looking body, firm breasts topped with sensitive nipples, a tight ass and pussy and she's 22. She comes off when you first meet her as shy but she loves sex and she's a bit of an exhibitionist.
I'm in very good shape; my cock when erect is about 6 ½ to 7inches. I'm in my forties.
I know how to treat a woman, I love to flirt, I like foreplay and of course I like sex.
Never did I think I'd be having sex with a young woman nearly half my age nor spending a weekend with her, who loves me for what I am.
We've already had a night there and it's early in the morning. Checkout time is late afternoon. We're sleeping in the nude, next to each other. My cock was resting between her ass cheeks and I had an arm around her, cupping a breast. I do recall at various hours during the night, I squeezed her breasts and nipples and Lauren reached a hand around and held and stroked my cock.
Lauren moaned that she felt my throbbing cock against her ass. She tried to get up once or twice, falling back each time against my cock, smearing pre-cum on her ass and in her folds. "It feels so fucking good that I don't want to get up," she said.
My cock slid in her pussy just past the tip.
"ohhhhhh boy! That's incredible," I whispered as we lay there and rocked back and forth.
The day before, we talked about going for a run early in the morning, coming back to our room and take it from there.
We dressed up and got ready for our morning run. Even thou it's summer, the mornings off the West Side near the Hudson have been in the mid 60-degree range.
We run along the Hudson, stop for some exercises and return to our Hotel ready for a shower and breakfast. I stop at the front desk to arrange for breakfast to be delivered to our room.
Lauren goes off looking for a private massage and says that she'll meet me in our room.
I'm a little curious and I go off to see where she is. Lauren is getting a massage in a private room and asked that the blinds on the small window be slightly left open. I only see one room occupied and notice that I could peek into the room and see what's going on.
I see Lauren naked on the massage table. A towel over her ass. The masseuse is also female. Her neck and shoulders were just done. Her toned body is already oiled up and she's on her chest. She's about to rolled over and I put my hand down my shorts to touch myself. I see that her pussy is slightly puffy, and her nipples are hard, rising out of her breasts. Her body appears flushed like she just had an orgasm.
A towel is placed over her private parts.
Is she reacting to the touches of the masseuse or is she thinking about me?
I look around to see if someone is coming down the hall, I take a towel just in case, pull out my hard cock and as I'm watching her, I jerk myself off. What I really wanted to do was go in that room, jump her and fuck her brains out!
I imagined that we're both naked and we'd start kissing. I would position myself between her legs. Lauren would arch her back to me as I play with her breasts. My trail of kisses and touches would go down her body. Past her pussy to her thighs and back. Moaning, she'd opened her legs to me. Kissing and teasing her with light touches before we'd fuck.
It doesn't take long to cum, thinking about how lucky I am to spend a weekend with this beautiful young woman.
After I'm done, I go up to our room to shower. Just as I'm gelled up and about to rinse, Lauren comes into our room and heads for shower. Slipping out of her robe, she joins me in the shower and we kiss. Seeing her nude still makes me so hard. She seems perfect in everyway.
Soaping her up, cupping her breasts and my thumbs on her nipples getting them hard, I tell her that I saw her getting her massage and that I jerked off.
She looks down at my cock, which is erect, putting one hand under it and around it
"I guess you're happy to see me. You know if you continue to treat me like a Princess, I'm going to have to fuck you like a porn star."
I continue to massage her breasts with one hand and I thought her nipples were getting harder. With the other hand, I slowly trace down her tight body to her pussy.
"Like my tits? Suck on them!"
I lowered my head to suck on her tit and with my other hand; I was stimulating her clit with my thumb. I used my other two fingers to spread her young puffy lips. I slowly pushed the two fingers into her pussy. She moaned as I worked them in and out. She nearly went limp. I was obviously working her into frenzy, finger fucking her. At one point, I withdrew and brought my soaked fingers up to our mouths and we licked them clean. I continued to finger fuck her, moving them around deep inside her and sucking on her tits. She trembled and ground against my fingers.
She screamed out loud and went into an immediate orgasm! Lauren starts to moan "ahhhh ohhhhh unngh " and grips my cock. Stroking it hard and fast, she brings it toward her pussy. Her moans continue as my cock is at her entrance. "I want YOU inside of me!" Remaining like that for a few seconds, she moves her hips closer and thrusts herself onto my cock. She looked down and saw my cock go in and out of her.
My other hand and mouth leaves her tits and with both hands, I grab her ass and lift her entire body up and onto my cock. Lauren moans "uhnooofff" and cries as my entire cock is in her. We move till her back is against the wall and continue fucking "ahhhhh" with the shower streaming down on us.
"God. You y y y ahhhh feel so good inside of of ahhh me!"
Our rhythm is perfect! In and out! As she pulls away and comes back, I begin to thrust forward hard and deep. When we've had sex before, I was a little concerned not to hurt her. I usually pushed in slow and smooth but this time I slid in with a hard thrust and my balls were hitting her just underneath her pussy. There is nothing better then fucking in the morning with someone special.
Her pussy is wrapped tightly around my cock! I take a deep breath and my cock swells when I thrust in! Her pussy was on fire. We were both breathing so hard. My balls tingled as my cum shot into her deepest depths. That caused Lauren to tremble and twitch. Her pussy milked my cock for every drop! Her face contorted.
"Ahhhh God! You fit just right in my pussy."
Ohhhhhh! I love f f f fucking wit wit with you," she cried when she came.
We remain like that till my cock softens a little and I let her down. We're both still breathing heavily and waiting to recover. I opened the shower door and hand her a big, soft towel and get one for myself. Drying herself off, she touches herself and our combined juices are still trickling out.
Dipping a finger in her pussy, she licks it and offers some to me. I do the same "yum" we both say and laugh.
We get into our robes and enjoy our breakfast consisting of a pitcher of fresh squeezed juice, warm muffins, assorted cheeses and coffee. Looking out our windows and enjoying our view of the Highlawn, the West Side Highway and the Hudson River
and beyond.
We also talked about us. Was she too young? Sexually inexperienced for me? Was her pussy too tight? Did she like my cock? Was I too big for her? Was I able to make her cum?
After relaxing for some time, Lauren smiling wickedly at me says "want to have some more sex at the window?"
We left our robes on a chair and approached the windows, both nude. Maybe someone will see us soon.
At first we were parallel to the windows about a foot or two back. I stood holding my erect cock. I instructed her to "kneel in front of me. Hold my cock in her hand, and then lick the head! Make it nice and wet."
Then she took it in her hand "I am so horny and you are so hard!" and licked the top!
I instructed Lauren to open her mouth wide, wrap her lips around it and suck and stroke at the same time. She told me later that sucking on my cock made her very wet. Then putting on a show, I held her head still while I thrust back and forth in her mouth till I came. Swallowing my cum, licking her lips and getting back up.
"I love sex! Don't you?" she asked.
She wanted me to eat her while standing near our big windows. I let Lauren lick and wet my fingers in preparation. I started by licking her entire pussy and explore it gently with both my tongue and fingers. I found her clit, exposed it and that got her so excited she had to hold onto my shoulders for support. I continued to lick her pussy and gently sucked it in my mouth.
Waiting for Laurens' reactions, she gently cried and told me that no guy ever performed oral on her like that! I continued to gently rub her lips and told her that "You are so fucking hot! I love the way you taste."
She trembled some more and held on tight for some support. I picked up the pace of eating her! Her hands gripped me harder as her body arched back and she started to tremble.
She told me later how hot and flushed she got. It was one of the most intense orgasms she ever had.
We both rested after that.
We came back to our window about ½ hour later and noticed that there was a crowd of about a dozen people watching us. We couldn't hear them but when we approached the window again, there were waves and applause. We were next to each other. My arm went around her cupping one of firm breasts. Her flat stomach and her shaved pussy! I was naked too but my cock was partially hidden behind her ass.
We talked a little about what we wanted to do for our audience. Lauren appeared facing the window with her legs spread. Her arms out holding a window frame for support. Her breasts slightly hanging. She was already wet thinking about this.
I asked her if "she wanted me to fuck her."
"ohhhh yeah. Stick that hard cock in me."
"How bad do you want to be fucked?"
"ohhh Baby fuck me!"
"On one condition. That you're my fuck slut. Tell me that you're my fuck slut."
"Yes baby. I'm your fuck slut. You're my Master."
"Tell me again."
" YES! YES! I'm yours to fuck. Now and fuck me! "
Our dirty talk was turning us both on. I was hard already thinking about this. I approached her amazing ass. Placing a hand on each of her cheeks, I inched forward
and moved my hips so my cock rested on her open lips. I pushed in a little and pulled her back.
"ohhhhh god. You're so big."
I continued to fuck her faster.
"ohhhhhhhhhhhh god. Fuck me. Fuck me. Harder!"
"I love my cock in your tight pussy."
She pushed back and spread her legs further as I fucked her.
"Fuck me harder. Harder! I need you cock! Fuck me baby."
She was so wet already. Her tight pussy sucking me in. I withdrew my cock a little and
slid in further. Prob for the last time.
"FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"
"I love how tight you are!
It didn't take long. One time I reached around and grabbed one of her breasts and squeezed it. Then I squeezed and twisted a nipple.
The crowd swelled to about 100 people. We noticed that among the crowd were some NY Police, which tried to disperse the crowd.
With that Lauren shook and trembled. Her tight pussy was milking me non-stop. The grip it had on my cock felt just like my hand earlier. We both came and it was the best! We nearly collapsed and our audience cheered. We kept a low profile in the room just in case the Police were looking for us.
We showered one more time just to get cleaned up. Lauren hugged me, her tits crushed against me, and she was still trembling. "I never came that hard before." She confessed.
"I love that we're together. I love sex with you. "
I kissed her and replied "Me too. Me to baby."
We were both catching our breaths as we came clean.
We stepped out and dried ourselves. It was a great time we both had. Dressing and packing our bags, we were ready to check out of The Standard.