Little "Abby Gabby" was just finishing her breakfast when her father came walking into the kitchen with the morning newspaper. He took one look at the headlines and threw the paper on the table next to her. He had a disgusted look on his face.
"Your mother and I are going to work now. You have the house all to yourself."
"What's wrong Dad? You look upset."
"You would be in school right now if it wasn't for that."
He pointed to the newspaper and, without waiting for her response, walked out.
She read the headlines: "Swensen Medical Clinic Director arrested for administering illegal drug to patients."
At first she didn't know what to make of it. But as her eyes quickly scanned the text she came across a familiar name. 'So that's it!' she said to herself. 'That's why Mr. Cardelli was arrested. It's all because of this drug!'
The article detailed the circumstances leading up to the arrest of Dr. Christiana Swensen, her brother-in-law Philip Olmstead, and his wife Bonnie. There was mention of a certain Luis Ramon Hernandez, a known drug lord, and, last but not least, her beloved teacher, John Cardelli, who was now out on bail awaiting arraignment. St. Bridget's was also mentioned, but the names of her classmates were conspicuously withheld. As she read the part that accused her former teacher of being a mean, lecherous, pervert, she felt a great weight suddenly placed upon her shoulders—a weight so ominous that it threatened to crush her tiny frame into nothingness.
Since the incident at St. Bridget's, she had wrestled with the idea that she and her girlfriends had not acted ethically in their refusal to confess the truth about their part in their teacher's sexual misconduct. She knew that such an admission of complicity would result in possible dismissal from the school for herself and her classmates, but she also knew that is was wrong to withhold the truth from the authorities. Going to the police would have been the proper course of action, but she was under great pressure from her less than honorable peers to conform, and that meant keeping her mouth shut.
Abigail Rylander had always been a highly inquisitive girl, her talkativeness belying a keen and analytical intellect within. Her lilting, high-pitched voice often led her teachers to believe that she would never make a great public speaker: a prerequisite of every pupil who had any aims toward serving in the public sector. But this did not deter her. And despite her occasional bouts of running off at the mouth, she nonetheless managed to maintain very high grades, much to the chagrin of her classmates. Even when they poked fun at her for being, as they so jealously put it, a "semen-clogged brain," she found it better to combat such narrow mindedness by achieving a high grade point average rather than resorting to verbal retaliation.
She had told no one about her misgivings, certainly not her parents, and certainly not her classmates, who would have ostracized her at the first sign of insubordination. But having to suppress the truth for so long was taking its toll on the girl's conscience. For above all things, Abby was honest, and this clandestine pact created by her friends to protect their own selfish interests was something she was finding difficult to abide.
The truth was that although John Cardelli had acted irresponsibly, he had been under the influence of the drug, which had compromised his otherwise previously staunch ethical behavior. In Abigail's mind, he was less to blame than the real culprits in this whole ugly affair—Bridget Veerhoft and Helga Nelson—both of whom had exacerbated matters by acting in a sexually wanton and provocative way and orchestrating the event to the point of acting as ringleaders for the rest of the class in helping to bring about Mr. Cardelli's downfall. But, because of their pact, none of this information had been revealed to the police.
She remembered how difficult it was for her to lie to the authorities when she had been questioned a week earlier at her home, her parents having to leave the room when the more gross details of the sexual escapade were divulged. She hated the fact that she had to keep the truth hidden, and she soon began to hate herself for being so weak. But the most pressing reason why Abby found it difficult to endure the silence was because she knew that her beloved teacher was suffering. Her desire to assuage her own conscience by telling the truth, coupled with her need to comfort him, made her want to speak out in his defense.
But it was already late.
Seeing that it was now well past 8:00 AM, she remembered that she had an appointment to keep with some friends. They were going to a local mall to do some clothes shopping, something she always found time for. And her friends were not the snotty, stuck-up kind like the girls in her class. It was going to be a fun day she thought, and, in spite of her father's remark, she wasn't missing school all that much either.
"Poor Mr. Cardelli!" she said aloud as she put on her coat.
The weight continued to bear down upon her unmercifully.
************
************
The interim of time following my arrest and subsequent release was a matter of only a few hours, yet it felt like an eternity. Philip's lawyer had arrived at the police station soon after we did, and made arrangements with the judge for the setting of bail. The three of us were summarily discharged after paying a sizeable amount of money to the bailiff, but were scheduled to return to court for a preliminary hearing, which was to be held on Wednesday morning of the following week. I learned Luis was to remain in custody until the hearing, and I was glad to hear it.
Rebecca had invited me to stay with her until the media circus subsided and to keep me safe from any negative repercussions from those who had been less than satisfied about the claims I had made for my drug. Her three-bedroom chalet was located several miles north of the city in a quiet, rural area well off the beaten track. Bonnie and Philip, however, decided to take their chances by returning to their house, but they had to wait until the early morning hours to make it past the hordes of paparazzi that swarmed over their estate like flies on honey.
The Clinic had been shut down on orders from the judge. From what Rebecca had told me, Lynette had been deprived of the sperm and blood samples taken during the last experiment, and was questioned and then released. She told me that Maria had called her late the previous evening to see if I was all right, but she hadn't heard a word from Cheryl. Michelle had also called to let her know that she was actively preparing witnesses and evidence in my defense, and would be in touch with me soon. She had heard from no one else.
"This sucks Chris," she said, stretching out her long legs onto the hassock in front of her. "Are you getting the feeling that your friends are abandoning you?"
"Like rats on a sinking ship?"
"Exactly."
I took a sip of tea and drew a pillow behind my head.
"Well, let's see. Michelle called right? And Maria? And..."
"And that's it. I don't know what the fuck happened to Cheryl."
"Probably screwing her brains out with that young stud Mr. Lundquist," I said, chuckling. "She's in love with him you know."
"I think she's in love with his big nineteen-inch dick!" she laughed. "God, you created a monster with that thing!"
"I don't know how the hell he managed to get it into his pants!"
We both laughed for a few moments but quickly became serious once again.
"I've got to do something, Rebecca. He can't go around like that for who knows how long. And what's going to happen with those other men? How can they live normal lives with their genitals being compromised like that?"
"If you're asking me for advice, I have none," she said gloomily. "All the answers lied in those samples, but now they're gone."
"Yes," I said, staring into my cup, "they're gone. And with the Clinic closed my hands are completely tied."
We sat quietly for a while, ruminating on this unfortunate event.
"How's Bonnie?" Rebecca asked suddenly.
"Holding up pretty well considering what she's going through. She and Philip stand to lose the better part of their fortune. And his career...that's in shambles."
"Philip is a fool. Allowing himself to get involved with that scumbag Luis and his greasy little fiends. That's the reason you're on the hot seat right now. It's because of him."
I could not disagree with her. If Philip had simply come to me with his intentions all this could have been avoided. But he knew that I would have had to refuse him, and knowing this is what forced him to resort to subterfuge to achieve his goal.
"I'm sorry Chris," she said, trying to comfort me. "Philip is a good man but he just became too greedy. You have to admit, that drug of yours is every man's dream, sexual dysfunction or not."
"I'll be honest with you Rebecca. There are times when I wish I had never invented the thing. It's caused too much pain. Too much."
Just then the doorbell rang.
"You expecting someone?" I asked.
"Not at this hour. It's almost midnight."
I followed her to the door, anxious to see whom it was.
"Who is it?" Rebecca asked, trying to discern the image through the tiny glass hole in the door.
"Open up. It's me."
"Oh for Christ's sake! "It's Cheryl!"
Rebecca flung the door wide open.
Cheryl was holding a small metallic container in her hands and behind her stood her new boyfriend, all smiles.
"We were wondering what the hell became of you!" Rebecca exclaimed. "And look who else is here!"
"Hi Rebecca! Hi, Dr. Swensen!" Craig said, following Cheryl into the room.
"Craig!" I said, pleasantly surprised. "What are you doing here? What's going on?"
"We've got some really great news for you Dr. Swensen," Cheryl said, as she placed the container in my hands. "Look what Craig did for you."
"Bring it over here Chris," Rebecca said. "Put it on the table. What's the big secret Cheryl?"
"You'll see," the girl replied, as I gently put the metal box down.
"Go ahead doctor," Craig said. "Open it."
I tentatively lifted the lid, not knowing what to expect.
"Oh, my God!" I exclaimed, as the lid came off in my hands.
Rebecca immediately looked inside. "How the fuck did you manage to pull this off?" she said to Cheryl.
"It wasn't me. It was Craig I told you."
I removed one of the glass phials from the insulated gel packs and lifted it up into the light. It was very cold to the touch.
"They're all there. Every single sample," Craig said. "All color coded and named."
"I can't believe it," Rebecca said. "How did you get it past the cops?"
"If you remember, Cheryl and I were in my cubicle when the police came in. We knew what was going on so she and I grabbed the samples out of the cooler and gave Lynette some other phony samples to throw the police off the track. While they were occupied with her, Cheryl and I stuck the real samples in the soda machine in the back lobby. After the police were done questioning us, I pretended to get a soda and opened the machine up and took out the samples. I put them in my backpack and since the police had already inspected it, they let me go without a problem. And here you are!"
"Holy shit!" Rebecca said to Cheryl. "That's right, you have the key to all the machines. What a fucking brilliant idea. But where did you get the container?"
"I keep a few at home," Cheryl replied. "They're great for doing Jell-O shots."
At that point I didn't know whether to laugh or cry, so I did both. I must have appeared quite amusing to my friends as they watched me laugh hysterically while shedding an ocean of tears. In no time I had them all laughing with me.
"You are one beautiful man!" I said, throwing my arms around Craig and hugging him. "Do you know how much this means to me?"
"Yes, doctor I do," he replied, returning the hug.
"And you!" I said to Cheryl. "I love you so much."
I was crying so profusely now that I could barely see her reaction to my comment. But when she hugged me I knew that she was crying too. Even stalwart Rebecca was misty-eyed.
"We have to keep these samples refrigerated," she said. "I think it best to call Michelle and tell her what's going on. We have to get over to the University tomorrow and you have to develop the new and improved EJAX-472 so that this lovely boy here can...oh my! What's that?"
Craig followed her eyes down to his crotch and blushed.
"I guess I'm a little excited."
"Jesus, Craig," Cheryl laughed, noticing his erection. "And you just had the orgasm of your life."
"That was yesterday, Cheryl."
"Oh, I see. So now you're ready to go again?"
"I can control it," he replied, clearly fighting to will his erection away.
Rebecca put the samples in the refrigerator and called Michelle to inform her that she and I would be coming to the University in the morning to run tests on the samples. She then rejoined us and we talked for a few more hours.
"So that's why you gave me that smile," I said to Craig.
"Doctor?" he replied.
"You know, you kind of gave me a weird grin when I was escorted out of the Clinic."
"Oh, yeah. I couldn't very well tell you what we had done, so I tried to reassure you in the only way I could. I know it probably made you wonder more than anything."
"It did. But what I don't understand is how all those people from the media showed up so soon."
"I called them," Cheryl said.
"Youcalled them?"
"As soon as I saw the cops, I phoned the Stockholm Press and told them that something big was going down at the Clinic in regards to the drug. As you all know, they and every other paper in town have been following the story about Mr. Cardelli. I didn't think so many people would show up."
"That wasn't such a wise idea Cheryl," I said dismayed. "The last thing I wanted was to bring this kind of attention to my experiments before they were completed. Now the press will never leave me alone."
"I'm sorry doctor," she replied downcast. "I thought maybe you would want to tell them what really happened. You need them on your side right now."
Rebecca poked me in the arm. "You know Christiana, she's right. If you can get the support of the media behind you, you've got it made. Don't forget, you're still an innocent victim here. It's Philip who has committed the crime, not you."
"But I'm guilty by association."
"Extenuating circumstances! He ripped you off for Christ's sake!"
"I think it's your brother-in-law and that idiot Luis who are the ones in real trouble doctor," Craig said. "All the guys and I...well, we're going to stand up for you in any case."
"And Michelle and the others will do the same," Cheryl added.
Despite their positive prediction, I still felt dubious. "I just hope my sister's lawyer knows what the hell he's doing."
We sat around talking for few more minutes about other matters, but my mind was preoccupied with the hearing. Cheryl looked at Craig and gave him a wink.
"I think it's time to go home," she said, during a lull in the conversation.
"I won't hear of it," Rebecca said. "It's late. You guys can stay here for the night. I've got an extra bedroom."
"We don't want to impose upon you Rebecca."
"Don't be silly. My house is your house."
Without further debate, Craig and Cheryl were shown to their room and shortly thereafter I heard the door close followed by some giggling.
"I think I'm going to turn in too," Rebecca said with a yawn. "We have a big day ahead of us."
"The shelf life of those samples is only a few days under these conditions," I said. "It's either tomorrow or never."
"Get some sleep," she said, giving me a kiss on the cheek.
I had only been sleeping a few hours before I was awakened by noises coming from the master bedroom, which was adjacent to mine. For a minute I thought Rebecca had left her television set on, as she often did before going to sleep. I got out of bed and put my bathrobe on and gently tiptoed into her bedroom. Pushing aside the door I noticed that the television set was off, but on the bed were three bodies all coiled around each other in a tangled mess of frenzied lust.
"Oh!" I exclaimed.
Upon hearing me, they froze. I made a quick apology and turned to go.
"No, wait!"
It was Rebecca's voice. "Come in, Chris."
"This is not my thing Rebecca. You know that."
"Please," she said softly. "You don't have to do anything. Just stay with me for a little while."
"Why do you need me? You already seem to have your hands full."
"This is really so beautiful, Chris. It's not like you think. There's a lot of love here. We're your friends for heaven's sake. Nobody's going to think the less of you."
I hesitated for a few seconds, imagining what it would be like to partake in their blissful union.
"It's okay doctor Swensen," Cheryl said. "We'd like you to join us but if you're tired we won't bother you."
Craig kept silent, but I could make out his facial features in the dim light and I saw a look of expectation in his eyes.
"Look Chris, if you don't want to join in, it's fine. Why don't you go back to bed? We'll try to be quiet."
I sensed the disappointment in Rebecca's voice. I knew that she had been in love with me for a very long time, but I could only return her love in a sisterly fashion. Now that an unusual opportunity had presented itself to her, she was taking a chance that maybe she could finally entice me into having sex with her, in whatever context that might be. The truth was that I cared dearly about all three of them, though I had no romantic feelings for any of them. Did they really just expect me to sit and watch as they engaged in sex?
"How long are you going to stand in that doorway gawking at us?" Rebecca joked.
I stood there for a few moments and then, to my surprise, I found myself walking into her room.
"I'll stay for a little while, but don't expect much."
"Nobody is forcing you to do anything you don't want to do Chris. We're all friends here."
She reached out her hand to me and I sat beside her on the bed.
"Lie down and enjoy the show."
Propping my head up with several pillows, I leaned back and watched as the lovemaking commenced.
Craig, it seemed, had been fucking Cheryl from behind, and picking up where he left off, drove his enormous cock in and out of her with wild abandon. Rebecca's legs were spread out before her so that she could watch the young girl feast on the triangle of hair between them. At times she would grab my arm tightly as Cheryl's tongue drove her into fits of ecstasy.
It was one thing for me to be watching, or even participating to a small degree, in the sexual relations of people who were part of my studies at the Clinic, but quite another to merely sit and watch. In the first instance, I was in control and could choose to participate if I wished. But in the scenario taking place before me, I was merely a passive observer, and although the opportunity to get involved was still there, I was reluctant to take it. I was reluctant because I was unsure of how I would ultimately respond to the loving attentions of my friends. The truth was that I was afraid of lowering my sexual defenses to the degree that I might actually lose control in front of them; that they may see me in a less than desirable light. And losing control was, to me, something I had always regarded as a weakness in others, and ultimately in myself—whether imagined or not.
As I watched the three of them enjoy themselves, I began to feel like I was invisible—an incorporeal voyeur who could look but not touch. In the semi-darkness of the bedroom, the scene took on an almost surreal aspect—limbs akimbo, bodies undefined—and the only thing that made me aware that anything was going on at all was the persistent sound of Craig's cock and balls slamming into Cheryl's vagina, and her increasing moans of pleasure.
"Oh God," she cried. "Your big dick is making me cum!"
Enthused by her response, Craig gripped both her ass cheeks and used his cock as a battering ram, driving all nineteen inches of his enormous tool deep into her climaxing cunt.
"That's it baby!" she screamed.
I watched Cheryl's entire body shudder as her orgasm swept over her, and then she grew still, a smile of immense satisfaction spreading across her face.
"That was so nice!" she purred, as Craig slowly withdrew his glistening prick.
Cheryl motioned for him to move on top of Rebecca, but he looked a bit unsure.
"Come on big boy," Rebecca said to him. "Fuck your mama good."
"Are you okay with this?" he asked Cheryl.
"I'm in a generous mood today. Give the lady what she wants."
He wasted no time mounting Rebecca, who already had her legs raised high in the air in anticipation of his entrance into her cunt.
"Be careful with that thing," she warned him as the tip of his cock disappeared into her gaping slit.
Soon he had more than half of his meat plunging in and out of her at a dizzying tempo, and she was demanding more of him all the time.
"Oh, just shove the fucking thing all the way in you son of a bitch!" she screamed, as her hips rose up to meet each thrust.
Cheryl had lowered her head onto Rebecca's tits and began sucking each one in turn. I watched the young girl make love to the luscious twin mounds of flesh, and as I watched her tongue tease the erect nipples I suddenly began to feel aroused. It surprised me that I should feel this way toward two of my closest friends, but it did make sense. Most of my sexual studies with people were conducted in a sterile, clinical fashion. But now I was sitting on a bed with people that I actually had feelings toward, and the atmosphere was sensual and erotic; the very antithesis of the environment I had become accustomed to in my medical work. I would try and let go a little bit, but I could not lose control. My hand gently fell onto Rebecca's breast.
"That feels nice Cheryl," Rebecca said, with eyes closed.
"It's not me," the girl replied.
Rebecca suddenly opened her eyes.
"Oh, it's you!" she said, surprised to see my fingers playing with her nipples.
"Do you mind?" I asked her, as I continued to run my fingers over the unfamiliar terrain.
"No! It's great. Keep doing that Chris...yeah, just like that."
Cheryl nursed on one breast while I played with the other. I could tell that Craig was extremely turned on to see both of us teasing Rebecca. He fucked her with all his strength, and I watched in fascination as she absorbed the full measure of him, whimpering like a baby as she felt herself on the verge of cumming.
"Oh yeah, that's it mother fucker!" she cried. "Mama's gonna cream all over your big fuck stick!"
Knowing that her orgasm was imminent, I decided to join Cheryl and lowered my mouth to Rebecca's breast and took the nipple gently between my lips. When she saw that, it sent her over the edge.
"Oh God, Chris! Suck me hard baby!"
I took her entire nipple into my mouth and let my tongue run back and forth over the swollen bud with rapid, deliberate motions. It actually felt quite enjoyable to bring her so much pleasure from so simple an effort. I looked at Craig. His face was flushed and his monstrous penis flexed with each plunge into her heated cunt. All his concentration was focused on making Rebecca cum. I had to marvel at his stamina.
"Just like that Craig baby!" Rebecca screamed. "You're gonna make me cum. Yeah. I'm fucking cumming!"
Rebecca stopped humping him and raised her lower body up and held it there as his thrusts continued to assail her. I watched as a pinkish glow emanated from the top of her head and worked its way downward across the valley between her tits and then lose itself in the landscape beyond her thighs. Her mouth was parted slightly as she came and I kissed her fully on the lips just as she was coming down from her orgasm.
"We're full of surprises tonight aren't we?" she said, basking in the afterglow.
"I wanted to make you happy," I said.
"Oh, you made me very happy. It was so nice, Chris."
She ran her fingers lightly across my face. "You're such a beautiful woman."
Craig withdrew his cock from her and rolled over onto one side beside Cheryl.
"Jesus Christ that was good!" Rebecca said to him as she slapped him gently on his ass.
He smiled, his chest heaving up and down rapidly.
"Aren't you glad you stayed doctor?" Cheryl asked.
"It was quite an experience."
"Oh, come on Christiana," Rebecca said, regaining some of her composure. "Don't be so fucking formal."
"All right. Yes, I'm glad I stayed. It was fucking great."
"That's more like it," she said, laughing.
Rebecca looked at me as if trying to interpret my thoughts, unsure whether she should make any overt sexual overtures or simply play it safe and be discreet.
"What are you thinking?" she said to me.
"I tried it and it felt nice, but I could never swing both ways."
"Okay, so you don't like girls so much. But it wasn't so bad was it? I mean, kissing me like that?"
"No, it wasn't bad at all," I replied. "But don't expect anything more."
She smiled. "I'm not asking for anything Chris. Just your friendship."
"That you will always have."
Cheryl noticed that Craig's erection had not subsided.
"What are we going to do about this?" she asked him, playfully rocking his cock back and forth with her hand.
"I think we should jerk him off," Rebecca said. "You were just about to cum anyway weren't you Craig?"
"Pretty much. It's tough holding back an orgasm with that drug inside you."
"It's tough for you men to hold back orgasms in any case," I said. "I have to admit that you've shown remarkable control. More than any of the others."
"That's all well and good," Rebecca replied. "But I don't want him shooting his spunk all over my room if you don't mind."
"Why don't we take him into the bathroom?" Cheryl suggested. "He could jerk off in the tub while we watch." She looked at Craig. "Is that okay with you?"
"I don't mind," he said genially. "I just have to do it soon. It's starting to get uncomfortable."
"I can see that from here," I said, staring at his already expanding sac. "I'm sorry you have to endure this, especially the growth spurt with your penis."
"It's okay doctor. I'm actually getting used to having this huge thing between my legs. And my orgasms have never been better."
"Well," Rebecca said, fondling his throbbing shaft, "what are we waiting for? Let's go to the bathroom and give the man a helping hand!"
What started out as a simple masturbation turned into a long, drawn-out ritual, with Craig being soaped up and showered by my two sexy friends. I even got to wash his backside, at times letting my soapy hands delve deep between the cleft in his ass checks to reach his scrotum from behind.
After we got him clean, Cheryl applied some hand lotion to her palms and began to slowly masturbate him while Rebecca and I took up seats on the raised tiled platform that ran along one edge of the wall. Eventually she left him alone to stoke himself while she joined us, sitting between Rebecca and me. He stood at the rear of the tub facing the shower side of the wall, his huge, soapy penis rising vertically up at an acute angle toward the showerhead. At first he seemed a bit awkward as he pulled away on his long shaft, feeling uncomfortable at being the sole center of attention. However, between our encouragement and the effects of drug, he was soon masturbating in earnest, quite oblivious to anything except getting his cock to release the creamy load of sperm within.
"That's it Craig," Rebecca said. "You're working up a nice lather now."
"All I see are suds!" Cheryl complained. "What kind of lotion is that?"
"It's called 'Last-X'," I said. I developed it years ago as an experimental masturbation cream. When it reacts with water it's more like soap. I had no idea you still kept some of it around."
"You'd be surprised at some of the things I have in my little drawer of tricks," Rebecca winked, as she watched the thick suds landing all around the bottom of the tub.
Craig grabbed hold of a long, chrome bar that ran horizontally along the side of the tub for support as the pleasurable sensations began to overtake him. His hand sped up and down over the length of his cock sending portions of the foamy lotion flying in all directions.
"This stuff is amazing!" he exclaimed. "It really makes your cock stiff."
"Your cock is stiff enough as it is," Cheryl said.
"And watch what you're doing," Rebecca added. "You're getting those suds all over my floor."
"Oh, sorry," he said between gasps.
We watched him masturbate himself for a few minutes longer with detached interest. I myself had always enjoyed seeing sperm come flying out of a man's cock, especially when they did it themselves, and I found it very erotic to see a man pleasure himself without any female intervention whatsoever. I had come to realize at a very early age that I got a big thrill out of being a voyeur: and this odd proclivity of mine carried over quite nicely into my professional life as well.
When I was eighteen years old I had inadvertently opened the bathroom door at my uncle's house only to find him jerking off while sitting on the toilet. He was so absorbed in what he was doing that he didn't notice that the door was partly open. I peeked in and watched him stroke his huge prick frantically while he stared at some picture of a woman in a magazine. In a short while he grunted and out from his penis came this long, arcing jet of white cream that went flying across the room, quickly followed by several more. I had never seen such a thing before and it made me feel at once wicked and extremely turned on. I wondered when and if men would look at me like that someday and do the same thing.
"I love watching a guy jerk off," I suddenly blurted out.
"No kidding!" Rebecca said, hardly regarding it as a revelation. "I think you've seen more sperm expended in the name of science that any woman alive."
Cheryl found this highly amusing. "They should call you Dr. Cum."
"Ha!" Craig said, his fist flying up and down his frothy pole at lightning speed. "You ladies crack me up!"
"Just pay attention to what you're doing," Rebecca said. "We don't have all night."
"Yes, ma'am," the boy replied, close to orgasm. "Won't be long now."
"Try and aim it down into the tub," Rebecca advised. "That way I can just turn on the tap and wash all the goo right down."
"You're so fussy Rebecca!" Cheryl said. "Let him have his fun."
I laughed. "If he aims it down we won't be able to see his climax from this angle."
"Well let's just move up a little closer," Rebecca said. "I don't want to miss this."
The three of us stood up and positioned ourselves on the edge of the tub looking down. Most of the lotion had dissipated and only a thin film remained on the surface of his cock.
"God, I wish you could do me right now Cheryl," he said, gritting his teeth.
"No," she said firmly. "We want you to entertain us. Keep stroking that big fucking dick of yours and let's see some spunk."
"Yeah, let's see it fly," I said.
"Hey, Craig?" Rebecca said lifting her gorgeous legs onto the rim of the tub. "Does this help?"
"Oh, God!" he moaned, looking down at the spectacular scenery before him.
"Come on ladies," she said. "Get your legs up here too!"
Cheryl and I willingly obliged and soon he had three sets of lovely legs to feast his eyes upon.
"I knew you were a leg man the first time I saw you look at me," Cheryl said to him, wiggling her toes back and forth.
"I... I admit it," he gasped, as his orgasm drew closer. "You all have beautiful legs."
"Do you really mean that?" Rebecca asked coyly.
"Absolutely!" he replied, slowing down his hand to prolong his orgasm. "You all have...very long and shapely legs...and beautiful toes too. It's almost too much for a man to bear."
He stopped his hand for a moment to stare longingly at our legs and let out a low moan.
"Oh God," he wailed. "What I wouldn't give to shoot my cum all over these beautiful feet!"
The three of us looked at each other and laughed.
"What do you say girls?" Rebecca asked. "Anyone need some foot lotion?"
"Oh yeah!" Cheryl said. "I'd love to give him a footjob!"
"I have no problem with it," I said, "as long as it doesn't go anywhere else."
Craig was elated. "I'm yours ladies. All yours!"
"Since Cheryl and I gave you the privilege of fucking us," Rebecca said, "you can get down on your knees and show us your gratitude by shooting a gallon of your grade-A cream all over our legs and feet. Start pumping—fast!"
"Yes, ma'am!"
In a second the boy was on his knees fisting himself as if for his very life. He told us how happy he was that he could show his appreciation to us all in this fashion, and we teased him incessantly to heighten his arousal.
"I think we should all extend our legs over the tub," Rebecca said. "This way we can just hose the stuff off."
Craig reacted with delight as we positioned our legs on three separate planes perpendicular to his huge schlong. Cheryl stuck the big toe of her left foot just under his enormously distended sac, teasing his swollen, cum-filled testicles with glee.
"Come on little sperm," she joked. "It's time to come out and play!"
Not to be outdone, Rebecca lifted one of her very long legs and held it up, exposing the sole of her foot to him.
"My feet are just dying for a protein treatment," she laughed. "Got sperm?"
All of us laughed, even Craig.
"I'd say he's got plenty, don't you Craig?" I said, bouncing my legs up and down.
"Oh, doctor Swensen," he said almost out of breath. "You're going to see how much...right now!"
His balls tightened up suddenly and his fist became barely visible.
"Here it comes girls!" Rebecca shrieked.
As he lunged forward, all of us started giggling like excited schoolgirls, kicking our legs high up in the air in the direction of the expectant spray. Rebecca's legs, being longest, rose up majestically between the two sets of smaller legs that belonged to Cheryl and me, her brilliant red toenails acting as sexual beacons for the oncoming wash of sperm.
"Oh, my God!" Craig screamed, as he pointed the tip of his climaxing prick at our waiting limbs.
The first thick rope of semen shot out of his cock and splashed into the soles of Rebecca's feet, saturating her long and shapely toes before bouncing off and hitting its secondary target—my right foot—with such force that it skimmed off the top and impacted with the ceramic tiles above, forming several rivulets of cum that quickly flowed down into the basin.
The three of us screamed with laughter.
"What a shot!" Cheryl laughed, barely able to keep her legs raised.
Rebecca wriggled her toes, luxuriating in the sensuous feeling of the thick sperm coating, watching with delight as the overflow washed over her graceful ankles and lower leg.
"Get your legs up there Cheryl!" she ordered.
Cheryl complied, and none too soon.
The next climax was even greater than the first. Straining forward, Craig cupped his balls with one hand and massaged the tip of his cock furiously, causing a violent eruption of silvery semen that lacquered the young girl's entire left leg from knee to toe, with ample portions of goo finding its way onto both of Rebecca's legs and my outstretched left foot. Another arc of cum immediately followed that missed all of us completely and met its creamy dissolution in the tiles above.
"This is incredible!" I said, watching the pasty salvo trickle down from the wall above me.
"Come on!" Cheryl yelled. "Get it on my legs!"
Craig was jerking his cock like a madman, determined to milk every last drop of cum he could from his superheated balls. In deference to her wish, he pointed his prick directly at the soles of her feet as we watched another jet of semen spurt from his excited tool.
"Oh, fuck!" he screamed as the white sauce flew out of his cock in one very long arc, rising high up in the air before landing on both of Cheryl's waiting legs and feet in one glorious burst.
The girl shouted her approval at the spectacular cumshot, rubbing her feet together to play with the slippery sperm.
"This is so fucking hot!" she said, laughing hard.
"Hey Chris!" Rebecca exclaimed, looking at my relatively unscathed limbs. "You hardly got touched!"
Craig screamed again.
Seeing that he was again about to explode, Rebecca lowered her legs purposely so that my legs were now completely exposed to the forthcoming onslaught of sperm. It only took a few seconds before another volley of cum was heading in my direction. The trajectory was a bit high, so I lifted my legs to intercept the stream, shrieking as it splashed into the toes of both feet and then ricocheted off in all directions, some of which landed on my upper legs.
"Are you happy now?" I said to Rebecca, as both girls screamed with joy.
Craig suddenly grabbed both of Cheryl's feet and stuck his cock between her already cum-soaked toes, driving it in and out with great speed.
"I'm...sorry!" he gasped, his face contorted with lust. "I can't fucking stand it anymore!"
Although surprised, Cheryl graciously allowed him to fuck her feet in this fashion, finding it highly amusing.
Her feet were delicate and tiny, her toenails unpainted but meticulously maintained. I noticed that the toes, like Rebecca's, were longish but not ungainly. In fact, they looked like the attractive and pristine toes of a foot model. Craig clutched her feet with both hand now, the soft, slippery soles caressing the firm yet tender flesh of his manhood, her toes gripping the side of his shaft directly under the tip. All was covered in sperm and suds.
Rebecca shifted her position suddenly, so that she was sitting on the side of the
tub with her feet resting on the bottom.
"Come on Chris," she said laughing. "Let's play 'catch the cum'."
With that she cupped both her hands and placed them directly underneath Craig's cock, now on the verge of emptying its milky contents yet again.
With the sperm still clinging to my legs, I did as she asked and was soon cupping my hands in front of his cock in similar fashion.
"Whoever gets the most wins!" she squealed, as the first rope came flying out.
The sperm sailed right over her outstretched hands and into my cupped hands.
"Wow!" she said, looking at the huge pool of sperm I was how holding. "Nice catch!"
Cheryl was reacting to all this with absolute delight. She rubbed her feet up and down over his cock trying to provoke another cumshot.
"I think he's going to cum again!" she laughed.
And as if in compliance to her whim, Craig's balls brought forth another expulsion of pearly sperm globules that splashed into Rebecca's waiting hands. Unfortunately, most of it landed on her arms and she looked at Craig feeling betrayed.
"Another please," she said coaxing him.
Obeying her, he pointed his cock straight into her open palms and shot off another round of sticky sperm that overflowed her hands and careened over the top of her fingers down onto the basin floor in long, stringy clumps.
"Dr. Swensen!" Cheryl hollered. "Don't let her get it all. She's such a hog!"
"A hog?" I replied, laughing so hard that the next milky blast escaped both our waiting hands.
"I'm sorry Chris," Rebecca said. "If you don't mind, I really need to do this."
Disregarding my puzzled stare, she poured the contents of Craig's creamy seed all over his cock and Cheryl's feet, bathing everything with a heavy coating of sperm, and without waiting for a reply, my horny friend and colleague placed her open mouth directly in front of his spurting tool.
"Keep going Cheryl!" she said.
Obliging, the girl masturbated him quickly, her feet flying back and forth along the immense length of him.
In less than a few seconds I watched as Craig's cock released a humongous load of cream into Rebecca's mouth. The force of the ejaculation was such that part of the stream splashed off her upper lip and into her nostrils and beyond, coating her forehead and blonde bangs with layers of hot spunk. The major portion however found its way straight into her waiting mouth, and she swallowed what she could before letting the rest drip out and onto her tits. Several more streams followed and she treated them almost the same way, letting the bulk of the sperm cascade down her throat while Cheryl and I watched the remainder fly high up into the air and all over the tiles.
With her mouth full of cum, she now turned to Cheryl and spit the contents into the young girl's mouth. Cheryl gave Rebecca a deep kiss and then returned the favor. Rebecca looked at me questioningly, her face dripping with cum. I shook my head and smiled and she took the hint. Cheryl again opened her mouth wide to accept Rebecca's creamy gift, and with one loud gulp the young girl swallowed the whole gooey mess. Craig's prick was finally drained and he fell backward on his haunches, exhausted.
All of us then got cleaned up. Craig, Cheryl, and Rebecca showered together and I used the bathroom downstairs to rid myself of the sticky residue. We all got to sleep somewhere around 4:00 AM and slept to well after 12:00 noon.
Cheryl drove Craig home around 12:30 PM and I told her to go home after that to await my instructions. Michelle had left several messages on Rebecca's machine, but Rebecca told her that we would not be arriving until mid-afternoon at the University. Michelle had sounded upset, Rebecca told me.
"And why not?" I said. "We should have never stayed up so late playing those games. There's a lot at stake here Rebecca."
"I'm not going to argue with you boss, because you're right. Once again I let my horniness get in the way."
"I'm just as much to blame as anybody."
"That's not true. I'm the one who dragged you into it."
"All right, let's not start with the guilt trips please. We all enjoyed ourselves but now we've got work to do. Let's have something to eat and get our asses over there. Give Michelle a call and let her know we'll be there in an hour."
Rebecca and I arrived at the school lab just after 1:30 PM. Needless to say, Michelle was angry with both of us for what she termed our "irresponsible behavior" in not arriving at the University earlier in the day, as we had agreed. Jennifer and Sheila gave us little sympathy.
"What do you expect me to say?" Sheila said, holding the samples in her hand. "Do you give a shit what happens to your patients or not?"
"Of course I do Sheila," I replied. "But there were extenuating circumstances involved."
She looked at me with disdain. "Rebecca told Michelle all about your 'extenuating circumstances'. I never thought you'd let your lust overcome your common sense."
"Don't blame her," Rebecca said. "I'm the one who persuaded her to join us."
"Since when does Dr. Christiana Swensen not have a mind of her own?" Jennifer stated abruptly. "All of us are giving up time with our own patients so that we can prevent these bastards from destroying your career. This deserves your utmost consideration."
"Leave her alone Jen," Michelle said. "She knows all that." She turned to me. "What do you want us to do Chris?"
"Do you have complete access to the biogenics lab?"
"For the next 48 hours. It's the best I could do."
"If we don't resolve this issue within the next day or two, then it's the end...of everything."
"Well what the fuck are we waiting around here for?" Sheila said. "Let's take these samples into the lab and get to work!"
We utilized split shifts, with Rebecca and I working a straight four-hour period and Michelle, Sheila, and Jennifer working the next four-hour interval. It was difficult work, even with equipment that rivaled my own at the Clinic. The fortunate aspect was that four of us had been trained in genetics and had the expertise to attack the problem from different angles. This in itself was a blessing. Jennifer, with her background in gynecology, could not offer much help along those lines, but her unparalled knowledge of the pathologies associated with the human reproductive system was immensely useful to me in matters that dealt strictly with those unique vagaries of human sexual dysfunction.
On the afternoon of the second day, I had formulated a new and distinct version of EJAX-472 that would correct for the adrenalin problem and thereby prevent the involuntary ejaculation response. The re-sequencing of the problematical genetic code was also addressed thanks to Rebecca's painstaking efforts and a prototype of the drug was synthesized for oral administration.
"Okay," Michelle said. "Who's going to be the guinea pig?"
Without a word I took out my cell phone and dialed Craig's number.
Within a half hour he and Cheryl had arrived at the school's lab, both of them looking anxious and somewhat tense. After fully explaining to him the nature of the test, he relaxed a little bit and I then had him remove all his pants and underwear, leaving only his undershirt on.
"I'll need you to get an erection," I told him. "Then you must drink the serum. If it works, your penis should retract to its normal length of nine inches."
"What do you mean 'if' doctor?" I thought you had this thing nailed."
"It will work," Sheila said, trying to compensate for my lack of faith. "I think she's just nervous that's all."
"Cheryl, if you please," Rebecca said, handing her some lube. "Get him hard but don't make him cum. Do you understand Craig?"
"No problem Rebecca," he smiled.
Standing there with only his tee shirt on before me and the other doctors had become by this time routine for him. He happily let Cheryl apply the cream to his flaccid penis and then we all watched as her sensuous handjob brought him to full erection in less than a minute.
"My God," Jennifer exclaimed, examining his rigid pole. "Have you put on some more inches? It looks bigger than it did before."
"Let me take a measurement," Michelle said, reaching for a tape measure.
"It doesn't seem bigger," Craig said, as Michelle ran the tape measure from base to tip.
Her face brightened. "Jennifer, you must have the eyes of an eagle. He's added another half inch."
She held the tape up for all of us to see. He was now indeed a full twenty inches in length.
"Well, let's try the serum," I said.
I handed Craig a little cup full of the reddish liquid and he drank it down in one gulp.
"What happens now doctor?" he said.
"Now we wait."
We had him lay down on an examining table while we waited for the drug to take effect. A few times Cheryl had to stimulate him to keep his cock stiff, but for the most part he was able to maintain his erection without much help. About five minutes had passed when Michelle's friend and superior, Dr. Anna Hagstrom, came into the lab with about two dozen young student nurses, all of whom looked to be in their early to mid twenties. Dr. Hagstrom had allowed Michelle to conduct tests on my behalf on the condition that she and her students could witness the test.
"Ah," Dr. Hagstrom said, looking at the huge cock bobbing before her, "I see now what you mean!"
She laughed and the girls laughed with her. Michelle was not amused however.
"This is serious doctor. This boy has suffered greatly from the effects of the drug."
"It does not look to me that he is suffering so much," she said, running her thin fingers over the firm flesh. Craig recoiled at her touch. "What are we seeing here?"
She was a rather tall woman with severe features and long auburn hair pulled back into a ponytail. I guessed her age to be somewhere around her late forties.
"The subject has just been given the improved version of the drug," I said. "His penis should be reverting to its normal length of nine inches momentarily."
"My husband would kill to have such a monstrous beauty like this," she said, unable to keep her hands off Craig's cock. "Do you mind if I stoke it a little young man?"
Craig was abashed. "Er... no, I guess."
"We mustn't induce orgasm just yet," Michelle said. "Not until his penis has shrunk back down to its normal size."
"Ah, such a work of art!" she said, admiring the shape and texture of his prick. "What do you think ladies?" she asked the students. "Come closer and have a look at this wonderful sexual organ!"
Dr. Hagstrom seemed quite enamored of Craig's huge tool, inspecting it from all angles and inviting each one of her students to do the same.
"I've never seen a penis this big before Dr. Hagstrom," said one of the girls with eyes wide, as she rubbed her hands over the silky, soft crown.
"You've never seen a penis, period!" another girl joked.
"And who is this marvelous Dr. Swensen?" she asked Michelle.
"I'm Christiana Swensen," I said, extending my hand.
Dr. Hagstrom accepted it graciously.
"Michelle has told me so much about you. I have been dying to talk to you for some time now but my schedule lately has been so...well erratic, for want of a better word. When she told me that you were having problems with the authorities I almost did not allow this, but seeing that you are innocent...well, we doctors must stick together, is that so my dear?"
"Yes, doctor," I said, with a grateful smile.
"We have to stick together I tell you Christiana. May I call you that? It was my mother's own name and a beautiful name it is for a most beautiful woman."
I blushed despite myself.
"Ah! But I did not mean to make you feel self-conscious! I am a woman who speaks her mind always. Sometimes people do not like what I have to say, but I always say what I mean."
"Believe me, she'll let you know!" Michelle said.
"I think that is a wonderful trait to have doctor," I said.
"You are wise and beautiful and I like you! Yes, Christiana, I do like you very much. Is that strange to you? A perfect stranger tells you that they like you and yet they hardly know you? No. You know how I know you are a good person? Because of the work you do, that's how. Unselfish, honorable, decent. To spend your life trying to ease the pain and suffering in this world, that is the mark of a loving heart. That is you my dear. And the same goes for all these lovely young ladies. All their work is done in the service of mankind. There is no higher calling than that is there?"
"I don't believe so doctor."
"Ah, well! I sometimes talk too much. May I ask you if it is all right that my students stay and watch your young man's transformation. It is a phenomenon they may never witness again."
"You and your students are most welcome to stay and watch. And I thank you for letting me use your facilities. It was most gracious of you."
"Ah, so formal! Is she not formal Michelle? Relax my dear doctor Christiana. We do not stand on formality here!"
She gave me a big smile and returned with Michelle in tow to her excited students who were busy discussing the monstrosity that wavered before them like an untamed behemoth. A few of them had actually struck up a conversation with the handsome young man.
"Does it hurt?" a pretty, brown-haired girl asked.
"No, it doesn't hurt. It just feels uncomfortable sometimes."
"May I touch it?"
"Help yourself. Everybody else does."
Cheryl seemed displeased.
"I don't know if I like every damn girl fondling you like this," she whispered in Craig's ear.
"Are you jealous?"
"A little bit, yes. I'll be happy when they stop using you like a show animal."
"I'll be happy when there's no trace of this drug left inside me."
Cheryl let her hand drift to his chest, watching with increasing dismay as a host of other female hands poked and prodded the muscular torso, paying special attention to the giant rod standing straight and tall between his legs.
A few more minutes went by as Craig endured the groping and casual inspection of his private parts by Dr. Hagstrom's curious students, feeling more and more like some exotic zoo specimen on display. Some of the more brazen girls would actually grip his penis and try to masturbate him until Dr. Hagstrom reprimanded them for acting indiscriminately.
"No, no, no!" she scolded them. "After his penis returns to normal, then we masturbate him!"
"Oh, great!" Cheryl scoffed. "Here we go again!"
Craig simply let out a long sigh and looked at me with a helpless grin.
"I'm sorry," I said to him. "We had to agree to Dr. Hagstrom's terms otherwise we would not have been able to conduct our tests. I promise that this is the last time you will have to go through with this.""That would be nice Dr. Swensen," Cheryl said, looking peeved.
Craig simply smiled at me and took Cheryl's hand.
"We should be seeing some kind of reaction by now Chris," Michelle said.
"Do you feel anything Craig?" I asked him.
"I feel horny if you must know."
"That's because they can't take their hands off you!" Cheryl said, glaring at the host of girls surrounding him.
"Ah, do not be concerned," Dr. Hagstrom said to Cheryl as her hands glided along the length of Craig's tool. "Once this beautiful penis shrinks down, he will give the girls an orgasm and then you can all go home."
"Well it won't shrink down if you keep touching him!" Cheryl exploded.
"Ah, you must be the girlfriend huh? Okay. Ladies, all of you back off and let the boy alone. Okay miss? We all wait together now."
Having said that, Dr. Hagstrom pulled up a chair and started to converse with Michelle, Jennifer, and Sheila. Cheryl didn't say another word, but I could tell that Craig was disturbed by her outburst.
"Can I see you for a minute?" Rebecca said, pulling me away from Craig.
"What's up?" I asked.
"What's up with her you mean," she said, nodding in Dr. Hagstrom's direction. "She has no right to be here Chris. You're conducting this test, not her."
"She has every right to be here. She's the head of the entire medical department and without her help you and I would not be standing here right now."
"But she's interfering with things. Look at the way she just barged in, and with all these girls too."
"Those girls are here to learn. And what difference should it make to you anyway?"
"Do you think Craig appreciates being gawked at like some kind of freak? Look at him!"
"He understands what's at stake. You're beginning to sound like Cheryl."
"I'm not jealous of her so don't even suggest it. I just don't like strangers interfering with our work, that's all."
"What would you have me do? The Clinic is closed, and I need to help this man. Not tomorrow—today. And this woman was kind enough to open the doors of the University science labs to me. All she asked in return is that she be allowed to observe. I don't see how that constitutes interfering."
"Just remember Chris, she's Michelle's boss, not yours. I would keep your guard up if I were you. She may be trying to steal some of your secrets or something."
"You make me feel like I'm in some kind of spy novel for heaven's sake."
Rebecca had never been one to play the part of an alarmist, so when on those rare occasions that she did voice a negative opinion about someone, I listened. I found nothing about Dr. Hagstrom's personality that I would have considered questionable. In fact, upon first meeting her, I felt an uncanny closeness to the woman, no doubt bred by her gregariousness and candor. Yes, she did seem a bit eccentric in her manner, but this in and of itself was no reason to suspect the woman of possessing anything but an idiosyncratic nature, and certainly not sufficient grounds to accuse her of harboring ulterior motives. However, to my friend's great relief, I had already decided to keep every record of the experiment safely under lock and key, so that even Michelle and my other colleagues had no access to the final results, which themselves contained the very genetic structural schema of the drug. In addition, the two most essential equations were excluded from the final written formula; only Rebecca and I knew what they were. Without such vital information, the recreation of the drug could never be accomplished, and Rebecca and I would remain the only ones who would be able to successfully replicate the genetic codes.
"I'm glad you did that Christiana," she said, appeased. "I can't put my finger on it, but there's just something about that woman I don't trust."
"Dr. Swensen," said Craig suddenly. "Something's going on!"
In an instant the combined female population descended upon the hapless young man, curious to see what was transpiring.
"Is he losing his erection?" I heard somebody say.
"Give him room!" Dr. Hagstrom ordered her students.
The horde of girls fell back, allowing me access to my terrified patient.
"He's shrinking Dr. Swensen!" Cheryl said, pointing to Craig's prick. "Look!"
"Doctor? Are you there?" Craig said, nervously.
"Here I am," I said, grabbing his hand.
"It's not like it's growing soft. It feels totally different. And my sac is getting smaller too!"
"It's okay," I said. "The cellular walls of your penis and scrotum are contracting, returning to their normal state."
"But it feels like my cock's going to disappear. I won't disappear will it?"
"No, of course not. The effects of the growth hormone have been disrupted, that's why you feel so strange. It should all be over in a few moments. Just hang in there."
I had to admit that he bore it like a trooper. Any man witnessing the gradual diminution of his penis would have thought it was the end of the world, but Craig once again proved himself to be very courageous. He accepted the fact that his penis was merely reverting to its normal size, despite the fear that it might vanish altogether due to some cryptic manifestation of the drug that might have gone unaccounted for. His panic was due more to the vague sensations he was experiencing more than anything else. Holding my hand tightly with one hand and Cheryl's with the other, he kept his eyes focused upon his dwindling cock, trusting both in my scientific expertise and my promise of a return to normal health.
"Ah, look at that will you!" Dr. Hagstrom exclaimed. "Is this not something incredible to witness?"
It was a slow but dramatic dissolution. His penis did not grow flaccid but remained hard as inch after inch disappeared, his shaft contracting until his proper dimensions became more apparent. It was like watching some science fiction movie in which special effects are used to depict an otherworldly physical transformation. But this time the transformation was real.
All the women looked on in awed silence, completely absorbed with Craig's momentous change. Further down his cock shrank, until at last the process stopped of its own accord, his penis still fully erect.
"Measure it, please," I said to Michelle.
She took the tape measure as she had done earlier and took the measurement.
"You did it Chris!" she exclaimed. "He's back to nine inches!"
"It worked!" Cheryl shouted. "You're normal again!"
She hugged and kissed Craig repeatedly.
"Thank you Dr. Swensen! Thank you!" he cried, examining his penis and scrotum for the first time since having taken the drug.
"You're welcome Craig," I said, greatly relieved. "Feeling any discomfort?"
"No. Not at all," he said, toying with his balls. "And my nuts are back to normal too!"
"You're going to be fine from now on."
"This is great. This is really great!" he said, overjoyed.
Dr. Hagstrom took this opportunity to shake my hand.
"This woman," she said speaking to her class, "is a brilliant doctor. I knew it when I first saw her. You did a wonderful thing for this boy and I am proud to call you my friend. Yes, your friend. I am going to speak to the trustees of the University to make you and your work welcome here. Just think, you will no longer have to worry about where you will get the money to fund your next project. The University has unlimited funds for you Christiana. Just think what you could accomplish!"
"Christiana does very well on her own doctor," Michelle said. "She doesn't need trustees breathing down her neck every time they demand her to account for each penny spent."
"Nonsense! She will only have to account to me. Trust me Christiana. I will give you free reign over everything in this place. You will make scientific history within these walls and I will give you all the help you need!"
"Forgive me, Dr. Hagstrom," Rebecca said. "Dr. Swensen has been satisfied up to this point with my assistance and that of her staff at the Clinic. She doesn't have to answer to anyone, not to me, not to some University trustee, and certainly not to you."
"Ah!" Dr. Hagstrom laughed. "You are like me huh? You like to speak from the hip, as they say. Okay. I only ask the nice doctor to think about it. You do not have to make any decisions. If you are interested Christiana, you let me know and I will take care of everything for you."
"A most tempting offer doctor," I said, feeling a bit wary of such a flagrant display of generosity. "I will consider it."
"Good! Good!" she said, eagerly shaking my hand. "That's all I ask, that you consider it. Nothing more!"
And with that, she made her way out, only stopping to tell her students that they should remain to see Craig masturbated and then return to class.
"You don't have to be so protective of me Rebecca," I said. "I almost feel like I have Bonnie looking over my shoulders."
"That woman is devious. Did you hear what she said? She will 'give you all the help you need.' That's bullshit Chris. What she's saying is that she will maneuver the University into funding your projects onherterms. You'll have to answer to them for everything you do."
"Maybe and maybe not. If I could get some research money out of them..."
Rebecca shook her head. "Forget it. They're going to want your soul."
"Christiana?" Sheila said. "Can we get this guy drained so we can all go home?"
"Oh, of course," I said, forgetting that Craig had to give a sample. "I want him to ejaculate into a beaker and a quick test done on the sample to make certain the sperm has returned to normal motility." I turned to Rebecca. "We'll discuss this matter another time."
"Fine. Just remember what I said."
Having fulfilled her obligation she accompanied me to the examining table.
"My!" Rebecca said, watching Craig fondle his penis. "Looks like this poor boy needs to cum."
"We can take care of that straight away," Jennifer said. "Are you ready Craig?"
"Sure Dr. Barlow. Anytime you say."
"Sit up and turn your body toward us."
Craig did as she asked.
"You girls can stand all around him to watch but don't get in the way," she said to the students.
"Here's the beaker," Sheila said, handing it to Jennifer.
"Can I hold it?" the pretty, brown-eyed girl said, reaching out her hands to Jennifer.
Jennifer placed the receptacle in the girl's hands. "Just remember to place the neck over the tip of his penis. Otherwise we'll have sperm flying all over the place."
All the girls laughed at this.
"Better hold that bottle steady Astrid!" teased one of the students.
"All set?" Jennifer asked Craig.
He nodded. "It shouldn't take much doctor."
"Okay. Cheryl, you can do the honors. Just aim the head into the rim. And you, er, Astrid, do as your friend says and don't flinch."
"Yes, doctor," Astrid replied, sneaking a look at her friends and giggling.
The student nurses gathered around to watch Cheryl's fine handjob, commenting on her technique and on Craig's spectacular physique. Astrid held the mouth of the beaker a few inches from the tip of Craig's prick, her eyes fixated on his massive tool, eagerly awaiting the eruption of white lava. When he started to moan, the students cheered Cheryl on, demanding that she increase the speed of her attack. Obliging them, she fisted him furiously until he was ready to explode. He looked at the group of giggling students surrounding him—all of them completely absorbed by the highly erotic sight—and felt nothing except an overwhelming lust and joy at being the sexual plaything for their combined amusement. Their suggestive comments and incessant giggling added even more impetus to Cheryl's merciless handjob until finally he could withstand no more.
"Now!" Cheryl said to Astrid, as the boy's balls rose up high in their sac.
Astrid, fully aware that his orgasm was imminent, gingerly stuck the neck of the beaker over the huge crown, as dozens of curious and smiling faces drew close to watch the explosion of sperm.
"He's going to cum now," said a petite student with pink ribbons in her hair.
No sooner had she made that prophetic announcement than Craig's body suddenly tensed up. Cheryl smiled as she felt the first wave of hot sperm bubble up from the base of his shaft to seek joyous exit from his heaving loins. Her incessant stroking provoked a massive load of sperm from his balls, the first few jets splashing wildly into the container and forming long streams of paste that trickled down from the sides. The student nurses, as well as my colleagues and I, shouted our approval as rope after rope of semen sailed into the beaker. Astrid was so excited at seeing the constant stream of cum that she nearly dropped the beaker from laughing so hard.
"Oh! That's amazing!" she laughed, as she watched the contents of his penis fill the beaker.
"Keep it steady!" Cheryl warned her. "He's not done yet!"
But the girl could not contain herself any longer, and the beaker fell from her hands as she fell back into the crowd, laughing hysterically.
"Don't stop!" Craig begged, as Cheryl tried in vain to reclaim the receptacle.
Astrid lay on the floor convulsed with laughter, the beaker resting on its side by her feet. Thankfully it wasn't broken. But now, without anything to contain to sperm, the girls moved back a few steps, waiting to see what would happen next. They didn't have to wait long. And this time Craig's cock exploded more violently than before.
To their immense delight, a huge arc of cum shot high up into the air directly over my own head, traces of its aftermath flying in all directions. A good portion of it landed in Astrid's hair.
"Oh, shit!" she exclaimed, as she reached up and felt the gooey mess cascade down the side of her face. "Yuck, it's sticky!"
The student nurses laughed at their fallen comrade and then dashed away in all directions as Craig's cock continued to send out stream after stream of hot spunk. My colleagues and I had already made it safely to one side of the room, but Astrid and a few of her not so quick classmates received generous portions of the wayward sperm all over their faces and clothes. Several of the girls screamed and ran out of the lab, heading down the hall. The place was in an uproar.
After his orgasm ended, the students gave him a hearty round of applause and quickly exited the room on their way to their individual classes, all of them chatting excitedly over the event they had just witnessed. Astrid was the last to leave, actually taking the time to thank me for letting her and her friends observe his masturbation.
"You can get cleaned up now," I said to Craig. "And thank you. I appreciate all you've done for me."
"Happy to do it doctor," he replied. "Now me and the other guys can get back on an even keel."
Despite the tremendous amount of spunk ejaculated, it wasn't nearly as much as he had shot just the night before, and Craig looked thrilled that his penis had now returned to some semblance of normalcy.
After congratulating me on the success of the drug, Jennifer and Sheila retrieved the beaker full of sperm and returned with it to an adjoining lab for analysis.
"I got a little cum on my dress," Michelle said to me.
"Me too," I replied, pointing to my shoulder.
"Well, no harm done. At least he's back to normal."
"Seems so," I said, as I watched the exhausted young man lay himself down onto the table.
"What did you think of Anna?"
"A real character, I'd say."
"She could do a lot for you Chris, but there would be a price to pay."
I looked at Rebecca. She had heard Michelle's remark and grimaced as if in silent warning.
"Such as sacrificing my autonomy?" I said, feeling uneasy.
"You want the money, you have to play their game. That's the only drawback."
"That's too big of a concession to make," Rebecca said. "The Clinic has its own private funding. We've gotten by on that just fine."
"Don't lie to me Rebecca," Michelle replied. "I know you've been having financial difficulties as of late. All I'm doing is making a suggestion, that's all. The choice is yours."
Rebecca looked at me and sighed. "You know how I feel about this Christiana. But Michelle's right. The decision is up to you. Just be careful."
Michelle frowned. "I suppose I should get somebody in here to clean up all this sperm!"
Just then Craig let out a low moan as Cheryl took a towel to his genitals. Her own hands and blouse were dripping with semen.
"From now on," she said, gently grabbing his cock, "this belongs to me."
************
************
It was an austere, old-fashioned, and claustrophobic-looking apartment building located on the corner of Berndt Street in the seedier western section of Stockholm where the meeting was to take place. The ancient brownstone edifice stood four stories high, unchanged in every aspect since its construction nearly 100 years earlier. The second-floor apartment was dark and gloomy, although kept meticulously clean by its tenant. She had purchased the unit completely furnished and she loved the antique and obsolete-looking furniture that surrounded her, reminding her of a bygone era into which she felt she ultimately belonged.
It was almost 5:30 PM and her guest was late. It had been several days since she had last spoken with the woman from the University and she was running out of time. The sporadic communication between them she found highly unsatisfactory, and it had driven her mad at times, but the woman had warned her that they must keep a very low profile or risk jeopardizing their plans.
A half hour passed and the sun was beginning to cast long shadows over the city. She sipped her tea and continued to wait, getting up to look out the window and gaze down upon the traffic below every few minutes hoping to catch a glimpse of her tardy visitor. Finally, at around 6:30 PM, she noticed a tall, thin woman, dressed impeccably in a blue blazer and skirt, hastily cross the street and enter into the building. She heard the front door close followed by a quick ascent up the creaking staircase. She met her visitor at the door, not waiting for the woman to knock.
"Where have you been?" she asked ill-temperedly as she admitted the woman.
The tall woman, somewhat put off by this unexpected display of truculence, walked toward the middle of the room and turned to face her inquisitor.
"I had to stay late at the University. There was an important meeting of faculty and staff, and I could not get out any earlier. I am sorry."
"That school is run by a bunch of fools," she said, still annoyed. "Oh well, I suppose you couldn't help it. Please, sit down. We have much to discuss."
The tall woman sat down on an old green sofa, her body sinking halfway down into it. It smelled of mildew. Looking around the apartment she noticed that there was no hint of any modern conveniences, not even a television. It was as if she had been transported to a previous century.
"Very charming this apartment, and very old."
"Would you like a cup of tea?"
"No, I am fine. Let us get down to business now okay? I cannot stay here too long."
"As you wish."
Millicent Beechcroft sat down next to the tall woman and surveyed her features in the dim light of the setting sun. There was a slight, almost imperceptible resemblance between the two women, with the only major difference being that Dr. Hagstrom wore her glasses on a much straighter and attractive nose, otherwise it could not be said that either woman was pleasant looking. And this fact put Beechcroft at ease. Most times she did not feel comfortable in the presence of attractive women; she simply did not trust them; erroneously believing that their beauty, being merely a factor of birth, was a poor substitute for true intellectual attainment, and she despised their loveliness even more because it was something she could never possess. The fact that a woman could be both brilliant and beautiful was a contradiction in terms according to her and an outright impossibility. Thus, many otherwise gifted and attractive women tended to regard her with disingenuousness, and kept their distance. Some of her detractors even went so far as to call her a misanthrope. The designation did not bother her in the slightest.
"So, Dr. Hagstrom," she began, "what have you found out?"
"Ah, you want to know what your little spy has been up to eh?" she said shifting uncomfortably in the chair. "Well, I will put it to you simply...not very much. Not very much at all."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean that the genetic codes that are required to create a stable gene sequence are known only to Dr. Swensen and her associate. The rest of the formula is useless without those equations."
Beechcroft paused to consider this information. "But you told me that she created the formula right under your nose. She gave it to that boy and his condition disappeared."
"She made only enough of the drug for one dosage. If she had produced more of it, we could have synthesized it. But even with the samples, there is nothing we can accomplish without the specific coding sequence. It is the key to the entire formula."
A look of bitter disappointment came over Beechcroft's face.
"So where does that leave us?"
Dr. Hagstrom laughed. "Leave us? It leaves us nowhere my dear doctor!"
"I can't believe this!" Beechcroft exclaimed. "You and your staff have been working with her the entire week. You told me Dr. Swensen and you have become friends. Are you telling me that you've learned nothing that could help us synthesize the drug?"
Dr. Hagstrom guffawed. "What do you want me to do eh? You want me to reach inside her head and pull the equations out from her brain? I told you that you are not dealing with a second-rate intellect here okay? She is a brilliant scientist and very shrewd. More shrewd than you!"
"You sound like you're enamored of this woman."
"Of course I am. I find much to admire about her. But that does not mean that I have neglected our pact."
"Listen to me very carefully doctor," Beechcroft began in a sinister tone. "The hearing is tomorrow morning. It is very likely that Dr. Swensen will go to prison for what she has done. Yes, I know she is innocent. But she will be made a scapegoat because she is involved with political powers beyond her ability to control. And with her tucked safely away behind bars, her work will flounder, the Clinic will close, and EJAX-472 will become a distant memory because no one will be allowed to continue her work. Not even her associate. And that is because the Swedish government will ban its further research. Now, if you come with me to America as we planned, and with a working formula, you and I can claim the research for ourselves. We will produce EJAX-472 under another name and market it in America, and then around the world. Dr. Swensen's name will be forgotten. And if it is remembered at all, it will forever be associated with the failure of the drug, while you and I will become champions of a new sexual revolution in the field of male reproductive science. And with this great honor will come fame and riches. Is this not what you want doctor?"
"Yes, of course it is," she replied half-heartedly. "But I do not see how this is possible."
"We must get the genetic codes before she is put away. If you cannot find a way to get this vital information before that time, then we're doomed. I'm sure you don't want that."
Dr. Hagstrom looked around the room almost expecting to see an answer to her dilemma pop out of the surrounding darkness.
"I do not want this. No. But I do not know what else to do. I searched through all her papers and could find not one single trace of the codes you speak of. That is the key to everything. She is not stupid. So what would you have me do now? If you have any ideas, I am listening."
Beechcroft rose up from the sofa and stood by the window, her thin body crouching slightly forward as she peered down onto the street below. In the twilight her profile reminded Dr. Hagstrom of a gargoyle: a silent but foreboding sentinel that would have looked perfectly appropriate perched precariously on top of some ancient edifice as it surveyed the landscape of its vast domain. Her low forehead and small, weasel-like brown eyes hinted of a brutalized intelligence, fed by years of bitterness and hatred for all that was beautiful and unobtainable, and therefore alien to her. The wounds of her disappointment at not realizing her scientific aspirations were etched into the barren landscape of her face, serving as a reminder of all that she had failed to accomplish during the long, tortuous years of her miserable, lackluster existence. Her acutely hooked nose was her most unforgiving feature, reminiscent of a vulture's beak and sinister in its malformation. It gave her whole face a curious avian-like quality, revealing the inherent rapaciousness of a bird of prey, but afflicted with the same cowardly heart as that of a vulture, ready to rend and tear the putrefying carrion of victims it had not the courage to dispatch by its own skill.
The tall woman wondered how it was that she, an otherwise intelligent and intuitive woman, had allowed herself to be swayed by the soft, coaxing words of the conniving creature, whose only aim was to obliterate another person's life and career. Beechcroft had calculated the risks carefully and had made plans accordingly, all in the light of her unerring logic. But there had been a problem. Logic by itself did not motivate; it could only quantify and qualify. It could not disclose the passion lying beneath the desire to wipe out the decades-long efforts spent in humane and beneficial research undertaken by a beautiful and gifted woman, whose very name was a symbol for all Beechcroft had found detestable: the work of a woman whose physical existence was an affront to all those imagined successes she would never achieve. In Beechcroft's case, the motivation toward destruction was fueled by malice and nothing more. But it was a cold hate, something Dr. Hagstrom had never felt toward another human being. And now, as she ruminated on these feelings in the ebbing light of the room, she finally had her answer.
The whole plan to steal another woman's life's work and claim it as your own had always been an untenable idea, in addition to being downright unethical. But this attitude had not concerned her too deeply earlier on in her discussions with Beechcroft. For like the covetous doctor, Dr. Hagstrom, too, had suffered anonymity at the hands of the general scientific community despite some brilliant work in the field of genetics. And Beechcroft's desperate plan held great appeal to a woman who saw her life's work and scientific reputation uncomfortably close to diminishing to the point of a singularity. But having now had the opportunity to work alongside Dr. Swensen, and realizing that her and Beechcroft's fledgling scientific efforts were little more than exercises in mediocrity in comparison to the stellar achievements of their mutual foe, did not induce her to respond with envy or resentment, but rather with kindliness and friendliness toward a woman who treated her as an intellectual and spiritual equal. And finding that she liked and respected the woman because of it inclined her to now view the clandestine enterprise with serious doubt.
"I think we should forget about this whole thing," she said, breaking the silence.
The woman by the window turned to face her, as if seeing her for the first time.
"I cannot forget about it," Beechcroft replied, coldly. "I cannot forget about the years of unrequited labor expended on behalf of others less deserving than I, who by a combination of stealth and random fortune, used my research to serve their own selfish ends." She paused to assess the impact of her words on her associate, but when Dr. Hagstrom remained silent, she continued. "And my humiliation at the Clinic! I can never forget that either."
"You brought that upon yourself. You lost your temper."
"Yes, I did get angry. And that's something I rarely do."
Beechcroft walked back to the sofa and sat down. Dr. Hagstrom could barely discern her features in the fading light.
"We are running out of time Anna," she began. "We must get those codes."
"What do you suggest, Dr. Beechcroft? Put a gun to her head?"
"Nothing so dramatic as that. All I need you to do is to destroy all her existing work. Every sample, every document, every bit of scientific information related to the study and development of EJAX-472. It must all be destroyed."
"Ah!" Dr. Hagstrom replied. "You must be out of your mind, eh? What good would that possibly do? Tell me. What?"
"It will buy us time for one thing. If the hearing goes in her favor she may be allowed to go back to the Clinic and resume her work. We can't allow that. Her records must be destroyed so that she will be forced to start her research all over again and this time you will be there to help her every step of the way."
"What are you saying?"
"I'm saying that the Clinic must be burned to the ground. Nothing of her work must remain."
Dr. Hagstrom rose from her seat, the combined discomfiture of the chair and the near proximity of the instigating woman becoming too painful to bear. She watched as the bony fingers tightly clutched the handle of the teacup, looking all the more like the grasping claws of a predatory bird.
"So now in addition to all your other achievements, you want to become an arsonist too?" she exclaimed. "No. This is too crazy.Youare crazy!"
"Listen to me. The labs at the University are the only ones in this entire country that are advanced enough to conduct this type of research. With all her work gone she will have no choice but to turn to you. She confides in you, so you tell me. Well, we can use this to our advantage. Once you have gained her trust she will reveal to you all her secrets. She'll have no other choice if she wants to keep her research alive."
"She may and she may not. You forget about her friend Rebecca."
"Don't worry about her. As Dr. Swensen's trust and dependence upon you grows, she will rely less on this other woman. You are the far greater scientist anyway and can offer the doctor much more. And she will need you and all the resources of the University if her work with EJAX-472 is to continue."
"Ah, I see you have it all worked out Dr. Beechcroft," said Dr. Hagstrom with a sly grin. "But you assume a great deal."
"I don't think so," she replied with a touch of arrogance. "It is only a logical inference deduced from known quantities."
"Yes, you would say that. You would try to reduce all human motivations to their equivalent mathematical expressions. But the human heart is an unknown variable eh?"
The tall woman walked over to a nearby floor lamp and lifted her hand to turn it on. "Do you mind?"
"No," Beechcroft said. "Leave it."
"It is dark in here," said Dr. Hagstrom.
Beechcroft rubbed the back of her neck as if in pain.
"My eyes are sensitive to the light," she said. "And you're leaving now anyway aren't you?"
Dr. Hagstrom stared hard at her accomplice and then walked briskly toward the door, pausing on the threshold.
"I assume you will be at the hearing tomorrow?"
"I'll be there," Beechcroft replied. "But we can't be seen together."
"Do not worry, I will keep my distance."
She took a few steps closer to the door and halted.
"Why do you feel it necessary to come, may I ask?"
"Are you serious? I'm looking forward to seeing this woman brought down before the entire court. What better reason is there than that?"
"How foolish of me to ask," Dr. Hagstrom said, wryly. "You realize you are ruining the life of a great woman, eh?"
To this Beechcroft made no reply.
"So, what am I to do?"
"You are to eliminate all her work conducted at the school. Everything must be done away with and it must be done tonight."
The tall woman sighed heavily. "And the Clinic?"
"It's all been taken care of. By tomorrow morning the building, and everything inside it, will be nothing more than ashes."
In the waning light Beechcroft's features were now merely a vague outline, but the tall woman didn't need to see her face to realize that the words poured forth from her lips had been uttered with perverse satisfaction. And if the tormented doctor could have seen Beechcroft's expression, she would have been repulsed by the thin, tightly set lips, now upturned into a hideous grin.
As she opened the door, a thin stream of light poured in from the hallway, offering insufficient illumination to breach the gloomy darkness of the room or of the obsessed mind within. She walked out the door, leaving the anorexic, bird-like creature to feast upon her machinations like a vulture upon a bloated carcass.
************
************
"We interrupt this program to bring you some late-breaking news. The Swensen Sex Research Clinic in Stockholm went up in flames early this morning around 3:30 AM, apparently the result of arson. The entire building and everything in it was destroyed by the intense fire caused, according to one fire official, by petroleum fuel, traces of which have been found in and around the building. Two men were seen fleeing the scene and the police are now engaged in a manhunt to track the suspected arsonists down. Dr. Christiana Swensen, the founder and director of the Clinic, has occupied the building for the past 10 years and has been a respected member of the community, offering services ranging from psychological counseling to treatments for various sexual problems. She is scheduled to appear in Stockholm District Court this morning on charges of illegal drug possession and distribution. Her brother-in-law, Philip Olmstead, is also being arraigned on charges stemming from drug trafficking and political malfeasance. We have learned from one law enforcement official that there is a distinct possibility the fire was started by members of a local drug gang who may have had a grudge against the Clinic and Dr. Swensen. The manner in which the fire was set would be 'consistent with their methods of operation,' the official said. Total damages are estimated to be in the millions of dollars."
The little man lying down on the cot took another swig of soda and laughed aloud. At last, all he had hoped for was now coming true—and he didn't even have to lift a finger in this latest calamity. It seemed that fate was on his side.
"Fuck you senorita!" he swore at the tiny black and white television screen bolted into the corner of the wall. "I told you I would break you like a stick!"
The pictures on the screen showed the building engulfed in flames, and he recalled all the pain and humiliation he had suffered at the good doctor's hands while a test subject within those walls, and relished in her misfortune. It had been his own gang, now under the temporary control of his cousin Antonio and his band of maggots, who were responsible for the torching of the Clinic. Antonio had called him a few days beforehand to seek his permission to destroy the building. He told Luis that they had been offered a handsome sum of money too good to refuse and Luis told him to go through with it. Antonio wasn't aware that Luis held any grudge against the doctor, and he, himself, would have rather spent the night in more profitable enterprises like drug dealing rather than burn down a building. But, sometimes people didn't need excuses to find ways to entertain themselves. All it took was an idle mind and a desire to do evil. When Luis asked him who had made the deal, Antonio said that he had been introduced to some strange, ugly, hook-nosed woman with hands like claws. It was she who had conducted the transaction.
A half hour earlier Lt. Endland had awakened him and questioned him rigorously about the incident, anxious to find out if he was behind the crime. But Luis, an accomplished liar, fended off the officer's barrage of questions like a lion tamer cracking his whip at a ferocious cat. Eventually, the lieutenant gave in and left Luis alone.
The thought of burning down the Clinic had never occurred to him, and it delighted him that someone else in the world had hated the woman doctor as much as he did, and was willing to pay a huge sum of money to accomplish the deed. To see the woman finally and utterly brought to her knees was what he desired most, and she was halfway there. The destruction of the Clinic and all her precious work was the first step. Her indictment in a court of law and subsequent imprisonment would be the second. And the best part of it all was that he would be there to witness her complete and total annihilation in person, exempt from legal punishment because he had helped the police bring her, and that miserable gringo, Philip Olmstead, to justice.
It was now almost 6:00 AM. He would be taken in handcuffs to the hearing at 8:30 AM, leaving him plenty of time for a little rest. He turned off the television and went back to sleep, while halfway across town another vengeful spirit was congratulating herself on her victory, quite oblivious to her evil counterpart and his equally evil agenda.
As the first few vestiges of sunlight crept into the stolid gloom of her ancient apartment, her long, bony fingers reached out to turn off the radio. The men she had hired had done their job well. The Clinic was gone and Dr. Hagstrom would see that all the remaining samples and documents would be destroyed also. With that accomplished, Dr. Swensen would have no other recourse but to turn to Dr. Hagstrom for aid, and within a very short time, she hoped, the missing pieces of the genetic puzzle would be uncovered, and her gateway to scientific immortality assured. This, and the resultant honor and glory that would be hers once she stepped off the plane back in America with another woman's life's work securely held within her vulture-like grasp, was all she could think about as she closed the blinds against the intruding light.
************
************
"Get up! Get up!"
"What? What is it?" I said, my throat creaking. "What's wrong?"
Rebecca pulled hard on my arm. "Hurry up, you have to see this!"
"What the hell time is it?" I said, as I felt my body being dragged out of bed.
"We're in a lot of trouble Chris. A fucking lot of trouble!"
She dragged me half stumbling toward the front of the house and had me stand by a window overlooking the porch. She drew back the curtain slightly.
"Look at that," she said.
Even before my eyes could focus on the scene, my ears had already interpreted the sounds. There, swarming all over the front yard and driveway, was a host of people, their cars, vans, television cameras, microphones, and other paraphernalia occupying the entire street and nearby vicinity. A group of curious neighbors had joined the ranks of the reporters, all engaged in an apparent attempt to coax us out of the house for an interview. Some of the neighbors were still dressed in their pajamas and bathrobes.
"They rang the doorbell several times but I didn't answer," Rebecca said, sneaking a peek outside.
"How long have they been there?"
"I'm not sure. Maybe a few minutes. I was in the shower and couldn't hear anything."
"The police told me they would keep my whereabouts secret. Somebody fucked up."
"That's not the worst of it," she said, and then suddenly grew quiet.
"What are you talking about?"
"Chris, I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this, but the Clinic... it's gone."
I felt my throat close up. "What do you mean, 'gone'?"
"I just heard it on the news. The whole thing happened a few hours ago. The police believe some gang set fire to the building. Everything was burned...a total loss."
I slowly drew away from the window and walked backwards a few steps, falling into the nearest chair. The weight of her words was taking its time impacting itself upon my agonized brain.
"They showed the pictures on television," she continued. "Whoever did it knew what they were doing. They used petroleum fuel. You know, the kind they use in jet engines. It burns very hot and very fast. Nothing could have withstood the fire. Even the metal structural supports melted away. Can you imagine Chris? It melted the fucking metal! Thank God there was nobody in there."
Rebecca fell silent and dropped into the chair next to mine, the recollection of events proving too painful for even her stalwart personality to cope with. Outside I could hear the voices of people shouting at one another, cries of "is anybody in there" or "won't you please come out and talk to us" echoing over the din. There were so many emotions running rampant through my mind just then that I felt my skull was going to burst from the excess of mental activity. Should I cry? Should I scream? Should I go outside and kill somebody? This mix of confused and jumbled emotions made me feel impotent, as if I were a somnambulist walking along naked and lost in some artificial dream world. And all the while the noise outside acted as a distressing and persistent undercurrent to all the unpleasant feelings I was experiencing.
I looked at Rebecca. Her head had fallen onto her chest, tears falling from her closed eyes. I had never known her to look so defeated before.
"Come here," I said softly.
Without a word she slowly came and sat down beside me, allowing me to envelope her in my arms. As soon as she felt my embrace she sighed heavily and began to cry in earnest, her long drawn out breaths coming at rapid intervals. I felt her entire body shake violently as the magnitude of our loss was slowly absorbed into her consciousness. I wanted to say something to comfort her, but I could think of nothing to say. In my desire to ease the suffering of my friend, I had not taken into account my own sorrow and the fact that there was no one to comfort me. As a result, I could only hold her and let her cry as I sat there trying to make sense of the insensible.
The phone suddenly rang.
"I have to get that," she said, getting up.
It was the police. They told her that they were sending some patrol cars to the house to help keep the reporters at bay. They would then take us in a squad car to the district court.
When she hung up the phone her face looked pale and drawn but she had stopped crying.
"We should both get ready Chris. They'll be here in about twenty minutes."
I stared down at my hands. They were trembling.
"Chris? Did you hear me?"
I raised my head slowly, feeling the oppressive weight of my disillusionment envelope me like a shroud.
"Seven years of research and development and it's all gone, just like that," I said, snapping my fingers. "Who could have done such a thing? Andwhy? All I ever sought to do was to help people. And this is my reward?" I felt a sharp a pain in my chest as if someone had stabbed me with a knife. "There is something very wrong with this world Rebecca, when people seek to destroy those things that are good in it."
Rebecca kneeled down in front of me and took my shaking hands in hers.
"Look at me Chris. Come on. Look at me."
I slowly raised my head and met her gaze.
"This was a big loss for you—for both of us. But there's still hope. Remember Michelle and the girls still have all the samples and all our research papers at the University. And the genetic codes are all safely tucked away in our heads. That eccentric lady friend of yours, Dr. Hagstrom, seems to think you're the cat's meow and she's ready to bend over backwards for you. I didn't trust her at first, but after spending some time with her, I think she's not such a bad person. Don't you agree?"
"She's stubborn, just like you."
"That's probably why I didn't like her at first. She's a lot like me, just more outspoken."
"I wouldn't go that far," I said, fighting to smile.
"Oh, Chris," she said, caressing my face. "You know I really love you."
"I know," I replied. "But please don't. I don't think I can handle that right now."
She drew her hand away.
"I'm sorry. It's tough for me to keep my feelings bottled up all the time. You understand don't you?"
"Yes, my dear friend, I do. And I suppose you're right: we can rebuild. Between the insurance money and use of the facilities at the University, I think we'll be in good shape. Once we're on our feet again, we can think about building our own Clinic."
"Absolutely. We can't let this tragedy stop you from pursuing your work. There's simply too much at stake. And you still have some repair work to do on those men."
My thoughts turned immediately to one handsome young man.
"Poor Craig. I put him through hell."
"Maybe. But you brought him back out of it too."
We turned our heads simultaneously toward the front door. A man's voice was beckoning us to come outside.
"I'll be glad when the police get here," she said. "These people make me nervous."
I managed to take one of the quickest showers in my life and was dressed in short order. With minutes to spare, I gulped down a bowl of cold cereal and got my pertinent documents together and placed them inside my briefcase. I had already spoken to my sister the night before and she told me that she and Philip would meet me inside the courtroom in order to avoid the throngs of reporters she anticipated would be waiting outside for us when we arrived. Philip's lawyer, a Mr. Stephan Ambrose, would be representing all three of us. Bonnie had assured me that Stephan was a competent criminal attorney and I knew this to be true, as I myself had been aware of his many legal victories over the years. I felt reassured having such a powerful ally on our team.
In addition to Rebecca and myself, Maria, Cheryl, and Lynette had also been summoned to appear at the hearing. I had spoken with all three of them at various times over the past few days and all of them were prepared to speak out in my defense. I never got to speak to Cheryl directly, but was pleasantly surprised to hear Craig's voice on the other end of the line, his buoyant, good-natured attitude helping to revitalize my own failing sense of humor.
"Cheryl's in the shower," he said. "Do you want me to have her call you back?"
"No. Just tell her to be at the hearing on time. They may want to question her, and you as well."
"I'll tell her doctor," he replied.
"I assume you're coming together?"
"Yes."
"I'm glad the two of you are hitting it off. She's a wonderful girl.""I couldn't agree more. She's a real sweetheart."
"I hope you haven't had any more incidents."
He laughed. "Nope. Not a one. But sometimes I get an erection just from thinking about Cheryl. Is that normal?"
"I'm sure if you ask her, she'll tell you that it is. In any case, the drug is almost out of your system. In a few days, you should be back to your old self."
"Thanks doctor. And thanks for introducing me to Cheryl."
Michelle was the last person I had spoken to yesterday and she had informed me that in addition to herself, Sheila, and Jennifer, Dr. Hagstrom would also be at the hearing to lend her added support to my case, if necessary. She assured me that all the samples and research documentation had been carefully placed in a metal container and locked in a wall safe in Dr. Hagstrom's office. She had also informed me that she had contacted all the test subjects and that they were experiencing no abnormal side effects from the drug. They were however, starting to exhibit the same sexual dysfunctions they had prior to following the EJAX-472 regimen. Unfortunately, there was nothing I could do for them until after the hearing was conducted. Now, with my medical resources dwindling, they might have to wait an even longer period before their situation could be remedied. But at least they could appear in public without worrying that their modesty would be compromised by the side effects of my aberrant drug. All of them would be at the hearing, ready and willing to testify on my behalf.
"The police just pulled up," Rebecca said, catching sight of the patrol cars from her bedroom window.
Within minutes the police had cordoned off the area around the front of the house while several others were allowed in, ready to escort Rebecca and me to one of their squad cars. Cameras clicked and lights flashed as soon as the front door was opened and a plethora of questions were hurled at us as we walked briskly down the cement walkway, heads down. I felt like a Hollywood celebrity trying to dodge a gang of abusive paparazzi as we gingerly made our way through the boisterous and tumultuous group. At last the patrol car door slammed behind us and we sped away, leaving behind a sea of frustrated and unhappy people.
Rebecca didn't let go of my hand once during the entire trip. For the first time, I had been the one who had shown the most resilience under stress, and I had been the one to comfort her. Somehow I had discovered within me some newfound strength, and I think she was grateful that it was I, and not someone else, who had been the one to assuage her grief during her rare moment of weakness.
At one point we looked behind us to see if the reporters were following. At first we didn't see them because the patrol cars behind us blocked our view. But when we made a wide turn onto the boulevard heading into the city, we noticed a train of blue vans keeping pace with us. Bonnie had warned me that it was going to be a media circus, and as I thought about the crowds awaiting us at the courthouse, I felt as trapped as a rat in a cage. It was a most unsettling feeling.
As the patrol car pulled into the driveway of the courthouse, we noticed the vans continue on down the street looking for places to park. Lining the stairs on each side of the front entrance to the building were hundreds of people, mostly reporters, photographers, and news people of all kinds, all jockeying for position once they saw us being led up the long walkway by the police. Before I knew what was going on, microphones and other parts of human anatomy were being shoved in my face as men and women fought to penetrate the dense police contingent that had been ordered to protect us. The multitude of faces passed before me like a blur as the cops goaded us forward through the resistant throng. And just when I felt that I could withstand no further jostling, another group of officers descended from the courthouse steps and drove the onlookers away, attacking the mobs' flanks with their nightsticks until the unruly crowd was forced to reluctantly give ground, forming little splinter groups that hovered on the fringes of our tiny sphere of protection like starving hyenas around a hapless animal.
Rebecca continued to cling on to me throughout the entire ordeal, her terrified face looking this way and that as the crowd quickly reclaimed the space vacated by the police, the crushing mass of bodies pressing into us from the rear and propelling us forward as if of its own momentum. My feet flew up the stairs, sometimes not even touching the ground, as the officers on either side of me lifted me up to accommodate their rapid ascent, compensating for the swift, forward-moving motion coming from their rear. It was at that moment that I caught a glimpse of a woman's face insinuating itself through the conglomeration of visages that were bearing down upon us from the cramped alcove to my right. Although the image came into view for only a very brief interval of time, it made a distinct impression upon me because the small eyes, misshapen nose, and small, thin-lipped mouth immediately reminded me of some carnivorous aerial creature, creating an impression at once singularly menacing and grotesque. But it was her eyes that haunted me most. Displaying no emotion nor reflecting any warmth, like two spectral points of light they seemed to peer into my soul, conveying a vague malevolence. Where I had seen that face before I could not recall, but it succeeded in adding further torment to my already troubled mind.
At last the doors to the courtroom came into view, and the tide of bodies that had been swelling up behind us now seemed to dissipate like waves breaking upon the shore. Behind us a wall of police stood guard at the entrance to the building, an imposing mass of blue uniforms that now served to keep the hyenas at bay. I felt the grip on my arms relax as the policemen now gently escorted us into the courtroom. Rebecca's hair was in disarray, having been tussled during the fray. I checked my own body for any signs of damage and discovered that the one of the buttons on my suit had been torn off. It was a minor price to pay for so difficult a travail.
As we entered the courtroom, my eyes panned left and right, scanning the area in search of familiar faces. Considering it was a hearing and not a full-blown trial, the room was packed to capacity. I estimated that there were over 250 people at least.
"There's Michelle and the girls," Rebecca said, pointing to my left.
My colleagues were sitting together in the middle row of seats and waved at us as we made our way past them. Michelle sat closest to us, and on her left were Jennifer, Sheila, and a forlorn-looking Dr. Hagstrom.
"I told you she would come," Rebecca said.
I acknowledged my friends with a wave of the hand and a smile. All of them smiled back, wishing me luck, but I could tell that despite her forced smile, Dr. Hagstrom's face looked shallow and gaunt, as if from a lack of sleep.
"We heard about the Clinic," Michelle said, taking my hand in hers. "How are you two holding up?"
"So far, so good. But I'll admit that I'm pretty despondent right now."
"Don't be. All your research is safely in Dr. Hagstrom's care."
I looked at the haggard doctor. She returned my gaze with a weak smile and then looked away.
"And this is nothing but a charade," Michelle continued. "You've done nothing illegal."
"Not according to the courts," Rebecca said.
"Screw them," Michelle replied sourly. "Their case is really with Bonnie's husband—the asshole. I'm sorry I ever stooped so low as to give that jerk a handjob."
Sitting immediately in front of my colleagues were the test subjects: John Cardelli and his wife Ann; Adam Hildebrand; Jeffrey Ames and his wife Priscilla; Stuart Borg and his fiancé Denise; Craig and Cheryl; and Barney Cole. I noticed that his wife Janine was not with him. Seated to his right were Maria and Lynette, talking loudly. Upon seeing us, everyone responded with smiles and words of encouragement. A few of them offered their condolences on the loss of my Clinic.
"It was a professional job," Lynette said. "No doubt about it. It wasn't the work of no damn kids I can tell you that."
Seated across from them on the opposite side of the aisle were roughly two dozen young women, all dressed in formal business attire and talking nervously amongst themselves: all except one. She was a pretty girl with long brown hair and fair complexion, looking intently preoccupied as she toyed with the cuffs of her white blouse. The men and women seated directly behind the girls would often stop and chat with them, and I surmised that these people were most likely the girls' parents. Two of the girls, one a beautiful brunette and the other an equally attractive blonde, laughed and teased each other, heedless of the restrained decorum. The brunette caught me looking at her and eyed me warily, her gaze then casually shifting toward John Cardelli. She smiled seductively at him and then quickly turned away and whispered something in the blonde girl's ear. They both giggled loudly. Ann Cardelli did not appreciate the young girl's impudence and stared at her threateningly. John had not met the girl's gaze but his wife said something to him and he just shook his head but did not reply.
Seated directly behind the two chatty girls was a much older woman dressed in a gray skirt and matching blazer. Her face seemed molded into a perpetual scowl. On her lapel was the insignia of St. Bridget's Preparatory School.
"Must you keep talking Bridget?" she said to the brunette. "And where are your parents anyway?"
"They both have the flu dean Stedman," she replied in a matter-of-fact tone.
Ms. Stedman wasn't convinced. "Your parents don't have the flu," she said. "I know for a fact that both of them got drunk last night at the Charity Ball and didn't make it home until early this morning. It's positively disgraceful."
Bridget didn't reply.
"That's my sister!" I heard a woman's voice shout. "Hey sis! Over here!"
Dressed splendidly in a three-piece black suit and matching black high-heel shoes, Bonnie beckoned Rebecca and I over to our attorney's table, which was located several feet to the left of the center aisle facing the judge's bench. Philip was sitting down engaged in a conversation with another man, but the two of them rose from their seats as Rebecca and I approached. She looked relaxed and refreshed; in fact, she looked absolutely stunning as she threw her arms around me and kissed me several times. Philip however, looked tired and haggard, as if he had just returned from running a marathon.
"My poor little sister!" Bonnie said, hugging me tightly. "I heard about the Clinic on the way over here. I'm so sorry sis. We'll do all that we can to help you, I promise."
"We aren't going to be any help to anybody unless we get out of this mess," Philip said with a sullen expression.
"Don't listen to him," Bonnie said, giving her husband a dour look. "Everything is going to turn out just fine. You'll see. We've got the best lawyer in the world on our side, isn't that right Stephan?"
"I'll do my best Bonnie," he said.
Bonnie and Philip introduced the handsome, six-foot tall attorney to Rebecca and I, and he invited us to sit down next to him.
The first thing I noticed about Stephan was that he looked more like a news anchorman than he did a lawyer. He was strikingly handsome for one thing, and his blond hair, with just a touch of gray at the sides, imparted upon his features a sense of wisdom that belied his forty-one years. He had a warm smile, and his eyes were a pale, blue color, sparkling with an inner luminosity that reminded me of a warm summer's day at the beach. He was dressed in a three-piece, dark gray, pin-stripped suit with a light-blue shirt and grayish-blue tie. The only thing missing was a cue sheet.
Rebecca and I took to him immediately and I found his frankness and warmth a refreshing change from some of the lawyers I had dealt with in the past, most of whom were rather stuffy and formal as they expounded legalese to me in their pompous, legalistic way. He exchanged some polite pleasantries with us before going over the details of the hearing. His hope was that he could get my case thrown out of court altogether based upon the lack of evidence directly linking me to any wrongdoing. He was not so hopeful for Philip however.
"I have studied all the supporting evidence in this case and have obtained sworn testimonials from your test subjects, their individual physicians—who will not appear in court unless this thing goes to trial—and your colleagues and staff. Judging from what I've seen, you do not seem to have broken the law in any tangible way. The charges brought against you by the state of "reckless endangerment" seem unsupportable, and I really don't see how they can be proven given the lack of willful intent. My guess is that the prosecution is going to try to convince the court that you acted irresponsibly in the way you administered the drug and will try to nail you on that account. One thing in your favor is that Philip has pleaded guilty to stealing your drug and for disseminating it unlawfully to various drug traffickers in this country. Although his admission, and the lack of evidence, absolves you from any wrongdoing in this regard, the prosecution will probably try to invent a connection between the two of you in which they hope to prove that you are partners working in tandem. I wouldn't worry about it. But I would be concerned about the irresponsibility issue. If they can convince the judge that you treated the drug and your patients in a reckless fashion, then you open yourself up to a host of legal issues that will force you us to go to trial. We don't want that. We want to settle this thing now before it explodes in our faces. If it's any consolation, I can tell you that there will be no surprises, but beyond that, it's anybody's guess."
"Why did you plead guilty, Philip?" Rebecca asked.
"I told him to," Stephan replied. "The evidence against him was irrefutable."
"My trial comes up in two months," Philip said. "Stephan advised me to cooperate with the police and seek clemency from the courts."
"We used to own the police," Bonnie said, ruefully. "But we don't anymore."
"Nor the courts," Stephan added, tersely. "All the favoritism your husband showed to certain people to help them get elected to high office has come back to haunt him. These same people are going to seek to bring him to his knees so that their own fraudulent behavior is not revealed. Our legal system is not totally compromised however. As you know, the Mayor himself has been incarcerated along with several dozen other high-ranking officials. But there are many decent public servants who have now been able to step into those vacant shoes, so there is a good chance for leniency in this matter. If Philip cooperates with the law, as he has done so far, then we now have the opportunity to rid ourselves of the remaining political corruption that existed under your husband's influence."
"You want me to name people, I will," Philip said. "That's what it's all about anyway isn't it? I help the law weed out these guys and I get off with a slap on my hands."
"That's the best you could hope for at this point. Unless there is further incriminating evidence forthcoming."
"Like what?"
Suddenly, all of us turned our heads around upon hearing a commotion coming from the back of the courtroom. Several tall men were escorting a much smaller man quickly up the aisle, and the little man didn't like the way he was being handled.
"Hey, keep your fucking hands off me man!"
The bailiff standing on the opposite side of aisle waved the party forward, and as they came closer Luis Ramon Hernandez's sneering face turned toward us.
"Like him," Stephan said, in answer to Philip's question.
Lt. Endland and Sgt. Richter nodded gravely at us as they gently pushed Luis into a chair behind the prosecutor. The two officers sat on either side of the angry-looking creature as the great doors of the courtroom were closed shut. I thought he looked ludicrous, dressed as he was in a shabby, dark brown suit. Not only was it too big for him, it looked incongruous on the frame of a man who, so far as I knew, never wore anything except a pair of jeans and a tee shirt. His dark, curly hair was brushed back haphazardly and his face was unshaven, lending to his thug-like demeanor.
"What threat can he be to me?" Philip whispered, with a tinge of agitation in his voice. "You said there would be no surprises."
"Not so far as I know," Stephan replied. "But I had a chance to interrogate Mr. Hernandez the other day and I can tell you that this guy is a real head case. He especially has it in for you doctor."
"Yes, I know," I replied, sneaking a glance at the downcast face.
"And you too," he said to Bonnie.
Bonnie chuckled. "Oh, he's just upset because I shot him out of a cannon."
Rebecca and I looked at each other and laughed as the comical view came back to mind.
"Pardon me?" Stephan said, his eyes searching each of our faces.
"He didn't tell you?" Bonnie asked, in a light-hearted manner. "Well, I'm sure it will all come out during the hearing. He got better than he deserved if you ask me."
Philip bit his lower lip. "I'm surprised you didn't shoot me out of that thing too."
"I was tempted to Philip, believe me. And it's still within the range of possibility," she warned.
He thought she was joking but her face remained stolid.
"That guy," Stephan said, pointing to the prosecutor, a 30-ish looking man in a dark blue suit, "is Michael Gustafson. An excellent prosecuting attorney who does not suffer fools gladly. He's only thirty-two years old, but already he's making a name for himself. My advice to all of you is to be honest, succinct, and respectful. Believe me, if you lie he'll trap you. I've seen him do it many times, so be careful."
The man he was referring to was conferring with an associate, and paid no attention to the little insect sitting to his right. He seemed the perfect incarnation of an exemplary trial lawyer: tall, refined, impeccably dressed, and arrogant. The only thing he seemed to lack was a certain genuineness, which our own attorney seemed to possess in abundance. He had long, wavy brown hair that was pulled back close to his head and fell halfway down his back, culminating in a ponytail. He had small, delicate features that bordered on the effeminate, and his smallish, pale-skinned hands worked feverishly at putting his associate's unkempt pile of documents in order. I instinctively felt a vague dislike for the man.
Stephan and Philip resumed their earlier conversation while Bonnie, Rebecca, and I pondered our collective fate.
"Do you trust this Dr. Hagstrom?" Bonnie asked.
"I trust Michelle," I replied. "And as Dr. Hagstrom is Michelle's friend I have no choice but to trust her as well under the circumstances."
"Oh, sis, why do you always put yourself in these positions?"
"What are you talking about?"
"You're putting all your valuable work in a stranger's hands. Do you think that's wise?"
"What would you do Bonnie?" Rebecca said. "Outside of the University, there is no lab sophisticated enough for us to continue our research. Dr. Hagstrom was gracious enough to permit us to use her own labs, with Michelle's recommendation of course."
"Of course," Bonnie replied. "Michelle does have a way of getting what Michelle wants."
"And lucky for us that she did," I said. "Otherwise, I'd be starting from square one all over again."
"You're far too trusting, sis. I've said it before and I'll say it again. You just better make sure Michelle sits on this woman or your entire career is going to go bye-bye."
"Well there's not really much I can do about it at this point Bonnie. You may think my trust in this woman is misplaced but can you tell me what other options I have right now?"
She sat quietly for a while looking thoughtful under our scrutinizing eyes. At last she shrugged her shoulders and sighed.
"I suppose you're right, sis. I didn't mean to be insensitive. I'm just worried about you, that's all."
I reached out and patted her hand. "You'd better worry about yourself. You're under arrest too."
"Not anymore," she said smiling.
"What do you mean?"
"You see that guy Endland over there?" she said, smiling at the officer. "He let me off."
"Let you off?" Rebecca said, surprised. "How did you manage that?"
Bonnie pulled her right hand in close to her chest and jerked her open fist back and forth quickly.
"Oh no," I said trying to speak softly. "You gave him a handjob?"
She leaned in towards us making certain Philip couldn't hear. "It's not the first."
She looked back and forth at us trying to gauge our reactions. Rebecca and I were hard pressed to suppress a laugh.
"You are too fucking much!" Rebecca said.
"It was only a misdemeanor anyway," she said, insouciantly.
"Is he as tough as he looks," I asked, throwing a glance his way.
"Actually, he only lasted a minute!" Bonnie grinned. "But he came buckets!"
The three of us laughed, but a warning stare from Stephan quickly changed our mood.
Luis was sitting quietly watching the attorney attend to his duties, oblivious to his presence. His head was down and he was fidgeting with his fingers, every now and then turning our way, and always with a menacing look on his face.
"If I knew a handjob would get that fucker off our backs," Bonnie said, "I'd go over there right now and jerk him off in front of all these people."
"Yeah, what a great way to humiliate the little shit," Rebecca added, with a smirk. "Just like we did to him at the lab."
"And then, after he shot his load," Bonnie continued, "I would kick his fucking nuts down his lying throat."
It almost felt as if Luis was reading our lips by the way he glared at us at the end of Bonnie's statement. His dark, sinister-looking eyes swept over all three of us in a gesture of infinite mockery, but I knew his hateful gaze was directed primarily at me.
"Look at him," Bonnie said, her mouth pursed. "Is that not the epitome of an asshole or what?"
Even as we watched him play with his fingers, he did something that made me despise him even more. Making two fists, he held them up before his chest, and pretending he was holding an invisible object in his grasp, made a quick downward motion as if he were breaking in two the imagined item.
"I will break you like a stick!"
At that moment I wished that I had been holding a pair of hedge clippers in my hands. And there, sandwiched between the far ends of the cutting edge, would be both his malfunctioning testicles, my hands drawing together to slice off the offensive body part in one joyous act of retribution. But before I could think of a suitable verbal response to his insult, the bailiff stood before the court and announced the arrival of the judge.
End of Chapter 8
End of Chapter 8