After we established that having sex in Cheryl's dorm while her roommate, Kim, was in the room was ok, Cheryl and I no longer had any issues having sex. We no longer had to time it when Kim wasn't in the room, or go fuck in one of our secret yet all too public places. We had sex in her dorm room when we wanted and how we wanted.
Granted, I think Cheryl still thought it was a little weird at first having intercourse while Kim was on the other side of the room, so most of that time it was when Kim was away or asleep. But the important thing is that it wasn't a show stopper anymore. If we were in the middle of fucking and she came home, we didn't stop. We just kept at it. Sometimes Kim would watch, other times she would ignore us, and sometimes she would reach her hands under her clothes and play with herself as she watched. Still, most of the time we fucked when we were alone, and that was just fine by me. The more Cheryl and I had sex, the more my appetite for her increased. With those huge tits and tight ass and hourglass figure, all I could think about was getting my dick inside her tight pussy or her mouth or between those huge tits. We fucked pretty much every day at least once, at at any time of the day or night.
But after a few times of getting walked in on, including one time when Kim got a little too close, we decided to set some ground rules. That day I had Cheryl on her back fucking her missionary. I had been fucking Cheryl for the last 30 minutes and Kim walked in and I was too close to cumming to stop, not that I would stop anyway. After a brief pause she took a few steps closer to us to get a better look while I pulled out and shot a huge load all over her stomach and massive tits as Cheryl held her breasts together for me to shoot on them. Kim didn't touch us any anything. But she gasped and whispered "oh wow" and smiled just a foot away from us as my semen sprayed all over Cheryl and Cheryl rubbed it into her tit flesh like a moisturizer. We got dressed and headed out to grab some lunch, leaving Kim in an obvious state of heightened horniness.
We went to one of the campus lunch spots and sat together eating our sandwiches. I could tell that Cheryl was preoccupied with something.
"Hey, are you ok? You seem lost in thought."
"Yeah I'm ok. I wasn't expecting Kim to walk in on us and come up right next to us like that".
"I know. She doesn't usually do that. Usually she stays on her bed."
I was worried that she was having second thoughts about the arrangement and we were going to have to go back to finding other places to have sex, which was always a hassle. Plus I have a bit of an exhibitionist streak in me and although I love having sex alone with Cheryl immensely I was also really enjoying fucking her in front of Kim.
"I know. It's fine but I just wasn't expecting her to get so close. It's a little weird. Do you think it's weird?"
"We'll, a little I guess but I'm ok with it."
"You really like it when she watches us, don't you?"
I was nervous how to answer. Would she be mad if I said yes? But if I said no would she see right through me and be mad at me for not being truthful? I decided to be honest.
"Yes I do like it. I mean, most times we do it she is not around. But having her watch once in a while is kind of a turn on. Don't you think?"
She paused for a minute and looked distracted, almost like she was remembering one of our previous fuck sessions.
"I have to admit that I like it, too." I gasped a sigh of relief. All was good.
She continued. " I think you and I are both are pretty open sexually. That's one of the reasons we work so well together. And there's nothing wrong with showing our bodies as long as it's consensual to all parties."
"And Kim doesn't seem to mind," I smirked.
Cheryl smiles and rolled her eyes. "No she definitely doesn't. And you're right. A little kinky play every now and then does spice up our sex life a bit." She lowered her voice and leaned towards me so no one at the next table could hear. "Not that I have any complaints. I love your cock. But knowing she is watching does get me extra wet."
That made me feel good. I was really hoping that we were going to continue and it sounds like we were good.
Cheryl continued. "There is something really hot about being watched. I've never done it before we got together but I'm open to exploring it. But I think there should be some ground rules."
"Of course. I want you to feel comfortable. Anything you like."
"Well the main thing is that I just don't want her to join in with us. I'm just not ready for that."
"That's ok I understand. There's no reason that has to happen."
She let out a nervous giggle that was very cute.
"Ok. As long as we're clear on that."
I just couldn't stop looking at her She's so sexy and adorable at the same time.
"I just like what we have and I don't want anything to mess it up."
"Oh babe I understand," I replied. "You are the best thing that's ever happened to me. I don't want anything messing that up. Nothing is worth that."
"Aww," she said, and leaned across the table and gave me a quick kiss. I got an eyeful of her cleavage as she leaned, and I saw the guy at the next table noticed and his girl punched him in the shoulder.
She continued. "It's not that I'm saying we would never spice things up and have a threesome or something with another couple for your birthday someday or something."
"Really? You would really do that?"
She paused and thought she then replied. "Yeah maybe. Alcohol might be required. But maybe. It's every guy's fantasy, right?" she said with a smile. "But I just don't think it should be with Kim. She's my roommate and my close friend. It would make things even more weird and awkward, you know?"
"Yeah I totally get it." I paused, wanting to explore this further. "Have you ever been with a woman."
"No. But I'd be lying if I said I'd never fantasized about it."
"That's so hot,". I said, my boner starting to throb in my pants again.
"Ok calm down tiger. I'm not ready to do anything like that," she said. "Kim is really pretty and I trust her, which is really important to me. If we weren't roommates I'd probably think about it. She's very cute and has a nice body. But I don't want to do that with her. If anything changes I will let you know. But that's how I feel."
"Ok babe I'm totally fine with that. I love what we have. So you're ok now? Including with her walking up close to us this morning?"
She thought for a moment and said "Yeah. I'm ok. It was kind of hot, wasn't it?"
"It really was."
"She broke up with her boyfriend a couple months ago and she's probably really horny. She told me she hasn't fucked anyone since they broke up. Maybe this is helping her get through that? I just don't want her to overstep and ruin it."
"That's ok. I agree. We can go at whatever pace you want. You call the shots. I'm fine with whatever you're comfortable with. If you want her to just watch, or to come closer or back off, you make that call. I'll go along with whatever you say."
"Ok. And if you feel uncomfortable with anything you'll let me know, too?"
"I can't envision that happening but yes I'll let you know."
"You're such a pervert. But I love you anyway."
"I love you too, babe".
A few nights later at about 3 am I was in bed with Cheryl, snuggled up against the back of her. Cheryl often slept naked and tonight was no exception. Kim usually wore a nightshirt to bed with a pair of panties and she was asleep in her bed on the other side of the dark room, barely illuminated by the glow of a street light shining through the window. I was wearing boxers but my dick was hanging out of the front of them. I loved the feeling of the bare skin of Cheryl's ass against me.
I ground my cock into her her firm ass cheeks and cupped her enormous tits from behind her. She responded, half asleep, by grinding her ass back against me, in small circular motions. This only goaded me on further and I just had to look at her. I pulled back the covers to see her naked body. She was perfect. I loved the slope of her hip and her rounded ass. The look of my cock nuzzled in the crack of her firm cheeks. Her slender, toned legs. The curve of her back and her hair cascading down her shoulder as she lay on her side. Above her ribs I can see the swell of the side of her breast and the nipple, now rock hard as I played with it from behind.
I reached between her legs to see if her neatly trimmed pussy was wet. She was nice and moist, and my finger slid inside her easily. She moaned as I fingered her, sliding finger in and out. Then I put two fingers inside her and she ground her cunt hard on them and bucked her hips. Damn she was wet. After a few minutes of fingering her she turned her head to me.
"I want you inside me right now."
Far be it from me to disappoint a lady.
I pulled the covers all the way back and positioned the head of my cock at the entrance to her pussy as I was spooning behind her and she lay on her side. Just then I heard Kim stirring in her bed and I glanced over at her. She was under her covers with her cute face looking at us.
Cheryl looked back at me and moaned. "Just fuck me. Just fuck me now." She didn't want any foreplay. She was really horny tonight. I slid my now rock hard dick into her streaming hot pussy. Her walls gripped my invading cock as I slammed it home in one hard thrust, balls deep. Cheryl gasped loudly as I held her shaking left leg up. I then pulled out slowly and slammed it into her hard again, making her left tit overflowing in my hand bounce with the force of the impact.
"Omg I'm cumming!" She let out a long series of screams into the pillow to try and muffle the sound but it was still loud. I couldn't believe she was already cumming! Her pussy gripped down on my cock like a vice as she orgasmed. Her hips bucked wildly as I held onto her left hip with a grip like like I was riding a bucking bronco trying not to get thrown. Just them I heard a gasp from Kim and looked over as I saw her also on her side with her hand moving rapidly under the covers. Her leg was also lifted just like Cheryl's, making her covers appear like a big tent.
Cheryl was still convulsing on my cock. "Mmmmmmmm!!!Don't stop fucking me. Keep going!" I held her leg and kept pounding her pussy, my balls slapping against her swollen pussy lips again and again. Her big tits were bouncing so much that they were hitting her in the chin.
After a few min Cheryl looked back at me and said between pants "gasp...gasp....lay down", and rolled me onto my back and she got on top facing me and slid her neatly trimmed pussy down on my hard pole. She started grinding and thrusting her hips on my shaft as she rode it hard and fast. I held her flaring hips to keep her from accidentally falling off the bed. She was fucking the shit out my cock. Fast and hard. Her big melons were bouncing in my face and I reached up to catch them and hold them together. The most perfect pair of tits id ever seen. I tried to suck on her nipples but her tits were bouncing so much that I couldn't keep them in my mouth. So I just flicked my tongue across her bouncing nipples whenever they came close enough.
Almost drowned out by Cheryl's moaning and our bed creaking, I heard some rhythmic moaning off to the side and I glanced over at Kim. She was still under the covers but shifted positions and was now face down on her mattress. Her hips were thrusting underneath the covers were making a rhythmic waving motion of the covers. I could tell from her shoulder underneath her that she was face down grinding into her hand. Then she got up on her knees and elbows and started rocking back and forth rhythmically. If I didn't know better I'd say she was riding someone's cock just like Cheryl was doing to me.
Then I noticed her pillow was gone and I realized she was humping the pillow.I wish the covers weren't in the way! I wanted to see what was going on under there. But I could see her face and she had a look of ecstasy as she masturbated on the pillow. She started slow but now nearly marched Cheryl's pace who was still riding my cock and engrossed in her own ecstasy. It quickly hit me that Kim was matching Cheryl's movements, riding her pillow as Cheryl rode me. Was she fantasizing about riding my cock? Clearly she was. That was so hot.
Cheryl did glance over at Kim periodically while she fucked me and looked down at me and smiled.
"Mmmmm. Mmmmm. You like watching her, too, don't you?" she growled at me as she fucked my hard dick.
"Ooooh yeah. I do. It's hot. As long as you keep riding me. You like that hard cock baby? You like showing Kim how you fuck it? ". I said as I thrust up to meet her thrusts.
"Mmmmm omg yeah!!!!! Omg. I'm gonna cum again!!!! Ahhhhhhh!!!"
Her pussy clamped down again as her second orgasm rushed over her. I could feel her flooding all around my cock. She slowed her thrusts and arched her back but continued to ride until her orgasm subsided.
I started playing with her tits and was thinking of getting on top of her to titty fuck her. But Cheryl had other ideas.
"No you're not done with my pussy. I want more. Do me doggy." She climbed off me and stuck her ass in the air and got on all fours. Kim remained on her pillow and watched as I got behind Cheryl and grabbed those flaring hips and lined my dick up at her steaming cunt, nice and wet from all the penetration. I buried it inside her with one hard thrust and she purred with pleasure.
I held onto her hips and fucked her, watching her beautiful ass cheeks bounce with each thrust. I ran my hands over the luscious globes. "Ooo baby I love your ass." She moaned back in appreciation looking back at me. She knew I wouldn't last much longer.
"Don't hold back. Fuck me hard. Take control and make me yours." I knew that meant she wanted it rough so I grabbed those hips and gave it to her good and hard. Again and again thrusting into that hot cunt and she was loving every stroke. She looked at me and looked at Kim, who was still in the same position on her hands and knees rhythmically riding her pillow but now it looked like Kim was imagining me fucking HER doggystyle. Kim was still under the covers and we could see the sweat on her face and one of her legs that had come out from under the covers.
I continued to bang Cheryl's pussy as she watching Kim grind on her pillow, my balls getting tighter as they slapped against Cheryl on each thrust and the cum swelled up inside me. I kept one hand on her hip and then grabbed her long hair into a ponytail and pulled on it as I fucked her like she liked it.
She looked at me and smiled and then looked back at Kim.
Between gasps, Cheryl made eye contact with Kim and managed to speak.
"Take it off."
Kim slowed her thrusts momentarily and looked at Cheryl as I let go of her hair.
"You must be dying under there," said Cheryl. "Take that cover off. It's ok. We want to see you, too".
Kim paused for a moment, then rose up on her knees allowing the cover to fall from her back and down past her ass. She still had her nightshirt on but her perfectly shaped ass was in full view. It was one of the nicest asses I'd ever seen. She resumed grinding on her pillow as I continued to plow into Cheryl from behind.
I could tell from Kims moans getting louder that she was about to cum, as was I. There was no holding back anymore. I grabbed Cheryl's wide hips and fucked her as hard as I could, switching my view from Cheryl's ass over to Kim's ass and back. Omg Kim's ass was nice! Perfect heart shape and little dimples above each cheek. I loved watching her ass muscles rhythmically flex each time she would grind forward on her pillow.
After seeing that on top of being inside Cheryl, I couldn't hold it anymore.
"I'm gonna cum baby."
Cheryl took her eyes away from Kim and looked back at me. "Fuck me. Shoot your load deep inside me."
With a few final thrusts I moaned loudly and came hard in her pussy, shooting jet after jet of cum against her cervix, my cock pulsing again and again as unloaded my seed inside her.
Then Kim emitted the loudest moan she had done so far and I could tell she was cumming as well, trembling as her orgasm ripped through her. She collapsed onto her side, her nightshirt clinging to her sweaty body like a wet T-shirt. As she rolled over she left a big wet spot on her pillow where her pussy had been. Just seeing that made me want to eat some pussy but I knew Cheryl wouldn't be able to cum again after that.
We were all drenched in sweat and collapsed in our messy covers and just lay there. It felt so good to just lie there in that post orgasmic glow before we all fell back to sleep.
I would day dream about Cheryl in class and I would get hard thinking about her sweet lips wrapped around my cock or shooting my load all over her tits and between her massive cleavage.
It also didn't help that most of my friends wanted to bang Cheryl, and some of them would tell me about it. That would just get me more anxious to fuck her. The thought of someone wanting your girlfriend so bad yet knowing she was mine at the end of the day was really a turn on to me.
One of those friends was Jamie. He was in the same class as Cheryl and me. We had met at a party a while back. He was a theater guy, and he and his girlfriend, Megan, had talked Cheryl into joining theatre so they were another couple that we hung out with regularly. Jamie was always asking me about Cheryl.
"Dude, did you fuck that hot girlfriend of yours again last night?"
Jamie had no hang ups about asking me direct questions, and sometimes his questions would draw shocked expressions from others within earshot of us.
"Of course I did. Her pussy is so fucking good. I wanted to fuck her again this morning but I had to get to class."
"Awww man I hate that. I've got to get that load out of me every morning or I'm walking around with a third leg all day. I can't focus on anything."
"Oh my God I hear ya." I was experiencing that same frustration right now.
Jamie continued. "Yep, that's why I let Megan ride my cock and then suck me off before I left for class." She likes a nice load to swallow to go with her morning coffee."
Megan was a really cute brunette with hair down to the center of her back. She stood a little taller than Cheryl but not by much. Although she usually dressed in baggy or loose fitting clothes, she had this banging body underneath that she didn't show very often. She had a really thin frame with an hourglass figure and a nice set of D cup tits. Not as big as Cheryl's but definitely nice."
I played along. "Nice bro. I hope you got her off."
I was getting worked up just listening to him talk about Megan. She was hot. I needed to go see if Cheryl was in her room as soon as class was over.
Jamie continued. "Well I don't know how you didn't fuck her this morning. Your girl has a banging body. And those tits!"
I nodded and smiled.
"And then you've got Kim over there, too. I don't know how you keep your hands off her. Nice perky nipples and an ass that won't quit. I love Megan but damn I've jerked off thinking about either Cheryl or Kim on separate occasions more than once this week. I don't know how you can be with both of them in that room and not be sporting wood all the time."
I smirked back. "Well I usually am." I was used to Jamie making remarks like that about Cheryl so it didn't bother me. Jamie knew nothing about the arrangement Cheryl and I had with Kim and I was sworn to secrecy about it so didn't tell him. But I spent the rest of the class completely distracted and trying to hide my hard on.
After class I went to find Cheryl because I was really worked up and wanted to know if I could get a quick afternoon fuck before we went to dinner. I got to her dorm room and went inside.
Kim was sitting at her desk and looked up at me from her notebook with a cute smile. "Hi Brett."
"Hi Kim," I said with a hint of disappointment as I looked around the room and saw no one else was there. "Is Cheryl around?"
"Nope she must still be in class." Kim was wearing a thin white t shirt tucked into a nice pair of jeans.
I shrugged my shoulders. "Ahh ok. Yep. Those classes really get in the way of things, don't they?"
"Right? It's annoying," Kim said. "I've been studying for hours and my brain has turned to jelly". She spoke as she put her pen down and stretched her arms above her head and and groaned. As she did this she arched her back, which pushed her tits up in the air and accentuated the fact that she was not wearing a bra under her shirt.
Kim and I had developed an interesting friendship. I would never cheat on Cheryl and both Cheryl and Kim knew that, but there was definitely some sexual tension between me and Kim. I was definitely enjoying the view as she stretched. I think she was putting on a show for me, and why shouldn't she? Cheryl and I had put on a show for her every time we fucked in front of her.
"Ugh. I'm so stressed out about this economics class" she said as she slumped back in her chair. "Will you give me a back rub?"
"Sure. You do look stressed out". I said as I came up behind her and put my hands on her shoulders and started rubbing at the base of her neck and massaged her shoulders and upper arms, feeling all the tension in her upper back.
"Mmmmmm. That feels so good," she moaned as I rubbed her shoulders. Her eyes were closed and she was purring.
"Your back is all knots," I said, as I tried to massage them out.
"Well I'm really freaking out about this exam," Kim paused and moaned as I massaged her. "And I currently don't have access to the same stress relieving exercises as you and Cheryl do." Kim smiled, still with her eyes closed.
I smiled. "Well I seem to remember you relieving something yourself on occasion when you watch us."
Kim opened her eyes and gave me a devilish look then looked away. "Well I have needs, too."
"No complaints here," I said while looking down the front of her shirt at the cleavage and her perky nipples which hardened as I massaged her shoulders, marking the summit of the slope of each breast. Kim's tits were no where near as big as Cheryl's but definitely not small, and very nicely shaped and perky.
Her shirt had come untucked from her pants and I was enjoying the view of the crack of her ass down the back of her jeans when I heard the sound of keys at the door signaling that Cheryl was back. I left Kim and walked to the door to open it for her.
"Hi," Cheryl said and kissed me as she walked in with her hands full of books. "Hi roomie," she said, smiling at Kim.
"Hi. Brett was just giving me the best shoulder rub. I feel so much better. You should rent those hands out."
"He's good, isn't he?" She smiled and winked at me as she put her bags down.
Kim stood up, her nipples still hard, and went to her closet and grabbed her robe and shower caddy.
"Well I'm going to take a quick shower. It's been a long week and I'm tired and going to go to bed early tonight." Kim and Cheryl's room didn't have its own bathroom. They used the dorm floor bathroom down the hall which had numerous shower stalls. As she opened the door and was about to head out she asked:
"What are you guys up to tonight?"
Cheryl replied. "We're going to hang out with the usual crowd. But there's a theatre group party that we said we'd attend so we need to get ready for that."
"That's nice," she said. "We'll I'm gonna go see if the shower with the good water pressure is free." Kim smiled and draped the robe over her shoulder and walked out into the hallway closing the door behind her.
I turned to Cheryl and gave her a big kiss, putting my tongue in her mouth and our tongues danced together as we kissed. I reached down and cupped her ass with both hands then reached up and started to undress her, grinding my hard on against her lower stomach which I was sure that she felt.
Cheryl opened her eyes and broke the kiss. "No...no Brett we don't have time! Look it's almost 6. We need to leave in like 10 minutes and I haven't even changed yet".
I stepped back and sat in her desk chair, sexually frustrated but realizing that she was probably right.
"I need to get changed silly," Cheryl said as she started undressing.
I tried to get my mind off being so horny but my cock was pitching a tent in the front of my pants. That and the aching of my blue balls made it hard to forget. "How was your day?"
Cheryl spent a few minutes telling me about her day as she got ready. Her classes had been stressful and it was Friday night and she just wanted to go out and have a good time. After a few minutes she peeled her blouse off over her head and pulled her pencil skirt down, standing there in a black bra and matching lace thong. The flesh of her enormous tits spilled over the black cups of her 34DD bra and my mouth watered as I looked at her.
"I think this bra is too small for me," she said as she picked out a nice outfit to wear.
She then looked over at me and smiled that cute smile, knowing that I was checking her out.
"Am I distracting you? Don't you need to change?"
"No I don't care. I'm just wearing what I'm wearing," I said, adjusting my erection through my pants down one of the pant legs and just feeling grumpy and trying to get my blue balls to simmer down. Her semi-nakedness was not helping.
She looked at me again with that cute smile. "You're not going to be in a good mood until you release some of that pressure, are you?"
I smiled at her. "No I really don't so. It's a problem," I said with a smile. "Sorry babe I know you have to get ready. I was just thinking about you in class and hoping for a little time with you before we had to go".
She smiled at me. Got she looked good in that black push up bra! It made her tits look even more enormous. She turned from me and grabbed a pillow off her bed and walked over to me with a devilish look in her eye.
"Well how about I take care of you to tie you over until later?"
She turned me in the swivel desk chair to face her, dropped the pillow on the floor in front of me and knelt down on it between my legs. She unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my jeans and reached inside my pants and pulled my throbbing cock out.
She looked up at me and tucked her long hair behind her ears. "We need to be fast, ok?" Without waiting for my reply, she engulfed the head of my cock in her mouth and slid her lips halfway down my shaft. I gasped at the sudden feeling of warmth and wetness as her mouth and lips bathed my dick in her saliva
Excited by the pending relief I pulled my jeans down my legs to give her better access and spread my legs as I enjoyed the warmth of inside of her mouth and the feeling of her tongue massaging the underside of my dick as her head bobbed up and down. Her cheeks caved in on each side as she buried my cock down her throat and sucked it good and hard. She pushed further, almost to the point of choking then came back up for air and resumed her bobbing motion on my cock.
"Mmmmmm that feels so fucking good," I said as she brought one hand onto my shaft and stroked it up
And down in rhythm with her bobbing mouth. Her little fingers could barely encircle the hard throbbing meat of my dick. Then she took me out of her mouth and continued to jack my cock with her hand as she licked my balls, then taking each one into her mouth as she stroked me. It was hard to keep from cumming as she put me back in her mouth.
I cupped her big tits, still in her black bra, and lifted them in my hands as she continued to suck me off. I reached behind her and unhooked the three clasps of her bra and separated the ends, pulling her bra down her arms. She moaned disapprovingly and released my cock from her mouth with a loud pop. She knew what I wanted.
"No Brett we don't have time for that."
"Just let me fuck your tits a little. I'll cum faster."
"Fine but don't cum on me. I won't have time to get cleaned up. You're going to cum in my mouth".
Still kneeling in front of me, she arched her back and squeezed her huge melons around my cock and I started thrusting between them. Damn they were so warm and firm and big. I loved how her hard nipples touched together as I tittyfucked her. The desk chair was rocking and creaking as I fucked her tits, obviously not built to take this long of punishment. So I stood up in front of her so could thrust harder. Her tits were so big that I could literally fuck straight into her cleavage while she squeezed them together.
Sensing I was getting close, she smiled at me and put me back in her mouth and resumed her oral administrations. I remained standing looking down on her, naked except for the black thong she was wearing. Her ass cheeks protruding out from behind her blonde hair as they curved around the black thong in the crack of her ass. She had one hand on my hip and the other on my balls, teasing them with her long fingernails. My balls were so tight and hard and I knew I couldn't last much longer.
Just then I heard the door open and Kim walked into the room, this time wearing her robe and a towel on her head, and carrying the clothes she had worn to the shower. Cheryl's back was to her and she must have heard Kim come in but she didn't miss a beat and kept bobbing on my cock. Kim made eye contact me as she saw Cheryl on her knees in just her thong blowing me and she mouthed the word "sorry" and smiled as she quietly closed the door behind her and put down her clothes and shower caddy. I smiled, thinking to myself that there's no reason to be sorry. We obviously didn't mind.
Kim pulled the towel off her head and her wet hair fresh from the shower cascaded down to her shoulders. She looked really good with her hair wet. She opened one of her drawers and picked out something to wear to bed. It looked like a pink silk night gown, almost negligee, a little sluttier than she normally wore to bed. Kim looked briefly at me and then looked away. Then she untied her robe and let it fall from her shoulders down to the floor! I gasped as the robe fell and Kim stood there completely naked in front to me.
Omg I was not ready for that! I had seen flashes of Kim's body including her ass and legs from the waist down but had never seen her completely naked. My god she was beautiful. Perfect pale white skin with a hint of bikini tan lines from a day at the beach from a long time ago. Long, muscular legs sloping up to the most perfect ass you've ever seen. Fuck it was nice. Firm with dimples above each cheek with curvy but athletic hips. With a beautifully curved back and nice perky tits in front coming down from her shoulders with hard nipples that were much darker in color than her pale skin. Her pussy was nearly trimmed with barely any hair. She knew I was looking at her but did not make eye contact. She just bent down to get her robe very casually, giving me a great view of her ass and her pussy lips protruding beneath them. She hung up her robe and very casually organized her things and brushed her hair while
looking at herself in the mirror.
Cheryl was going faster on my cock and I had a nice view of Kim from the slide and her small frame and flat stomach coupled with that bubble ass sent me over the edge.
I couldn't hold it any longer. I looked down at Cheryl and screamed "Babe I'm cumming!!!". Cheryl picked up the pace of her sucking and stroking as I exploded in Cheryl's mouth. Cheryl moaned and grabbed both my ass cheeks as she clamped her tight lips around my pulsing cock and swallowed the huge load spurting into her mouth and down her throat. She moaned with pleasure every time I ejected another shot of semen into her mouth. The moaning made vibrations on my cock that were heavenly.
I llooked up and Kim stood there naked, looking over her shoulder at me as she allowed me to continue to look at her while Cheryl's mouth sucked the cum right out of my balls as I held the back of her head. My knees bucked as I sat back down in the chair. Cheryl followed me down, not letting her sucking lips break their tight seal on my dick as I sat down. I saw her neck muscles contracting as she swallowed the last of my seed and released my cock from her mouth. She carefully licked the head clean of any last drops as Kim stepped into a white thong and pulled it seductively up her long legs, finally coming to rest on her nice hips. Kim then put the nightgown on followed by her robe.
I was in the chair too dizzy to move when Cheryl said "Wow that was a lot of cum! But I think it got it all." She licked her lips and fingertips. I was amazed that she had managed not to get any cum on her.
Cheryl picked up her bra off the floor and looked over at Kim. "Thanks roomie. I think you helped him get there faster, too." Cheryl looked back at me.
"Come on we need to get going" as she put her bra back on and finished getting dressed. I somehow pulled myself together and put my now softening cock back in my pants. A few minutes later we said a quick bye to Kim and were out the door. In the hallway Cheryl was still licking her hot lips.
"When we come back tonight you owe me," she said and winked at me as headed outside. I already couldn't wait for the party to be over.