It was monday morning 11am, Don was in his cabin at Snow Inc. in some deep thought. He had finished the meeting with the Stark group and was wondering whether he should invest in their idea. The pitch from the Stark group was mediocre. He was in deep thought when the desk phone started ringing. He glanced at the caller ID screen and saw Monica's name flashing.
Monica was Don's personal secretary from 2000. She is 38 years old with shoulder length hairs, watermelon size boobies. She had maintained her body. At 20 she should have been a perfect ten, at 38 the score was not bad either.
Don picked the phone after a couple rings and said, "hello what's up Monica?"
"The paperwork for the new intern you brought in today, the redhead, give me a sec, what was her name, oh damn where did i keep the file."
"It's Lauren," filled in Don.
"Yeah Lauren, it's done and you want me to tag her along Hannah?"
"That is correct Hon."
"What about the safety and company policies training? Should I give her a week to finish the mandatory training before I tag her along with Hannah?"
"I think that would be fine. Do what all interns have to undergo on starting days.
"Understood chief," Monica kept the receiver back.
Don started staring at the painting on the wall and went back to his thoughts. He did not hear the knock on his door.
Tuk tuk he looked towards the tap on the table, it was Hannah the super model CTO, that what the colleagues called her.
"Hey, I knocked twice and you were dreaming, brought you this chicken Caesar wrap. Let's eat," instructed Hannah.
"Where is Lauren?"
"No clue, boss."
Don called Monica from the desk phone.
"How may i help you?"
"Did you see Lauren?"
"I just introduced her to the intern group and do you need me to get her? She must be with them."
"Tell her to come to my cabin for lunch."
Monica sensed the fondness Don was showing to the new intern. She knew exactly what Don had in his head.
"Done boss," she chuckled.
"What was that for?" asked Don.
Monica replied, "I know you from the past 20 years, I just imagined Lauren bent over at your desk in a few minutes."
"Haa Haa Haa funny, if anyone is bending over, it will be you," hit back Don.
"I'm ready to take in that big fat juicy cock of yours anytime, anyday. I will get the message to Lauren."
"Thank you honey," replied Don to Monica. Don had fucked Monica since the beginning years. Monica shared a friendly rapport with Don. She could speak about his dick without any hesitation or embarrassment.
Hannah had set up the salad on the coffee table to the side of the office cabin. Don's cabin had two large sofas at 90 degrees to the corner. He also had a spare desk and chair if someone had to work with him. Mostly he used the spare table to have sex. He had the table height adjusted in such a way that when a girl sits on top of the table and spreads her legs, his cock will just need to move horizontally to enter the pussy. In the earlier days, he used to count the number of pussies he had pumped on the spare table, he and Hannah's dad Harry used to compete. The winner gets to have one of the loser's girls for a month to his disposal.
"What were you thinking about?"
"I was thinking about the Stark presentation, How did you feel?"
"Naahhhh," Hannah made a sound.
"Similar products are already in the market," said Hannah.
"You really remind me of Harry, he used to make decisions so quickly, sometimes I miss that bastard," Don smiled while calling Hannah's dad a bastard. She did not get offended because she was aware of the depth of their friendship.
Don was sitting on the adjacent sofa. Hannah patted his thighs, "cheer up, let's have lunch, or do you want me to give you a blow job?"
"Let's eat first babe."
There was a knock on the door and Monica entered with Lauren. She never waited to hear a call to get in from Don.
"Here you go Don, she is all yours," said Monica and turned back to leave.
"Wanna join us Monica," asked Hannah.
"Need to finish an urgent task, I will join you in some time. Hey Don, so she is Matt's girlfriend that's why the special attention," said Monica.
"We had a chat back there, she wanted to know how I got in without an interview," added Lauren.
"I took her interview at my house," coverdup Don.
"I will leave you guys to enjoy your lunch," said Monica looking at Don through her frameless glasses. Don always preferred the glasses on her.
"Why is our boss looking dull?" Lauren asked Hannah.
"We have not been able to identify a good business investment since last month. The stark group presentation this morning was crap. He is missing my dad and I don't know, what else is going on in his head?"
Lauren started unbuttoning her shirt. Then she removed it, folded it on top of the spare table. She was wearing a red lacy bra which suited her white skin color and red head. "We need to cheer him up," said Lauren while sitting next to Don on the sofa.
Don looked at the redhead who was removing her bra now. She unhooked the back and removed the bra from front. Don noticed the pink nipples and in no time his hands were cupping her left breast and his mouth was on her right nipple. Lauren left out a moaning sound. Hannah moved closer to Don and started massaging his dick over the cotton trouser he was wearing. She could feel the big python coming back to life. Hannah unhooked the trouser and unzipped it. She pulled down his underwear and pulled out the 10 inch cock in open. Both the girls had their eyes fixed on the Don's cock.
Lauren pulled out her nipple from Don's mouth with a pop sound and went on her knees. She planted a kiss on Don's cock head.
"From now on i will call it Python," Lauren announced after planting a second kiss.
"Why Python?" Hannah enquired while stroking the big dick.
"Cause it's big and thick like a snake," replied Lauren. All three of them started laughing.
"I have a meeting right now, can i call in from your desk?" Hannah asked.
"Sure go ahead," instructed Don.
Don took the chicken wrap and started eating it while Lauren had his cock in her mouth. She was swirling her tongue up and down the cockhead. About an inch of his cock was in her mouth. Don had his left hand on the redhead's hairs. They heard a single knock on the door and before anyone could react Monica was inside the cabin. She closed the door and moved towards the sofa.
"OMG! I thought she was your son's girlfriend," said Monica surprisingly.
"Yes, she is," Don mumbled while chewing on the wrap. Lauren was focused on making Don cum, she ignored the conversation.
"She wanted to thank me for the internship and offered this, I could not say no to a beautiful lady, you know it," Don added.
"Specially if it's a redhead with nice knockers," laughed Monica.
Lauren lifted her head, looked at Monica and smiled. "I call him Python," she pointed towards Don's dick.
"That name definitely suits the features of his cock," Monica smiled. Don finished the wrap by the time.
Monica was wearing a white shirt, her enormous, 36DD boobs were stressing the shirt buttons. It was a wonder how the buttons were holding up. Don placed his left hand on the redhead's head, instructing her to go back to his erect cock. Don turned towards Monica and placed his right hand on her melon. She was wearing a thin bra, he could feel it on top of her shirt. Don started kissing the blonde while pressing her right boob over her shirt. Hannah on the other corner was on the conference call but all her attention was towards the sofa and the people on them. She had already been leaking her pussy juices. Don broke his kiss with Monica and started unbuttoning her shirt.
The top few buttons opened out just by a gentle push. Monica stood up and removed the remaining. She removed the shirt and in a few seconds her bra was on the floor. Don looked at the huge boobs hanging. They were not saggy, just had so much flesh. Her nipples were brown in color. Don has seen her boobies multiple times throughout his life but never got bored of them.
He recalled the first time he had fucked Monica, it was with Harry after an office team success party. Monica's husband Tom was also in the party, he got drunk a bit too much and was in no condition to drive back. Harry and Don offered the couple a lift back. By the time they reached their home, Tom was sleeping like a baby, they lifted him and put him on the bed. It was a task as Tom was on the fat side. Monica offered beers which Don and Harry had accepted. After an hour of drinking the scene was Monica was on her fours, Don had his dick in her pussy and was pumping her, Harry had his dick in her mouth and had cupped her boobs. Don and Harry switched places every 5 minutes. Monica revealed that Tom has only a 2inch long dick. Both the men were surprised, Don's was 10 inches long and Harry had his at 8inches when erect. After both of them cummed inside Monica's 23 year old pussy, she showed them her unconscious husband's dick to prove her point. It was hidden inside his balls, the strange part was his ball sack was bigger than his dick. The three of them showered at 2am and Monica paid special attention to both the big dicks. They fucked twice more in the showrr before leaving. That was the first time and after that many business trips were organised by Harry and Don, where Monica would be tagged with them. She would be in the same hotel bed with either one of them. Tom eventually came to know about his wife banging her bosses. He questioned her once, she showed him the pictures of Don's and Harry's erect dicks and there were no more questions. There were no more questions asked. Monica made him understand that she loves him and it's just his small dick which can't satisfy her sexual needs. Tom was frustrated earlier but he could not help it. Monica started openly telling him who among Harry or Don or both had put his or their dick inside her pussy today. In few months he got acclamatized to Don and Harry fucking his wife. He had tried his best to fuck her and make her moan with his short 2inch penis but Monica's pussy already had tasted the bigger cocks. The 2inch cock vs the 10 inch python was no competition, Tom understood. He once had invited Don to fuck his wife in front of him to understand what was he missing. He understood it just was the size of Don's dick, the reality was Don was not even putting a third of the effort that Tom puts while fucking Monica. He had never seen Monica moaning like this in his life. All these memories were flashing in Don's head while he realized that even Monica was now sucking on his dick. He saw a blonde and redhead on his lap worshiping his huge shaft with their tongues. There was a beep on Monica's cell phone, she picked and saw a meeting notification.
"Need to go, we have the training arranged for the interns," said Monica while putting her hand on Lauren's shoulder. Lauren removed her mouth from Don's cock.
"What time is it Monica?"
"12.30 PM."
Lauren looked at the watch on her left hand and said, "It's 12.25 now, I don't want to be late on my first day, sorry Don, I will take care of Python later."
"Oh man, what about you Monica?" Don held his cock in his hand and asked the blonde bombshell.
"I'm the instructor for the company policy boss," said Monica with a laugh. She loved to tease Don.
"An old man can't even get a blow job in this cruel world," said Don while smiling. He was not upset at all because he wanted all the employees to take the work as their first priority. He looked at Hannah in the corner and had a devilish grin. He asked Monica and Lauren to go attend the meeting. The ladies got dressed and proceeded towards the door. Monica turned back.
"Hey boss, why don't you come to my home tonight, after work? Let's finish what we started at my bed. You can bring Lauren also."
Don liked Monica's idea. "Sure honey, please let Tom know."
"Will do," said Monica while closing the door.
Don stood up, got out of his trouser which was on his ankles and started walking towards Hannah at his work table. She saw him coming with his huge erection wobbling in all directions. She smiled while speaking on the phone. Don reached back her chair, and kept his hands on her shoulders and started massaging her. He slowly moved his hands inside her shirt.
"Ok guys, I have another meeting to attend, catch you later," blurted out Monica on the receiver.
"What happened, I always say work is the first priority young lady," said Don with a stern look.
"Yes, boss I have passed all information down and the minutes of the meeting will have all action items and action owners, I will cc you," informed Hannah and turned the rotating chair towards Don. She stood up and started removing her shirt.
"You are so efficient," Don said. She removed the skirt by this time. Don saw the black bra and lacy black panty. Hannah removed her bra and sat on Don's lap. Don's dick was between her legs. Hannah was only in her sexy panties, Don pinched her nipple, which made her turn towards Don on his lap. Don kissed her shoulder. Dons dick was separated from her pussy lips by the shear panty material. She could feel the dick pulsing on her pussy lips. The panty near her love tunnel was already wet.
"Do you have any other meeting in the next hour?" Don asked the tall panty clad brunette sitting on his lap.
"No boss," responded Hannah to Don's question. His hands were all over his body. He was licking the tall ladies neck and then again the desk phone started ringing.
"Oh for fuck sake," said Don in a pissed tone. Hannah stood up from his lap and kneeled down.
"Go ahead pick the call, i will take care of Python," said Hannah while moving her mouth towards the cock head. Don was appreciative of the brunette's action. He pressed the speaker button of the ringing phone. He had a glance at the called ID and it displayed an unknown number. Hannah had taken half of his shaft inside her mouth.
"Hello, Don Snow from Snow Inc."
"Hello, who is on the line?" Don repeated when there was no response from the other side.
"Hey Don, its Harry." Don froze for a second when he realized Harry's daughter, Hannah was sucking on his cock right now. Hannah heard the voice also but she continued on giving Don a blowjob. Don had felt even she had paused on a position on his shaft, when he first heard her father's voice.
"Hey you bastard, How are you?" Don tried to overcome his shock by raising his voice.
"I'm pretty good you horsedick," replied Harry.
"How is everything going? How are you? Where are you?" Don shooted questions.
"Hey man, i'm in Cambodia. I married a local girl here last week," Harry replied.
"Congratulations brother, How is she? I know she will be hot for sure," Don spoke. He was feeling more aroused by the fact Hannah was sucking his dick.
"Her name is Kelly, i cant get tired of her pussy man, she is 21, asian, nice firm tits, bald pussy," Harry boasted. Hannah raised her eyes to look into Don's eyes after hearing her dad describing his new wife. Don felt Hannah's sucking speed increasing on his cock.
"Man the truth is my dick is in Kelly's cunt now, i remembered the days when we uaed to fuck Monica together, i could not resist dialing you buddy," added Harry.
"Ha ha ha, good old times man, I also have a chick blowing me right now," flexed Don. Hannah's saliva was dripping to the base of Don's dick now.
"Who is she man?" Harry asked in curiosity.
"She is a 26 year old, tall brunette from office man, a new hire, fucking amazing face, sexy butt, pussy to die for, hairless ofcourse," described Don. Hannah could not resist, she stood up. Don could see the wet patch on her panty. He raised both of his hands and placed them on the panty from both sides. He inserted her fingers in the waistband and started pulling it down the tall girls legs, till the gravity came into picture. The pussy was dripping. Don heard a beep on his cell phone.
"I have sent you Kelly's pic, Man I'm a lucky bastard," Harry spoke.
Don picked his cellphone, saw a message from an unknown number, clicked it open, clicked download, and an image of a naked asian lady on bed came. She had nice straight black hairs, round face, perky 32c boobies, flat tummy, clean pussy, nice athletic legs. Don showed the pic to Hannah.
"She is hot man," said Don. He switched on the camera of cell phone and clicked a pick of Hannah's wet pussy. Hannah had zero fat on her body, she had the triangular gap between her legs, just below her pussy in the photo Don took. Her thighs were touching each other after the gap. Her hairless pussy was glistening. He showed the pic to Hannah and clicked on it to send to the unknown number.
"Motherfucker don't trick me, you just downloaded a supermodel pussy from google and shared," Harry mocked.
"Give me a minute buddy," Don said and lifted Hannah. He took the tall girl in his arms to the spare table. He lied her down, he went back to his table, picked a pen and came back to Hannah. She was now lying on the table with her legs hanging. Don lifted her legs and placed on his shoulder. He opened the cap of the pen, brought the pen close to her pussy lips, went half an inch above the lips and signed on the smooth skin. He threw the pen to his work desk. His cock was aligned to the love hole, he slowly pushed it in. Hannah moaned with a big dick spreading her pussy lips. When his dick was about 4 inch deep in her pussy, he took the cellphone on the desk and switched on the camera. He clicked a picture which had his dick and the signature above the pussy lips on frame. He clicked send to the unknown number. Don started pumping her. He could feel the warmth and wetness of the accommodating pussy on his cock walls.
"Holy shit, OMG, you luckist son of a fucking bitch," shouted Harry on the phone. Hannah laughed listening to her father's reaction to her pussy. Don did not say anything and concentrated pumping the leggy lass's bald pussy. Hannah started moaning louder with each upcoming thrust.
"Oh Don! Don! it's so big, oh my, i'm coming."
"Dude i'm ready to share Kelly, if you allow me a day with Miss Super model pussy," Harry shouted.
"Speak up you bastard," cried Harry.
"Let me check with the babe you despo," spoke back Don looking to the receiver. He started thrusting harder, his balls were making contact with her ass cheeks now. She gave a thumbs up signal with her both hands.
"ow ow ow owww oww oh that feels so good," moaned Hannah in pleasure.
"You are lucky, man she is ready to spread her leg once for you," said Don looking towards the phone.
"That's my boy, thank you my brother and you baby girl, I will see you soon, I will get Kelly for you man, she is all in. I told her about your 10inch long shaft," said Harry in excitement.
"Bro i have a meeting in some time, text me or call me before you plan to come back, i will hook you up with Miss supermodel pussy, hahhahaha," laughed Don.
"Sure brother, I forgot to ask about Hannah between all this talk about the hot pussy, How is she Don?"
"She is doing pretty good, she will be excited to know you are coming," said Don while thrusting harder into his daughter's pussy.
"Oh my fucking god," shouted Hannah. Don erupted inside her. For a few seconds his dick was ejecting semen inside the young girl's womb.
"Thanks, call you later buddy, take your time," said Harry, understanding his friend's situation.
Don dismounted his cock from Hannah's pussy, walked to his chair and took her panty from the floor, wiped his dick using the shear cloth and threw it towards Hannah. She was exhausted by the huge cock invasion in her pussy.
"You dad wants to fuck you," said Don.
"I heard, kind of kinky, he is going to kick your ass when he realize the pussy he is desiring is mine and you were fucking his daughter while speaking to him," pointed out Hannah with a laugh. She got up to pick her panty.
"Harry owed me one babe, he had fucked my ex wife on my back once," recalled Don.
"I think i will finish all my work from here today, i'm smelling of sex," said Hannah.
"Please go ahead, don't forget to send the accounts team meeting minutes, you are already late," said Don while pulling his trouser up.
"Im late because you were fucking my brains out while speaking to my dad," said Hannah with a fake anger.
"No more excuses young lady," Don patted on her ass covered in panty. She dressed up and started working on her laptop. Don started looking into his mails, the next time Don looked at the clock and it was 6pm.
"Time is flying," said Don to Hannah.
"Yeah, I have so much work left," said Hannah in frustration.
"Finish quickly, we need to go to Monica's house tonight, you can tease Tom," said Don.
"Hey, I will pass, I have to make it to my roommates treat, she got a new job, I may be late tomorrow," informed Hannah.
"Cool," said Don.
Don picked the desk phone receiver, speed dialed Monica and said, "We will leave in 10 mins honey, get Lauren. I have not brought in my car today, i carpooled with Hannah, i will join you," instructed Don.
"Alright chief," said Monica.
At 6.30, Don shut his laptop, packed his bag, walked over to Hannah, kissed her on the lips and walked out to the parking lot. Monica and Lauren were waiting there. They reached Monica's house by 7.30PM.
Monica's house was in an urban area with apartments all around. She parked the car in the designated apartment spot. The three of them walked to the door and Monica hit the door bell. Tom greeted everyone in a minute.
"Hey Don, hi babe and hello Miss," paused Tom.
"Lauren," said Don with his arms around Lauren's waist.
"Hello Miss Lauren," said Tom with his mouth open admiring the redhead's beauty.
"Babe what did you cook?" Monica interrupted.
"I have some pork rib, fish and chips," answered Tom.
"Great," said Don while entering his house.
"Is the salad and dessert ready," enquired Monica.
"No honey, there's some work left in the kitchen," said Tom.
"You both can sit and watch TV and drink a few beers before we start dinner," said Monica, looking towards Don and Lauren.
"I'm all sweaty, I need a shower first," said Don.
"Sure, Don use the one in our bedroom, you know where it is," laughed Tom.
"Even I need a shower," Lauren squealed. She started walking behind Don.
"Miss Lauren, we have one more bathroom over there," Tom pointed to the right with his hands. Monica elbowed him on his tummy.
"There is enough space for two in the one Don is going," Monica laughed.
"Let me save your water bill," Lauren added with a grin. Don and Lauren disappeared into the bedroom.
"He is fucking that redhead, damn she looks like in early 20's, what a lucky bastard?" Tom asked in shock.
"Play your card nicely and you may see her nude, maybe you can touch her also," said Monica.
Don and Lauren were in shower in their birthday suits. Don took the shower gel in his palm and spread it over the redheads breasts. Lauren on other hand was paying special attention to Don's 10inch long cock. Both of them had soaped each other very well, when they heard Monica calling them from outside.
"Give us a few minutes, we will be out," said Don in annoyance.
Monica knocked again. Don opened the frosted sliding door and unlocked the bathroom door in anger. He saw Monica wrapped in a towel, which she dropped the moment he opened the door. His anger vanished in a moment.
"I thought, why increase the water bill," laughed Monica.
"That's a smart decision," said Don while allowing her to enter. Don patted her thick ass, squeezed her ass. She entered the sliding door and started kissing Lauren. Don joined the girls and in few seconds both of them were taking turns in kissing Don and soaping his long dick.
Don's hugged Monica and her boobs were squeezing against his muscular chest. They heard a knock on the door.
"What is it Tom?" Annoyed Monica asked.
"Dinner is all set babe," said Tom in a trembling voice.
"I will join the poor guy, we will continue in bed after dinner," said Don while squeezing Monica's huge boobs. Don slided the frosted glass door and came out of shower, picked a towel and started drying his hairs. He opened the bathroom door and saw Tom outside. His big 10 inch dick was wobbling. Don was proud of his male organ, so tried nothing to hide.
"I think the girls will take some more time, let's grab a beer," said Don while handing over the towel to Tom.
"ok. fine, do you need a short to wear?"
"I don't think I will fit in with this boner man, thank you for asking, you know when he sees naked girls, he won't go down unless he gets into their pussy," said Don while holding his dick. Tom gave a timid smile. He had never showered with two girls in his life. Tom was wearing a shirt and shorts, he was overweight.
They went to the living room, Tom had arranged a few beers in an ice bucket. Don opened one and sat on the sofa like a king facing the TV. His erect dick was pointing towards the ceiling. Tom sat on the adjacent single seater sofa. He picked a beer.
"Cheers Tom," said Don while flipping the channel on remote.
"Cheers Don," Tom reacted.
"Nowadays there is nothing good on television man," said Don and started browsing again through the channel. Suddenly he landed on a channel where sports illustrated bikini models were on the beach. There was a photoshoot ongoing on TV.
"Now that's something to watch," said Don while sipping the beer.
"God these girls are hot," said Tom in a trembling voice, he was sweating.
"We have better hotties in shower man," said Don while looking at the girl in a bikini on TV.
"Awwwwweee," said Monica.
"We are not as hot as those models," Lauren added.
When Tom and Don turned towards them, they were standing buck naked. Tom was glancing at Lauren's bald pussy. He felt his short dick rising. Don wolf whistled.
"Learn from him Tom, he thinks we are hot" said Monica.
"You both are very hot ladies," said Tom, his voice was shaky.
"I will get something to munch on," said Monica and walked to the kitchen.
Don looked at her big ass while walking towards the kitchen and turned towards Tom and said, "sexy ass man, you are lucky, there is already blood flowing into my cock."
Lauren jumped onto the sofa, she had her legs towards Tom and she layed on the sofa on her tummy, she took Don's dick in her mouth without any shame. She started blowing him. Don kept his left hand on the redhead's butt and started squeezing it. Tom was aroused seeing the red heads pussy between her legs, he had his eyeballs fixed in that direction. Don was looking carefully into the models bikini on TV. Monica came in with some fish and chips. Don waived his right hand to her, patted on the right side to where he was sitting. Monica understood the signal and went past her husband around the table, in front of TV and sat close to Don.
"Heaven on earth," said Don while wrapping his right hand boob from the right side and cupping her boob. Don started french kissing Monica in front of her husband. All this while Lauren was worshipping Don's big cock. Don broke the kiss and started sucking on Monica's boobs.
"You are one lucky man, Tom," mumbled Don between his sucking action.
"Thank you, Mr. Don," said Tom with his hands inside his shorts.
Don looked at him and patted on Lauren's bum and said, "go sit on his lap baby."
Lauren got up and sat on Tom's lap, she felt a small hump on her ass but it was no where close to the feeling she gets, when she sits on Don. She felt Tom's shaking hand near her thighs. She lifted both his hands and placed them on her boobs.
"Here, keep them on my boobies, go ahead you can squeeze them, these are not as big as your wifes," said Lauren while laughing.
Monica had moved on top of Don, her boobs towards his face, her wet pussy aligned to his dick. She dropped slowly to the 10 inch dick.
"Do you know what Lauren calls Don's dick?" Monica asked her husband who was nervously pressing the redhead's boobs.
"No honey," replied Tom.
"Python," shouted Lauren. Monica started laughing which made her boobs jiggle. Don was sipping his 2nd beer and Monica started humping him faster.
"I need a cock too," Lauren jumped from Tom's lap, kneeled on his feet and pulled his shorts in a single pull. She was shocked when the cock came in light.
"Awwww thats soooooo smmmmaa, i mean cute," covered up Lauren not to hurt his emotions.
"Hahaha, a dick is not supposed to be cute girl, it should be thick and big like the one in my pussy," attacked Monica.
"I will sit on you Tom, let's see you can enter my pussy," said Lauren and sat on Tom, her back facing him. His 2inch dick was about an inch away from her pussy vertically.
"Awwww, if you were about an inch longer, i would have let you fuck me Mr. Tom," Lauren said mockingly.
"Bad luck brother, you don't get such a fine pussy every day," said Don while sipping the beer.
"You don't get such pussy everyday unless you are Don Snow," said Monica while moving up down his shaft. Everyone laughed at Tom. Even Tom smiled timidly.
"Dont worry brother, i will cover up for you, i will fuck both of these pussies for you tonight," flexed Don.
Tom smiled awkwardly and got up to pick one more beer from the bucket. While picking the beer he noticed how his wifes pussy was sliding up and down Don's dick. It was a huge cock and it was disappearing and reappearing in a rhythm. His wife had forgotten everything and was moaning in pleasure.
"I will give you a tight hug, so that you don't feel left alone," said Lauren and moved closer to Tom. She hugged him, his beer belly was huge. Laurens pussy never made contact with Tom's skin, the stomach came in between. Her boobs were pressing on his chest. She patted on his butt and smiled.
Tom went and sat back on his place. Lauren patted on Monica and said, "it's my turn to ride."
"Sorry honey, i forgot we only have one dick here, i will go set the bedroom, let's continue there," said Monica and got up from the sofa. She walked past her husband, moved her hands on Tom's hair once going to the bedroom. In no time Lauren had taken Monica's place on Don's dick and started bouncing up and down with his dick in her pussy. Don started sucking on her tit. Tom was just watching them fuck.
"Hey Tom, can you get me a beer brother, we finished all from the bucket," said Don while pumping the young redhead's pussy.
"Sure, will get," said Tom while getting up. He came back in a minute with a beer in his hand.
"Do you mind opening it," asked Don while pressing his hands on Lauren's bouncing tits.
"Here you go," Tom handed over the beer.
"Thank you Tom," said Don and collected the beer and poured some from the bottle onto the redhead's tits. She shivered as the cold beer made contact with her skin. Don started licking and sucking her tips. He was trying to drink from her nipples but it was a failed experiment. The beer was falling on to the redhead's tummy and then flowing down to her pussy, then through Don's shaft it was reaching the sofa. It was making the sponge and the cloth over the sofa wet.
Tom sat on his place again and was thinking, Don is five years older to him but he has a 25 year old naked redhead bouncing on his dick and his own blonde wife was setting the bed to get fucked by him, later tonight.
"Like what you see," Don asked Tom.
"She is beautiful Don, you are lucky," said Tom.
"Guys lets move to the bedroom, night is still young, Tom, baby do you mind sleeping in the guest bedroom," said Monica when she came back to the living room. Don got up with Lauren still mounted on his dick. Lauren held Don's shoulder tightly and started bouncing on his cock.
Monica came close to Tom and kissed him on the cheek and said, "good night honey."
Don moved closer to Tom with Lauren hanging to his torso. "Kiss him good night, baby girl," said Don. Lauren leaned towards Tom and kissed on his cheeks.
Monica saw the wet spot on the sofa and said, "Tom before you go to the bed wipe that stain on the sofa also, I don't want any marks on it in the morning, I hate it, please honey."
"Will do Mon, good night you guys," said Tom in a disappointed tone.
When Don reached the bed, he threw Lauren on the bed, Monica was standing on the side, he slapped her ass hard.
"owwwww, that hurts," Monica punched on Don's shoulder.
He pushed her to the bed. He asked both the girls to keep pillows below their butts. He aligned his cock to Monica's love tunnel and started pumping her, after 10 thrusts, he switched to Lauren's pussy, he was continuing the 10 thrusts and switch game when he heard a tap on the door. Don looked back with his cock inside Monica.
"Oh common man, I lost count, I was trying not to be partial with the girls," said Don in a disappointed fashion. Both the naked ladies laughed.
"Oh, Sorry, I was just wondering if you needed a few condoms," said Tom in a timid voice.
"I never wear that damn thing brother, it kills all the fun, if you know," said Don.
"Thanks for asking Honey," said Monica from bed.
"Ok I will leave you guys alone," said Tom and walked off to the guest bedroom. Don took out his phone and started recording him pumping the girls, 10 thrust each. He wanted to send it to Harry.
Don fucked them till midnight. He tried all positions possible, there was a time when Monica and Lauren were screaming their lungs out in pleasure. Don exploded in Monica's pussy around 1am. He fell flat on his back on bed with both the girls by his sides. In a few minutes they were sound asleep. Tom was still awake listening to the blonde and redhead moaning in his head. The sounds were echoing in his ears. He came to check once in the master bedroom and saw Don in center and his wife to his left and Lauren to his right.
Don felt someone was sucking on his dick or he was dreaming, he opened his eyes and saw Monica's head moving up and down his shaft. He moved his legs, Monica realized he was awake and said," Its morning sir!"
Both of the started laughing which made Lauren get up. She looked at Monica's mouth near Don's dick and asked, "What's so funny in the morning?"
"It's our inside joke babe," said Don.
"What is it?" Lauren enquired pressing her boobs on his shoulders.
"It goes like this, a secretary says," Don looked at Monica.
"Good Morning sir," said Monica.
"and a personal secretary says," asked Don and looked at Monica again.
"It's morning sir," said Monica with a smile and all of them started laughing out loud. Tom was on the door with coffee mugs on hand.