Do you ever find it awkward hanging out with your best friends and watching them make out?
Stacey and David have been my bestest best friends for as long as I can remember, we grew up together.
Now Stacey and David have been "together together" for three years.
Yeah, it's serious.
So I find myself hanging out with a couple and David's best man Jason all the time. Jason and I do not get along. I mean I've known the guy for forever and couldn't be more disgusted by him. Last week I watched him pick his nose and flick his snot at the people sitting in front of us at the cinemas. He spent the entire ninth grade pointing out all my flaws to the world; like no I didn't know I had a bulging pimple on my forehead, how kind of you to point that out.
So anyway it's been tough. Always thrown into a room with him while we watch our friends hooking up, I mean we don't mean to but one minute their telling a story and then David says something cutesy and bam make out session.
So it's not like we're staring them down, more like avoiding eye contact. It heated things up and made my insides tingle sometimes and once when I looked at Jason while they were kissing I felt a spark.
Needless to say I now stare down and think about something else.
Last night we got together for our weekly catch up and had a few too many drinks. David and Stacey have talked about their sex lives to us many times before (we don't really have secret shames from each other anymore) but it was different. They were telling us this new kind of fantasy they have.
They've watched porn together multiple times but suddenly it was like they were looking to us for help with something.
Stacey has confided in me that her and David wanted to have a threesome or watch each other with other partners or something along those lines but she was always too jealous to let it actually happen.
Now they had found the solution.
They would watch another couple while they were intimate together.
It was the hottest sex of their lives.
But after so many times of watching randoms on a screen they were looking for that little bit extra.
David wanted to have a foursome; two couples, so they could watch, hear, smell and enjoy the whole experience. Stacey was a little apprehensive about bringing just any couple into their bedroom, she wanted someone they could trust.
So we were sorting through our friends and thinking of the couples they could get to join one another. This mix of alcohol and conversation was bringing up some silly options and not really solving the problem.
Jason went so far as to suggest David's parents... which while gross had us all laughing to tears.
As they described more and more what they wanted in detail and outlined the features they were hoping to find in another couple I found myself getting a little excited. I felt my core tighten as they explained what it was like to see and feel it happening all at once.
Their descriptions lead them to lean into one another and I could feel that familiar heat fill the air.
David touched Stacey's shoulder and moved his hand to her throat as he drew her towards him. They kissed passionately and the wetness between my legs caused me to look away.
I turned and saw two gorgeous green eyes focussed solely on me; intently watching my reaction.
My gaze was drawn to his lips as he wet them with his tongue.
I forced my eyes away only to find myself watching David pulling Stacey onto his lap, her hands feeling his body as his hand on her lower back pulled her closer still.
I felt a hand on my lower back and whipped back to see Jason had settled right next to me, his fingers caressed my back through my singlet and his eyes begged mine not to look away again.
I felt his breath on my cheeks and my eyes diverted downwards to his gloriously foul mouth. He took my invitation and kissed me. It was heart stopping; I felt my whole being melt and give way to him as his mouth settled on mine and they danced together. I opened to his probing tongue and let him inside, it was warm and wonderful.
He tasted like all my favourite things and I let go of everything that had ever got me down. I gave way to him and he took whatever he could. It was magical and left me panting; I never knew a kiss could be so good.
As he broke off he continued to kiss and suckle my neck and I tilted my head to give him all the access he needed, I was in heaven. I heard a moan that wasn't me and my eyes opened to see Stacey straddled and rubbing against David's lap; they watched us.
David pulled Stacey's shirt up and fondled her naked breast as I watched. Feeling Jason grope my own boobs, I let out a cry of ecstasy.