Our small-town gym was fortunate enough to have a heated, indoor pool. For whatever reason, the owner chose to open at 5:30 in the morning, even though people rarely showed up before 6:00, or even later...depending on the day of the week. In the summer time, when the sun came up earlier, folks did come earlier, but as winter days crept in, the dark mornings discouraged many early risers.
Since I liked swimming without lap lane competition, I always was the first guy in the parking lot, waiting for the gym attendant to unlock the front doors. It didn't take me long to recognize the routines that the different attendants did in the morning. One didn't bother testing the pool water at all, and one tested it after they opened up. I knew the Monday/Wednesday/Friday crowd from the Tuesday/Thursday/Saturday crowd. I mostly swan by myself for at least 30 to 45 minutes before another person came into the gym or even another swimmer showed up.
Let me tell you about me. I'm 6'4", 210 pounds, with a hint of a six pack. I'm told I'm fairly good looking. I have a cut, 7-inch cock, and I think that my butt and legs are my best features. I shave my pubic hair because I like the look and feel, and because of the small swimsuits I choose to wear. The few times someone has asked me why I like Speedos, I tell them, 'because the gym won't let me swim naked.'
I hate wearing clothes. I rarely wear clothes at home. I suppose I have an exhibitionist streak in me. I don't like tan lines, so I go to tanning beds in the winter and I tan naked and do as much as I can outside naked in my secluded back yard. I never swam competitively, but I started swimming for the exercise several years ago to go along with my weight lifting. It didn't take me very many weeks of swimming to tone up and slim down for my exhibitionist tendencies to kick into gear.
My selection of swimsuits got briefer and briefer as I got more of a hard body. My preference is a brand of brief with 1-inch sides that covers no more than 1 to 2-inches above my penis, and barely covers the crack of my ass. I cut the liners out so that the outline of my cock is obvious and any hard-on is difficult to keep in my suit!
The pool area of the gym has five doors. One each for the men and women locker rooms, a glass one to the main gym, one door for the filter room, and an emergency exit to the outside. Since I was typically in the water when others arrived, no one really cared how small the suit was, until it dawned on me...heck! I could swim naked and nobody would notice!
The doors from the locker rooms each had an interior door that squeaked, so I had some warning when someone was coming into the pool area. As far as folks looking in the glass door to the pool, it was often fogged up from the moisture in the pool area. Plus, as long as I turned the lights in the pool off, the choppy water and the reflection from the overhead lights on the surface of the pool made it really hard to see what anybody was wearing while they swam, unless their bare ass was above the water line. Plus, with no tan lines, I kept the contrast in skin tone from being an obvious white flag. From the moment of that realization, I started to plan how I could swim naked in the mornings.
Marcy was the female attendant. She would check the pool chemicals after she opened the gym in the morning, so I was typically just coming out of the locker room while she was still testing the pool. She seemed to enjoy my brief suits, so I made a point of stopping to talk to her in the shallow end. She made no effort to hide that she was checking me out while we talked. But once she was done, she typically didn't reenter the pool area while I swam.
While Marcy checked the chemicals, I would begin my lap swim. Once she left, I often took off my suit, leaving it on the edge of the pool or floating just under the surface, and I would swim a few laps naked, but that almost got me caught. I had begun swimming my regular laps until I thought Marcy had left, then I slipped my suit off in the deep end, leaving it on the lip of the pool gutter, to begin a few laps naked. What I didn't realize was she had gone into the filter room to adjust something. Luckily, I was at the deep end on my second naked lap that morning when she surprised me by coming out of the filter room. Thankfully, she was concentrating on locking the filter room door before she turned to focus on me.
Holding onto the side of the pool, staying as close to the wall as I could, she and I chatted a few minutes. I pretended to tread water with one arm, so that the water was not still enough for her to see very well below the surface.
The excitement of getting caught was a huge turn on! I had managed to snag my suit before she noticed, or at least I hoped I had. By the time she continued on her way and left the pool area, I had a raging hard on that I had to take care of... I felt sorry for whoever swam after me in that lane, because I left them a huge cum shot floating in the water. (Don't hate...you know you would have jacked off, too!) I changed lanes, reluctantly put on my suit and finished my laps that day...but I relived that moment in the showers that morning for another huge release! But, that made me settle on trying my plan only when Jack opened up the gym.
Jack was the guy attendant. Once he opened the doors, he went straight to his cell phone and never walked around the gym, much less checked on the pool. I could see the front desk from the locker room door to the gym, but not from the glass door to the pool, so there was a risk of being caught if he did walk around, but it seemed like an acceptable risk.
I took a week to scope out my plan for every morning that Jack opened the gym. Once I put everything in my locker, I would walk naked back to the locker room entrance door, with my speedo and my towel on the bench in front of my locker, and I would watch Jack tapping away on his phone. I got such a rush thinking about what I was planning, I would stroke my cock to a decent orgasm, taking care to shoot my load, the best I could, into the waste basket by the door.
Satisfied he wasn't going anywhere, I would go back thru the locker room, grab my stuff, and walk the six feet from the locker room door to the pool, naked as a jay bird, tossing my towel in a chair, and dive in while holding my speedo. I would swim the breast stroke or back stroke with my suit around my neck where I could see the glass pool door, just to make sure I was in the clear. The first morning, I only did a few laps. The next morning, I swam naked 5 minutes. Then, finally I did almost 10 minutes, until I was brave enough to execute my plan. At worst, I figured that even if Jack caught me skinny dipping, chances were good he would just laugh or possibly not say anything. I didn't even think that Marcy would have said much, but I wasn't willing to risk it on her days opening the gym.
The night before my extended nude swim, I took extra time in the shower, stroking to more than one satisfying orgasms. I also shaved neck to toe. I wanted to feel the water slide down my body like you can only feel swimming naked. I had been skinny dipping in lakes with guys and girls. (alcohol was typically involved) ... but I never swam in a lap pool, except for those few guarded laps I would sneak in.
The next day, I planned on swimming full out, without hesitation or worry. If you haven't ever swam naked and felt the water glide past newly shaved skin...especially skin between your legs and over your ass...you are missing out. It makes you never want to swim with a suit on again!
The next morning, I nervously arrived at the gym parking lot early. Once I saw the lights in the gym turn on, I started toward the door. Like clockwork, Jack opened the doors at 5:30, spoke briefly to me, and went straight to the front desk and pulled out his phone. Going to my regular locker, I quickly stripped naked, threw everything but my suit, towel, and goggles in the locker and off I went. Exiting the locker room door to the pool, I put my towel on a hook by the door and walked the 25 yards to the deep end and hid my swimsuit under a kickboard, before I circled back to the shallow end of the pool.
I went out the glass door into the main gym to check on Jack. Leaving the relative safety of the pool area, naked as the day I was born, the gym was noticeably cooler than the heated pool area. I had to pass by the basketball court entrance, so I could peek around the corner to make sure he was still where I hoped he was. What a rush! The coolness of the floor on my feet and the cold concrete block on my skin as I peered around the corner. I got goose bumps. My cock was stiffening noticeably. If Jack had been walking around, I would have had no cover, but he was intently surfing his phone, oblivious to the naked swimmer checking him out.
More confident now that my plan would work, I stopped for a drink at the water fountain, absent-mindedly stroking my cock. I went back thru the glass door, pulled on my goggles, and dove naked into the warm pool. The feeling of swimming naked is exhilarating! The water slides past your body and past your genitals in ways it can't when covered by a suit. And when you freshly shave your body, every nerve ending on your skin is in overdrive! Swimming lap after lap, my adrenaline was pumping such that my lap times were the best I had ever swam!
I didn't want the feeling to end...unfortunately, I pushed my luck too far...because I got caught! Just as I was on the return lap 30 minutes into my swim, I noticed a Marcy, standing at the shallow end of the pool, snapping pictures with her phone of my bare ass gliding thru the water. As I pulled up to the end of the pool, I looked up at her and tried to hug the wall of the pool to hide my nakedness. "Hey, how's it going," I offered innocently? "You aren't supposed to be here this morning!"
She was grinning mischievously and said, "I know. Jack asked me to come in and check the pool chemicals...but I found much more in the pool than I expected. Now stand up. I want to get a better look at you."
"You know I'm not wearing a suit," I sheepishly admitted.
"I know," she said. "I just want make sure you know that I got you! You can either stand up and let me take pictures, or I can just go ahead and kick you out of the gym right now. That seems to be your two choices."
"If I let you take pictures, what happens next," I asked?
"Well, as far as we're concerned, you can swim naked every morning. I texted Jack to look in on you after I saw you swimming just now, so he knows, too. I'm pretty sure he took a couple of pictures, as well. So, what's it going to be?"
"OK," I said, dejectedly. As I stood up, revealing all of me to her, I realized my cock was quickly going to full staff. My mixed feelings of being caught, being naked where I wasn't supposed to be, being forced to show my body to Marcy...put my sexual response on overdrive.
As I moved my hands to cover my stiffening manhood, she barked, "take your hands away from that beautiful cock of yours. I want to get a good look at what you've been covering up with that tiny swimsuit!"
As she took several more shots, I asked, "I'd love to keep swimming naked, but what are you going to do with the pictures?"
"Well," she replied, "just so you know, my coming in to check the pool this morning was only good luck on my part. Ever since you've been swimming in those micro suits and making a point to stop and talk to me, I had a good idea that you were an exhibitionist and you wanted people to imagine what that dick of yours looks like. Is that hard-on for me or is it because of the situation?"
"Both," I admitted.
"Either way, I'm impressed. You have a delicious looking cock. I am also pleasantly surprised by your all over tan and no pubic hair. Can you turn around slowly, so I can get a better appreciation for that all-over tan on that sweet, firm ass of yours?"
As I complied with her request, she continued, "That morning I surprised you coming out of the filter room was no accident. I suspected you were stripping down after I would leave. I just wanted confirmation. I didn't appreciate that cum shot you left in my pool, though. I watched that, too. As far as what I'm going to do with these pictures is partially going to depend on you."
"What do you mean," I stammered?
"First things first. How many laps do you have left?"
"Actually, I was going to be finished with my nude swim just as you walked up. I was going to do the remaining 30 minutes with my suit on."
"Where is your suit," she questioned?
"Under that kickboard at the far end," I replied. "Why?"
"I see no need for you covering up now," she said dryly. "Go ahead and finish your next 30 minutes dressed like you are. I'll get your suit. We can talk further after that."
By the firm look she gave me, I saw no chance to change her mind, so off I went. Swimming naked still and being watched drove me even faster. My endorphin rush was full on! I hoped no one else came in to swim in the meantime, or I was really going to have some explaining to do. I knew the next swimmer was typically a woman named Jennie. She was extremely good looking and very fit. I wasn't sure how she would react to a naked man swimming laps beside her.
Marcy went to the far end of the pool and snagged my suit from under the kickboard. She didn't need to have bothered. While my mind was in overdrive trying to figure out what was coming next, I wasn't really wanting to end this situation.
"I want you to swim the next few laps backstroke," she commanded. "I want to get a better look at that raging hard on you seem to be sporting!"
I couldn't believe what she had just told me to do, but being to good exhibitionist...and evidently more submissive than I knew, I happily flipped on my back for the return lap and several laps afterwards. I have to tell you, when you are at max exertion, blood flow to a guy's cock is not top priority, so despite the enjoyable situation I was in, my cock softened significantly, much to Marcy's...and to my...disappointment. She soon had me resume my laps doing freestyle.
20 minutes into my extended nude swimming session, I heard the tell-tale squeak of the women's locker room door. Marcy heard it too, because I immediately heard her say, "keep swimming, stud!"
As I did my touch turn at the shallow end, I heard Jennie ask Marcy, "why is he swimming naked?!"
What little I heard after that started with Marcy saying, "because I have his suit..." I didn't hear much after that until my return lap got me back to the shallow end.
"You're done," Marcy barked to me. "Jennie wants to talk to you."
As I stopped swimming, I stayed with my waist below the water line and as close to the end of the pool as I could to hide my returning erection. Jennie began, "Marcy explained to me that she caught you skinny dipping this morning. Is that right?"
I swallowed hard and said, "yes. It was all in fun. I planned on being clothed before you got here. I'm so sorry." I sure didn't need her to think I was some pervert.
"Don't be sorry," Jennie responded." 'Fun' is an odd choice of words, though. Fun for you, obviously, but why can't it be fun for Marcy and me, too?"
'Oh crap,' I thought. This could be really good or really embarrassing really fast. "How do you mean?"
"Well," Jennie continued. "Marcy tells me you look pretty good naked. Oh, but before I go on, I haven't seen your goods, yet. Why don't you stand up?"
My mind was racing...the exhibitionist in me had my hormones surging, which, of course, had my cock at full staff. How is this going to go, I wondered? Obviously, Jennie was quickly getting into this.
As I hesitated, Marcy offered, "Either stand up and show my friend Jennie here your best attribute, or I can just turn in the pictures as evidence, kick you out of the gym, and be done with it."
Sooo...I stood up... now showing the second woman this morning my cock and all the rest of me!
"Oh, my," Jennie blurted out. "His cock is even nicer than I imagined, Marcy! From the first time I came in these mornings and watched him swim in those skimpy suits, I wanted to have that cock. I just never dreamed I would ever see it. Thank you, Marcy, for this opportunity!"
"Climb out, big boy," Jennie cooed ...her eyes glued to my crotch. "I want an up close and personal view!"
Not wanting to turn away from them and use the steps, I steadied myself on the side of the pool and stepped up and out, giving both women a full view of my swaying, engorged package. Not 3 feet from both women, I stood up straight and placed my hands on my hips...assuming Jennie wouldn't allow me to cover up, either.
Since I was always in the water when Jennie arrived, and she was in the water when I left, I hadn't had time to get a good look at her. Obviously, she had showered before she entered the pool area this morning. Her light blue racing suit was clinging to her skin and was very revealing...I wished now I had paid more attention to her in the past. Tall and slender, probably 5'-8", maybe 120 pounds. Firm C cup breasts...a swimmer's body. Blue eyes, with short cropped blond hair. Her clingy suit showed her rock-hard nipples and to my pleasant surprise, revealed a prominent camel toe of her labia lips thru her apparently, unlined suit. The smoothness of her suit around her pubic mound suggested she also liked a hair-free pussy ...maybe as much as I did!
As I stood still for their inspection, I glanced over at Marcy. She was shorter than Jennie, but since she worked at a gym, she had a better body than I had noticed, although every time she and I talked, I was looking up at her from the pool. She must not have been expecting to be called in to look at the pool. She was actually in workout gear, herself. A tight t-shirt and running shorts revealed a lot more than her gym uniform of polo shirt and long pants. Maybe 5'-6", 110 pounds, brown eyes with long brown hair pulled back in a ponytail. She had toned, tanned legs and firm breasts. Like Jennie, Marcy's nipples were firm and ghosting thru her shirt.
"Turn around, slowly, please," Jennie requested...her breathing short and somewhat uneven. "I'd like to get a look at that nice, tanned ass, while we tell you what we've decided."
As I turned slowly, I noticed the time...6:30! Other people were sure to be in the gym by now. I also began to worry the next swimmer coming in. I was not so sure he would understand or care why I was standing here naked, talking to Jennie and Marcy.
"What YOU have decided," I questioned? "Do I have any say in the matter?"
"You can decide not to do what we say, so you sort of have a choice," Marcy offered. "Do you at least want to hear our offer before you decide whether to leave the gym, or not?"
I nodded 'yes'.
"OK, here it is. It is obvious to anyone that you are an exhibitionist. Also, since you so willingly are standing here naked, with your cock hard as iron, you are also getting off on the clothed female, nude male fetish. What we propose is simple. Continue swimming naked in the mornings. You already know folks don't get here until at least 30 minutes later than you do. You will let Jennie, me, and maybe a friend, or two, come early enough to watch, or swim with you, if they want. They can touch you and direct you to do things, but you will not touch, or expect anything from the women, unless they allow it. You will give your suit to one of us as you enter the pool area, so you won't be able to cover up, unless we say you can. How does that sound?"
"I'm not saying 'no', but I typically swim an hour," I countered. "What about folks that come in the gym that can look thru the glass doors into the pool...or the guy that usually comes in just about now?"
"You seemed confident enough today that no one looking thru the door would be able to see you swimming naked. Why would you think any different now," Marcy inquired? "Isn't that part of the excitement from the risk of being discovered? ... like your obvious excitement from being discovered now?"
Then, unexpectedly, Marcy reached down and grabbed my erection. "You've been showing me your erection outlined thru your suit, and now it's mine! I'm betting that you're harder now than you've ever been. The thrill of this is intoxicating for you. Your rock-hard dick is pulsing in my hand. You want to have a reason to be nude in public! You want someone to make you take this risk! Jennie and I have just volunteered to help you."
Silently, I agreed with her, but I wasn't going to admit that to her. "I was going to be done by now, or at least be able to see thru the glass door and time my naked exit to the locker room 10 minutes ago," I countered. "If I get caught, will you keep me from getting arrested for indecent exposure?"
"I'll put it to you this way," Jennie chimed in. "I can't speak for any of the gym guys, but Marcy and I know all the women who come here before 7:00 and I can assure you none of them are going to turn in a naked guy who looks like you! Especially if you stay in the pool area. One or two of them might even want to play with you. Do you know the guy who comes in here about now?"
The next guy was John. He was tall and younger than me. I occasionally ran into him in the shower or the locker room as I was leaving and he was coming in. He also swam in a Speedo...hmmm...Nice cock, minimum tan lines. Come to think of it, he never covered up or wrapped a towel around himself when we talked or passed each other in the locker room, so he may be cooler with this than I thought.
Almost on cue, the interior locker room door to the guy's locker room squeaked and out walked John, in a small, green Speedo. "What the fuck?!" was all John could get out before Jennie took over.
"Hey good looking! Are you here for the nude morning swim? You just missed the time. 5:30 to 6;30 if you want to join your guy here."
"What? I hadn't heard about it...sure. Are you girls swimming too," John asked, hopefully?
"No," Marcy cut in. "Just the guys. We just enjoy talking to naked guys who don't mind us being in here. Our swim time is different than the guys. BUT, if you wanted to start now, I'm sure we wouldn't mind if you wanted to shuck off that suit and got in a few laps before 7:00."
"You don't have to ask me twice," John almost shouted, as he peeled off of his suit, dropped it to the deck, adjusted his goggles, and dove in!
As John swam away, bare assed, and happy, Marcy picked up his suit, twirling it on her finger, winked at Jennie, and said, "Shit! This just got better, didn't it?"