Finding Her Prince
Chapter 1 -- New Roommate
Roger met Nikki on a Friday, at the end of another long work week. He had decided to stop by a local bar for a cold beer. The bar used the old fashion mugs. They had a system where they dipped the mug in water then placed it over this device that instantly created a layer of ice both inside and outside the mug.
He counted a couple dozen people in the bar laughing and drinking. It was still early and Roger knew it wouldn't be much longer before the crowd would begin to arrive. Roger saw himself as a loner. As such he was a man who didn't really enjoy being around large crowds. His plan when he entered the bar was to have a couple beers then be gone before the Friday evening crowd began showing up.
Earlier that week Roger's landlord caught him by surprise when he informed Roger of a rent increase. Roger had been struggling to pay the rent as it was. He loved the house he was living in, but wasn't sure he'd be able to continue to live there. It was a farm house that sat back off the road a full quarter mile. With no neighbors around he enjoyed the seclusion of the Colorado Mountains along with the peace and quiet.
Roger considered himself to be an advanced amateur photographer. He had dreams of one day being able to make a living in professional photography. The mountains provided him with some of the most beautiful scenic, but what he enjoyed most was portrait photography. He especially enjoyed doing nudes set against the backdrop of the mountains.
There had been a couple girls he had dated he had managed to talk into posing nude for him. The secluded location of the house made it nice not having to be concerned about clothing. He had been successful talking both girls into spending a lot of time running around naked allowing him to not only photograph them, but to also enjoy the view. He had managed to fuck both of these girls multiple times. His favorite spot was on a blanket spread out under a large shade tree not far from the house.
The idea of losing the farm house due to not being able to pay the rent was very troublesome. Roger knew the farm house was too good to lose. He decided he needed to find a roommate willing to share expenses; otherwise there was little doubt he would be forced to move.
The summer had been the start of what had all the signs of being very hot. The temperature outside could be described as being somewhere between hot and brutal. He couldn't understand how an area that got so cold in the winter could become so unbearably hot in the summer.
Sitting at the bar, he was enjoying the air conditioning along with his first cold frosted mug of beer. As he sat there he was doing what he always did in a bar... checking out the women. Roger knew he was well above average in looks, which helped in his ability to talk women out of their panties and into his bed. Despite his ease of getting women into his bed, it had been almost three weeks since his cock had been submerged in the depths of a warm wet pussy. Sitting there he had already identified two or possibly even three women he was considering might break his unusually long bout of celibacy.
As he was watching these women, trying to decide which one to approach first, his attention was diverted by a man and woman entering the bar. It appeared they had been arguing, but that wasn't what caught his attention. What caused him to take notice of them was the man's gorgeous companion. First off, she didn't appear to be old enough to even be in the bar, but there was no question she was by far the hottest female he had laid his eyes on in a very long time. She was dressed for the heat wearing only a small tube top, a short tennis skirt and sandals. Her long blond hair was pulled back into a pony tail that almost reached her waist. The piercing in her cute belly button drew his attention to her perfectly flat stomach.
Roger guessed the girl was no more than five feet tall. As petite as she was she didn't appear to weigh a pound over 95. The tube top left little to his imagination regarding what it contained. While not being overly large, her breasts stretched the thin fabric of the top quite nicely. Like most girls her age, they appeared to be very firm. They were also the perfect size for her body. He figured it was the cold air from the air conditioning that was causing her nipples to become hard and create little points in the fabric. Sitting there looking at her Roger could already feel his cock begin to harden.
The man she came in with stepped up next to where Roger was seated and ordered one bottle of beer. Roger wondered why he hadn't ordered one for his girl, which further validated Roger's belief they had been fighting. The men exchanged friendly glances, nodding at each other with neither saying anything at first. As he waited for the beer the man looked at Roger again and said, "Fucking women! It doesn't matter how good they look or even how good they are in bed, they're all a fucking pain in the ass."
Roger grinned and said, "You know what they say. The only reason men tolerate them is because they control 100% of the pussy in the world."
The man laughed and said, "Ain't that the fucking truth! Almost makes a guy consider going gay."
As the man paid the bartender, Roger said, "Good luck with your girl."
The man said, "We are far beyond luck being able to help us. She doesn't know it yet, but the bitch is about to get dumped. Just watch and you'll see."
This comment got Roger's attention. It appeared the finest piece of ass he'd seen in a long time was about to be placed back on the market and become available. He had already forgotten about the other three possibilities as he thought if he played his cards right this little cutie might very well be the answer to ending his current bout with celibacy. With his interest peaked he now watched the couple with renewed interest.
It appeared the girl was listening intently to what the guy was saying. He was reaching across the table holding her hands as he spoke. The longer the man talked the more upset she appeared to become. By the time she jerked her hands back away from him tears had begun to flow down her cheeks. The man said something else before standing and walking out of the bar. The girl didn't even look up to watch him leave.
Roger quickly flagged the bartender and ordered two frosted mugs of beer. With the mugs in hand he made his way over to the table where the girl was seated. As he approached he put on his most charming smile then said, "Nothing can be all that bad. Are you aware it's a criminal offense for a girl as beautiful as you to mess up such a pretty face with tears?"
She had been dabbing her eyes with a tissue but looked up when she heard Roger's voice. Seeing him standing there holding the two mugs of beer she grinned and asked, "You realize that is probably the lamest line I've ever heard. Does it actually work very often?" Before he could answer she said, "You're sweet, but now really isn't a good time," before looking back down.
Roger said, "I actually thought it was a pretty good line and I hate to disagree, but right now is the perfect time to find a new friend. I'm in desperate need of a friend who can drink this extra beer, so can you please help me out? There's no way I can drink both of these then drive home. Besides that, you look thirsty. You are old enough to drink, aren't you?"
She gave him a slight grin then said, "Depends on which I.D. you'd like to see."
Roger grinned then asked, "So can I safely assume at least one of them indicates you are 21?"
Nodding her head she said, "Yea, you could say that."
He then placed the mug of beer in front of her and said, "Then I guess you are old enough so this must belong to you." He sat in the same chair the guy who had brought her in had been seated in, then said, "What I saw just happen looked pretty ugly."
Nodding her head again she said, "Yea, something like that. He had the nerve to tell me I'm too young and immature for him. We've been together for over a year and he waits until now to decide I'm too young."
This had Roger a bit concerned so he asked, "So just how old does that other I.D. say you are?"
He saw her grin and in what he would describe as a conspiratorial whisper, she said, "Eighteen, but I'll be nineteen in less than a month."
Hearing this he relaxed having confirmed while she might not be old enough to drink, by law she was an adult and old enough to help relieve the tension he was still feeling in his groin. She invited him to sit and Roger learned her name was Nikki. Over the next two hours she confided she had been living with the asshole who had just dumped her and that her parents were divorced with both living on the coast near San Diego. In addition to not having the money to return home she said she had no desire to see either of them again in the foreseeable future.
Roger explained how he was currently living alone in a rental house located in a rural setting back up in the mountains. He explained the house was about twenty miles from where they were now seated. When he thought he had established a good rapport with her he offered to let her stay with him giving her a place to stay while she decided on her next move. He said, "I have lots of room and you are welcome to stay as long as you like. Come stay at least until you get back on your feet and know what you want to do next. No strings attached; you will have your own bedroom and we can keep each other company." The idea of delaying his plans of getting between those gorgeous legs troubled him, but she was too good to take the chance of frightening away. He could be patient. Confident of his ability to seduce her, he was sure he could soon have her naked and in his bed.
Nikki said, "I guess I don't have much choice, but I don't even know you."
"You know my name is Roger and that I'm not only a nice guy, but as you can see I'm also very handsome."
She grinned and said, "And so humble. Are you always so full of yourself."
"It's not how I see myself, but is what several people have told me. When it happens, I think it would be rude to disagree with them."
As he expected, his charm and good looks had relaxed some of her natural defenses and she said, "It would probably be only for a few days."
"Days, weeks, or months, you are welcome to stay as long as you like, or until we drive each other crazy."
Nikki grinned then said, "First I need to go fix my face. I must look a mess. I'll be right back."
As she made her way across the bar toward the ladies room, Roger watched her firm ass sway side to side under her very short skirt. He was already imagining how good that tight eighteen year old pussy was going to make his cock feel when he eventually got her panties out of the way. He was confident he would not have to wait long before he would be thrusting his cock into her. He felt with just a little patience he would soon be pounding that sweet ass every single night.
Chapter 2 -- Modeling for Profit
Roger hadn't managed to get a roommate to help with expenses so his financial issues were still very troublesome. Roger had been successful talking his boss into giving him some overtime at the pharmacy where he worked. The overtime along with being able to talk some of the people he owed money to into giving him some time to catch up on his bills had bought him some time. Meanwhile Nikki had settled in and he was enjoying having her around. When it became apparent she was going to stay longer than she had first planned, she had attempted unsuccessfully to find a job. Her biggest obstacle was that she didn't have a car and it was several miles to the nearest business that had any openings.
Roger waited several days before he felt comfortable enough with Nikki that he asked her to join him in his bedroom. That first night with her had been even better than Roger had imagined. She was nothing short of incredible with her desire to please him.
As they were eating breakfast the following morning, Nikki asked him what had taken him so long to ask her. He almost kicked himself when she confessed she had expected him to try and get into her panties after she'd been there only a couple days. When he asked what she would have said if he had tried earlier, she grinned and said, "I'd have done my best to make sure the next morning you would have wanted me to stay longer. I hope you enjoyed last night."
After having been put off for over two months Roger's creditors were starting to become impatient and were becoming more persistent in asking him for the money he owed. It was during this time he'd been on the Internet and had stumbled upon an idea he thought might be the answer to their financial problems, for at least the short term.
Having always been interested in photography he discovered a site that said they would help him sell various types of freelance images. The site advertised they worked with both amateur as well as professional photographers. When he contacted them he learned their site offered for sale just about anything, except pornographic images. They assured him they were interested in semi-nudes and nudes. They said the images of beautiful women were the most popular and sold the best. They told him a handful of the models whose photos had been sold on their site had later been discovered and went on to get professional contracts with modeling agencies. He liked the part where they said photographers who displayed talent had also used their site as a springboard into a professional career.
Roger was excited, but he wasn't sure how Nikki would feel about posing naked. He didn't know Nikki well enough to know how she would react to him suggesting she pose nude. He knew waiting for the right time to tell her about it was essential. By 'right time' he wasn't looking for a romantic moment to suggest she do this, but was thinking more along the lines of when they were discussing how to pay the bills. As it turned out, he didn't have to wait long for such an opportunity.
As he explained what he had found he could see Nikki was a bit hesitant. He then explained the potential earnings the site said they might be able to rake in. When he explained he'd been told there was a possibility of her becoming a professional model she had taken more interest in the proposal and agreed to try it and see how it went. Roger knew the chances of her becoming a professional runway model were remote, but he didn't dwell too much on that bit of information.
Nikki didn't own a lot of sexy lingerie so they were forced to work with what she did have. Roger knew most men could care less about the props, they would want to see skin and he knew Nikki had a gorgeous body.
He started by having her remove all body hair below her waist. She was already trimming her pubic hair for swimsuits, but he was now asking her to be bald below the waist. When she learned this included between her ass cheeks she said that was too difficult to reach and she was afraid of cutting herself. When he offered to help she gave in and agreed.
When she had done what he asked and stood before him he thought she looked even sexier than she had before. He never would have thought this was possible, and told her how good she looked. He immediately grabbed a camera and had her pose for him.
To his surprise she appeared to be a natural. She knew how to hold her body and how to position her legs and arms so it appeared as if the viewer could almost, but not quite, see more than she intended to show. With some of the poses she did for him, she reminded him of some of the old time Pin Up Girl posters he'd seen when he'd been studying photography. Some of his favorite were when she pulled her hair forward over her shoulder partially covering one breast while leaving the other exposed. Her hair came down almost to her mons where it appeared to be tickling the bare flesh where her legs were crossed obstructing the view of her pussy.
Slowly the photos became sexier and revealed more of her. He had her put on some of what she thought were her sexier outfits and would have her do a strip tease. This tactic resulted in clients buying several photos from the session rather than just one or two. He once told her, "Baby, flirt with the camera. Tease the camera and make it want to fuck the shit out of you."
For some reason she always remembered him telling her to flirt with the camera. She had always been somewhat of a flirt and she had fun playing the game with the camera. Many times she ignored Roger and it was just her and the camera. She even pretended the camera was a very handsome man she was trying to seduce and get him to fuck her. Later when they looked at the photos together she would sometimes blush at how she had a look of lust in her eyes as she stared into the lens.
She also enjoyed watching Roger's pants and seeing his cock swell creating a quite large lump. A couple times she talked him into taking the photos of her while he was also naked. Not one of the photos included him, but she told him seeing his hard cock and knowing how much he wanted her, had helped her get into the mood. Later the photos would begin to drift into images that pushed the boundaries. Some of the first to do so included close ups of her pussy that clearly showed moisture seeping from between her lips.
In the beginning he worked hard keeping the photos both tasteful and erotic. He tried to not focus on her tits, pussy, or ass but instead the overall sexy body she had. He shot photos of every part of her body. Some of her favorite were extreme close-ups of her mouth and tongue. When he did this the first time he told her, to make it look like she was just about to take a hard cock into her mouth. The resulting photos were some of the bestselling photos on the entire web site. Roger was soon in the top ten percent of the site's revenue producing photographers.
One photo that was very popular had her wearing a pair of tattered denim shorts barely held together by the strings. The legs of the pants had been cut off and the crotch had just enough fabric to cover the crease where the lips of her labia came together. The zipper was lowered to the point where her clit was almost, but not quite, visible. When Roger showed her the photo he said, "Baby, if we had a dime for every load of cum that will be shot onto this photo we'd be rich."
She seemed surprised hearing there would be men jerking off to her photos, but it didn't seem to bother her. He got the impression she was excited that men would be excited that much by photos of her.
At first most of the photos were taken indoors, but Roger soon had her posing naked outside. The secluded location of the house and the beauty of the mountains made it easy to talk her into getting naked outdoors. This was when she wanted him to be naked while he was shooting the photos of her.
Each session usually started with some semi-nudes, then transitioned to the fully nudes. At first Roger let her decide how she wanted to pose. She had demonstrated she understood what excited men and how to pose her body to excite them. Tempting as they were, he stayed clear of the spread leg pink flesh shots as well as close-ups of her asshole. Those wouldn't come until later, but they would be popular when she eventually consented to posing for them and offering them for sale.
As Nikki became more comfortable with the camera and the photos they reviewed at the end of each session, Roger began suggesting poses that were quite a bit more risqué than those she'd been doing. She could see they were selling and didn't object. This progression continued until he had convinced her to pose while inserting objects into her body. The first items he photographed inserted into her were candles. Later she was inserting vibrators which quickly evolved to realistic looking dildos complete with the glans and veins covering the shaft. There were even a few of Roger's cock covered with her pussy juice and partially inserted into her pussy. His cock and scrotum as much as Roger was willing to allow his body to be in the photos. He didn't want any identifiable part of him in the photos.
Nikki liked the photos of Roger's cock in her, but wasn't a fan of the other photos where objects were penetrating into her body. She continued to pose for them because Roger kept telling her how beautiful she was and how guys all around the world would be seeing the photos. He kept telling her how these same men would see how beautiful and sexy she was. As the photos became more risqué he stopped mentioning how men would be looking at the photos while jerking off imagining they were fucking her, or how some would very likely be shooting their loads of cum onto the photos of her. While these thoughts excited him he didn't think they would have the same effect with Nikki.
The original site he had first sold the photos through eventually sent him a formal notification stating his most recent photos were crossing the line into what they considered to be pornographic rather than erotic. They explained they were interested in the types of photos he had submitted earlier, but if he wanted to continue along the path he was currently pursuing he should market them to other sites that might be interested and more appropriate for that sort of content.
Without first discussing it with Nikki, Roger contacted a few of these sites and found a couple who, especially after they had seen photos of Nikki, were eager to get the sort of photos he was currently shooting. They also suggested he consider making himself available to do custom work for their clients desiring specific personalized images. They explained these customers would often send lingerie they wanted the model to wear for the session. They said some had even more specific requests the site was willing to receive and pass along to Roger.
Roger had been surprised when Nikki didn't seem to be hesitant to do these types of poses. Soon Nikki had an abundance of sexy lingerie. All lingerie the clients sent for her to wear in the photos was hers to keep after the shoot. Roger and Nikki were both surprised when realistic dildos began arriving in the mail. They were sent by clients wanting photos of Nikki with the dildos inserted into her body. She was even more surprised how many wanted a photo of the dildo inserted into her ass. Another frequent request was a series of Nikki fucking herself with the dildo, some of which had the customer's name written in black marker on the toy. They wanted to see their name in the photo with the toy partially inserted in Nikki.
Roger didn't hide the fact he enjoyed the requests for the anal insertions. They found the photos were better and it was easier for Nikki to insert the dildos into her ass after Roger had fucked her ass first to open her up. At first Nikki wasn't a huge fan of having Roger's cock in her ass, but they seemed to be fucking that way more than with him in her pussy. She began to enjoy having things in her ass and found she didn't dread it nearly as much as she had at first. She also began to experience regular orgasms when Roger put his cock in her ass. She had never been able to have an orgasm with any of the dildos in her ass, but Roger's cock always felt good.
Some of the dildos they received were much too large for Nikki to be able to get them into her ass. They eventually found the largest she could take and measured the circumference of it. Once that was done Roger would ask ahead of time for this measurement of the dildo the client wanted to send. If it was larger he'd let the client know she could take it in her pussy, but not her ass.
Roger learned a large number of the dildos they received had been made from custom cast molds of the client's actual erect penis. He asked and learned a cylinder would be filled with a thick plaster like liquid. The customer would cover is erect penis with something to prevent the plaster from sticking to his skin. He would then insert his erect penis into the thick mixture and hold it there for the short amount of time required for the plaster to solidify. The man would then pull his penis out and the mold would be allowed to set up completely. Once properly cured liquid latex would then be poured into the plaster mold and be allowed to set up. Once this was done, for an additional charge the client could return and using special paints that would penetrate into the latex, the artist would transform the latex replica into what would be an exact replica of the man's penis.
When the dildos were sent to Roger he would take photos of the client's realistic cock in Nikki. The result was a photo that when cropped properly could be made to look like the client had been actually fucking Nikki when the photo had been taken. The truth is, with one exception, Nikki never met a client in person. She understood their fantasy and did her best to give them the realistic photo they wanted and were paying very well to have.
The thing that kept Nikki continuing to willingly pose for these photos was the outrageous sum of money clients were willing to pay for these custom fantasy photos.
The images Roger was selling of Nikki were bringing in enough money Nikki had stopped looking for a job and Roger had been able to quit his job at the pharmacy. Their bills were all current and they had even built up a very healthy bank balance as a cushion if the numbers of orders they were receiving should ever fall off for some reason.
Roger kept everything, especially the bank account, in his name. Nikki trusted him and never questioned his reasons for doing so. Whenever she needed money or wanted something he made sure she got it. The photo sessions became so frequent, if they were not expecting visitors or planning on leaving the property, Nikki would dress in one of several sexy short satin robes Roger had purchased for her.
At the end of summer, as fall and then winter moved in it started getting too cold for Nikki to wear the same robes. She then began wearing full length flannel robes. Even when she began wearing these she hardly ever wore anything underneath the robe. Roger liked for her to be naked and ready for him whenever he wanted her. He never wanted her to wear anything that put marks on her skin. Anything tight, such as a bra, was always avoided.
Roger laughed and told her she was the least expensive woman he'd ever met when it came to buying her clothes. Other than her robes and a few sexy clothing props, she had very few other clothes he had purchased. She had lots of sexy lingerie sent to her by customers and even some fans. She didn't need much in the way of regular clothing since they seldom left the property the farm house was built on.
Chapter 3 -- Unexpected
Nikki remembered the day Roger received and opened a package he'd been expecting was the day everything changed. Nikki watched as he opened the package and extracted a sexy quarter cup satin and lace bra with a matching G-String, and garter belt. A pair of thigh high lace top fishnet stockings and stilettos with a five inch heel were also in the package. The package wasn't all that much different from other such packages clients had sent. It wasn't until he handed her the package and said what he did that she got her first clue this was going to be a much different session that any she had done up to this point.
When Roger passed the opened package to her, he said, "You'll need to put this outfit on tomorrow. One of our best clients is coming here for a visit. He wants to see you wearing this."
When she had first seen what was in the package Nikki had expected she would be dressing in the sexy clothing then would begin to strip as Roger shot photos of her doing a striptease for the camera. Never before had any of the clients, who purchased photos of her, met with her or Roger personally. Now she was learning the client would be in their home. The normal practice was for Roger to shoot the photos and then complete any touch-ups he thought were needed. He'd then upload a copy of the digital images to an account in the cloud where he'd give the client access to the files. Sometimes he would burn them to a DVD and mail the disc to the client.
Nikki knew this would be an indoor session since it was the middle of winter and the weather had turned incredibly cold preventing them from doing much outside. There had been a couple clients whose fetish was seeing a nude woman forced to be out in the snow. She didn't particularly like these photo sessions, but the clients paid very well for photos of her freezing in the snow. When she saw the contents of the package Roger had opened she had been imagining posing in front of the fireplace while wearing the sexy clothes. She would lay on the fake bear skin rug Roger owned. She had done these poses before and had liked how they turned out. The roaring fire behind her had come out well in the photos.
Outside the snow was now quite deep and she was a girl who much preferred the warm beaches near her home in San Diego. She loved the scenic mountains of Colorado, but going outside into the snow was something she preferred to avoid, even when fully dressed.
As much as she disliked being naked in the snow she thought even that sounded better than what Roger had just mentioned. To be sure she heard him correctly she asked, "What do you mean? Did you mean he is coming here? We've never had a client come to the house."
"That's exactly what I said. One of our clients, a huge fan of yours, wrote me asking if it would be possible for him to spend some time alone with you."
Holding the package he'd just handed her, Nikki held it out saying, "You just told me he wanted to see me wearing this stuff. Now you're telling me he wants to spend some time alone with me. Please tell me I'm wrong and this doesn't mean what it sounds like."
"You know I think you are gorgeous, but he's certainly not coming this far just to look at you. You're not stupid. You had to know eventually a client would want to spend some intimate time with you."
"By 'intimate time' what you mean is he wants to fuck me. I can't believe you agreed to let him have me. Further, I can't believe you agreed to this without talking to me first. Roger, I may be a lot of things, but I'm not your personal whore you can just pimp out to anyone with a cock and a pocket full of cash."
"That is where you are wrong. You are exactly what I say you are. This man has purchased a shit load of photos of you. He's paid us a lot of money to be able to see images of your sexy body. I personally don't think it's too much for him to want to touch that sexy body he's already paid so much to see in the photos."
"Touch is one thing, but you know as well as I do that he has much more in mind than simply 'touching' me!"
"That may be true, but what is also true is he will be arriving tomorrow and you are going to be the sexy little submissive wench he's seen in all those photos he's purchased."
Nikki was stunned. She had never seen Roger act like this. Sure she had let Roger take photos of her that she hadn't wanted to pose for, but he had always made the photo shoots fun and after every session they almost always had enjoyed some incredible sex. Roger was very good when it came to fucking her and providing her with amazing orgasms. She had known him only a few months, but over that short amount of time she had developed serious feelings for him and felt as though she was falling in love with him and him with her.
He then asked, "Do you remember that very large realistic rubber dildo a client sent us a couple months ago? It was the one you had trouble getting in your pussy because it was so thick. The client who sent that is the man who will be here tomorrow. He paid us very well for the photos of that buried deep in your pussy."
"Okay, so he paid me to put that unrealistically large thing inside me. What does that have to do with him coming here tomorrow intending on fucking me?"
"I learned after I sent him the photos, the reason he sent the dildo was because it was one of those the guys make of their own cocks. He sent it wanting to see if it was possible for you to get it in your pussy. That is when I learned the dildo had been made from a mold of his own cock. When he saw in the photos that you were able to get it in, he told me no woman as petite as you had ever been able to take as much of his cock as you did."
"There is no fucking way I'm letting a man with a cock like that anywhere near my pussy. The dildo was bad enough, and I thought it was fake. You remember how much trouble I had getting that damn thing in me?"
"Yes I remember, but you did it and you can do this. We can talk about it later. Just remember he's offering a shit load of money for this opportunity."
Nikki said, "You can talk all you want, but on this, I'm not changing my mind!"
Chapter 4 -- The Client
Roger understood the plans for the following day and the thought of what he had arranged, made him want Nikki one more time. The problem was she had been so upset he didn't argue with her when she insisted on sleeping in her own bedroom. He was now feeling regret regarding the plans he had arranged. The problem was everything had already been set into motion, and cancelling now was out of the question.
Roger was well aware if the client did show up, as planned, in less than 24 hours he would once again be alone in the house. Nikki was very upset, and she wasn't even aware of the more serious agreement Roger had made with the client. He knew regardless of how he felt now this was one agreement he would never be able to back out of after allowing it to reach this point.
Other than the first few days she had been living with him, Nikki had slept with Roger every night she'd been with him. That night she didn't sleep very well. Thoughts of the client coming to their house simply because he wanted to fuck the girl whose photos he'd likely jerked off to many times, kept her awake most of the night.
Despite how upset she was at Roger, there were a couple times that night she had considered swallowing her pride. She thought about going to his room and crawling into bed with him thinking maybe she could use her feminine charms to convince him to cancel his plans of allowing the client to have his way with her for an hour or two. Each time she considered doing this she changed her mind. Her pride prevented her from giving him the satisfaction.
As the clock ticked off the minutes and morning drew closer she managed to eventually drift off to sleep for a few minutes of much needed sleep. Then she smelled the aroma of two of her favorites, frying bacon and hot coffee.
When she made her way into the kitchen she could see she had startled Roger. He had been at the counter stirring orange juice with a wood spoon. He turned and could see she was dressed differently. Despite the chill inside the house and the frigid temperatures outside Nikki wasn't wearing the warmer long flannel robe she normally wore during the winter, instead she was wearing one of the sexy short satin robes she usually wore only during the summer. Roger was almost certain underneath the robe she would be naked. He smiled to himself sure she was wearing the robe for his benefit. He figured her plan was to attempt to seduce him and try to convince him to call off the client's visit. What she didn't know was it was too late to cancel the visit and there was a lot more to this visit than he had revealed to her. Turning toward her he said, "You look as sexy as ever. Take a seat and I'll have breakfast ready in a couple minutes."
He poured her a cup of coffee, placing it and the small glass of orange juice, he'd been stirring when she had first come into the kitchen, on the table for her. He then put an egg, fried just the way she liked it, on a plate already containing a slice of toast and two strips of bacon. Nikki had expected a fight with Roger, but instead was pleased to see he must have changed his mind and was trying to make amends for their fight the day before.
Despite the fact she was feeling the chill of the lower temperature in the house she had worn one of the sexy robes she knew he liked as sort of a peace offering. Her plan was to eat breakfast then do whatever she could to convince him to call off the activities he had planned for the day.
The coffee was hot and delicious. The orange juice, while it wasn't fresh squeezed, was the kind she liked. Fresh squeezed contained pulp and Roger knew she preferred the orange juice with lots of pulp. To her it made the juice taste more like it was fresh squeezed; so this was almost as good.
What she didn't understand was when she had entered the kitchen Roger had been stirring the glass of juice. This struck her as odd, but she figured he must have been stirring the pulp even though he'd never done that before.
After placing the food on the table he watched as she drank the entire glass of juice. She then took a couple sips of the hot coffee before she began eating the bacon, toast, and egg he had prepared. He sat at the table with her and began eating his own breakfast. He asked her if she had thought about what they had discussed the evening before. She said, "You mean about that freak you told could fuck me?"
"He's not a freak and like I told you, he has given us a lot of money for the photos he has purchased of you. Like I already explained, technically you've already had his cock in you back when you put that replica of his cock in your pussy."
"Maybe so, but what you've apparently agreed to let him do is a lot different. I don't understand why you would agree to let him have me like that. I agreed to the photos even though I didn't want to do them, but this..."
Roger said, "If I remember correctly you ended up having fun posing for those photos. I believe once you accept this is something you need to do, you will enjoy it as well."
"Like I said, this is different and I'm certainly not your whore. I'm not even your wife." Knowing she had started off wrong she softened her attitude and said, "Honey, you know I only want your cock. You know you can have me anytime and anyway you want me. I enjoy making you feel good and I thought maybe today you could fuck me in front of the fireplace. You can even fuck my ass and I know how much you enjoy my ass. Please, I'll do anything you..."
Roger said, "That's perfect. You said you will do anything. We don't need to discuss this any further. What I want is for you to make the client happy. We are not going to discuss it again. You will do it. I probably should have said something to you before I made the deal with him, but what's done is done and neither of us can change that."
Realizing she had not succeeded, with a huff in her voice she said, "That's just perfect!. The man has spoken and the little girl will do as she's been told! This sucks!"
As they continued to eat Roger kept an eye on her, watching her closely. She had almost finished her meal when she put her hand over her mouth and yawned. Shaking her head as if attempting to clear the drowsiness, she said, "I don't get it, I'm suddenly feeling..." Stopping and then looking at Roger her eyes got wide as she realized what he must have been doing with the orange juice. She managed to say, "No Roger! You didn't..." before going limp and beginning to fall out of her chair already fast asleep.
Roger lunged from his chair to grab her and catch her before she fell to the floor injuring herself. Lifting her into his arms he carried her into the third bedroom they never used. It was located at the end of the hallway and was fully furnished. The centerpiece of the room was a large brass bed. Earlier Roger had been in the room and prepared it for the client's use. He knew Nikki hardly ever went into the room and was hopeful she would remain out of it a while longer.
Laying her limp body on the bed he first removed the satin robe she was wearing. He then stood next to the bed a few moments looking at her naked body marveling at how perfect she was. He was remembering the many times he'd enjoyed that gorgeous body. He began dressing her in the clothes the client had sent. It didn't take long for him to realize it was much easier and more fun to remove a woman's clothing than to put it on her. This was especially true after she had been knocked out with a strong sleeping agent. A friend at the pharmacy he'd worked at had given him the powder. The friend didn't ask why Roger wanted the drug but did tell him how to administer it and how he should expect the person to whom he gave the powder to too react.
Roger followed the instructions mixing the powder into a glass of orange juice. He had just finishing stirring the powder into the juice when Nikki had entered the kitchen. She had almost caught him. Seconds earlier and she would have seen him pouring the powder into the glass.
The client had already sent Roger the money for the time he intended to spend with Nikki. Roger was pretty sure this client was the sort of man you don't promise something to, take their money then not deliver. He was now feeling even more remorse regarding the agreement he'd made with the man he knew only as Mr. Smith. To a lesser degree he felt guilty not telling Nikki about the client coming to the house. The part that bothered him the most was the agreement he and the client entered into regarding their plans for after Smith had fucked Nikki.
The initial offer from the client for two hours with Nikki had been too good to pass up. After Roger had accepted the payment for that, then came the client's second offer. It had been an offer Roger now felt he should have thought more about before accepting. Even now and with the remorse he was feeling, the money he was about to have deposited into his account could be the answer to all his financial worries for years and possibly even his lifetime.
His fear had been if he told Nikki about the first part of the deal, she would never have agreed and that would have destroyed all hopes of the big cash he'd been promised. He suspected after he had accepted the client's first offer he very likely didn't have any real choice when it came to the client's second offer. The first offer had been only a test to see if Roger would do what the client wanted.
Getting the thigh high nylons onto Nikki's legs had been the most difficult part of dressing her. He did eventually get them on without damaging them. Next he put the stiletto heels on her feet buckling the strap around each ankle. The bra was like no bra he'd ever seen and he liked it the best. It left most of her breast exposed with only a small quarter cup supporting the breast from below. Laying there on her back it had very little function, but it looked very sexy on her.
The client had specified he wanted Nikki secured spread eagle to the bed upon his arrival. Knowing this, Roger had earlier obtained four nylon straps he'd already secured one end of each to the four corners of the bed. The other end of each strap had a wide cuff he wrapped around a wrist or ankle. When he had these fastened securely he adjusted the tension pulling the straps snug, but not stretching her arms or legs to the point it would be painful. He brushed her hair pulling it forward then down across her body before placing a pillow under her head.
Stepping back he looked at her and was reminded how beautiful she looked. He then thought about how much trouble she'd had getting the replica of the clients cock into her pussy. He knew it was too late to prevent what was about to happen but he thought maybe he could make it easier on her.
He left the room and went to their bedroom. They had kept all the dildos their clients had sent that they had used in the photo shoots. As sort of a joke, Roger had installed one long shelf on one wall. Then Nikki had lined them up in the order in which they had been sent. They looked at them quite often when they were in bed fucking.
Roger easily identified the one this client had sent. He grabbed it along with a full tube of lube before returning to the bedroom where he had Nikki. He began by inserting the nozzle of the tube between Nikki's nether lips. He squeezed the tube depositing a large amount of lube in her vagina. He then rubbed the gel on the outside of her lips. As he began coating the dildo he hoped by doing this he would stretch Nikki a little prior to the client arriving. That way when the client did put his cock in her he thought maybe it might be easier for her to take his large member.
What he didn't realize was subconsciously he was doing this in an attempt to help ease the remorse he was feeling. He knew Nikki had done nothing to deserve what he was about to do. She had been a great partner in their photography endeavor and had been amazing in bed. He was well aware of the fact he was betraying her trust, but he knew he had to push those thoughts from his mind. He kept silently telling himself he could find another girlfriend.
With the dildo covered with lube and ready he pulled the G-String to the side. With one hand he used his fingers to spread her lips then with the other he began pushing and twisting the dildo working it into her. A couple times during this process she groaned and twisted her body against the straps holding her. Each time this happened he'd been afraid she was going to wake up, but the drug continued to keep her knocked out.
Once he had eight inches of it in her he released it to see if her body would push it back out. As it turned out the dildo was so tightly wedged her body maintained a grip on it tight enough the dildo could not slide back out. With it securely in place Roger stood there looking at her thinking how inviting she looked. He wanted to strip and jump on top of her right then, but that would screw up everything. Instead he checked the video camera he'd already set up on the tripod. The video was another thing the client had requested.
After checking the battery he adjusted the tilt of the camera to center Nikki in the frame and focus the lens on her. Satisfied everything was ready he got a last minute idea and ran to get his camera. She looked too inviting and sexy to not get some last photos of her. He could not pass up one last photo session with Nikki. He wanted these photos for himself. They would remind him how good she looked. When he had shot her from every angle and taken several close ups he turned toward the door, pulling it closed as he left.
Roger knew the client had his own aircraft. He planned to land at a nearby airport. He would then drive and arrive at Roger's house between 11 o'clock and noon. Glancing at his watch Roger saw it was almost ten o'clock when he heard Nikki call out to him. Not wanting to face her, he ignored her the first 30 minutes. That is when she began screaming. He went to the bedroom and opened the door.
Chapter 5 -- I'll Be Good
Roger could see Nikki was still spread eagle on the bed and now she was tugging hard on the restraints. She was fully awake, just as his friend at the pharmacy said would happen. Hearing the door she turned her head to glare at Roger before saying, "You mother fucker! What the fuck did you put in me?"
Roger forced a grin then asked, "Are you asking what I put in your orange juice or your pussy?"
"Both, you worthless fucking prick!"
"In the orange juice I put something to make sure you would be able to get some rest before the client arrives. As for your pussy it's the dildo made from the mold of the clients cock. You should thank me for that. I put it in you so you would be stretched and opened up for him. This way it won't be as hard for him to get his cock in your tight little cunt when he fucks you."
Taking a deep breath before yelling at him some more she realized this was not getting her anywhere and thought better of it. She knew threatening him would not work so she said, "You know I'm yours and you can fuck me whenever you want me in any manner you want. Not once have I ever said no when you wanted me. Please don't pimp me out to someone who just wants to fill me with his cum."
Roger said, "I do enjoy fucking you, that's for sure. You see, Baby, the thing is you are just so damned fuckable it's hard for me to not share you with other guys. Besides that, I thought you enjoy cocks."
"I do, but only if it's your cock. I don't want a man to take me like this."
"You're not into bondage?"
"Hell no! You know I'm not!" She thought a moment then added, "If that's something you are into I'd be willing to try it. Just don't let him have me like this."
Roger's feelings of regret were growing stronger now than ever. He knew he couldn't let his emotions for Nikki get in the way. He said, "Baby, I promise, it will be okay. Just relax and let me get things ready. He will be here soon."
As soon as Roger closed the door she began screaming again. When he opened the door she stopped and again began pleading with him trying to convince him to remove the bindings. He went to the dresser where he had laid out the two nipple clamps and the ball gag the client had requested.
Picking up the ball gag Roger went over and sat on the bed next to her. She saw the gag in his hand and knew what it was for. She clamped her mouth closed locking her lower jaw. With the gag ready in one hand, with his free hand Roger pinched one of her nipples hard. The moment she opened her mouth to scream out in pain he shoved the rubber ball between her teeth then lifted her head to buckle the straps behind her neck.
She tossed her head side to side as he sat there gently stroking her body trying to calm her. Beginning with her nipples he worked his way down the center of her torso to her clit. It was jammed tight up against the firm faux cock wedged deep inside her. After several minutes of this she calmed and rather than screams trying to escape around the gag he heard her moaning. She had even begun lifting her hips up to meet his fingers that were working her clit.
He said, "Now that's much better. This doesn't have to be a bad thing. You are one hell of a fuck and you even enjoy being fucked. I know you get turned on knowing how your body excites men. The man coming to see you has never seen you in person, but he's still a huge fan. Just think how that big cock is going to feel when he puts it in you. I believe after he's finished and leaves you are going to be sad to see him go. The man coming to see you has his own airplane. He's flying here just to spend some time with you."
Roger could tell Nikki was trying to say something. He said, "I'll remove the gag if you promise you won't scream. Will you promise me that?"
She nodded her head and was looking into his eyes pleading. He said, "Fine, but if you start to scream it goes back in."
When he had the ball out of her mouth she worked her jaw side to side then said, "That thing hurts."
"Behave yourself and I won't put it back in."
Nikki said, "I promise, I'll be good."
Roger resumed playing with her clit. She closed her eyes and was moving her hips. He said, "See, this isn't so bad. All you need to do is relax and allow your body to enjoy it."
Accepting she was going to have to go through this she changed her tactics once again. This time she had accepted she would not be able to stop this so she wanted to make it as tolerable as possible. To this end she said, "I promise I'll be good. I'll even do what you want. If he wants to fuck me, I won't fight him, but do you have to have me tied to the bed like this?"
"I'm afraid so. If it was up to me, I'd let you go, but he asked that you be restrained like this. He said since he first saw your photos he had had dreams of fucking you while you were tied spread eagle to a bed."
"I meant what I said. I promise I won't fight him. I'll fuck him really good, but please don't tie me to the bed like this."
Roger said, "Like I said, it was something he specifically requested. This is how he said he wanted you when he arrives."
Motioning with her head over toward, what she had seen earlier, the tripod with the video camera on top, she asked, "And that?"
"Isn't it obvious? He wants to be able to relive this experience over and over. How many willing 19 year old girls who are as beautiful as you do you think he gets the chance to fuck?"
"Is he really as big as the cock you have stuffed in me?"
"That is what he said. I guess we will find out when he arrives."
"What you mean is that I will find out. Can you at least be here in the room with me while he is here?"
"Probably not, but I'll ask and see what he says."
There was a long pause as Roger continued to stimulate her clit and nipples. At one point he could tell she was about to cum so he pulled his fingers from her clit. Her eyes had been closed but they shot open when he stopped. She said, "Please don't stop. I was almost there."
"I know you were and that's why I stopped. Our client deserves your first orgasm."
A flash in her memories reminded her of an erotic story she had once read online. In that story, which she had told Roger about, there were things that mirrored some of the things that were happening now. This memory caused her to ask, "What's going to happen to me?"
"I'm not sure what you are asking," said Roger.
"I promised you that I'd be good and I will be a good fuck. I promise I'll make him happy. If you want, after him you can even have other clients visit and I'll let them fuck me too. I'll make them cum. I'll even swallow their cum. Please don't do this. Don't let him take me away. I want to stay with you."
"What are you talking about?" asked Roger.
"Please don't sell me. I want to belong to you. I want to be here for you whenever you want to fill me with your cum."
Roger had no idea how Nikki had apparently figured it out, but it sounded like she had figured out his plans for her. He wondered if maybe telling her the man had his own aircraft had tipped her off. He knew there was no way possible he would be able to keep her. If he did keep her he would be forced to keep her bound and out of sight. He knew, regardless of what she said now, it would be natural instinct for her to be searching for a way to escape at the first opportunity she had.
He never would have considered selling her if it hadn't been for the man now coming who had contacted Roger presenting him with the proposal. He explained to Roger he would video her then upload the video to an underground site where he would auction her off to the highest bidder. Based on the photos he'd already seen of Nikki, the man promised Roger a payday that, if invested properly, would insure he would never have to work at another dead end job he hated.
Roger was thinking his dream of becoming a professional photographer might now be within reach. It would mean realizing his dream, but it would cost him being forced to give up the girl who had provided him with the best sexual pleasures he'd ever experienced. The thought of what he was about to do did make him sad, but he knew he would eventually recover from the loss of Nikki. The money was what was now of the most importance to him. He justified his actions by telling himself whoever eventually ended up owning Nikki as his sex slave would pay a huge sum of money for her and with an investment that large, she would be a valuable investment that would be well cared for.
Lying to her, Roger said, "Nobody is taking you from me. You'll always be with me. What man would ever deprive himself of such a sexy creature?"
Nikki wasn't sure if she could believe him or not but knew her options were extremely limited. Now she knew she was most likely on her own and how she came out of this on the other side depended entirely on how she handled herself over the next few hours. With this on her mind, she smiled and said, "I promise I will not disappoint the client."
Moving the finger he had been stroking her clit with to her mouth he said, "Clean my finger and see for yourself how good you taste."
Opening her mouth Nikki took his index finger into her mouth and began to suck on it like it was a small penis. In a perverse sort of way it reminded her of her previous boyfriend; the one who had dumped her in the bar where she met Roger. In spite of her current situation, for a brief moment that thought caused her to smile inwardly. She began moving her tongue all around Roger's finger seductively in an attempt to convince him he really didn't want to sell her. What she was unaware of, it was now much too late to change the course of the events that had been set into motion. Even if she could have changed Roger's mind he was committed. Roger was well aware of the fact the man he was dealing with would never allow him to back out of their agreement.
Roger sat there with his finger still in her mouth enjoying what she was doing, as it reminded him of the amazing blow jobs she'd given him. He was lost in his thoughts as he kept trying to justify to himself selling Nikki into a life of sexual slavery in exchange for a bank account full of money. The man now on his way assured Roger the moment he left the house with Nikki, the money would be available in the off-shore account Roger had already set up to receive the promised payment.
His thoughts were interrupted upon hearing the sound of a car door being slammed closed. Snapping his thoughts back to the here and now he said, "Remember, you promised you would do what he wants and make him happy. Show him your pussy is the best."
Nodding her head Nikki said, "I promise I'll be the best piece of ass he's ever had."
He kissed her forehead then said, "Good girl. I'm counting on you."
She watched as Roger walked out of the room. She then turned her thoughts inward to get her mind wrapped around what she had promised Roger. She was determined to be the submissive female the client was expecting. She figured as long as she was going to get fucked she might as well enjoy it. Resisting would only result in her getting hurt.
Chapter 6 -- Double Cross
Reaching out to shake the man's hand, Roger said, "Good Morning, Mr. Smith. Please come in out of the snow." The man appeared to be an older version of Roger. Both were about the same height. Smith appeared to be a little more rotund.
Since the first time he'd heard the man's name Roger had seriously doubted it was actually 'Smith' but that was the name he'd been given so it was the name Roger used to address him. Smith appeared to be in his 50's and Roger was pleased to see he appeared to have come alone. In Smith's left hand he carried a canvas bag. Roger thought it might contain sex toys he intended to use on Nikki. He suspected the bag also contained the bindings Smith would be planning on using to secure Nikki when he transported her back to the airport where he had left his aircraft. Despite his curiosity to see what was inside, Roger didn't ask about the contents of the bag.
"Is she ready for me?" asked Smith.
"Just as you requested," said Roger. "I've got her bound to the bed spread eagle in the back bedroom. The video camera is already set up on a tripod. It just needs to be turned on. If you would like I can operate the camera for you. With the camera being hand held I could get much better angles than a stationary tripod view will provide."
"That's quite okay. The tripod will be fine. I prefer to have her alone. I'm anxious to see if she is as good as the photos you sent."
"I assure you she is even better."
"I hope so. I already have several wealthy buyers lined up. I've shown them the photos you sent, and they are very anxious for the opportunity to own her. Is she aware of our deal and that she's been sold to me? Does she know after I'm finished she will be leaving with me?"
"She suspects something, but I've assured her that her suspicions are not factual."
Smiling an evil grin Smith said, "Excellent! I always prefer to tell them myself. I trust you've already seen I've put the money for today in your regular account?"
Roger said, "Yes, but I was wondering when you will be putting the deposit for purchasing her in my offshore account?"
"The money will be there exactly as we've already agreed. I'm a man of my word and as long as the merchandise is of the quality I was promised, you will be a very wealthy man. Now, I'm anxious to see her. If you will just show me the way, I want to sample the merchandise. It was a long flight and the weather is horrible. I've been thinking about nothing buy her the entire flight."
Roger led Smith down the hallway toward the bedroom. He opened the door and stepped aside allowing Smith to enter the bedroom first. Both men were looking at Nikki and that was when Roger realized he had forgotten to remove the dildo from Nikki, as he had intended. As it turned out Smith thought it was funny Roger had stuffed her with the replica of his own cock.
Grabbing the front of his pants Smith adjusted his hardening cock then said, "You are just as gorgeous as I expected. I see you've already been enjoying my cock. Soon you will have the opportunity to feel the real thing in that sweet tight little pussy. I've looked at the photos of your sweet pussy so many times I've got it memorized.
Roger could see Nikki was smiling, attempting to do her best to appear excited for this man who was about to fuck her. Just then Smith turned to Roger and said, "If you'll start the video camera, I can take it from there. I'll let you know when I'm finished with her."
Reluctantly Roger turned on the camera, checking the focus once again. Making sure she was centered in the frame he pressed the record button, then said, "Enjoy yourself and yell if you need anything."
Smith was looking at Nikki as he waived his hand dismissively toward the door letting Roger know it was time to leave, by saying, "Yes, yes, yes. Go on and leave. I'm ready to begin my enjoyment of this sweet little morsel."
Roger didn't like Smith from the moment he opened the door and saw him. He was now regretting even more his agreement to sell Nikki to him. Making his way to his computer Roger logged in to his offshore account to see if Smith might have already sent the deposit money he'd promised. The balance in his off-shore account was showing only the initial deposit required to open the account. As Smith had said, no additional money had been deposited.
Roger knew Smith had done exactly what he had promised. He knew he had no reason to doubt the man would stand by their agreement and would pay Roger the money he had promised for Nikki. Still there was something about the man he didn't like or trust. He couldn't put his finger on what it was, but he began to consider the pistol his father had left him and his father's sage advice.
In the top drawer of the nightstand next to his bed Roger kept the loaded 45 caliber semi-automatic Sig-Sauer pistol his father had given him. There was something about Smith that had given him the creeps and was causing Roger to doubt Smith's commitment to their agreement. Roger then remembered his father's words regarding weapons. When it came to self-defense and weapons, Roger's father had said, numerous times, "Son, it's always better to have a weapon and not need it than to need a weapon and not have one." Given how Roger was feeling about Smith, he believed now was the perfect time to heed his father's advice.
Pulling the gun from the drawer he pulled the slide back enough to make sure he had chambered a round after cleaning it the last time he had shot the pistol. Seeing the shell casing in the chamber he slid the slide forward then slipped the firearm into the waistband of his pants. Pulling his shirt down over the butt of the pistol it would be accessible if he needed it, but at the same time concealed from Smith's view if his suspicions ended up being false. If this went as they had agreed Smith would never know Roger had the firearm.
Although he had regrets regarding what he'd done regarding selling Nikki, he had made a deal with Smith and was determined to stand by their agreement. If Smith didn't try something underhanded and kept his word, Nikki would become Smith's property; but if Smith did try to cheat him that would change everything. Roger would then be justified in canceling their agreement and possibly seeing to it that Smith didn't cheat anyone else.
Standing quietly outside the door of the bedroom Roger could hear the sound of the brass headboard banging against the wall. He could also hear Nikki telling Smith how big his cock was and how good it felt as he fucked her. Roger was pleased to hear she was doing exactly what he had asked of her and what she had promised to do. Hearing what she was saying did sadden him because she was doing this because it was what he had asked her to do. At the same time he was aware of the fact her words and submissive attitude was all being captured by the video camera and would be used against her. Roger was sure Smith would use her submissive behavior to help him drive up the price for which he would sell her.
The pounding of the bed against the wall went on for what seemed like forever. At some point Smith had apparently removed the bindings because Roger could hear Smith directing her into different positions on the bed. Each time he put his cock into her he would let out a groan of pleasure and Nikki would beg him to enter her slowly. Once he was fully inside her and it sounded as if she was fine the banging of the headboard against the wall would once again begin.
He heard Smith tell her, "That's it cunt, use that mouth and tongue. Taste your fucking cunt juice. Clean all of it off my cock and balls." A few moments later Roger heard Smith say, "You can do better than that. Take my cock all the way down your throat. Don't you dare let me feel those teeth touch it." He could hear Nikki choke and gag as she was apparently attempting to do what Smith wanted. Roger knew if the dildo was actually how big Smith's cock was, there would be no way possible for someone as small as Nikki to take much more than the head of his cock into her mouth.
The sounds of what was happening to Nikki were beginning to wear on Roger. He wanted Smith to finish and get out of the house, even if it meant taking Nikki with him. He kept telling himself she would be better off wherever she was going and he would be set financially, for life. He heard Smith yell, "I'm cumming bitch. Swallow every fucking drop or I'll fucking pistol whip you."
The comment got Roger's full attention. He wondered if Smith actually had a gun or was it just a figure of speech. Whichever it was he was glad the Sig was securely tucked away in his waist. Roger didn't want to be standing there when they came out of the bedroom, so he silently hurried back down the hall, where he waited.
Chapter 7 -- You Belong to Me Now
In the bedroom Smith had his cock shoved as far as possible into Nikki's mouth. When he began to ejaculate, semen shot out his cock and into the back of her throat. It took all her concentration to not choke as she made sure she swallowed every drop of his cum. When he had finished, she continued to suck on his cock making sure she got every last drop of his cum.
When he pulled back from her, he said, "I'm impressed! You were a damn good fuck! You were every bit as good as I imagined you'd be. Now open that pretty mouth wide. We aren't quite yet finished."
She saw he had the ball gag in his hand and understood what he was about to do, but she didn't have much choice. It took all her willpower to keep her mouth open and allow him to put that ball gag back into her mouth. He pressed hard to get it lodged between her teeth. He then buckled the strap behind her neck. As he was doing this she wondered why he had waited until now to use the ball gag. He'd already cum and would be leaving.
With the gag buckled she heard the zipper on the canvas bag he'd brought into the house being slid open. He was behind her and when she started to turn he said, "Turn back around. I'll tell you what you need to know when I'm ready."
Moments later he said, "Give me your arms." He pulled them behind her and bent her arms at the elbows. He then said, "Grip your elbows with your hands. I'm going to bind your arms. Just do as you are told. Don't move or give me any shit."
She felt what later turned out to be a wide leather arm muff, being wrapped around her forearms. Slowly the muff began to get tighter as Smith pulled tight and buckled four straps to hold the muff firmly in place. When he was finished she realized there was no way for her to now move her arms. When he turned her back around to face him she saw the evil grin on his face. She could see he was holding something in one hand.
With his empty hand he pinched her left nipple and rolled it between his fingers causing it to become hard. What he was doing actually felt good, but then she saw he had nipple clamps that were like small C clamps. A thumb screw with a knurled knob was used to tighten the clamps on her nipple. A chain connected the clamps together. When he had the first clamp on and had screwed it down tight enough to keep it from falling off he repeated the actions with her other nipple. With both clamps in place he looked into her eyes and said, "Now this is to remind you the next time you are told to take the entire cock into your mouth you are expected to do just that." This is when he twisted the screws much harder causing them to brutally crush her nipples. The ball gag muffled the scream that came from her.
Holding the chain connecting the two clamps in his hand, Smith said, "Listen closely, I'm only going to say this once. Your boyfriend out there sold you to me. You are now my property. Just so you know, I'm not a nice man, so don't test me. I sell pretty girls like you to men who can afford and desire to own the nicer things in life. You will make one of my clients very happy. I'm sure you will also make many of his friends and even his sons, daughters and wives happy with your body. I have an airplane waiting not too far from here, if we haven't been snowed in. We are going to leave here and I'll take you to my home where I'll set up the auction and you will be sold to whomever wants you the most.
"You better get used to pleasing lots of cocks and you will very likely be eating a lot of pussy. If you've never done that you will learn to enjoy the taste of pussy. It's quite tasty."
He laughed then Nikki watched him extract a handgun from the canvas bag. He stuffed the gun into his waistband. Looking at Nikki, he said, "Don't worry, this is not for you, unless you give me trouble. It's for your boyfriend if he should decide he wants to renegotiate the terms of our agreement."
Smith must have seen the look of confusion on Nikki's face, because he grinned and said, "No need for you to worry. You are probably upset he sold you so it might give you some pleasure to know your worthless boyfriend won't be getting one dime for you. He actually believes he's going to be rich, but paying shitheads like him is not how I became rich. Why should I give him any of the money? So what if he doesn't get paid. Who is he going to file the complaint with regarding not getting paid the money he was owed when he sold his girlfriend?"
He laughed then said, "Now we are going to walk out of here and you are to do exactly as you are told. You are worth much more to me alive than... Well I think you get the idea."
Grabbing hold of the arm muff he pointed her toward the door and just before opening it said, "Remember what you saw in my pants." He laughed then said, "No, not my cock. You will be seeing a lot of that before I have to send you to your new owner. Now be a good girl and you will not get hurt."
Chapter 8 -- Changes in Agreement
Roger had been waiting for several minutes before he heard the bedroom door open. Nikki was the first to step through the door. Except for the hose and heels she was naked. Roger wasn't surprised when he saw her arms pulled behind her back. He could see the ball gag he had used on her earlier was now back in her mouth. He also saw she had clamps attached to her nipples, but they were not the clamps he had purchased and left on the table for Smith. These clamps had to be something Smith had brought along. They appeared to be painful and he saw there was a chain connecting the two clamps. Nikki's eyes landed on Roger standing at the end of the hall and he could see they were filled with terror.
Standing immediately behind her was Smith with one of his hands on the arm muff style binder Smith had just put on her. In his other hand he held the video camera he had removed from the tripod. When they were close enough to Roger he tossed the camera saying, "How do you get the fucking data card out of the camera?"
Roger caught the camera and was opening the door behind which was the data card when Smith said, "Your bitch was a good fuck and she's every bit as gorgeous as you said. The thing is I can tell, while she's a damn good fuck, she's not worth anywhere near the amount we agreed on. I can now see I'm going to have to put some time and money into getting her trained properly before I'll be able to sell her to any of my customers."
"What the fuck do you mean?" asked Roger. "We have an agreement."
"Correction," said Smith. "We HAD an agreement. Now that I've got her, I'll have to assess her value a little more closely to be able to determine what she's worth. Don't worry you will get paid what I feel is a fair price, but that price will be based on her current level of training."
Roger was furious. He was sure Smith was trying to cheat him and most likely there would be no money coming his way. On the other hand this gave him the opportunity he had been wanting that would allow him to cancel their agreement. Roger said, "Then just forget it. Our deal is off. I'm not taking any less for her. Take that shit off her and I'll just keep her for myself."
Enraged and suspecting he was going to have to fight to retain possession of Nikki, Smith yelled, "Like hell you will! This bitch belongs to me now. I'm the only one who will decide if we have a deal or not. I'm not going to cheat you and like I said, you will get your fucking money. In the meantime I'll be fucking and training the bitch to get her to the point where I can sell her and make both of us some money."
Roger reached into the waist of his pants and quickly drew the pistol pointing it at Smith. This happened so fast Smith hadn't even realized what was happening until he was looking down the business end of the Sig. With all the women he'd acquired in this manner he'd never had anyone brazen enough to pull a gun on him like this. There had been a few who had firearms, but none drew the weapon with such practiced expertise. Smith was caught off-guard and did the only thing he could, which was to duck behind Nikki and use her body as a shield. The problem with this approach was Nikki was so small her body didn't offer him much protection.
Holding the gun steady on Smith, Roger said, "Let her go and you have my word you can walk out the door unharmed. We can forget this ever happened. Just understand you aren't taking her out of this house. Like it or not, that's how this is going to go down."
Roger knew his skill level. He had been lucky when he drew the pistol that he hadn't dropped it. His father had taught him how to shoot and he was a damn good shot once he got the gun out. As good as he'd been when target practicing with his father, he wasn't confident enough of his abilities to be certain if he pulled the trigger he would miss Nikki and hit Smith.
As he was considering his next move he hadn't expected Smith's next move. Suddenly Nikki had been thrust violently in his direction. With her arms bound like they were in addition to the severely high stilettos she was wearing, she lost her balance and was unable to control the trajectory of her body. Rather than knocking Roger off his feet, as had been Smith's intent, her body glanced off Roger and she fell crashing to the hardwood floor coming to rest on her right shoulder. She found herself facing toward the front door, away from Roger who was now behind her.
At almost the exact same time as she hit the floor she heard what sounded like one extremely loud gunshot. The extreme level of noise created left her practically deaf with her ears ringing. The stench of burnt gunpowder hung heavy in the air. Hearing what she was sure had been one gunshot she had no idea which of the two men had shot the other.
At first she was afraid to move for fear of what might happen. She feared the worst, which was that Smith had shot Roger. If that was the case she wondered if he would now shoot her or would he grab her and take her to his airplane like had been his plan all along.
When she had landed on her right shoulder she had no idea what was behind her. With her arms bound it was difficult to move, even if she had wanted to do so. Frightened out of her mind she would have screamed, had it not been for the ball wedged between her teeth. This was when she felt something wet grip her left shoulder. She felt herself being pulled back toward where Roger had been. She'd been rolled onto her back and was now looking up toward the ceiling. She was excited when she saw Roger's face come into view. He was smiling down at her, but she could tell something was wrong. In addition to the smile there was a look of pain on his face.
Glancing toward her shoulder she saw it had been his hand that had gripped her and rolled her onto her back. His hand was still on her shoulder, but it was covered with blood.
Looking back toward him she saw he was still holding the pistol, but now he was holding it against himself just above his stomach. He was clutching the pistol in his hand and she could see blood spurting out from around his hand and the pistol. She knew this was a sign Smith's bullet had hit an artery. This, she understood, was really bad. Her biggest fear was that Smith was going to appear and drag her out of the house at any moment.
Earlier she'd been so mad at Roger, but at this moment she saw him as her last hope and she knew he would not survive the gunshot. Seeing him clutching the pistol she remembered seeing it in the nightstand next to their bed. When she asked about it he had told her his father had given it to him. He told her he kept it loaded and that she was not to touch it. He promised to teach her how to shoot it, but had never gotten around to doing so. After that she had never opened that drawer again.
Her ears were still ringing, but she was now able to hear a little better. She started to ask him what happened but stopped when she felt the grip of his blood covered hand on her shoulder tighten. This was followed by what appeared to be his last bit of strength as he said, "I'm so sorry. This wasn't what..."
Due to the ringing in her ears she was overcompensating and almost shouting as she asked, "This wasn't what?" It was at that moment she saw his jaw go slack. His eyes seemed to go blank, but remained open. His eyes were staring directly at her, but she knew he no longer saw her or anything else. She knew he was dead. This was the point when her fear became the greatest. Roger was dead and she knew Smith had killed him. There was now nobody to prevent Smith from taking her and selling her or doing anything he wanted with her.
She lay there waiting for Smith to grab her. After what seemed like an eternity, and she hadn't heard or felt anything, she began to struggle in an effort to get up and on her feet. The heels strapped to her feet along with having her arms bound made the task extremely difficult. When she finally managed to get into a position where she could see back down the hall she could hardly believe her eyes.
Smith was lying in the hallway motionless, face up with his legs spread. He had a shoe against the wall on each side of the hallway. Finally managing to get up off the floor and onto her feet she slowly walked toward him. As she got closer she could see his eyes were also open and staring straight up at the ceiling. In the center of his forehead she saw a large hole she knew had to have been made by a bullet from Roger's gun. She now understood the single shot she thought she heard had actually been two shots fired close enough together they sounded like one shot. The two men had fired their guns and shot each other at precisely the same moment.
Standing there looking at him she half expected Smith to get up and grab her. Standing there between his splayed legs she looked down at him for the longest time. That was when something inside her head clicked. Pulling back her right leg she swung her foot as hard as she could driving her toes into the large cock he'd been thrusting into her earlier. She wanted to smash his cock and those large balls he'd been so proud of, as over and over she kept kicking him with her foot until her toes began to hurt. Her shoe offered no protection for her toes but she was so angry and frightened she hadn't noticed the pain she was inflicting on herself.
After a few more kicks to his manhood she made her way back to the front door only to find it locked. For almost an hour her desperate attempts to open the front door failed. Despite how hard she tried she was unable to turn the simple thumb latch with her arms bound like they were. She had even tried to operate the latch with her mouth, only for her efforts to end in failure. When she was about to give up it dawned on her to try the sliding glass door. She knew Roger usually kept it locked, but she figured she had nothing to lose. It was at least worth a try. If all else failed, she thought she could break the glass, but she knew doing that would be dangerous. The broken glass could very easily cause severe cuts and she could bleed out right there next to Roger. To her delight when she pushed on the door it effortlessly slid open.
At first Nikki barely noticed the strong blast of frigid air that rushed in suddenly enveloping her naked body. The snow was drifting and was quite deep, but once she had made her way to the driveway she saw where Smith's car was parked. She managed to walk in the path Roger had cleared earlier, using their small tractor. He had cleared the snow to allow Smith to drive up to the house. The snow had filled in much of the path Roger had cleared. She guessed it was now between six and twelve inches deep as she made her way up the impossibly long quarter mile drive leading to the paved road that ran past the house.
The stilettos strapped around her ankles were what are referred to as 'strappy heels.' She had also heard them called 'Fuck Me Heels' since they were much more useful getting a man's cock hard and keeping it hard than they were as footwear for a girl to walk in. The heels consisted of a thin leather sole with a single narrow strip of leather across her toes and a matching strap that buckled around her ankle. They wouldn't have been so bad had it not been for the impossibly high heel. They were pretty and very sexy, but were meant for walking short distances in warm weather on a hard dry surface. They were worse than useless in the snow. The thin sole did protect the bottom of her foot from the gravel but the large chunks of gravel buried under the show were not easy to navigate with the very narrow spike steel heel.
Nikki had made it almost to the paved road when the cold that seemed to have transformed her feet into blocks of ice became apparent to her. She later wondered how she had been able to endure the wind and cold as long as she had. She then surmised it must have been because she'd been in shock from all that had happened. Up until then she had barely noticed the severe cold.
As she neared the road her fear was she would have to walk down the paved road for miles before she found anyone to help her. She knew, even during the summer, the road was not heavily traveled. Now, with the winter blizzard, the traffic was almost non-existent. She was determined to do whatever it took to survive long enough to find someone who could help her. Her mind started playing tricks on her as she began to fear the possibility of being found by someone who might come looking for Smith.
Upon reaching the road she stood there in the blinding snow for a moment. The realization of her dire circumstances made her aware of the fact she had almost no chance of surviving in these conditions. As she was about to collapse into a large drift of snow she saw the lights of a large semi-truck approaching slowly through the blinding snow.
From the cab of the truck the driver was sure his eyes were playing tricks on him. He knew what he was seeing was not possible. It had been much too long since he'd had a woman and just within the reach of his headlights was a naked woman standing there with her arms bound behind her back. As he got closer he saw a bright red ball in her mouth.
Still sure he was losing his mind he carefully applied the brakes stopping his truck a few feet from where she stood. He had heard stories of how men of the sea claimed mermaids would lure the wood ships toward the rocks causing them to hit the rocks and sink to the bottom of the sea. He wasn't very confident this vision he was seeing wasn't a similar hallucination.
As the truck began to stop, even in her condition, Nikki she knew she must be quite a sight. She even wondered if the driver would see her and if he did would he pass on by such a strange sight. The nipple clamps Smith had screwed tightly onto her nipples remained exactly where he had put them. They no longer hurt and she assumed this might be due to the loss of blood flow to her nipples along with possibly the freezing cold winter air.
Later she would laugh as she remembered thinking if the driver would stop she would let him do whatever he wanted to her if he would just let her get into his warm truck. There was no doubt in her mind she would gladly suck the driver's cock or even let him fuck her if only he would let her in his truck where she could get warm while he had his fun with her.
She was now shivering uncontrollably and was afraid she might lose her footing and fall back into the snow. She thought it was the wind, but then realized it was the loud hiss of his air brakes. It was the sweetest sound she could ever remember hearing. She was afraid to let herself believe he had spotted her and was stopping for her.
Almost like it was a dream she saw the driver's door of the truck fly open and a giant of a man stepped down from the truck. She saw him approaching her cautiously with a look of confusion on his face. In his hands he was holding a blanket. It felt like he was moving in slow motion, but he was in fact moving as fast as he could. When he was closer she heard him say, "Don't be afraid, I won't hurt you." Looking at her shoulder he asked, "Is that your blood? Are you hurt?"
The extreme cold had numbed her ability to think. She was able to shake her head, letting him know it was not her blood. Satisfied he wasn't going to cause her additional injury he quickly and carefully wrapped the blanket around her before sweeping her off her feet, cradling her in his arms. He hurried as fast as he could, without slipping and falling, back toward his truck. Unable to climb the steps with both arms holding her he looked into her eyes and said, "I'm sorry, but I have to put you over my shoulder to get us both up the steps and into the truck."
After seeing her nod her head to let him know she understood, he effortlessly shifted her body placing her waist at his shoulder draping her across it. Holding her legs securely in place by placing one arm across the back of her thighs he used his one free hand to grab hold of the vertical bar and pull them up the steps and into the cab of the truck. He had obviously never used the bar to pull himself and a girl draped across his shoulder up the steps, but he did it effortlessly as if this was something he did every day. When they were both in the cab of the truck he pulled the door closed then carried Nikki between the seats back to the sleeper area behind the driver's and passenger seats.
There he gently removed her from his shoulder and lay her on her back on top of an unzipped sleeping bag he used on top of the mattress. She watched as he made some adjustments on a control panel as he turned the heat up on high. When he had finished she instantly felt the blast of hot air as it began filling the sleeper compartment.
The blanket he had wrapped around her fell away from her body as he reached behind her neck to unbuckle the strap holding the ball gag in her mouth. When he had the ball out of her mouth her teeth began chattering from the cold. She was barely able to speak and this is when he asked, "What happened and whose blood is that on your shoulder?"
Rather than answer him she twisted her body to show him her arms. Then with considerable effort said, "My arms. Please my arms."
Seeing the binding holding her arms secure behind her back, he saw the four leather straps securing a wide leather arm binder around her forearms. Pulling a knife from his pocket he wasn't about to take the time to unbuckle the straps. The knife was sharp and easily sliced through the leather straps. As he this this Nikki said, "It's not my blood."
With her arms finally free she was aware of the fact she was naked, but she was too cold to care. She wanted the nipple clamps removed and was attempting to loosen the screw on one of the clamps by grasping the knurled knob with her fingers. She quickly discovered her fingers were too cold and were shaking so badly she was unable to get a good grip. The trucker saw what she was attempting to do and said, "If you don't mind I can help you with that."
Looking into his kind eyes she was still having trouble speaking and simply nodded her head releasing the clamp. She watched as his he took hold of the clamp with one hand and with the large fingers of the other he began to slowly loosen the screw. As he was doing this he said, "My name is Jack. You're one very lucky girl. I don't normally travel this road, but an avalanche is blocking the route I normally use on this run."
Moments later when he had the clamp removed the blood began surging into the abused nipple tissue causing intense pain that was much worse than when Smith had put them on her. Nikki cried out in pain, grabbing her breast. She was massaging her nipple trying to relieve the pain as Jack began working to free her other nipple.
With both clamps removed she would later describe the pain she was feeling in her nipples as feeling like what she imagined it would feel like if someone was slowly slicing them off with a dull knife. Looking at Jack, now with tears in her eyes, she said, "Please suck on them, they hurt so much."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes, please."
Taking the sensitive feminine flesh into his mouth he was surprised how cold it felt in his mouth. He could tell by her response what he was doing was helping suppress the pain. Soon Nikki said, "Thank you, that feels so much better. Please do the other one." She moved her hand away to allow him access to her other breast. He only sucked on it a short amount of time and appeared to be embarrassed by what he had done.
With her hands now massaging her breasts attempting to relieve the pain from the nipple clamps and cold, he pulled the thick unzipped sleeping bag she was sitting up around her shoulders totally enveloping her entire body, with the exception of her head, in the thick warm cocoon of the sleeping bag. Looking into her eyes he said, "That should help warm you up. I'll call the Sheriff and get an ambulance out here." He looked into her eyes for a moment then turned to grab his mobile phone.
Nikki listened as he gave the Emergency dispatcher their location. It was then that he began relaying questions and answers between the dispatcher and Nikki. By this time she was beginning to get her shivering under control and tears were flowing down her cheeks as Jack listened to her explain by saying, "There are two men back up the road. They are inside the house, and both are dead." As she was explaining all this to Jack she could hear him on his phone relaying the information. Just before Jack hung up Nikki heard him say, "No, I'm not going anywhere. We'll both be here waiting. Please tell them to hurry, she's been out in the cold and I'm very concerned about her."
After disconnecting the call, Jack placed his hand on one flap of the sleeping bag and before proceeding asked, "Do you mind if I take a closer look at your shoulder? I just want to make sure you are okay."
Nikki wondered if this was where he was going to want to fuck her. Every man she had met recently had wanted to put his cock in her mouth, pussy, and even her ass. She nodded her head, giving him permission to expose her body once again.
He pulled it back exposing half of her body. Looking at the blood on her shoulder he said, "Earlier you said that's not your blood, are you sure?"
Nodding her head she said, "Yes, I'm sure. It's the blood of the man who saved me."
"He must have been very brave and loved you very much," said Jack. He then found a clean paper towel and wet it with water from a partially filled bottle of drinking water that had been in a cup holder next to his seat. He began gently scrubbing her shoulder slowly removing the dried blood. While he was doing this Nikki responded to his comment.
"I'm not sure how much he loved me and he certainly did a lot of things wrong, but deep down I'd like to remember him as being a good man when it mattered the most." Looking at Jack she said, "You're a very good man too and you also saved my life. I want to thank you. If you'd like to fuck me, you can. I really don't mind."
Closing the sleeping bag back around her, Jack wrapped his arms around the sleeping bag with her wrapped up inside it. Hugging her tightly he said, "No Baby, you have my word nobody is going to lay a hand on you as long as you are with me. There is no way I'm leaving you until I'm sure you will be safe." Making sure she was wrapped up tight inside the thick sleeping bag he said, "Keep the sleeping bag wrapped around you and try to warm up. You let me worry about what happens next. I promise, you are safe and I'm not going to let anyone hurt you."
Nikki looked at him and he could see her big beautiful blue eyes beginning to water up with tears as she said, "Sir, thank you so much. You are very kind, but I'm not sure if I'll ever feel safe again."
Chapter 9 -- Road to Recovery
With the conditions of the road as bad as they were, several minutes passed before a sheriff's officer and two detectives were able to get to them. The ambulance arrived a few minutes later. When the ambulance crew found the men and confirmed they were both dead they turned their attention to Nikki. She was taken to the hospital while the detectives worked the crime scene well into the night. Jack followed the ambulance in his truck.
At the hospital Nikki was treated for frostbite and hypothermia in addition to abrasions to her nipples caused by the clamps. The Sheriff detectives wanted the medical staff to collect evidence for what they called a 'rape kit' but Nikki told them she hadn't been raped. She explained while at first she had not wanted Smith, she later consented to Roger giving her to Smith. She explained she had willingly tried to do everything he had asked of her. She had willingly tried to please him sexually.
They explained what happened to her was still rape even though she hadn't fought Smith, but she said with Smith now dead there was no reason for the evidence of what occurred to be collected. It was only then that they agreed to stop pressuring her for the evidence. The doctors did conduct a thorough internal exam and confirmed while she did have some minor internal abrasions in her vagina, she had suffered no serious internal damage. She had a severely bruised shoulder where she had landed on the floor when Smith pushed her, but her most serious health issue had been caused by her walking through the snow up to the road.
Nikki later learned a search of documents, found in Smith's car, revealed the name he was using had been an alias. She would never know this had been just as Roger had suspected. They found evidence to prove Smith had been in the business of selling girls as sex slaves and Nikki confirmed he had told her he'd done this before numerous times. She explained everything he told her after placing the gag in her mouth. The detectives were able to confirm Smith used an underground auction site set up specifically for the purpose of selling the girls. Although they were unable to determine who had set up the site they were fairly confident it hadn't been Smith. This meant there were others involved in the same activity.
Two days later a twin engine turbo-prop aircraft registered in Smith's real name was found at a nearby airport. If there had been anyone else with him they were long gone by the time the aircraft was reported abandoned at the private airport. Secured to the floor of the aircraft, in the cargo area at the back of the cabin, they discovered a cage, similar to a large dog kennel. It was of sufficient size to easily hold a female Nikki's size or even a little larger. A metal lock box containing a bottle of Ether along with rags, padlocks, and additional bindings was also discovered in the aircraft and was located near the cage.
Despite their efforts, detectives were unable to identify or locate any of the girls they believed he had sold in the same manner he had told Nikki he was going to sell her. Detectives were able to identify bank transactions indicating large sums of money being deposited into Smith's bank accounts; however, the origins of those transactions had been well hidden and were never fully identified. The web site Smith used disappeared, but officials felt sure only the web site had gone away, not the auctions. They suspected it had gone further underground and was continuing to operate under a different name.
The video, captured by the camera on the tripod in the bedroom, of Nikki and Smith, was located near Smith's body. It was secured and turned over to a Federal Prosecutor for safe keeping. While the video was never seen by the general public, thousands of erotic as well as pornographic photos of Nikki, taken by Roger, were found on the data cards Roger used in his cameras. Many of these photos Roger had published online for anyone with Internet access to be able to view.
In addition to those of Nikki, photos of other girls were also found. The girls in those photos were never identified. Based on the number of photos of these other girls, authorities felt sure Nikki was the first girl Roger had photographed and marketed the photos as he had done. They felt the other girls were most likely girls, possibly even girlfriends, who had posed nude for him simply for fun. Nikki would later wonder why he had never mentioned any of these other girls to her.
After being released from the hospital and there being no criminal charges filed against Nikki she contacted and reconciled with her mother before returning home. Nikki did ask the detectives, working the case, for Jack's full name and how to contact him.
She remembered seeing him once while she was in the hospital. As she was being discharged one of the nurses made the comment, "There was a handsome young man who came in shortly after you arrived. He kept bugging us wanting to know how you were doing."
Nikki asked, "What was his name?"
The nurse smiled and said, "He said he was a friend of yours and he said something about being a truck driver. I believe he said his name was Jack, but I could be mistaken." She looked at Nikki and said, "I shouldn't say this, but I could tell he was someone special who was very concerned about you. He practically lived here in the waiting room. He was constantly wanting updates on how you were doing. In order to get him to leave us alone, it was probably the second or maybe the third day you were here I let him into your room for just a couple minutes so he could see for himself that you were okay."
Nikki's eyes began to tear up and the nurse said, "I hope that wasn't a mistake. I stayed in your room the entire time he was there. I wasn't about to leave him in there alone with you."
Wiping the tears from her cheeks Nikki said, "You didn't do anything wrong. In fact, I'm very happy you did what you did. Things couldn't be better."
Nikki now knew now, what she had thought must have been a dream, had actually happened. She remembered being aware of someone standing next to her bed. She even remembered him holding her hand. He'd been there only the briefest amount of time. She thought she remembered him kissing her cheek, but wasn't sure. Later when she was fully awake, she convinced herself it had been only a wishful dream. Now she was certain, being a man of his word, Jack had stayed with her until he was sure she was safe. Only after getting that assurance did he feel it was safe to leave her in the hands of others.
After she had been out of the hospital and had returned home to live with her mother Nikki used the information the detective had given her to write the first letter to Jack. In the letter she had thanked him for everything he had done for her. Over the following few months a steady stream of letters flowed back and forth between Nikki and Jack.
They arranged a date and location near where Jack lived to meet and talk face to face. Back in Colorado, Nikki was reminded despite what had happened to her there, how beautiful the mountains were in the summer. She had checked into the hotel and was waiting in a garden area in front of the hotel. She had been enjoying the mountain air when she saw a pick-up truck arrive. She didn't think much about it until she saw the driver step out and saw it was Jack.
She had told herself she would play everything by ear and not become overly excited when she saw him. All those plans were forgotten when she saw him. She practically ran over to him and threw her arms around the back of his neck hugging him as tight as she could. Jack put his arms around her hugging her. For the longest time neither of them spoke one word.
Glancing into the glass front of the hotel Jack could see their reflection and when he noticed several men looking at them he saw Nikki's skirt was pulled up partially displaying her ass cheeks. Lowering her feet to the ground he said, "Maybe we should go inside. Your skirt was showing a little more than you might have realized."
Nikki was blushing as she put her hand on the back of her skirt to hold it down. Looking up at him she said, "You've already seen a lot more of me than that."
It was now his turn to blush. He took her hand and they walked into the hotel. Jack got checked in then they went to the restaurant in the hotel where they ordered an appetizer to share. In the letters Nikki had written to Jack she tried to explain what had happened, but was now explaining in much greater detail what had happened in the days leading up to Jack finding her. She also told him what had happened the morning Jack found her.
She had thought about what she should tell him and what she should hold back, but in the end she held back very little. She admitted she didn't remember everything that had happened that day. She also told him how the detectives had been unable to locate any of the other girls Smith had mentioned. She knew Smith was not the man's actual name, but he would always be Smith to her.
She explained in detail the relationship between her and Roger and how she felt like toward the end he had remorse for what he had done. She explained her fear that he might not see her and drive on by, or worse yet see her standing naked in the snow and still drive by. When she apologized for what she had offered him he grinned and said, "Thinking back on that day I've kicked myself several times for not accepting your offer. It's not that often I find a gorgeous naked girl standing by the roadside. Then when I do, I get all noble and turn her down."
He was grinning as he said this, but Nikki knew if he had it all to do over again he would do exactly the same thing. He was one of the good guys. He was the kind of person who would never take advantage of anyone in that situation. When he had finished she said, "Well maybe there is still a chance for you."
"Nikki you are so special. You have been on my mind constantly since that day. I'll never forget how I felt when I found you. I've often wondered if it hadn't been for the avalanche blocking the road I normally drive, maybe nobody would have been there to find you in time. It gives me chills every time I think of the possibility of you standing there and nobody driving by. If you recall, the entire time we were there nobody drove by. We didn't see another car of truck until the Sheriff arrived."
Seeing and talking to Jack brought back so many memories of the day he had saved her life. The nurse telling her how Jack had practically camped out in the waiting room protectively watching over her and needing to make sure she was okay before he would leave, sent chills up her spine.
They were still in the restaurant talking when people began arriving for dinner. Jack suggested they stay and have dinner. As they ate Jack was reminded of the frightened girl he had saved that day in the blizzard. He was having difficulty connecting that girl with the beautiful young girl now sitting across the table from him. A day hadn't passed since leaving her at the hospital that thoughts of Nikki hadn't been on his mind. Since leaving her in the care of the hospital he had wondered many times what might have developed between them. There was no way he could have taken advantage of her situation. He remembered his strong desire to protect her. He was reminded how even then he realized just how beautiful she was, but it wasn't until he knew she was safe and her prognosis for recovery was good that he allowed himself to think about her petite nearly perfect naked body.
Sitting across from him, she now appeared to be fully recovered. He appreciated that she was wearing a very sexy outfit and was hopeful she had worn it for him. He was thinking if her intent in selecting her wardrobe had been to get his attention, she had been very successful. He had been fighting, unsuccessfully, to keep his arousal under control. Rather than seeing her as an abused fragile young girl who needed his protection, his thoughts were now different and much more carnal.
After they had finished eating he asked if she wanted to go for a walk. She gave him a grin and said, "It's dark outside and a little chilly. Instead of going for a walk, I'd rather go somewhere that we could talk more."
Jack grinned and said, "There is always my room?"
Nikki gave him a sexy grin then said, "That's sort of what I was hoping you might suggest."
Jack paid for their dinners then took her hand in his. As they walked toward the elevator he released her hand and put his arm around her waist, pulling her closer. Nikki felt butterflies in her stomach while they waited for the elevator. Once inside the doors began to close and her knees felt weak. As soon as they were closed Jack pulled her into his arms and pressed his lips hard against her mouth. He could feel her arms around the back of his neck as he hugged her tight.
Pulling his mouth from her he said, "I've been thinking about doing that for such a long time." Before she could respond his lips were on hers once again. Neither of them had noticed the elevator doors opening. It wasn't until they heard an older woman clear her throat that they looked and saw her and her husband staring at them, both with smiles on their faces.
Jack was embarrassed and quickly led Nikki out past the couple. Nikki heard the woman ask her husband, "Why don't you ever kiss me like that?"
She heard the man say something, but was unable to make out what his response had been. Her full attention was now on Jack. Once in his room the door had barely closed when he had her in his arms again. His hands had pulled up her short skirt. In each hand he was gripping a firm bare ass cheek. He lifted her off the floor and Nikki wrapped her legs around Jack's waist. With her arms behind his neck their lips were locked together as he carried her toward the bed.
Lowering her to the bed he pushed her onto her back as he slid between her legs to lay on top of her. They continued kissing as he rolled off her and onto the bed. When their lips parted Nikki began unbuttoning his shirt. With the shirt off she began working on his pants. He was kicking his shoes off and onto the floor while she was unzipping his pants. Lifting his hips she was able to tug his pants lower. Wearing only his boxers he sat up, removed his socks, then began to undress her.
With her blouse and skirt removed he began working on her bra. Pulling the garment away he was looking down at her firm breasts. They looked perfect and so much better than when he had first seen them practically frozen. Taking one of her nipples between his thumb and forefinger he pinched one of her nipples eliciting a moan from her. He said, "I'm happy to see they recovered so nicely."
Nikki said, "That asshole put those clamps on so tight I didn't think my nipples would ever be the same again."
Jack was about to lower her thong when Nikki said, "You've already seen me, but I've never seen you. My turn now."
Releasing the thong he lay back and said, "That is only fair. Please, help yourself."
Nikki rubbed his very hard manhood through the fabric of his underwear. He felt long and thick. In her mind she was creating a mental image of what it must look like. She had waited and was in no hurry to lessen the suspense. For the longest time she continued to tease him. Eventually, unable to wait any longer, she began lowering his boxers until she had the garment down below his ball filled scrotum. She could see he was very aroused by the amount of pre-cum leaking from the tip. His cock was just as long and thick as she had thought. She always enjoyed the way the skin on a man's penis was so silky smooth yet under the skin the shaft was incredibly hard.
Gripping him she was unable to get her small hand even half the distance around the shaft. She stroked it glancing into Jack's eyes then back at his cock. Jack watched her with fascination as she kept grinning at him. He wanted to put it in her, but was forcing himself to give her the time she wanted. The last thing he wanted to do was to rush her.
Gripping his cock in one hand she leaned over to kiss him. When she pulled back she said, "I've thought about this moment so many times. Your cock is beautiful. It's so big and I want it so much. I have to taste you."
Jack watched as she slowly pulled back then laying on top of the bed with her legs pointed half way between the side of the bed and the headboard she lowered her mouth onto his shaft. She felt Jack's fingers on her inner thigh as she kissed his glans. Cleaning the pre-cum from her lips she then licked the remainder of the pre-cum from the end of his cock. While she was doing this she felt one of his hands slip between her legs then a finger touched her clit.
With his cock partially in her mouth Jack could hear and feel a groan of pleasure from deep within her. After only a couple more minutes his ability to control his need to have her consumed him and he moved her head to the pillows and pushed her legs up and back toward her chest. Taking hold of her legs she held them as he slowly pushed himself inside her.
Looking up at him Nikki whispered, "Take me, I'm yours."
Over the next two days they left the room to eat, but nothing else. Their passion for each other was intense. Nikki had been the one to break the spell when she mentioned reading about relationships like theirs that had begun under such extreme circumstances. She said most of what she read said the relationships hardly ever lasted the test of time.
Jack was devastated when Nikki told him she would always love him for saving her life, but that she had doubts whether or not they could make a life together. Before Nikki left to return to California, they agreed to keep in touch.
It was clear Jack was interested in developing a romantic relationship with Nikki, but he had decided to give her time to come to grips with her feelings. Both agreed they had feelings for each other and vowed to keep in touch.
Even before boarding the plane to return home Nikki was feeling remorse. It had been her idea to put things on hold, but it still felt as though her heart had been ripped out of her chest. When she was back home she discussed her feelings with her mother. Her mother suggested she might need more time to heal. She said if he really loved her he would be there when she was ready.
In the months that followed friends began telling her of finding photos of her online. She found several herself, that Roger had taken. Some of those she remembered him taking brought back fond memories, but some were associated with memories she wanted to forget.
The photos he took early on of her semi-nude and even a few of the tastefully done nudes were photos she was proud of and had even showed her mother. She could see back then Roger had the potential of becoming a successful professional photographer. Very few of the custom photos taken for specific clients were ever found. She was sure most still existed but were likely kept in private collections. Most of those photos she was hopeful she would never see again. They were the part of that time in her life she wanted to forget.
When photos were found, regardless of which photos they were, instead of reminding her of what almost happened to her, she was always reminded of the two men who had saved her life. One of those men she thought she had known, but she had always known there had never been a true love between them. The other had been so much different. He had been a real man and a true gentleman. He could have easily taken advantage of her, but instead he had been the kindest and most considerate man she had ever met. He was the type of man she hoped one day she would find and be able to give herself to. In her mind he was the kind of man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with.
She was in a mournful mood and her mother asked her what was wrong. When she explained her feelings her mother said, "It is your life to live, and I'm sure you will figure out what it is that will make you happy. Sometimes life's most important decisions begin with a small act. Whomever he may be, you will instinctively know it when you find your Prince. When that does happen, be careful to not let him slip through your fingers. You don't necessarily need a man to have a happy life; but if you are fortunate enough to find the right one who does... Well, Honey you know the rest. Once you figure all this out, I'm confident you will know exactly what you need to do. "
In the days that followed Nikki was sure the man she thought about each and every day was the one man who would be able to fill that hole in her heart. She wasn't sure why it had taken her so long to see this. He had not only been an incredibly lover, he was the man she had never dared to dream existed. He was the one man who hadn't taken advantage of her when she had been the most vulnerable, but when she had been ready he had been everything she could have hoped for, and then some.
She realized as each day passed, it was another day she could never get back. It was also one more day of her life without Jack. With her mother's words echoing in her ears she knew it was time to act. She decided she didn't want to live with any further regrets and had to at least let Jack know she was his, If he still wanted her. Taking out a piece of paper and with a pen she began writing. "Dear Jack..."
THE END