The heatwave was killer. It was all I could do to plop down in front of my computer and zone out while the deluge of sweat worked to transform my tank top into cling wrap. The drenched cloth stuck to my boobs and glued my back and ass to the fake leather of my desk chair. A box fan was running directly at me, but all that whirring and spinning did little more than swirl the humid atmosphere around the room. The window was cracked wide, but there was no breeze to cool my skin. I felt like a melting popsicle.
I lounged glossy-eyed before the monitor. I attempted to start up a game, but I just stared at the start menu. My exhaustion quickly got the best of me, and I ended up just scrolling between Discord, Reddit, and Instagram. It was the afternoon, I was still unemployed, and there was simply nothing else to get done. Well, I did think of one thing to do. The social media slump eventually gave way to porn browsing, and my body finally decided that I had found an activity worth expending energy on.
Getting the engines started took a little extra effort under that blanket of heat. The usual slew of erotic gifs wasn't exciting me, so I applied a little elbow grease. I slipped my hand down past the waistband of my panties and began to play with my lips, pulling them apart and rubbing my palm over my vulva. I periodically toyed with my clit and relaxed a while with the pleasure of feeling myself. The oppressive heat was too much to start any real action, so I lounged and browsed. I stumbled upon a video of a chiseled man slow fucking a girl missionary, and that kept me pleasantly occupied. It was enough to get the juices flowing, not that I needed the lube with all that sweat.
I actually did manage to relax despite the temperature. With the window cracked wide and the fan blasting me, the water on my body began to cool a little. My tank top was a wet blanket at that point, so I slipped it off over my head and my bare skin sunk into my chair. My sweaty tits glistened like two Hershey kisses on my chest, melting. My nipples were semi hard from passive arousal, and I liked how perky they made my breasts look. My neighbor evidently liked them too.
I saw him out of the corner of my eye as I tipped my chair back to continue playing with myself. The house next door had a window parallel to my own, and the neighbor boy, home from college, was kneeling on his bed and pumping his cock beneath his pajama bottoms in plain view. His thick brown hair was cropped short and he boasted a sharp chin line. A large t-shirt concealed a physique that was well maintained. I could imagine the solid abs tensing up under there. His green eyes strained on me with intense concentration as he fumbled beneath his pants. Pants? The fucker had air conditioning! I wasn't sure if he was cute or weird, but he was a lucky bastard to have air conditioning and a woman to stare at on a day like today.
Despite my jealousy, the thought of putting on a show for the neighbor boy got me horny as hell. I could practically feel like pussy pull open as it began to lubricate itself. My whole crotch got hot with excitement and my clit stiffened and tingled. I rocked my hips against my hand, but I didn't indulge right away. I didn't let on that I saw the neighbor either. I kept my head straight and caught furtive side glances as I toyed with my lips some more. I didn't want to scare the guy away.
In a matter of minutes, my clit was practically screaming to be rubbed. The couple in my porn video was fucking hard and fast now, the man bulldozing the tiny women beneath him as he pumped to orgasm. The porn was playing on my second monitor. It was angled slightly toward me, so I knew my neighbor could see what I was watching. He had slowed down too, perhaps to save his pajama bottoms from becoming a cum stained mess. He jerked himself slowly and deliberately, I could see the slow pitching of his crotch fabric.
If I were a braver woman, I might have called him over and had him fuck me right there. My whole body flushed with excitement, and all my blood seemed to pool in my groin. My lips were puffy and tender and open for business. My juices oozed freely and dripped down my ass as I lay far back in my chair. I would have liked to go over to his room and bask in the cold air while he pounded me to his heart's content. I wanted something inside me so bad. My will finally broke and I slipped my panties to my ankles. I began to rub my clit with abandon.
When he saw me give in to my urges, my neighbor couldn't contain himself either. His stiff cock popped right out of his pants as he worked himself into a frenzy of pumping. Precum flowed freely and lubricated his rod as he jerked himself off to the sight of my naked, fevered body. My nipples stood at attention and my right breast swayed wildly as I rubbed my clit. At last, I swung the chair around and stood up, hand still working between my legs, and faced the window. His face froze in shock, but he was too far gone to stop his cock. His hand continued to pump as he stared in fear as my eyes locked with his. Right hand never leaving my pussy, I winked at him and gave a little thumbs up with my left. I promptly spun around, bent forward, and pushed my ass up against the cool glass of my window.
My neighbor threw his head back and I could practically hear his moan. I watched from over my shoulder as I went wild. I thrusted my ass against the humid window and my pussy kissed the glass over and over again. The glass dripped with fresh pussy juice as I humped. Meanwhile at the front, I continued to finger my clit, stimulating my pussy with rapid, circular jabs. I was gonna cum. The sight of my big ass fucking the windowpane was too much for the boy. His penis stuck straight out and jerked a few times in his hand. Finally, spurt after spurt of hot cum shot out of his stiff rod and splattered the window. I came with him, pressing my soft ass against the window and bucking against my own hand. A torrent of my juices washed down the window.
My neighbor felt sheepish. He quickly closed his shutter to hide himself, leaving the dripping cum in plain view of the sky. I settled back into my chair, exhausted but intensely satisfied, and booted up Guilty Gear.
It took a few more sessions, but the guy eventually let me chill in his room while his folks were out. The sex was always hot and quick, but I couldn't complain. His air conditioner was more than worth it, and I liked his cock too.