The sun rises over the mountains in the east. Warm sunbeams shine through the windows of the Royal Palace of Enonum.
In one of the many rooms, lies the Princess Caroline. As soon as the rays of the sun touch her fair, rosy skin, she awakens. Opening her bright-blue eyes, she quickly arises from her bed and goes towards her bathroom. She pours cold water into a basin and washes her face. After, she cleans her teeth and brushes her long light brunette hair, tying it into a tight, high bun.
Once done with her grooming, she puts on a tight and modest, black and white dress, covering her body, not revealing anything a proper lady would show. After getting dressed, Princess Caroline does some journaling and reviews her schedule for the day; she has just returned home yesterday, and wishes to get busy with her royal duties.
Her first duty of the day is to go to the royal office and review letters from foreign dignitaries and provide responses. Following that, she must greet visitors in the morning from ten to noon. Lunch is with the family and guests of the royal family, after which at one o'clock, there will be ceremonies for new knights and dames of the realm, which will last until three in the afternoon.
Without delay, Princess Caroline goes to the royal office and study to begin her work. She is the first to arrive at the office followed by her brother Prince Marius, her father King Carolus and her mother Queen Juno.
Prince Marius works hard and is rather joyful. Her father, the king, is calm and works. Queen Juno sits down next to Caroline. She is bitter and glares at her husband.
While they are working on the letters, Princess Caroline notices a letter addressed to the queen from a Doctor Bell. Just before Caroline can open it, her mother snatches the letter from her hand. Caroline looks at her mother's face; Queen Juno looks at the letter and her scowl turns to a sneer.
"What do you have there?" King Carolus asks.
"Oh, nothing." Queen Juno puts on a straight face and hides the letter.
After finishing their correspondences and lunch, the royal family begins the knighting and honor ceremony. There are several citizens being given honors. The first five recipients come and go with little controversy. However, the final two recipients really upset the queen.
They are Miss Isabella Wickham, the nanny and nurse to Marius and Caroline. Miss Wickham smiles warmly at Caroline as she receives her damehood from the king. Caroline smiles back. She and her brother love their dear nurse, who had raised them, with more love than for their bitter mother.
Isabella turns to Marius, who is standing beside Caroline, and winks and puckers her lips.
Caroline hears her mother's knuckles cracking and turns to see her mother glaring at the woman looking at Marius. King Carolus ignores the queen and announces the next and final honor recipient.
The final recipient is the notorious Contessa Adele Muzzi Di Ortensia. Caroline scuffs when the contessa struts over to receive her title. Instead of coming to the ceremony dressed like a proper lady, she is dressed like some male rogue, wearing pants and a button-down shirt of a military adventurer. Her black hair is short and tied behind in a short ponytail.
She comes bearing news of treasures she discovered in faraway lands and is received.
Queen Juno is furious. The contessa comes forward and receives not just a medal, but also a kiss on the lips from the king. This is intolerable for the queen and princess, who walk off the stage and leave the ceremony early.
Dinner, later that evening, was is short and awkward. Nobody speaks or even looks at one another. Caroline excuses herself from the table and heads to the fencing hall. Caroline enters the large hall, filled with training dummies, and proceeds to the changing room, where puts on her fencing uniform a black dress with a white jacket. It is a modest uniform fit for a proper princess.
Caroline draws her sword, and unleashes her rage upon the training dummies. As she is training, a young man, about Caroline's age, enters the fencing hall.
"Pardon me, miss." He blushes and smiles sheepishly.
"Oh." Caroline turns around, and looks at him. "Hello Timothy. What are you doing here, boy?"
"Sorry, Miss Caroline, I was just wondering if it is okay for me to clean in this room."
"Not right now, Timothy," Caroline responds. "I need some alone time."
"Yes, Your Majesty." He bows. "I'll be outside cleaning the halls, if you need anything."
Caroline turns around, and resumes attacking the training dummies.
Only a few minutes after Timothy leaves, the door opens again. Caroline turns around.
"You..." Caroline grits her teeth.
Standing in front of her, is Contessa Adele. She is wearing a black robe and accompanied by two bodyguards. On her right is a tall and muscular man with an olive-skinned complexion, to her left is a tall, strong-jawlined blonde woman.
"Hello, my dear Carrie." The contessa grins.
Princess Caroline's blood boils. "How dare you!" She huffs, "It is Princess Caroline."
"Ha." Contessa Adele scoffs. "Proud girl." She circles around Princess Caroline while her bodyguards stand by the door.
"You like to play with swords," Adele teases.
"I'll have you know," Princess Caroline raises her blade, "I was the captain of the girl's fencing team back at school."
"Hahaha," Adele laughs, and drops her robe. Caroline gasps at what she sees underneath the robes Adele is wearing pants. Not just any pants, but black leather pants that are tight around her legs; with a black leather-and-lace corset. On her feet, she wears black boots.
The Princess is flabbergasted by what she sees. "What on Earth are you wearing?!" she yells at the contessa.
The older woman smirks, and pulls out a rapier. "Why, my sweet little girl," she says in a mocking tone, "I simply came here to practice fencing."
"Well, you are not welcome here," Princess Caroline snaps at her.
"Carrie, Carrie." Adele shakes her head. "Tsk, tsk. You shouldn't be so rude and unwelcoming towards an elder."
"I am the Princess of Enonum!" Princess Caroline declares. "You are a guest from a lowly county in the south. You mustn't disrespect the royal house."
"I'll tell you what." Adele raises her blade to the breast of the princess. "Are you up for a challenge?"
"What sort of challenge?"
"A challenge that has a rather high wager." Adele grins wickedly. "Best me in a duel and I'll leave the palace never to return."
Princess Caroline perks up at this. "You will leave."
"Yes. I'll leave and never return to the soils of Enonum."
Princess Caroline is beaming with joy. However, she looks closely at Adele and her bodyguards, who stand by her and the door.
"What is the other side of the wager? What happens if you win?"
Adele grins like a hyena. "Oh. Yes. If I win..." Adele closes her eyes and her blood-red lips. "You will be..." Adele pauses. "My bitch."
"I beg your pardon." Princess Caroline's jaw drops. "I will never agree to that. A princess doesn't submit."
Adele smiles and shrugs her shoulders. "Very well then. I guess you will have to get used to seeing me around here... Carrie."
The Princess goes red in the face.
"Oh, what's the matter Carrie?" Adele makes a pouty face. "You don't like me being around the palace and calling you... Carrie?"
"I accept your challenge!!"
Adele grins and raises her blade to meet with Princess Caroline's blade.
"Engarde!" Princess Caroline shouts, and strikes first. She unleashes her wrath upon Contessa Adele. Adele blocks every single one of the Princess's attacks.
RRRIP
Caroline freezes in place. She stops to look at her right arm; her sleeve has a long tear from her shoulder to wrist.
"What?!" Caroline gasps, and looks at Adele.
The contessa just stands there. "One."
Caroline steadies herself and waits for Adele to make her move. Adele takes a few swings at her.
Caroline braces and parries the attacks. She falls back with Adele in pursuit of her. The princess effectively deflects and dodges the blade of Adele. Caroline goes on the counterattack, and gets dangerously close to hitting Adele.
Adele remains calm and shows no fear. She falls back and allows Caroline to attack while she parries each one. Caroline backs Adele against a wall. Adele's blade is raised leaving her torso completely exposed.
Princess Caroline grins fiendishly. She lunges at her exposed abdomen. Adele rolls out of the way and Caroline crushes into the wall. Her sword penetrates the wood.
RIPPP RRRIP
Adele strikes and tears open her left sleeve. Princess's Caroline's pale arms are exposed by her torn sleeves. Caroline pulls and pulls at her stuck sword; however, she is unable to remove it.
"You said you were the fencing team captain at your school," Adele mocks.
Caroline grits her teeth and shakes. She looks around the room and sees an extra blade across the room. She sees a vase beside her with flowers and soil. Caroline kneels as if she is ready to yield. Adele stands there, staring intently at her.
Caroline quickly grabs the vase and throws it at Adele.
SMASH
Adele deflects the vase and shatters it. Caroline wastes no time and dashes over at the spare sword.
"Trying to play dirty with me?" Adele pursues her.
RRRIP!
A sharp pain is felt across Caroline's backside. "AHHH!" Caroline yelps, as Adele prepares to strike at Caroline again.
Caroline reaches the other side of the room and takes hold of the blade. She deflects Adele's attack and counterattacks. Adele parries, and the contessa and princess circle each other. They hold their rapiers out and stare at each other. Caroline is dripping with sweat and her pale face is red and flushed.
Adele's face has some dirt on it, and has little sweat. Adele brushes the dirt off her cheek. She looks so fierce and beautiful.
Caroline waits for Adele to strike first. She is too tired to go on the offensive and every time she has attacked, she has been hit.
The stare-off between the two is long and intense. Sweat drips down Caroline's brow, as she waits for Adele to attack or expose a weakness she can exploit.
SWISH
Adele attacks. She unleashes an onslaught that Caroline struggles to defend. The princess parries Adele's attacks. Caroline is steadfast and resists. However, she begins to tire from the relentless attacks; her arms and joints ache and burn from exhaustion, her muscles are strained and tense.
Until at last, she can no longer take it.
Caroline slows down and Adele seizes the opportunity and disarms her.
Caroline stands there, exhausted, and staring dumbfounded. Adele sneers at her vanquished opponent. She takes her blade and slices at Caroline.
RRRIP RRRIP
The princess doesn't move. She feels the rapier glide quickly and gently over her skin.
RRRIP RRRIP
The blade goes up and down her body ripping through her clothes.
RRRIP RRRIP
Caroline's clothes are shredded and fall to the ground. She looks down at her exposed body. Most of her clothes and undergarments are gone except for some tattered rags that barely cover her breasts and loins.
"AHHHHH!" Caroline screams.
Adele throws Caroline to the floor; she lands with a hard thud.
"OWW!"
Adele mounts Caroline's chest and covers her mouth with her strong hand.
"Is everyone all right?" says a voice from outside.
Caroline hears footsteps coming toward them. "MPMMPHH!" Caroline tries to scream for help through Adele's hand.
The door opens, and in comes Timothy; He looks around the room, confused. Adele's bodyguards sneak around him and block the door. Timothy finally spots Princess Caroline on the ground, with Adele on top of her.
"My Lady Caroline!" the shocked servant boy yells. He covers his eyes and turns his head to save Caroline from humiliation.
"I'll go get..." He tries to run towards the door blindly, and runs into Adele's burly and bronzed male bodyguard. Timothy falls to the floor as if he hit a brick wall.
"Helga, lock the doors," Adele commands her blonde Teutonic bodyguard.
"Vincenzo, pick him up." The man lifts the young servant to his feet, holding his arms behind his back.
Timothy's eyes remain closed and his head turned.
"Open your eyes, boy," Adele commands.
Timothy shakes his head.
"Helga." Her bodyguard comes over to Timothy and elbows him in the ribs.
"Ahhh!" Timothy yells.
Helga grabs his face. She pries open his eyes and turns his head to face Adele and Caroline.
"This is required viewing, dear boy." Adele grins and stares deep into the servant boy's eyes.
Timothy struggles but Vincenzo and Helga are too much for his skinny body.
Adele looks down at Caroline. "You lost."
Caroline struggles.
SLAP SLAP
Adele strikes Caroline across the face. She grabs the princess's hair and loosens her tight bun. Caroline's long hair sprawls over the floor.
"You... are now... my bitch!" Adele laughs, and Caroline's heart pounds.
Adele backs up, and sits on Caroline's stomach. She removes the ragged undergarments that were covering her breasts. Caroline's perky tits are exposed to everyone watching. Timothy tries to force his eyes closed, but Helga forces him to gaze upon the princess's bare bosom.
"What pretty tits you have, bitch." Adele licks her lips and bends down to lick, kiss and suckle on Caroline's tits.
Caroline squirms and struggles, but Adele is quick to wrestle her to the ground. All the while, she is still able to suck on Caroline's tender nipples.
Timothy's face goes red and he wiggles around in Vincenzo's tight grip.
"What's the matter?" Adele looks up at Timothy. "Do you like tits?"
Timothy straightens his face, and shakes his head. Adele looks down at Timothy's groin which is beginning to swell.
"Don't think you can fool me, boy." She shakes her head and pulls down her corset to expose her own tits to Timothy.
"Now, Timothy. Do you like Caroline?"
Timothy goes as still as a statue. He remains silent.
"Lose his pants, Helga."
Her bodyguard lets go of Timothy's face and unbuttons his trousers. Helga pulls down his pants and undergarments. Timothy's cock springs out. The servant boy breaks out in a cold sweat, as his erect penis is exposed to everyone, including the princess.
"Let's see how you would like it, if I did this."
Adele begins to grope and fondle Caroline's breasts. Timothy tries to close his eyes, but Helga forces him to look. Timothy's cock twitches and shakes.
"I'm sorry, My Lady," Timothy cries.
Caroline feels incredible embarrassment. However, this humiliation and shame gives her a feeling of excitement an excitement that the princess tries to repress.
Adele stands up and above Caroline. She begins to unbuckle her leather trousers and slowly removes them, revealing her bare backside to the princess and the servant boy. Her rear is round and curvy; Adele's derriere and legs are also very tanned and appear to have seen plenty of sunlight. The hearts of Caroline and Timothy race. After taking an agonizingly long time to remove her pants, she throws them to the side and turns around to face the young lady and servant. The princess looks up to stare at Adele's cunt, it has a thin strip of hair above it. The older woman rubs her clit in front of her captives.
Timothy can't help but pant heavily. His eyes are red and teary from being forced to watch without being given the chance to so much as blink.
Adele slowly crouches down, her cunt getting closer and closer to Princess Caroline's face; until finally, the lips of her sex meet the lips of Caroline.
"Eat my cunt!" Adele shouts, as she pins Caroline's head into the floor with her cunt.
Caroline tries to resist; however, Adele is just too strong; her arms are pinned down by Adele's knees.
"Eat it, bitch! Eat out your mistress's cunt!"
After her futile resistance, Caroline eventually concedes. Using her tongue and lips, Caroline pleasures her mistress. She licks and kisses Adele's cunt; Adele moans and rubs herself while she does it.
As Caroline pleases her mistress, she begins to feel something she never thought she would feel she is enjoying the taste of her mistress's cunt. The same cunt her father fucks. Caroline indulges, in shameful pleasure.
Adele gets her knees off of Caroline's arms, lies beside her, and pulls down the rags covering the princess's loins. Then, Adele begins to finger Caroline's cunt; the princess's body shakes and lurches from the bursts of pleasure; Adele's fingers aggressively penetrate Caroline's virgin cunt.
Meanwhile, Timothy watches, and his body shivers, his hardened cock sticks out. The faithful servant boy feels incredible shame and arousal. His heart and soul just want to get out and save the princess her dignity. However, his body arches and wishes to join in the action; Timothy's balls are strained by painful arousal.
While the contessa fingers the princess, she leans forward, and locks lips with the princess; Adele's tongue forcefully enters Caroline's mouth. Instead of resisting, the princess yields, she lets Adele passionately make out with her. Adele stops fingering Caroline, and wraps her arms around the princess. Caroline embraces the domineering contessa.
"Mmmpphhhh," Caroline moans, as she submits to her mistress's deep kiss and embrace.
Timothy reluctantly watches. Carolina's moaning causes him to feel shameful enjoyment; his eyes burn and keep shedding tears; his cock is ready to burst. However, Timothy remains committed to his abstinence.
Adele and Caroline kiss passionately, until the contessa pulls away, lifting herself up and kneeling above Caroline. Adele lifts up one of the princess's legs and places it atop her shoulder. The contessa grinds her vulva against Caroline's.
"Ahhh!" Caroline yelps.
Adele saddles her sub's cunt and fucks her. The princess and contessa moan, as they scissor. Timothy is nearing his breaking point; he has been trapped here for what feels like an eternity.
Princess Caroline lies there, looking up at the contessa; pressure has been building in her cunt for so long; Adele's vigorous grinding is bringing her to the breaking point.
"AAHHHH!!" Juices spray from Adele's cunt; the contessa's ejaculation is massive, and drenches Caroline.
"Come for me, slut!"
"AAAAHHHHH!" Caroline howls. Her cunt erupts fluids over the contessa. Caroline's chest heaves, as she tries to catch her breath. Her body tickles, and her head is light like a feathery pillow; her face looks like that of a euphoric drunkard.
"Perfect," Adele purrs, as she looks over the degraded princess, proud of her work. She turns to look at the servant boy, being held captive by her guards. His face is red and sweaty. Teeth grinding against each other. The faithful servant held fast, his cock is still erect with no seed to be seen.
"Looks like we have a good little boy here," Adele taunts Timothy. She stands up and struts towards him. "So loyal and virtuous." She takes her two fingers and caresses Timothy's cock. "One of these days," she sneers, "you will break eventually."
She finds her sword on the floor, and picks it up. "Until then," she points the rapier towards Timothy, "you will tell no one what has happened here." The older woman holds her blade to the young servant's throat. "You wouldn't want to shame the princess now, would you?"
Timothy's face goes long. He nods obediently. The contessa's bodyguards let him go; he falls to the floor. Timothy quickly hides his massive erection, and limps out the door.
"Oh, his balls will ache tonight." The contessa grins, as the servant boy leaves. She looks down at the naked, drenched and degraded princess, sprawled upon the floor. Adele places her foot on Caroline's chest.
"Who is my bitch?" Adele asks.
"I am." Caroline responds.
"Tell me, Carrie, who is my bitch?" Adele asks again.
"I, Carrie... Am your bitch." Princess Carrie smiles at her mistress.
"Good girl." Adele smiles. "I'm going to put you to good use, my little whore."