The Lair of the Incubus Part 2:
Erica's Perspective:
Erica was quite pleased that she had got Mike to come to this place at all. She hadn't nagged him into coming to that place but she did manipulate him into doing it to a certain extent. She knew deep down that Mike didn't really want to be here.
She thought that Mike couldn't fail to see her flirting with other guys and that it was now going beyond flirting but he didn't physically or verbally react to any of it. Maybe if he had she wouldn't be doing this but that was lie she told herself. The truth was that she wanted to fuck Shee again and fuck other men. The fantasies weren't just filling her night dreams more and more they were filling her daydreams as well.
Erica could almost sense that Shee was getting closer and closer with each hour that passed. She had felt connected to Shee since she had sex with him. She now had to work on Mike some more to soften him up for letting her fuck Shee and fuck Shee as often as she wanted to fuck him. The closer she felt Shee was the more sexually agitated she got.
She had swum out to a small isle some 200 yards away so she could have her sexual fantasies about Shee and other guys in comparative privacy. She was self conscious then about Mike hearing any of them. She noted the standing stones there as being quite modern looking or so she thought and every one of them depicted a sexual scene.
Erica was moving round the stones and being tactile with the carvings depicting obvious sexual scenes when her reverie was disturbed by a voice that was now very familiar to her "I see you appreciating the work Erica. I carved those years ago now. Mike doesn't know I am here yet."
Erica sighed deeply "I felt your presence getting closer and closer He can't see us from here Shee. I need your cock in me again. I need to eat more of your cum as well. It is so much thicker, creamier and tastier than Mike's is to me right now."
Erica began to undo her bikini top and then the bottoms giving Shee wanton looks as she did so. She would then crawl to him on her hands and knees and gave him hungry looks as she did so before pulling down his bathing trunks. She would salaciously begin licking his balls and the shaft of his already rock hard dick.
Erica knew she was really good at giving head and not even Shee could resist her for long. Well she did have lots of oral practice on Mike because for years that was all she gave Mike. Shee would grunt and shoot a load into her mouth that she greedily swallowed but he had way more in the tank than Mike had or your average human male would have. Half of his load ended up on her face and also on her tits.
Shee would descend to his knees to lick up the excess cum off of Erica's face and tits. Erica thought it isn't something that Mike would do or at least felt certain that he wouldn't.
When Shee had finished cleaning her stroke grooming her with his ticklish raspish tongue he maneuvered her onto her back and spread her legs. She sighed "It feels like an eternity since you fucked me last Shee!"
Shee thrust into her hard and fast before another word escaped her mouth. She wrapped her thighs and legs around his hips and drew him into her as she tried to time her moves to his thrusts.
She gasped and panted and moaned intermittently and as quietly as she could "Oh god Shee it is heaven again, fuck me Shee, give it to me Shee, love me Shee, I love you, it is you I want!"
Erica was in turmoil as she half wanted to be caught by Mike right then but then her good side didn't want to hurt him and what she was doing physically, sexually and verbally was surely hurtful in the extreme.
Shee was driving her to several orgasms over the next hour and reducing her to a quivering wreck before he shot his seed into her. Erica could only gasp "God yes Shee, pump it into me, fuckin knock me up Shee! You have so much cum!"
Shee would withdraw from her even though his dick was still rock hard and grin down at her as he stood "You will have to pretend that you haven't seen me today! I have a proposition for Mike! One that I hope will let me fuck you often and without him going psycho on me! Give me an hour or so to put it to him! Keep him sweet as he might get moody about what I suggest. Your unconscious lust can only be truly satiated by me."
Mike's Reality:
Shee slipped away before Erica spotted him. I was beginning to think this holiday was now a very bad idea. I was going to have to tell Erica everything he told me and that wasn't something I was looking forward to.
When she had finished her swim she chirped "I went to that small isle and back again! There are Standing Stones on it with weird symbols and what looks like very sexual carvings on it. Somebody has planted plants around it and it seems to be cared for so it gets visitors quiet regularly."
I replied "It might be folks from the big house up there. We have been invited for supper at 5 o clock pussycat and to stay overnight if we want and enjoy a proper bed and some mod cons."
Erica gave me an inscrutable look and I laughed "Well they told us to take toothbrushes and so on. They didn't say anything about you cavorting about topless since they saw you through a telescope. I think one of them at least liked the view."
She didn't believe me at first and I shrugged "It beats cooking for ourselves and washing up afterwards as well."
She just smiled "I think I will have a rest and another fantasy. I think I will finish the one I started on the isle. I think there must be a proximity thing for you to see what I am fantasising about as you didn't say anything about it. It was quite dirty."
I shrugged "I didn't experience anything minx but I was distracted."
She just giggled as she teased me "I was having a really wicked fantasy about your mate Steve and you know what they say about his dick and that is that it is a porn class big one and that he knows how to use it. Well he did shag my three best mates didn't he? I heard every sordid detail from them."
I sighed "Do you have to have fantasies about him Erica?"
She just giggled "Yes well he is good looking and ripped like you and they say variety is the spice of life. I would be lying if I said I didn't fancy Steve and that he didn't get me wet you know where Mike and you know it. You are big on us being truthful with each other so I am just being honest with you."
I sighed "I guess if you know the sordid details of what he did with April, Fiona and Louise then and you know why Rog, Pete and Henry no longer speak to Steve and why your mates are presently man less. The boys found out didn't they."
She giggled "I am not letting them anywhere near you either since your dick has been getting bigger and thicker lately. I am not telling the sluts that either. Well you are now way bigger and thicker than Rog, Pete or Henry according to what the sluts have said to me. Steve should be doing porn with his dick according to what the sluts also claimed. Well those sluts watch porn."
I groaned "Does it have to be a fantasy about Steve though?"
Erica almost purred "It does Mike! I would be lying if I said he didn't turn me on and I said that already I think but it is just a fantasy."
I bit on my thoughts because I knew it wasn't just any old fantasy any longer. The fantasies took on a darker more menacing ambience now with the presence of Shee in our lives.
She would strip off and lie on the blanket in the tent and slip her fingers between her legs. She was looking at me with her eyes wide open when she did so.
Her chest heaved as she took a deep breath "When you get jealous your dick gets really hard doesn't it Mike? When I got jealous of Rachel my pussy got really wet. I got jealous of that girl Caroline that you seemed to like and I got jealous of that Jane who had bigger tits than me. I think that Caroline had bigger tits as well.
I guess if you can get jealous then it is okay that I get jealous as well. I don't think I would like it if you were totally indifferent to me liking or fancying other men. I don't think I would like it if you were totally indifferent to me fucking other men Mike. I like it when you get a little bit jealous.
I think it is okay that you like and fancy other chicks. I think it is okay if you have fantasies about fucking them Mike. You can feel and see my fantasies so I think it is only fair if I can feel and see yours Mike. I bet you have them but you lock them out from me."
I don't think I wanted her seeing some of the fantasies that I had in the past. She closed her eyes and sighed as her fingers began to work her pussy and clit.
She moaned "Oh Steve fuck that's a big fat cock you have. Fuck me Steve. Fuck me hard with it. Oh fuck yes Stevie fuck your cock is so big and so hard in me. Oh God Cum in me Stevie. Knock me up Steve! Oh yes Steve, that's it, give it to me Steve."
I could see her fantasy and I didn't really need her to give me a running commentary as well. I thought shit I was getting rock hard again to her having a fantasy about one of my mates. She was bent over the kitchen table with her legs spread in this fantasy. She would have a very loud and very intense orgasm to it as well.
When she blinked open her yes she saw the tent pole in my shorts and giggled "Gosh Mike that got you turned on. I better measure it whilst I am still having dirty thoughts about Steve."
She giggled as she dug out her tape measure and peeled down my shorts "Fuck Mike is that what me fantasising about fucking Steve does to you!"
She measured my dick and giggled "Wow! Fuck it is even bigger and thicker! What are you eating Mike? Holy smoke it is now 7 and one quarter inches long by 6 inches in circumference. That is now way above average going by what I have read on the Net Mike.
Now it is your turn to tell me what your fantasies are or some of them. Oh and Steve fucked Louise over the kitchen table. That is just in case you were curious as to where that fantasy came from."
Erica giggled and gave me a coquettish look "I wouldn't mind Steve taking me over the kitchen table."
It didn't come as any great surprise to her that I sort of fancied her mates. She was a bit more shocked that I had a hard on for her baby sister though and I had to defend my corner "Heck she is a legal age now Erica. Lorna wears even less than you do now not that I am complaining about what you wear now. She is also precocious and she has a hot body like you and she knows it. Oh and she fancies me as well. That doesn't escape your eyes does it?"
I noted the dark looks she gave me and sighed "Well you wanted me to tell you. Oh and me and Steve are like mates since we were 4 years old and you fancy him so I fancy your sister and I wont lie about it. Get her to wear some bloody clothes then if it peeves you."
She was a little peeved and I had to lick her out as she got wet at the idea of me fucking her mates and even her sister.
After I had provided Erica with the fantasy of me cumming on her sisters face and tits and in her hair she gave me a cheeky look "It would serve her right if you did for her wearing those cropped tops she wears and those short tight shorts she is always in and as for those mini skirts that are nothing more than belts she also wears around you!"
I laughed "Oooh meow kitty that might be the cattiest thing I have ever heard you say!"
She gave me a cheeky look "She can fancy whoever she wants to but not you. You will tell her to stop fancying you Mike."
I laughed "I don't think that will work Erica as it wouldn't work on you if you were told not to fancy Steve would it?"
I got a cheeky look again "It probably wouldn't and besides my fantasy about him fucking little moi over your kitchen table gave you a right stiffy so why would I stop fancying him as it gets you hard and almost vertical rock hard at that."
I laughed "Well me making a total mess of you baby sister well it does also seem to get your juices going. It seems that you can tune into my thoughts as well when you want to. What goes for Steve goes for your sister Lorna."
She pouted "I am definitely not inviting her to anywhere I might be with you then. Besides I will have to protect her from Steve as well."
I grinned "Pouting doesn't do anything for you; leave that up to the rest of the female species. Just tell her no to Steve, your mates could have told him no and kept them crossed but they chose not to. You tell me no when you want so why can't they learn that art."
She flashed her eyes at me "Maybe when this holiday is over I can seduce Steve and have really dirty sex with him. Is that your cock twitching at that idea Mike?"
She had raised Steve as one of her fantasies again and I wasn't sure I liked that at all. Why did those bitches have to have sex with him and why did they have to tell her he had a mutant cock or that he was good in the sack. The bitches hadn't won any points from me for that. It was something I had forgotten about until Erica had that bloody fantasy about Steve.
It was a distraction from the questions I would also have to face later. I wondered if she knew and that I was the one being brought up to date with certain hard to believe in realities. She gave me that look that suggested she knew what I was thinking right then.
She gave me a cheeky look and giggled "So do you want to fantasize right now that I am Lorna and let me fantasize that you are Steve?"
The fantasy would introduce a new level of spontaneity into our sex as it was easy to imagine her sister as they were physically similar in height and looks but nothing alike in terms of character or personality or interests and Erica had the bigger tits. Erica was on fire imaging that I was Steve. We shared many physical attributes as in height; looks and physique but he obviously had the bigger cock.
Erica would lose herself momentarily as she straddled me and impaled her soaking pussy on my dick and I though bareback at fuckin last. She would suddenly realise what she was doing after sliding up and down on my naked cock several times as I watched her tits jiggle with her fucking motion. I was doing my best to count sheep at that second in time and not cum in her too fast.
The sheep counting eventually lost out to the wanton looks she gave me and her jiggling tits that she toyed with as she rode my naked dick. She teased me "Fuck I love your big naked cock in me Steve. It is so big and thick and filling me up. Fuck me Steve. Drill your dick deep into me as far as it will go and shoot all your cum in me."
I was going to blow my load in her and I think she sensed it as she skipped off my cock when it dawned on her what she was doing but she stayed in the fantasy role as she giggled "That might have got dangerous mister. You don't get to breed little Lorna Stevie. Not even if she wants to be a baby factory."
She would manoeuvre into the 69 position to give me head and she obviously needed my tongue. Her pussy had a definite slat taste to it that time. We would satisfy each other for the moment before going for a swim.
She would tell me later "They say size doesn't matter. I think it does. I like your new bigger thicker dick Mike. I feel fuller and it grates my clit more when we are fucking. I also liked the fantasy. I almost let you cum in me. You might also be getting quite sneaky Mike."
I laughed "It was you that wanted that fantasy Erica!"
She gave me a wicked look "So how many sheep did you get up to?"
I sighed "I lost count after 60 when I lost focus."
She gave me an impish look "I liked the feel of your naked cock in me. I thought about letting you spurt your cum into me but that would be dangerous though as we both come from big families and so we are likely fertile. Well it might also have been that it is way bigger and thicker now than before we went on holiday.
You would have cum in me as well if I let you wouldn't you Mike?"
I let out a deep breath "I think every hetero male I know would cum in you as it is pure heaven between your legs. There isn't any man that would pull out once he was there Erica. It wouldn't matter what position you were doing it in either. Having your pussy massage my naked dick was just an indescribable feeling."
She gave me an impish loo again "It was just as well I was on top then and not on my back. I wouldn't have been able to escape your dick spurting cum into me well I suppose you were fantasising about Lorna and spurting your cum into her."
I sighed "I was counting sheep by then or trying to and I had my eyes shut so I wouldn't have to see your tits jiggling or you toying with them lasciviously or see the wanton looks you were giving me with your eyes."
She giggled "I might have still been fantasising about Steve shooting his cum into me and knocking me up Mike. Although he might not be fertile as he didn't get any of the sluts pregnant and none of those slacks were on the pill either. It doesn't feel so sleazy if I am having fantasies about getting pregnant."
I laughed "Your fantasies are way more hard core than mine minx."
I got a dangerous challenging look from her "Yeah but they really turn you on don't they Mike. They turn you on as much as they turn me on if not more so. What would they do to you and well to us actually if we played them out for real Mike? Would the reality live up to the fantasy or be even better? There is only one way to find out. You could watch me fuck other guys! I could watch you fucking other chicks."
There was a dance in her eyes as she concluded what she was saying. It had been my idea to get her to lighten up on this holiday and be more relaxed about sex and sexual issues but she was going way beyond that boundary in that she was now daring me to let her fuck other guys and even my best mate of that I had no doubt.
The flirting with other blokes had been a precursor to what she had increasingly going on in her own mind or an outward expression of it. My gut was telling me that she would accept Shee's proposition regardless of how I felt about it. She had already crossed a sexual Rubicon in her own mind way before I had.
I was about to find out that once the female of the species crossed the sexual Rubicon that they were every bit the capricious creatures as claimed by many authors down through the ages of our species. Erica would be no exception to that observation of those that went before us.
On the way to the castle stroke house later in the day Erica smiled at me "Shee is there isn't he? It was him that you were talking to when I went for a swim wasn't it?"
I shrugged "I expected you would figure it out since you came here hoping to run into him again! There is no point in denying it!"
She played the coquette "You seem to be very calm about me seeing him again and what I might do with him Mike. He excites me sexually. I mean really excites me. I want to fuck him Mike. Shit I don't believe I said that!"
I sighed "I figured you might."
Erica gave me a look "You are pretty relaxed about what I just said Mike."
I shrugged "He might have a proposition for you that you might not like but then again you might. You already fantasised in part about the proposition he might have for you, well us I suppose. This has been one weird holiday and it might just get weirder. I brought the bong and the weed just in case he doesn't have either. Well they were his in the first place."
Erica was pretty restrained when she ran into Shee. I doubt she would be so restrained if I wasn't there. He would give us a short tour of the house and told us we could use one of the guest double bedrooms for the night. We noted he had a cook or at least the house came with a cook and other staff. They all addressed him as young Master Shee.
The maid Mairi was a babe and she gave me the dreamy bedroom eyes. That got a defensive reaction from Erica. Shee laughed "Mairi is like that. She is more than a maid though. She is actually my half sister. It can get pretty boring living and working here as there usually aren't many guests. She doesn't like the marina set any more than you do Mike. It doesn't cost her anything for a roof over her head here though."
Mairi would join us when we ate and she wouldn't tear her eyes from me. Erica got even more defensive for some reason. When Mairi dressed casually she dressed pretty much like Erica did. I thought Shee was toying with both of us via Mairi. I had no doubt that this was his game.
Mairi would compliment Erica in a round about way "Mike is a really good looking man Erica. He obviously works out as he is fit looking with it as well. He is an upgrade on the men that usually appear here or Shee tends becomes acquainted with. Our uncles tend to drag back unfit and less than easy on the eye old men as well you are a lucky girl Erica.
The last three couples Shee made friends with well the men weren't easy on the eye either and I very much doubt if any of them had exercised at any point in their lives. It is one reason I don't like the marina set and that is most of them are unfit arrogant tossers. The ones with any muscles also tend to be pumped up on steroids and well virtually impotent as a result.
I bet the muscle on Mike is all real just like it is on Shee. They are strutting peacocks the pair of them."
She had Erica giggling by that point but then the wine on offer was kicking in and so was the weed since the bong was getting passed around after the meal. The small part would continue outside as it was another balmy night. Shee would get a fire going for us to sit at.
Erica would further relax when Mairi disappeared or at least made her self scarce on some unseen signal from Shee. It was only then that Erica asked Shee about the proposition that I had mentioned. She looked genuinely shocked when he began his recounting of it for her and her face blushed several times. She would give me several astonished looks.
When he had finished he grinned at her "You can sleep on it Erica!"
He got up and grinned "I am having an early one. I find the fresh warm air and the weed make me sleepy. I would lock your door tonight as Mairi will jump on Mike's dick whether you are there or not Erica. She fancies Mike if that isn't obvious already."
She would make a pass at Erica right in front of me and she returned the kiss with interest. I thought I saw him gloating as he broke the clinch. His hands lingering on her ass as he did so. Erica gave me a coquettish look.
Seducers:
Erica's Perspective:
She had heard Shee's proposition. Yes she wanted to fuck him and often but the proposition to breed her well that she hadn't expected or even wanted particularly. Why hadn't Mike decked him for even suggesting it? Did Mike even understand the full implications of what Shee was proposing?
Shee had clearly told Mike what he was going to propose and Mike hadn't said anything to her about it and well Shee was still standing with his balls intact to her surprise. Mike's temper hadn't flared at all to her surprise.
Erica had glanced at Mike's crotch several times and the thought of it being smaller was maybe too much to decline Shee's proposition. Why didn't Mike object to the proposition?
There was the financial inducement as well. The fact that she could also control her fertility and be STD free were also strong pros in accepting Shee proposition but he would pretty much possess her in one way or another and Mike would surely never go for that.
She didn't know why she was having this internal debate with herself as she had already decided to accept Shee's proposition whatever and cuckold Mike in the worst way possible but having a child to Shee at some unspecified date in the future.
The only real question for her now was how to soothe and seduce Mike into accepting the situation as well. She would have to be diplomatic, sly and manipulative as much as possible without being too blatant about her lust for Shee. Could she also use Mairi to finesse Mike as well?
It had surprised her when Mike didn't react to Shee making a pass at her and she returned that kiss with interest. Mike hadn't reacted not even when Shee groped her ass as she didn't do anything to remove his hands. She knew that deep down Mike was seething and she would have to calm him.
Mike's Reality
When Shee had retired for the night Erica turned to me "I uhmm don't know what to say to that. He doesn't just want to fuck me he wants to knock me up 4 years or so in the future. You knew and you didn't say anything Mike?"
I shrugged "Would you have believed me? It had to come from his lips and in his own words. I think that is why he is throwing his half sister Mairi at me as some kind of theoretical compensation for me letting him fuck you and then knocking you up 4 years down the road. She could almost be a double for you. I think the only real difference between the two of you is your tits are bigger."
She bit her lip "Are you sure his sister isn't the female equivalent of what he claims to be Mike?"
I laughed "You mean a succubus well I don't know, she could be. I don't know what to believe but I know this, my effin dick is bigger and thicker just to add to the weirdness of what is going on here."
She gave me a shy look "You didn't accept or decline his offer then?"
I sighed "I didn't figure it was for me alone to accept or decline anything Erica. We would be in this together however it plays out. I have no doubt he can do what he says he can."
She gave me another look "You fancy Mairi as well don't you? I think you might be right about her being the sacrificial lamb in this as well."
I laughed "I don't think there is anything sacrificial about Mairi. Yes I do fancy her as I said she could almost be a double for you and I don't think that is any accident or coincidence either. I think she is here to distract me and to act as a bribe.
Well you have had fantasies about him and I think he knows that as well. I think he can read your mind every bit as much as I can or so it seems. I wonder if he imprinted those thoughts on both of us in the first place. Well he is letting us sleep on it but I wonder as to how much free will we actually have in what is happening. I want to leave this place but I can't seem to tear either of us a way from it."
She played the coquette again "Well I embraced the fantasies. Why don't we embrace his offer as well? I like that you have a bigger thicker dick Mike. It isn't too big for me either I don't think. I like the idea that we will be a couple for the rest of our days as well whatever. I like the idea that no other slut can steal you away from me, not even Lorna. I don't believe I am saying all this."
I sighed "We can sleep on it. It is one thing to fuck him and maybe fuck him regularly but it is another to get knocked up by him Erica."
She giggled nervously "I uhmm had fantasies about getting knocked up by other guys and they made you really hard Mike. But I will sleep on it if sleep is possible at all now."
Well sleep wasn't really possible for her as she fantasised or dreamed about Shee fucking her and Erica became totally wanton in those dreams. He would then breed her at her insistence as well. I had a raging boner the whole time even at the thought of her being knocked up by another guy.
If I didn't know what she was going to do before then I knew now. She would give me guilty looks in the morning. I could shut out my fantasies and thoughts from her but she couldn't shut out hers from me and I don't think she wanted to either, maybe she could but she didn't want to that night. She wanted me to see them all in glorious Technicolor as well.
When I went to tell her to reject the offer she gave me a coquettish look "I really want to accept his offer. I would rather do this with you than without you Mike. I don't want to be on my own. His proposition excites me and turns me on Mike.
There is also a signal here now. Rachel has texted me. She just said that she has split from Josh because he didn't want to go in the direction she wanted to go in. I think we know what that is don't we Mike.
Rachel and Josh got the same offer we got. She is going to accept it, Josh isn't. She says his dick is shrinking back to the size it was before already. She says now he has regrets but it is too late to change his mind. It was a one time offer. She is going to be alone. I don't want to be alone."
I think she knew I didn't really like the drift of the chat we were having or more to the point not actually having since I thought Erica had pretty much already made up her mind to accept Shee's offer. She would give me guilty looks as we made our way to the breakfast table downstairs in the house.
When we sat at the breakfast table we were joined by another female who could have been a double for Erica's younger sister Lorna. I no longer believed in happenstance or coincidence when it came to Shee. Shee introduced her as his daughter Irini.
Erica just about choked on her coffee "But you don't look old enough to be her father. She looks the same age as me if not younger."
Irini laughed "He is my blood daddy. I will swear it on whatever you want."
Erica coughed and spluttered again when Irini asked "Can I have sex with Mike? He is yummy!"
Erica gave me a look as Mairi hissed "Leave him alone Irini I saw him first!"
Shee sighed "That is enough from you two already. I wont have you two scratching over a man again."
He smiled as he turned to Erica "Yes she is my daughter and she obviously fancies Mike and there isn't anything I can do to stop her fancying who she wants to fancy. That is her prerogative."
Erica had me coughing and spluttering on my coffee next "They can both have sex with him if that is what Mike wants; well he fancies both of them. Well Mairi looks a bit like me and Irini looks a bit like my younger sister Lorna and he fancies her give him a boner rotten. Well I am going to have sex with you Shee and a lot of sex with you so it is only fair if he has sex as well."
Erica turned to me "I am going to accept his offer Mike. I think we are both getting something out of this arrangement. You might be getting the better part of it as she is a virgin and I am not."
Irini giggled "Thank you Erica. I am still a virgin Mike will be my first."
I coughed and spluttered on my coffee again and not just at what Erica was deciding between her self and the minxes but at the idea Irini was still a virgin. I thought Erica is making decisions for me now. I thought Shee knows how to apply pressure as well. He got to the men through the chicks in most but not all cases. Erica had accepted his proposition and was good at applying her on pressure on me.
The threat was implicit from Erica and she might not have said it blatantly but the almost silent threat was there. The threat was that if you don't let me do this then I will leave you Mike.
Shee just shrugged "Irini is a free agent when it comes to who she wants sexually. She wouldn't listen if I told her no either. None of my daughters would as they are wilful. She is a free agent when it comes to deciding who she wants to breed with as well.
She likes to inflict herself on me every summer for a couple of weeks at least to my annoyance. She does it again at what normal average mortals regard as Xmas and New Year. She isn't the only one of my daughters to do so. I am a lot older than I look. She might be one my younger daughters!"
Erica would give me a guilty look "Mike uhmm are you really okay with me fucking Shee? I promise not to get mad or jealous if you fuck Mairi and Irini even if Irini looks a bit like Lorna. Well as long as you don't get mad or jealous about me fucking Shee."
I felt like I was getting played and played from 4 different directions. Mairi and Irini gave me expectant looks. Irini giggled "She is being very generous Mike. I don't think I would be so generous if you were my man. Mairi definitely wouldn't."
I sighed "Are you sure about this Erica? There is no going back ever if we accept his offer!"
She chewed her lower lip and then replied "I am not sure about anything Mike, not anymore. I am sure about this though and that is that my pussy is well soaking for him. I want to fuck him. Oh and stop pretending you don't want to fuck Irini or Mairi because I know you do. I see the way you look at them but are trying not to.
You want to be the stud as much as I want to be a slut now. I have also been getting randier with each day that passes. We might as well be honest about it Mike. I think you would be a good dad as well. I don't think we are going to get such a good offer again are we?"
Erica it seemed was making my mind up for me since I was dithering and buttering me up at the same time. Irini was a loose canon in the process as well as she giggled "It is only fair that I get knocked up by Mike daddy since you are going to knock up Erica eventually and he will as he is very fertile.
Well I would rather he knock me up first than my ugly old grand uncles who all want to knock me up. I see the way they look at me! It is just that I have been illegal to them until this summer. The dirty randy old buggers invited me to their various HQs and it wasn't to offer me a job either. Mike will give me a beautiful baby and you a beautiful grandchild."
Mairi giggled "She has you there brother!"
Shee grimaced "I knew I should have packed both of you up the road. Okay so I am getting hoisted by my own petard. But you should better by now than to trifle with me minxes."
I was sitting half paralyzed with indecision when Shee stood grinning. Erica would stand and take his hand before giving me a nervous look as she bit her lower lip. She knew how to apologise with just her eyes. She couldn't totally hide her excitement and anticipation at getting fucked by him though. I could detect that she was really turned on by him. He would lead her outside.
Mairi smiled "He will not take her yet. He will play her to his schedule. She wants romanced and chased well doesn't she? She doesn't want to be seen as just an object of sexual desire or to be viewed as somewhere for him to park his dick for a night or two or three. He can read her mind after all. He wants to seduce her as well and make her his totally. It is what he does or tries to do.
He isn't you though as he has none of the human emotions and feelings for her that you posses Mike and he never will. He is a sex demon with a big thick dick and he cums lots and he is nothing more or less than that. We however need to drink and feed on emotions as well though and not just all of your cum. We are as neurotic as pure human girls. He will take his time over her and savor her and she will insist on it. Erica wants the emotional attachment to him that she has with you. She wont admit to it but we are all the same that way.
I am a succubus well half one since my mother was human. Irini is the same but she might have the stronger succubus strain as her mother is half succubus. Yes we can be incestuous. Irini just hasn't met any of her half brothers yet and if she did she would be dropping them and spreading them in a flash Mike."
Irini hissed "I would not. I am not a slut like you auntie!"
Mairi just laughed "Think what you will imp but you aren't any different than the rest of us! I bet he has incubus or succubus blood in his ancestry and that explains why we want to jump his bones and how Shee can use his powers to give him a bigger and thicker dick to a point."
I swore to myself as I had them on either side of me and both of them stroking my thighs and biceps simultaneously. The boner I had in my pants already would have been obvious to them if they looked.
Irini giggled "Mikes dick is really hard already auntie. I think Shee and Erica are kissing already and the hands are wandering since Mike is tuned into Erica. She is turned on already. I can sniff her want. I can almost taste her sexual need; she isn't repressing any of it."
Mairi laughed "I think it is your own need and wants that you sniff and taste girl."
Irini smiled "Maybe he would like to follow them since he might be a voyeur. Erica might be an exhibitionist deep down and would like an audience."
Mairi laughed "He doesn't need to follow them to know and to see what they are doing niece! He just needs to use his mind to know and to see. What are they doing now right this second Mike?"
I sighed "There is a lot of kissing and hand wandering. Erica is really turned on. He has broken the clinch to lead her into what looks like a greenhouse."
Irini laughed "It is where he grows his demon weed! He also knows every plant in there and he has something of a bit of the green fingers about him. She will be impressed with his botanical knowledge Mike."
Mairi smiled "He will want her of her own free will. He has probably cheated up to now as he is pheromones plus in relation to mere mortal males. It will be intoxicating to her as it is to us. He also has mental powers that he could use but he won't want to use them. He thinks he can win her without using them.
He will seek to seduce and conquer her without using his powers or washing her with those pheromones. He would think of that as cheating. He gets a kick out of seducing and conquering girls without using his powers or illustrating that he has a big thick beautiful cock. It is not just that she is as sexy as hell in his eyes it is also that he likes the teasing dance she does. She does that dance very well. I think she has probably been doing it unconsciously since she first met him."
I sighed as the minxes stroked my inner thighs and biceps "We didn't stand a chance did we? Well Erica at least didn't stand a chance."
They both giggled and Mairi smiled "You probably didn't. We are like addictive narcotics to the average human male or female. Josh doesn't know what he is missing. Oh yes we knew about him as well just as we knew about the other males. His cock didn't grow as big or as thick as yours did. We are fickle, we are the capricious sex.
Rachel was already wandering before they met Shee. Well she had two timed Josh before they met you. We know these things. It is what we are tuned into in a way that Shee isn't. We preferred you to him anyway, Josh that is. We preferred you to all of them actually. We already told you why. Josh and the rest didn't get to meet us. We avoided them.
We know what Shee is up to and where at all times though well pretty much we do, we don't get to see him fucking as it seems you do through your minds eye. He won't fuck her in the greenhouse though. That isn't his style."
They were right about that as he put green and red flowers in her hair to match her long wavy red locks. I could easily envision her giving him adoring but shy looks. She did her coquettes dance with him without missing a step. Well she had plenty of practice doing that with me.
Irini poked me "We want to watch them as we get emotional energy and not just sexual energy from watching him with other girls and even psychic energy from watching as well. We get a lot of that coming off of you when you think about him fucking her. We would get even more energy if you were watching in reality and not just remotely viewing."
I sighed "There is more kissing and hand wandering going on. It would say that things are getting steamy in that greenhouse and no pun intended."
The two of them would take turns sucking the breath from me as I received kisses that were possibly the equal to those being exchanged in the greenhouse. Irini sighed after she let me up for air "He doesn't have bad breath either. I suppose that lunkheaded Shee actually listened to you this time auntie."
The kissing and hand wandering seemed to be going in parallel with what was also happening in the greenhouse. Mairi laughed "We better let him breathe for a little bit before we kill him and if that happens then you will remain a virgin girl, well until our filthy depraved male kin get their mitts on you."
Irini laughed "You have no idea just how butt or back of the horse ugly some of our male kin are Mike. Well they don't need looks when they have pheromones plus or those powers of seduction they have oh and of course they are all loaded. They are gold digger traps. That is too funny. Shee is the only good looking one really.
You wouldn't believe some of the butt ugly blokes attached to girls that Shee has seduced either."
I laughed "I saw some of them on the 'we hate Shee' Net site so I might actually believe you about that. Most guys actually find good looking girls intimidating and thus the girls will sort of accept the first bloke with the guts to ask them out. The world is fucked up. I was the first bloke that ever asked Erica out, I couldn't believe that at the time."
Mairi sighed "Ah emotional content and energy now this is what we want or some of what we want. Let's follow and watch Shee and Erica."
We would follow Shee and Erica from the greenhouse to some statues in the garden. Mairi laughed "The statues were done by his mother I think. He will now show her his studio and his sculptures, etching and other artwork just to show her he is more than a cock and a chiselled sculpture himself.
He wants to show her that he is also quite talented and that he is worthy of her giving him a child. He also wants to show her that any son or daughter to her will be more than just beautiful but will also be talented. He probably inherited his art from his mother and definitely not his father."
The kissing became less intense and less passionate between them but if anything it became gentler and more loving as his tour continued. What I saw of his artwork was annoyingly good. I had zero artistic ability in me. I couldn't sculpt or paint to save myself. Erica was the kind of girl that would go to galleries.
It would be shortly after they left his studio that she sank to her knees in front of him and undid his trousers and begun to give him a blow job, when she had stopped silently swearing that was. That seemed to act as a cue for Mairi and Irini to do the same to me. If this was a bribe to let him have Erica then it was some bribe.
I could see from where I stood that Shee had a bigger and thicker dick even with the fact my dick had grown significantly since the beginning of the holiday. Erica just began to utterly worship it. She knew I was watching and gave me a look that was lascivious and licentious in equal measure.
Between what I was witnessing and what Mairi and Irini were doing to me I wasn't going to last long. Mairi would sense I was about to cum and enveloped my dick with her mouth and swallowed every drop of my cum without spilling a drop. Despite almost buckling at my knees Irini would take over from her. She wanted to keep me hard.
Having Irini lick and suck my dick whilst Erica gave Shee head kept me rock hard. Irini would eventually make me cum as well and I would collapse onto my haunches as my legs turned to jelly after she had sucked the last drop down her throat. By that point I assumed Erica had blown Shee as she was on her back with her legs akimbo as he licked her out. I had been focused on the head Irini had been giving me.
Mairi glinted at me "He gives mind blowing cunny Mike. Erica is a lucky slut today. He doesn't always go down on us. He doesn't usually go down on them the first day."
The two vixens expected me to reciprocate and lick them out. I thought I might just die from exhaustion before this day was out. I was getting double teamed by them. It would distract me from what was happening a few short yards away. I could hear Erica moaning for him not to stop and I knew that she wanted fucked right then and there but he would only lick her out.
When I had worked my tongue on both Mairi and Irini well Erica and Shee had finished their oral session long before. Mairi just sighed "You are not bad for an inexperienced mortal human male Mike. I bet you can guess where they are now as well."
I sighed as I tried to compose myself "I see lots of books and a few computers."
She smiled "Oh now he is really showing off for her. He is showing her that he is also a savant. His IQ is off the scale really compared to humans. He is fluent in 30 plus languages. He is good with his tongue in another way.
He is also showing her that he has no less than 5 university degrees. He isn't just a pretty face. She will be impressed. He isn't even using any of his powers on her or his pheromones."
I thought I felt I was a fairly talented sort of bloke but he made me feel and look small in the scheme of things. I wondered if that was his purpose, to make me look and feel small in her yes.
Irini just laughed "I know what you are thinking but don't let it get you down. He is pulling out all the stops to capture her Mike. You have your own talents that he can't match. He can't give me a baby but you can. He can't give Mairi one either but you can. You have a capacity to love that he can't match either.
You have emotional and psychic content that he is devoid of totally and will never have. Erica loves you even if she has a funny way of showing it right now. When he has finished fucking her she will be as guilty as hell about it and the emotional content spilling from her guilt will be delicious for us."
Mairi smiled "He won't fuck her in his study stroke library either. He has other things to try and impress her with. You haven't seen the half of it yet."