Introducing Shannan
I awoke on that Wednesday morning feeling so sexy, I wondered if I was pregnant, just for a second, then I remembered that I was up to date on my injections, that I took every three month.
Movement at my leg reminded me that I had company in bed.
Someone's lips covered my mound, as their tongue split my vagina lips in a lustful plunge. I arched into him/her?
There was enough light coming through the blinds to see my lover, but not before my orgasm overtook my world for a brief time.
I almost rebound into a mini-quake, when she rose above the sheet, and I did not know her!
She got up and trailed her fingers across my body on the way to my kitchenette.
"You don't remember me do you Shylo," she asked, but her voice was light, and whimsical.
"It seems that my labia knows you better than I do," I responded.
"You met my Raybo at the Student Union, and you asked him home for some fun," she started to explain, "and he said yes, but he had to invite me."
"When I got here, you were just slipping into la-la land, after what Ray called 'epic sex'." she concluded.
"Cooper," she said and offered me her hand.
I shook her hand as the night's events filtered back into my sleepy head.
"I'm sorry Cooper, but I am just learning my limits when I combine booze and pot, with 'epic sex'," I returned.
Ray was a blonde haired man with a beard, and a fit body. He monitored the Student Commissary in the evenings. It was the kind of job that went to a student, so we flirted, while chatting about our majors.
When I asked him when he got off, he said he would have to invite his girlfriend. My mouth just gave the automatic answer.
"Your boyfriend left me sleeping in the wet spot!" I admonished her.
"I cleaned up most of it, when I saw that you were awake," she teased me, with her cheshire cat smile and a sweep of her tongue around her lips.
"Please return to my bed Cooper, I want to get to know you better." I asked, formally.
By the time Ray got back to pick up Cooper, we knew each other a lot better, and we had exchanged numbers, for a possible double date this Thursday. I sent out a message to Kirk, expecting him to be my date.
Kirk was a big computer Geek, whom I wouldn't even know, if he hadn't spent a few hundred hours going over video files of me being raped by 6 men. I gave him and his buddies a reward for their efforts, but Kirk remained a special friend, with benefits. I counted myself lucky to have found him. His talents were on my list for my friends to have.
I loved keeping a stable of friends that could cook like a real chief and sew like a born designer, and compute like Steve Jobs and protect people like Bruno, and the list goes on. I had my eyes open for a good Lawyer too, but they would have to be good, and they would have to know all about sex related law. I liked to trade favors, for other people's talents, but it was best to be their friend first.
I was taking one post grad class, with only 12 students, the class was Legal Sex and Psychology. The Associate Professor that taught that class, was on my radar for future hookups, but I had to be completely professional while I was his student.
I'm sure that he was 40ish, and he had a bushy beard that was coming in grey, and he didn't trim it out.
I happened to see him on a basketball court, as a 'skin', and his skin looked like something I wanted to run my hands over. I already knew he had a keen mind, and I saw his eyes pause when he first saw me... The anticipation was making me hot, even though I might not even get a chance to fuck him for months!
Professor Jack Moor was such a hottie, that I might need those months to seduce him. That would not be strictly 'ethical', but I could just say it was nature!
"Did you know there are things that I would love to do to your body, that are illegal in 9 states, Miss Morra?" Professor Moor announced to the room while looking right at me! He held my gaze for a lifetime - 5 seconds maybe.
"I could also have anal sex with you Mr. Henderson, in all states since 2013," he continued while swivelling his head towards my classmate. "...but not if you were between the age of 18 and 21". "Those men can't legally have anal sex at all in 11 of these free United States of America," he concluded.
I had to wonder if Keith Henderson's nips hardened when Jack was talking to him?
Tonight was opening night for our water show, so I had to go in early for an introduction to the new equipment.
Shannon insisted on a total revamp, when she returned from their tour of the Strip Clubs that had shower features.
I had a special gift planned for tonight's events,
Our new plumbing featured a 6 foot waterfall, two water spouts, and a laser/light music show, which all revolved around the cleanest and sexiest young ladies on the coast!
A new addition to our staff was a cute little Cuban immigrant, he was a specialist in audio/laser, and he was learning the use of computer driven 3D imaging on smoke and water.
Capa was a second generation sound tec. His dad worked for studios in Miami, so Capa learned the business from the science side, and the art from his dad's side.
Now he was putting images on smoke and water!
I could tell that he was in heaven, surrounded by tits, he made a living doing what he loved to do, with sound and images and sexual imagery on sexy women! It's like a pornographic dream, where only your imagination can limit you.
Capa's mama was a stripper in Miami, and Carol was an old friend. Capa's mom insisted that Capa live with Carol for at least a year.
We watched a demonstration, as Sharon stripped on the main stage. Images started to appear on her thigh, like fingers, or tongues lapping at her labia. Sharon could not even see the images. But to us, she was being fondled.
Capa could present these images in 3d effect, on either smoke or water, so a fog engulfed the stage, and Capa made love to Sharon, with his computer driven models.
Capa worked from Colon's old perch. He was also the mouthpiece now, as Colon took over more management work. He had a console in front of him that held a dozen screens, only one was more than 8 inches across, and it had the music list that was queued and the points when Colon's voice would announce prices, and specials and upcoming events.
Almost as busy as Capa, Bruno would be using his com's to stay in contact with as many as 12 hand picked security people. One of his guys had an ipad with which he scanned the security cameras, but Bruno was the type to want the feel and the pulse of the crowd, or the room.
We all shifted to the new shower viewing area.
The showers were surrounded on three sides, and one viewing area also had exposure to the changing rooms.
To keep the dancers and the customers safer, there was no way to go from the viewing side, to the showers or dressing room, without going through a locked stage door.
There was no smoke in the showers, only steam would obscure your view. A steady stream of dry air over the windows kept them from fogging.
Three visiting strippers were dancing in the waterfall, with lights playing on them.
I decided to try The Gusher. I positioned myself above the pipes, and signalled for Capa to run a program.
The music and lights came on, and the gusher started to rise to my waiting pussy. I could not see the imaging, but I knew that Capa had an image of a hard cock on the column of water, disappearing into me.
While others imagined I was being fucked, I got to feel the movement of the warm flood waters, as it gave me a gentle penetration.
Built in safeties kept the pressure from hurting anyone.
This one would be a big draw, as the patron can control just how the flood is affecting his dancer, and a good entertainer might 'simulate' an orgasm, or, at least extreme sexual excitement.
We were packed for the grand opener. It was by invitation only, and our regulars got the first tickets. Bruno was at the entrance, to let anyone we missed in, but otherwise there should be no lineups.
Patrons were rotated into the Emerald Room and the Shower View Saloon.
The ladies in the shower were electronically tipped, and even paid for a dance or a shower routine.
Sharon opened on our stage, with a light show, and a lot of swirling, to show her pole talents. The artificial smoke kept the entire room a bit gloomy, but soon Sharon's body was being pestered by dildo's and doves and butterflies were buzzing around her well lit tasty spots.
All through the night the dancers were cycled through the showers, with an extended stay above 'The Gusher'.
When it was my turn, I leaned back to enjoy. The flood pushed into my pussy and the force rushed into me about 2 inches. The bubbles and agitation played a spirited game on my clitorus and labia.
I started flexing my tits, and twirling my nibs, while Capa played a tune on my clit. Not enough to get me off, but more than enough to let me know that a good time could be had by all!
In the meantime, the light being transferred to the column of water made it look like I was being fucked with a giant black cock out of nowhere.
Soon, we had patrons handling the water jets, and they seemed to really like the added games.
At Nine O'clock Kirk showed up with my special guest. Sid dropped in from time to time, but it was always early. This was a special occasion though, and he had a pass from the Senior Home, and a few bucks in his pocket.
Bruno knew they were coming, and they got straight in, and back to the new viewing room.
I danced for Sid personally, and he was enthusiastic about every inch of my skin that I showed him. Nearly every other dancer paid him tribute, as the founder.
When I had my shower, I asked Capa to show Sid how the flood mech worked, and he gave the controller to Sid, for a test run.
The orgasm that I demonstrated was perhaps a bit faked, but that will always be part of the shower game.
"This is going to put us on the map Shylo," Sid proclaimed with pride.
Ben's sister was here too, having arranged some vacation time to coincide with the Grand Reopening. Her practice was very popular in Southern California. Her husband was a popular 'tit' man, while June did muscle restructuring, to improve things under the skin.
Saggy tits often do not need augmentation, just support, and June helped by shortening ligaments, and tightening muscle, so that butt cheeks and breasts could be persuaded to hang in a more youthful, toned way.
She was quite good looking herself.
"Hi, I'm Shylo," I introduced myself to June at my first opportunity.
"Oh, I just knew it," June proclaimed, "Ben told me about your interview, and it was priceless," she laughed so easily.
"Can I get some free advice," I asked, knowing it was a cliche.
"Well, you will just have to dance for me Shylo," she concluded, invitingly.
I did my full bit for her, jiggling my tits and rolling my nibbs. Then I bent over and looked at her from between my legs, wondering how much of this was for her professional inspection, and how much she wanted to enjoy my body.
She did not touch me, but I couldn't help but feel like she wanted to! The married little sister of my boss, was giving me a mind fuck!
Shannon and Carol joined June at her table, which took away from our moment.
"This is a 'very bad girl' June," Carol informed her, "she is a natural stripper though," she finished as I felt pride in her assessment.
"Well, I'll be giving her a list of strengthening exercises to do, to keep her that way," June explained using her 'Dr.' voice. "...but she won't be needing any work from me for a decade if she takes her fitness seriously."
The partying went on until well past closing.
Detective Abrams showed up around 3:30 to pick up Carol. The Detective looked so good in his custom suits. No bouncer compared to him, at 6ft 5 and perhaps 250 pounds. Carol whispered in his ear, then he watched as she stripped for him, then went for her own cool down.
I hadn't had a stitch on, since midnight, but it was warm and fun, and magical. The bouncers had gently and safely removed the last of our patrons. Bruno and Jimmy were both out with cars, taking home our most faithful customers that needed transport.
Kirk had returned Sid to his room by midnight, and returned with his warmest thanks.
Kirk spent a lot of time with Capa, talking about the programming and the hardware, so I let him play with me on The Gusher for a while too.
The hot water finally started to run out, and our energy with it.
Simone and Gina and two other waitresses joined us in the showers too, so I warned everyone about the penetrating and very personal nature of The Gusher, but everyone gave it a try, while Capa played giant dongs pushing up into everyone.
Simone gave her keys to Kirk, and enjoyed herself, knowing that Kirk was a non drinker. She was going home with Gina tonight though, so Kirk was going to have to make do with little old me!
It was nearly 5 in the morning. I was having a strong hit on a joint outside my dorm, while Kirk stood guard.
"Kirk, I often think about the gangbang, and the very thought of it makes me very horny," I admitted.
"Me too," he confessed in regard to his intense scrutiny of the video.
"I have some cuffs and rope, would you reenact it for me?" I asked.
"Wow," he gushed, "I sure would!"
Without a further word, we returned to my bed. I stripped, while Kirk watched, then I pulled out some long handcuffs and a thick rope.
I grabbed a cushion from the couch and put it on the bed, then lay on my stomach, with the cushion under my abdomen, keeping me in the doggy position. Kirk put the handcuffs through the bed rail and snapped them onto my wrists. Then, with my instructions, he bound my one knee, looped the rope under the bed to my other knee, and secured it.
The lights were left on, while he mounted me from behind.
First he made sure that I was wet.
Check.
Then he pressed into me, with his massive cock.
One of Kirks strong points was his nine inch tool. The width left me gasping if he was too fast, and sometimes when he was too slow.
He was steady though, and that kept me from cumming too fast.
The slow grind let me remember back to the faces that watched as I was fucked, by 6 men.
Soon, the slapping of Kirks balls on my clit completed the picture enough for me to fall into my fist orgasm.
All of the teasing that the waterplay had started, came crashing out in a loud moan of pleasure from me, and Kirk was close behind, emptying his balls of their burden, deep inside of me.
"Flip me please." I begged, with faltering breath.
Kirk undid the knee rope, and I flipped, while pushing out the cushion.
Kirk needed a few minutes to recover, and he wasn't the 'small talk' kind of guy, so he made himself useful retying my knees, to push my love nest into the center stage of my bed.
He didn't need long.
Kirk did not ask, he just took me, this time staring into my eyes when he wasn't sucking on a nipple.
He really took his time now, but his cock just kept getting stiffer and stiffer, until he was ramming me hard. He was staring into my eyes, but I only saw eyes behind a skull mask. He was breathing hard, and slamming into me, almost like he was trying to cum before someone stopped him.
My second orgasm was more intense, as I visualized the kid hammering away with his big cock.
After our reenactment I held Kirk and apologized for using him. He not only said it was okay, I really believed that he understood my need, and he wanted to help me, safely place it in my memory banks, in a way that I could better deal with it.
Of course I wasn't looking forward to telling my therapist about this one!
Saturday was the Public Grand Opening.
I had never seen so many women in the club! Every table was packed, and there were at least 2 women at every table. The secret here was our policy of not making the women wait. So the men in line quickly learned to bring a date, or a sister, or an escort of any description to get them priority seating.
Some of these patrons were aware that we allow woman more touching when we dance, so I shouldn't have been surprised to find that the men were having us dance for their female friends, who were then encouraged to 'be friendly' with us!
To tell you the truth, I loved it. Women are lustful creatures, so they sometimes touched me because they love it, and sometimes because they want it for themselves. Either reason was good enough to make me wet!
Two intimate dances for some handsy women, and I had to go for a shower!
First I dropped in on our starry eyed deejay.
Capa had everything going like a well greased machine, so I slipped in close to the small man.
"I'm going to have a shower Capa, because I'm so hot and wet," I whispered in his ear.
He turned, and I felt his hand on my thigh, but I did not move, as he tiptoed his fingers up my damp leg, then stepped right into my soggy puss.
I was shocked, but kept my cool.
"Give me something to show our guests," I told him, then turned for the showers.
I had two patrons for my shower dance. One controlled the graphics of the cock fucking me, and the other had the pulse of the flood that penetrated me.
Between the two, I felt thoroughly fucked, and they paid me with tips, near a hundred dollars!
The house took 20% on a set like that, so I was still doing very well.
One problem with so many women, was that there would always be 5% that wanted to strip or shower themselves.
We had never worried about that in the Emerald Lounge, but we tried to keep it from the main room, where the city officials might become negatively involved.
Bruno had instructed all of his men to intervene in the main room, if a woman's participation was overtly sexual, and they did get involved numerous times that night.
The Emerald Room had always been different though, with bouncers only getting involved with men that went too far, but never with women.
In one case, a young stripper named Spark was dancing for a group of two women and two men, when the two women grabbed her, and held her, while the computer played a big pink dildo banging away on her pussy!
This was so graphic, that the two men grabbed their dates and pushed them down on their cocks, for oral gratification.
No stripper was touched by a man, but Carol had to call in the troops to squash the orgy. The two strippers just sat there and laughed, as the four horny partiers were escorted out.
Again we partied late, with extensions to last call, we were still peeling people out the back door at 4 in the morning.
The main owners group of Ben and Shannon left us to lock the place up, but I saw that June stayed back, to help Carol close.
Jimmy and Bruno drove the last 6 patrons home, while the rest of us enjoyed the showers.
I was splashing under the waterfall, watching Sharon and Pam smooch and fondle each other over "The Gusher" A four inch shaft of water covered both of their clit's, while they ground against each other. It was a three way, with Capa, and the girls.
June approached me. Naked and looking fine.
"You're a married woman June, so what are you doing in a place like this?" I queeried.
"Quintan is fucking a young girl tonight," and he knows that I will be fucking a young girl tonight too," she started, while looking me in the eye.
"We have a very open relationship," she concluded.
"When it comes to cocks, I only enjoy my husbands," she confided. "...but we both like pussy too, so we can fuck whomever we want, as long as it's only temporary, and discrete."
June had 15 years on me, but she was still gorgeous.
We played under the waterfall for a while, exploring each others lips, on both ends of our body.
"I hope you can spend some time with me tonight Shylo," June purred into my ear. "I have a double dilto in my room, and I'm dying to plunge one end into you, then the other end into me!" she informed me.
"Oh my!" I responded.