Mandy found herself with a month working on local services, well not so much as local but trains where the journey time was no more than two hours. These were the ones she didn't particularly like as the ability to meet other sexual partners was limited.
Today had been a long day and Mandy was now on her last trip of the evening. It was the last commuter/office worker train and was due to depart at 21.13. It was busy with people, in fact it was standing room only and Mandy knew that the first 4 stations were close together and many of the passengers would get off.
The train left on time and it was packed but everyone seemed in good spirits. When Mandy walked through the train she had her bum pinched on more than occasion. It made her smile and she was flattered.
As the stations came and went the train emptied. In fact after the fourth one Mandy was convinced that the train was in fact empty. She sat in one of the empty carriages and looked round. This train wasn't like the one on her last trip and there were no CCTV cameras. She looked up the carriage and no one was in sight.
The carriage was split into 3 sections a quarter at either end with rows of two seats arranged on either side with four rows and the middle half was an area of mixed pairs of seats and then 4 seats round a table. The carriage had doors on either side and these were by the quarter sections. The seats near the doors had a hard section with a glass panel to side of it and a pole to hang on to when leaving the train.
Mandy sat in one of the seats by the glass panel. Kicking her shoes off she then stood up. The train swayed as she looked out into the inky black darkness. Noticing her reflection in the glass she smiled and ran a hand over her boob. She slipped her black tights off and then slipped off the white thing she was wearing.
Sitting back down she had pulled her dress up slightly so that she was able to put one of her feet onto the hard section and one onto the glass panel. Had anyone been watching they would have seen her shaven pussy on show. The train hurtled on and passed through a number of stations where it wasn't due to stop. If anyone had been stood on the platforms they would have seen Mandy with her legs up.
She gently stroked her pussy, running her hand from the bottom to the top feeling her soft lips and rubbing on her clit.
Imagining someone was watching she pulled her pussy lips apart and sat there holding her lips open as if seeking approval. She then kept holding her lips open before lightly smacking her pussy with her fingers. She pushed herself back in the seat, arching her back as she pushed her fingers over her mound. Desperate to shove some fingers into her wet hole but holding back.
What Mandy hadn't seen was that the carriage wasn't empty. In the middle section was one very tired office worker. 25 year old Emily had been to her office party and had fallen asleep. If the truth had been told her stop was miles back down the line. She sat up, her black dress hiding her 34b boobs. Her high heeled court shoes had been kicked off earlier on the journey and were under the seat in front of her. She looked between the headrests of the seat and was confronted by the sight of the train manager playing with her self. Emily could feel her clit twitch as she watched and she ran a hand over her boobs.
Mandy pulled her lips open again, exposing her clit which was swollen and which needed to be touched and rubbed. She gently rubbed it, moaning at the same time.
Emily didn't know whether to get up or to sit and watch. For the time being she was transfixed by the sight of Mandy rubbing her pussy.
Mandy was rubbing her clit and pulling at her pussy lips. She was oblivious to the office worker voyeur she'd got. She closed her eyes and was now lost in the moment.
Emily had got up and standing in the aisle of the carriage she had undone her dress, taking it off to reveal a black thong and a black lacy bra. She thought Mandy might have heard her but Mandys eyes remained shut as she teased her pussy. Emily walked over and knelt down. She was almost face to face with Mandys wet hole.
Mandy slipped some fingers into her hole as Emily ran her fingers over the outside of her thong. She could feel her bud swelling.
Mandy kept rubbing as the train hurtled on and as she stuck some fingers inside her wet pussy she felt a hand on hers.
Shocked Mandy opened her eyes to see Emily kneeling in front of her.
"Where did you come from? I haven't heard anyone get on and I thought the train was empty."
"I'm sorry, I fell asleep and have only just woken up. I saw you enjoying yourself and thought I would come over."
"Right OK, well I'm not sure what you want."
Emily stood up and moved her head towards Mandy. She kissed her on the lips and ran her fingers over Mandys pussy. Emily kissed her again, this time pushing her tongue into Mandy's mouth. This was a first for Mandy but she wasn't going to complain about it. After all she wanted attention, male or female!
Emily knelt down and opened Mandy's legs. She started to kiss and lick Mandy's pussy. She used her tongue to lap at Mandy's pussy lips and then gently slid a finger in as she she licked Mandy's clit.
Mandy groaned with pleasure as Emily's finger was pushed in and out of her hole while Emily licked her clit.
"Why don't you sit in the seat while I tease you?"
Emily stood up and they swopped places. Mandy looked at Emily, she had a fab body. Her boobs weren't big but they were pert and Mandy wanted to see them. As Emily sat in the seat, Mandy tugged at the top of Emilys thong. Emily arched her back, lifting her bum up so that Mandy could remove the thong.
Mandy looked at the pussy in front of her. Shaven except for a small strip at the top.
She kissed the inside of Emilys thighs before running her tongue up and down Emilys pussy lips. She tasted so sweet. Mandy kissed Emilys clit and then sucked it into her mouth before moving her tongue back onto to licking and teasing Emily's pussy.
As Mandy licked her, Emily pulled her boobs out of her bra and pulled at her nipples while her hole was being teased and pleased. She then felt Mandy sliding two fingers into her and Emily could feel Mandy thrusting them into her hole as she moaned with pleasure.
Mandy was alternating between finger fucking and licking Emilys pussy. She wanted to make Emily cum and she was soon rewarded with hot, sweet juices on her face.
The automated station announcer on the train suddenly spoke and told them they were approaching the last station. Quickly they both got up and dressed.
Emily explained to Mandy that she had missed her stop.
"Don't worry about it, my car is at the station and I'll give you a lift home. You can make me a coffee and we can see what else the night has to offer. After all, we haven't finished yet have we?"
"No we haven't."
Mandy smiled, now where would her sexual journey take her.