Cate came charging energetically off the stage into the dressing room and directly into her husband's waiting arms.
"I can't believe I just did that! Oh my gawd, So thrilling! I don't think I've ever been this turned on! Ever! Did you see them, Tom!? Did you hear them!? I had them going crazy! I could make those men do anything I want right now! I can't wait to go out there and meet them. This is so fucking exciting!" Cate exclaimed breathlessly.
She was positively euphoric and her chest was heaving as she spoke. Enthusiasm radiated off her in waves and she was giddy with nervous energy. Her hands shook and her eyes were glazed with lust. And power.
"Oh baby, that was amazing," Tom said. "I can't believe you did it either. I never thought in a million years you'd go that far. It was fabulous and I loved it. And you're right. Those guys are all yours. You own those fuckers. That was just outrageous! I had my eye on Jason and I think he was about to jump on the stage and attack you."
Tom was so proud of her and was as excited as she was. "Are you ready to go out there and meet your new fans or do you need some time to come down?"
"No. I don't want to come down. I just want to cum! You've got to make me cum right now! Fuck, I'm almost there already. Trust me, it'll take no time at all. Shove your fingers in my pussy and suck my clit! Look how far it's poking out from my cunt. Oh fuck! Please, baby do me right here. Right now. I need it. I promise I'll suck your cock until you explode when we get back to the room but right now I need to cum before I decide to go out there and take on all those men," She said panting, absentmindedly capturing one of her big tits in her hand, squeezing it roughly, and pulling on her nipple until it stretched her boob out away from her chest.
'Well, we can't have that, baby. There's your reputation to think of," Tom said jokingly. "It would be tarnished forever in this town if you went out there and fucked all those guys. Besides, your boyfriend Jason would get super jealous."
He dropped to his knees and lifted one of her legs onto a chair to give his hungry mouth access to her drooling pussy. Clamping his lips over her enflamed pleasure centre, he rammed two fingers into her gaping hole and drilled them in and out, slamming them so forcefully against her puffy labia that he was afraid she might bruise.
Her slot welcomed the aggressive intrusion and gushed molten fluid as her clit was being assaulted by her husband's talented mouth and tongue. He could feel her beginning to tense up as she began her climb towards ecstasy.
"Yes! That's it! Just another minute!" She cried, shuddering. Her pussy was squelching and her body started to shake spastically. Her cunt muscles clamped around his fingers as her orgasm rippled through her. Her back arched as she pushed her pelvis hard against her husband's face and hand.
"Oh, my gawd! That's it! I'm there!" She cried, as she twisted her nipple ruthlessly. Her body heaved from the ferocity of her orgas, causing her to teeter on her heels and her legs to wobble.
"Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much, baby," she moaned as she came down from her violent climax. "Holy fuck I needed that!"
It was at that moment Jason walked into the room. He stopped dead in his tracks as he took in the spectacle before him. Cate's legs were still spread wide open, her hand clutching her boob, the fingers continuing to torture her engorged nipple. Her husband was still on his knees, two fingers buried in his wife's dripping wet snatch, his face glistening with her sweet, sticky juices.
"Oh. I'm sorry," he said, leering sleazily at Cate, and not really looking too sorry at all. "Please. Excuse me. I should have yelled or something."
"Or knocked," breathed Cate, making no move at all to cover her naked, spread-open form, even as it was being devoured by Jason's gaze.
"Fuck it. Let him look," she thought. "He's already seen everything there is to see."
"How convenient for you Jason. I never would have guessed that you were that much of a voyeur as well," she said a little testily.
Jason ogled her wide-eyed and took a little too long to finally say, "Again, I'm sorry. Please forgive the intrusion. I had no idea. I'll go back out there and wait for you. I hope that you are still coming back out to meet and mingle with the boys. They absolutely loved you as I'm sure you can tell. As did I, of course. Thank you so much for putting on such an amazing show and making it so special and unforgettable. You really went all out and I appreciate it." He then turned and went back out to join his colleagues.
By now Tom was off his knees and had wiped Cate's nectar from his face. "Go out there when you are ready and do your thing. Your fans await. I'm going to go retrieve the camera and pack up the rest of the gear. Then I'll come back here and start stowing everything away. What do you think you are going to wear?"
"I think the silver outfit might be the way to go. It's new and they haven't seen it. Those sparkly heels, high-cut boy shorts and shiny bra with the nude stay-ups." Cate said, looking over to the clothes rack that held her costumes.
"Uh-uh," Said Tom. "Here's my suggestion. I'd think you should wear the half-cup, black balconette bra, the open mesh thong, the black stay-ups with the seams, and your black heels. I'd love to see you in that and I'm sure they would too. Oh, and no pasties. Put the rings on your nipples."
"Wow. Are you sure baby?" said Cate, looking at him in disbelief. "I'll do it if you want me to. I'm so fucking turned on right now. My tits will be on a platter, totally on display. and my nips will be sticking straight out above the bra. Look at them. They're as hard as fucking bullets. You could hang a wet towel on them. And with those tight, little rubber rings around them, they're gonna stick out like pencil erasers.
"You know of course that the thong will not absorb any of my juices for long if things start flowing. The stuff could start running down my leg. Everyone will be able to see my puffy cunt lips through the mesh and my little pearl will probably be visible as well. She's sticking out like a little finger right now and I don't think she wants to retreat back under her hood," Cate said, giving it a little rub, while still tugging on her nipple. "I think I'm going to get groped when they get in close for pictures. It's bound to happen. It's crazy I know, but I'm totally fine with it. But I gotta know - are you fine with it too? Really? Are you sure, sure, sure that you are okay with this baby? You have to be certain. I know you think that you want this, and it maybe it figures powerfully into a fantasy of yours, but it's a big step for both of us. Consider the situation carefully. I don't want you to get jealous or freak out. This is a bell that cannot be unrung if I do this the way you want me to."
"No. I'm sure of it. Really. Don't worry about me. I'm going to love seeing you out there exposed like that. I can see how wound up you are and I'm absolutely thrilled to watch whatever happens. I'm positive. I'll go deal with the camera and whatever else there is. You take your time. Change into the lingerie and then go out there and soak up the attention and adulation. And try to fight off the straying hands. That could be a tall order, and you may not care to anyway. Honey, it's your body. You can do as little or as much as you want to. They are all salivating for you right now. You're a goddess and they all want a little piece of you. I get that. It'll be exciting for me to watch the feeding frenzy as they worship my gorgeous bombshell of a wife. They're going to be on you like a duck on a Junebug."
He kissed her lovingly, gave her a playful smack on the ass, and went out into the theatre as Cate went to get dressed to meet her fans.