Kenny said we would be doing another nude dare on Saturday, three days away. Again, he wouldn't tell me what it would be. That gave me three days to imagine all the scary situations he could cook up. But then Saturday turned out to be cloudy and cool, and he said we'd wait till the next day. Another night to lie awake with my imagination running wild. Sunday was sunny and bright with a nice light breeze. Kenny said it would be a perfect day to grab some sun at the lake, and I started to get an idea of the dare when he told me to wear my tiniest bikini, but make sure I had sunscreen on all over.
The place we go at the lake is a nice meadow that slopes gently down to the shore, with a gravel parking lot beside it, kind of like an unofficial park. It's a perfect hang out for the kids from campus. They go out there to lie in the sun, read, swim, throw a Frisbee, drink beer, smoke weed, whatever. Some local families use it, too, but only the more broad-minded, since the college kids tend to act like college kids. Still, I've never seen any outright nudity out there -- maybe a quick titty flash, but that's all. After the dares we had been doing, I didn't think Kenny was going to be satisfied with something like that. I guess I wouldn't have been, either.
I knew Kenny would challenge me. That's what made it exciting. In fact, the bikini he had me wear was a challenge in itself. It's mostly pink strings, with three little triangles of pink cloth to cover my nipples and pubic patch. Kenny bought it for me as a present, and I had always thought it was just for the two of us. I had never worn it out of the house. When Kenny said my tiniest bikini, I hadn't even thought of it, but that's the one he meant.
I had to shave down my fuzzy little pubic patch to keep it from showing around the bottom of that silly suit. When I tried it on and looked at myself in the mirror, I was scared. Could I really wear something like that in public? I might as well be nude.
Kenny let me wear a T-shirt cover up while we loaded the car. Maybe he didn't want to get the neighbors all excited, but I don't think it did any good. The T-shirt was even shorter than the sundress I'd worn for my first dare. With just that pink string running up my crack, I'm sure it looked like I was bottomless from behind. Oh well, the way I was feeling, the neighbors were just going to have to get used to it.
We set up our blanket about a hundred yards from the parking lot, and maybe about twenty yards from the water. There were probably about 50 or 60 people spread out over the meadow, mostly college kids. The only families were down at the other end. The nearest group of college boys was about ten yards away, three cute guys lying on lounge chairs, soaking up the sun. Kenny sat on a little folding chair and got out his book. I sat on the blanket and looked at him with nervous anticipation.
"Well, aren't you going to take off your cover and get some sun?" he asked.
"Okay."
I pulled the T-shirt over my head and felt my boobs shifting perilously under those tiny triangles of cloth. I didn't look over, but I could feel the boys' attention zero in on my nakedness. I quickly lay on my stomach, which hid my boobs, but exposed my backside. I had butterflies doing gymnastics in my stomach, but nothing happened. The boys nearby were probably keeping an eye on me, but they didn't move closer or anything like that. Nobody pointed or laughed or made any comments - at least none that I could hear. It was just another beautiful day at the lake. The gentle breeze and the bright sun felt heavenly on my skin, and after a few minutes, I began to relax.
Maybe Kenny sensed it, because he immediately poured a little gas on the fire. "It's a shame to let those strings make tan lines," he said. "Why don't you take off your top?"
"Kenny," I whined, but I didn't object when he undid the strings and slid the top out from under me. Now I was officially topless in public. It felt like some kind of milestone, and I realized that I would be passing a lot more of them as we experimented with these dares.
Actually, taking off the top made almost no difference, since my nipples stayed out of sight beneath me. Unless they saw him do it, I doubt if the boys could even tell that Kenny had taken away my top. After a few minutes I got used to it myself. The sun lulled me into semi-consciousness and I drowsily thought it would be nice to be an uninterrupted shade of brown from head to toe.
Of course, that wasn't quite what I was getting, as Kenny was quick to point out. "You know," he said, just as I was starting to get comfortable with the idea of lying out there topless, "those strings on the bottoms aren't hiding anything. They're just making lines on your beautiful butt. I think we should get rid of those, too."
"Kenny." This time my objection was a little more serious. It was one thing to be topless with my boobs hidden under me. Stark naked was something else.
But Kenny didn't seem to think so. He started fiddling with the strings where they were tied at my right hip. I felt them loosen. Then he fiddled at my left hip and those strings came untied. There was nothing left holding the bottoms on.
"Kenny, I ..."
He didn't seem to hear me. Suddenly I felt a sharp tug and the little triangle slipped through my legs. Another milestone.
"Aaii," I yelped. "Kenny."
I was nude in a public park. I felt completely helpless, exposed, humiliated. I felt a million things, and I couldn't seem to catch my breath. I squeezed my legs together and hugged the ground, taking comfort in the fact that it was only my backside that was displayed for all the world to see.
"There," Kenny said, satisfied. "Now you'll get a nice even tan."
He went back to his book, while I lay there in total panic. It was strange, I guess, but taking those skinny little strings off my buns and pulling that tiny triangle of cloth out from under me seemed to change everything. I'm sure I didn't look much different, laying there on my stomach without the bottoms, but I sure felt different. Again, nothing happened. No one reacted to my nudity, so I just lay there in a puddle of nerves, wondering what would happen. What if someone walked by? How would I ever get up? Would I have to wait for dark? What if I had to pee? I would burn if I lay there all day.
As if that wasn't enough, Kenny wasn't through tormenting me. "I'm getting kind of hot," he said. "Think I'll go for a dip. You want to come?"
"Kenny," I gasped. Had he lost his mind?
"No? Alright, but don't get overheated."
He got up chuckling at his little joke, the bastard, and then he left me there. And that terrified me even more. At least with a big guy next to me I felt a little protected. Now I was naked and alone in the middle of a crowd of strangers. I didn't even know what Kenny had done with my bikini. I couldn't imagine how this could get any worse, but it soon did.
I was trying to lie still to attract as little attention to my humiliating predicament as I could. But I had my sunglasses on and I discreetly scanned all the nearest blankets. It was obvious that some of the guys, and some of the girls too, had seen me, but they were all being cool about it, for which I will be eternally grateful. The problem was that our blanket was quite close to the path where people walked or jogged around the lake, and about a quarter of a mile down the path, I noticed a group of five young guys walking toward me. I prayed they would turn off somewhere before they got to me, but they didn't. They just kept coming. (I almost did, too.)
They were laughing and joking with each other, about 20 yards away, when one of them finally noticed me. "Whoa," he said loudly, stopping to stare. "Holy crap," another responded. I wanted to burrow into the ground, but instead, I had to lie there and let them inspect my naked backside. And still they kept coming closer. I pretended to sleep, but I probably wasn't very convincing with my legs locked tightly together and my arms held rigidly into my sides, hiding as much as I could. I felt so exposed, I must have blushed from my scalp right down to my rosy red buns.
They had moved to a point where I couldn't see them any more without turning my head and blowing my sleep cover. But I could hear everything they said. They were making juvenile jokes about my nudity. One of them said, "Man, she could really get a burn." A couple of them giggled nervously. "Maybe we should wake her up and remind her to turn over, you know, so she'll get an even tan." They liked that one even better.
I was getting angry that they wouldn't just move on and be cool like everyone else, but the nervousness in their voices gave me confidence. They were more intimidated than I was. Then too, I was shocked how much their crude talk stimulated me. I was almost unbearably aroused, and it showed me something about myself I hadn't fully realized until that moment. I loved that feeling, and no matter what kind of show I put on, I would always want more, more shows, more risk.
I told myself I was shooing them away, intimidating them with a little more show when I turned partially onto my side and stretched out an arm. To maintain my cover, I did it like I was shifting in my sleep. One side of my right breast was exposed, along with my naked buns, my clamped thighs and tightly clenched butt cheeks. Of course, it didn't shoo them away; it shut them up for a minute or so, but the main effect was to drive me even more mad with exhibition lust, which of course, was what it was really all about, anyway.
When the boys went silent, I thought maybe I had intimidated them, but then Kenny came back to the blanket and I knew the boys had probably seen him coming and gone on their way. That was confirmed when I heard their voices again from twenty yards on down the path. Then they were gone.
After all that fear and embarrassment, it was kind of crazy that I felt a little let down when Kenny tossed my shirt back to me, but I shrugged into it while lying on my face. It was awkward trying to put it on lying on my stomach, but when I did, I felt like I could finally sit up and look around, even turn over. As long as I didn't spread my legs the shirt would nominally cover me. Lying naked in front of those boys had been so intense, I couldn't believe I'd done it. Wearing the shirt gave me a moment to breathe, but I knew it wouldn't last and I didn't want it to. Pretty soon, Kenny would come up with something even more scary for my next show.
About a half hour later, he said it was time to go. He picked up the scraps of my bikini and stuffed them in the beach bag. It looked like a good sign, and I got excited thinking about walking back to the car with the bottom of the shirt fluttering unreliably over my naked ass and pussy.
We took the freeway, which meant Kenny had a free hand work me into a lather. By the time he pulled into the garage I was moaning and walking funny. We stumbled into the den and fucked on the couch, a very happy ending to our day at the lake.