This story has depictions of sexual activity between a husband and wife with some mild BDSM. If this offends or disturbs you, please do not read any further.
Otherwise, I hope you enjoy it.
*************************************
Jake takes a drink of his coffee and shuts down the tax program that he's been working on. Tax season has been over for a several months and work this time of year is slow. He had done a few audits earlier today and has a meeting with a business client tomorrow to go over revenue strategies. But today the calendar is almost empty.
Jake is a handsome man and rising in the accounting firm that he works for. He's tall, about 6 feet, with dark hair and an athletic build. The girls that work in the firm enjoy watching him and their hearts beat a little faster when he approaches them for some work-related conversation.
Standing up, he walks over to the window and looks out over the parking lot. The leaves on the trees are turning bright colors and the sky looks like it could rain any minute now. He stares out the window while his thoughts wander, touching on everything from wondering what his wife, Emily, is doing right now to wondering how long it will be until his next oil change is due.
Back at the computer, Jake types out the URL for one of his favorite "time wasting" websites, one that allows users to post on a variety of topics. It has a number of NSFW areas in which users can post stories and NSFW photos. He browses the typical categories that he normally looks at when all the work is caught up and there isn't much else to do: accounting, general questions, jokes, funny memes, etc.
Jake had never browsed a NSFW category while at work before, but he was bored and just a little bit horny. "Just a few minutes," he thought to himself as he clicked the category link.
Jake sorted the posts by "new" and began clicking on the links. "Titties for your enjoyment" said the first link. The photo of an attractive brunette with her bare tits suddenly filled his screen. B-cups, Jake guessed. Very nice, and a nice face to go with them.
Jake clicked several more links going well past the five minutes that he'd promised himself, his dick getting harder with each photo he looked at. "Sundress with no underwear" reads the next link, followed by "Help me get these pants off."
After scrolling through several pages of women in various stages of undress, Jake clicks on a link simply entitled "Good morning." The image on the screen was that of a very fit and very young (20s, Jake guessed) woman with nice breasts — at least C cups — and a tight tummy, all reflected in a bedroom mirror. "Very nice," he thought to himself. "I'd fuck her in a heartbeat."
Jake was just about to click on the "close" button when something caught his attention.
"Wait one god-damned fucking minute!" he thought to himself.
Jake scrutinized the picture closely. He clicked on the photo to blow it up on the screen. That mirror, that dresser looked very familiar. And so did that body. And so did the curtains reflected in the background. That was Jake's house! And that was Emily, Jake's wife! She was completely naked with her tits and pussy on display for all to see. Her face was cut off by the angle in which the picture was taken, but there was no mistaking who it was.
He looked at the user name of the poster. He then clicked the name and looked at the poster's history. At least three other photos were posted in that category. Jake's heart was racing as he brought up each photo that had been posted. There was no mistaking that Emily was the user posting selfies under that name.
Jake closed all the browser windows. What was going on? Why would his wife do this? Was she cheating on him? Was she unhappy in the marriage?
He sat alone with his thoughts for several minutes. He then cautiously opened the browser and logged onto the website, again. Needing to do more research, Jake began to go through every one of the user's posts. It didn't take long; there were only a handful of them. However, a picture began to emerge. It appeared that Emily had some kinks that she had never discussed with her husband. Exhibitionism was only the tip of the iceberg. She fantasized about being dominated, tied up, spanked, and a variety of other things.
The couple's sex life had been good — or so Jake believed — but he had to admit to himself that it was pretty vanilla. He initiated sex most of the time, but it was becoming routine. A little foreplay, then he'd go down on her for a while, then into one of only two or three positions they typically engaged in. They had never done much beyond that, and even that was becoming somewhat less frequent.
Furthermore, the marriage was beginning to become a little stale. They were going through the motions, but they weren't communicating. Jake realized this was not good.
What to do?
Jake was certain of a couple of things. 1. He loved his wife and didn't want to lose her. 2. Their sex life was becoming routine. And 3. they weren't talking.
It was time to change that.
But how?
Jake needed a plan. He needed to spice things up. And it needed to be spontaneous and creative.
*******************************
Jake looked up at the clock. It was only 3:30 in the afternoon, but he had decided that he'd leave work early. There was little left to do at the office, and he had some errands to run before going home.   "See you tomorrow, Sarah," he said as he walked by the office front desk.
"Heading out early?" Sarah responded.
"Yeah, I need to run some errands. Besides, things are a bit slow here today."
"Have a good evening, Jake."
Jake got into his car and pulled out of the parking lot. Instead of heading back to where his neighborhood was located, he went a different direction, going instead to a busy shopping area.
It was just shortly after 5:30 when the garage door went up and Jake pulled his car into the garage for the night. He got out of the car and went directly into the house without first grabbing the bags carrying the purchases he'd just made. Emily was in the kitchen getting a few things out of the refrigerator so that she could begin to make dinner.
"Hi, Em," Jake said giving her a kiss on the back of her neck.
"Hi Jake," Emily responded.
Jake froze for a moment and admired the beauty of his wife. She was of Eastern European decent, with some Italian and Greek heritage thrown in. He skin was Mediterranean Olive, her nose just a hint of a classic Greek and Italian hook. Her body was gorgeous, thin and curvy at the same time. He breasts were ample with no hint of sagging.
"Hey, can I talk to you a minute? I have something I want to ask you."   "Sure, Jake. What is it?" Emily was curious. Their communication hadn't been great lately, and it was unusual for Jake to want to sit down and talk about anything. This could be good or this could be bad.
"Let's go in here," he responded, motioning to the little office space off of the living room where they had their home computer set up.
Jake signed onto his user account and then clicked on the NSFW User Pictures category. He found the post that he saw earlier and clicked the link, bring up Emily's nude body in all of its glory.
Emily's face went white. She didn't move; she didn't say anything. Tears started to form in her eyes. She thought she had been discreet. She never thought Jake would find her little secret.
"It's our bedroom isn't it? That's you." His voice was stern and scolding, but he wasn't yelling, and he didn't seem particularly emotional. Just very matter-of-fact.
Emily froze for several more seconds, and then started "I'm ... I'm sorry..."
But Jake cut her off. "No! Don't say anything. Now, here's what's going to happen. You are going to pay the price for your indiscretion. I need to get some things out of my car. While I'm doing that, you will go into our bedroom; you will take all of your clothes off; then you will lie down on the bed, face down with your arms and legs outstretched. You will not speak until I have finished doing what I'm about to do. Do you understand?"
Emily started to object. "Jake, I'm ..."
But Jake was having none of it. "STOP! If you understand my instructions, please respond by saying 'Yes, Sir.'"
Emily was on the verge of collapsing in a ball of embarrassment and shame, but she managed a faint "Yes, Sir," and headed towards the bedroom.
Following her husband's instructions to a "T", Emily undressed and climbed onto the bed, positioning herself face-down with her arms and legs outstretched.
And she waited.
It was several minutes before Jake came into the bedroom, but it seemed like hours. Emily was scared, ashamed and a little bit cold. She was on the verge of tears and shaking and trembling with nervousness. She trusted her husband, but now she was — afraid.
Finally, Jake came into the room. Emily started to lift her head and look at him, but he didn't allow that. "Face down!" he said with authority. Emily began to sob.
Jake set two bags on the dresser on the other side of the room, reached into one bag and pulled out a blindfold — one of those blindfolds that people use to sleep with. He walked over to the bed, sat on the edge and waited.
It seemed like he sat there motionless for hours, but it was actually only a couple of minutes. Then Jake took the blindfold and put if over Emily's eyes, depriving her of every bit of light available to her in the room.
Walking back over to the dresser without saying a word, Jake kicked off his shoes and then began taking items out of the bags one by one. He would take out one item, then set it down with a thud; or a clank; or a jingle. He didn't explain what he was doing, but he was very slow and deliberate in doing it. He wanted Emily's senses to be heightened.
Once everything was laid out, he grabbed four pairs of handcuffs along with four short chains. One by one, Jake, handcuffed each of Emily's limbs — wrists and ankles — and then attached the chains and fastened the chains to the corners of the bed. The chains weren't tight, but there was only enough slack for her to move each limb an inch or so.
Then Jake took Emily's phone, turned on the camera and snapped several pictures of her. He walked around the room, looking at her from every angle, and every few seconds he would snap another shot.
The mild-mannered accountant then went back to the dresser, waits several seconds, then grabbed another item from the dresser. He looked at it, pleased with his choice, and then makes his way back over to the bed. He stood to the side of the bed and waited. Jake is in no hurry. He knows what's about to happen, and the waiting and the anticipation is part of the plan.
Finally, Emily could take the suspense any longer. "Jake, I ..."
*THWACK!!*
Jake brought the wooden paddle down hard on Emily's left ass cheek.
"Owwww!!" Emily started to protest. "Jake! What on earth ..."
*THWACK!!*
"Silence!" he advised. "This is your penance."
Emily understood.
*THWACK!!* The third smack was as hard as the first two. And it was followed be seven more. Jake had delivered a total of ten to her left cheek, slowly and deliberately, and he was sure she was counting.
He slowly walked around to the other side of the bed in order to get the angle just right. He waited a couple of minutes, and then ...
* THWACK!! *
He delivered a total of ten to the right side. Each smack on her ass was spaced evenly apart, coming about 20 seconds after the previous one.
Jake waited. One minute. Then two. And when he knew that Emily was certain the spanking was over, he delivered one more * THWACK!! * on the right side.
She let out a brief "yelp!" after the last one, but she didn't object.
Emily was slowly beginning to realize that her husband wasn't really angry with her. He wasn't going to leave her. And, in spite of what it looked like, he wasn't really trying to "hurt" her. This "punishment" was aimed at a different goal, altogether.
Once her ass was good and red, he grabbed her cell phone and began taking pictures of the "damage."
Jake went back over to the dresser. He put the paddle down, making just enough noise to make his wife jump a little bit. He picked up two more items and slowly made his way back over to the bed.
Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he began to run his fingers up and down Emily's legs. He was applying a very, very light touch; so light that she could barely feel his fingers at all. He started way down by her ankles where the handcuffs still held her in place and then slowly drew a crooked line all the way up her calf, all the way up her thigh and up to her now red ass cheek. Then he repeated the process on the other leg. He did this three more times, but each time as he approached her as, he pressed just a tiny bit more so that there was more sensation, and he moved a little closer to her anus when he reached to top.
He then placed one finger on her inner thigh about halfway between her crotch and her knee, and he slowly drew a line right up to her pussy lips. He lightly circled his fingers around the outside of her pussy lips several times, very slowly and deliberately. Then he spread them apart and stuck a finger in just barely. Just enough to know that she was getting wet.
This was turning Emily on more than either of them would have guessed.
Jake removed his finger and then picked up the two items that he brought over to the bed. He took the bottle of massage oil and poured a little bit into his palm and then began to rub his wife's ass with it. Nice circular motions, each motion moving a little closer to her brown starfish. And then, as he approached it, he withdrew his hand.
He then took the tube of lube and poured some right into her crack and let it run down to her anus. Then he took one finger and began to work the liquid into her tight little butthole.
Emily winced, but just a little. She seemed mildly uncomfortable, but not in pain. Perhaps more embarrassed and excited than anything. She let out a few little moans, but never objected.
Once her little hole was well lubed, Jake poured some of the lube on the butt plug that he had brought over to the bed with him. Slowly and patiently, Jake began to work the plug into Emily's virgin asshole.
As soon as it touched her, she yelped just a bit, and as it was being gently pushed inside of her Emily moaned.  She moaned with a mix of pleasure and — not really pain — but discomfort, and a pleasing type of pain that she had never really felt before.
Jake seated the plug into place and once it was there, he smacked Emily's ass one more time, this time with his bare hand. Once again, his wife let out a quick yelp. Then he stepped back and admired the work he had done; taking more photos for "documentation." He waited a few minutes before doing anything else, deciding instead to let her just think about what had happened and wonder what was coming next.
He slowly walked back over to the dresser, putting back the lube and grabbing a vibrator. For his wife's pleasure, he had purchased a small egg-shaped vibrator with a wire attached to a separate controller. Then he walked back over to the bed.
Jake bent over and lightly kissed his wife's neck. Then he began kissing down her back, occasionally just tonguing her skin. Once he reached the small of her back, he moved down and kissed the back of her knees and worked his way up, alternating between the right thigh and the left. Once near her butt, he tongued her crack.
Jake then picked up the vibrator and turned it to a low setting and slowly moved it next to his wife's pussy, gently touching the lips of her wet mound and moving it around in small circles. She was obviously getting turned on. He noticed her breaths getting deeper and her hips starting to grind and push towards his hands. The vibrator was getting damp with the juices that were oozing out of her pussy.   Jake reached in with his other hand and spread her lips apart and then placed the little vibrating egg directly on her clit. She responded with a gasp and then a sigh, trying to spread her legs farther apart and bending her knees as much as she could against the chains that held her in place. She was moaning now with almost every breath.
It seemed as if Emily was on the verge of having an orgasm when Jake pulled the little toy away from her. "No!" Emily started to object.
* SMACK!! *
Jake gave her a reminder with his bare hands on her ass about the rules for the evening.
Emily gave out a little yelp, once again, and then resigned herself to being Jake's little slave for the evening.
Jake walked back over to the dresser and began removing his clothing. Up to this point, he was still in the suit he wore to work. He carefully and quietly hung the suit up and removed his underwear and socks. Then he put on the final toy acquired from his earlier shopping experience: a vibrating cock ring.
Once he was completely naked (and fully erect, by the way), he went back over to where Emily was anxiously awaiting whatever was to come next. He removed the chain that held her right hand and moved it over to the left side. Then he removed the chain that held her left hand. For the moment, he allowed her left hand to move freely.
Once this was done, Jake removed the cuffs from Emily's ankles so that she could freely move her legs and feet. But then her moved the chain attached to the cuffs on her left hand to the other side of the bed and reattached it. Now his lovely, beautiful wife lay face up with her arms outstretched to the corners of the bed, and although her feet were free, they were spread out, as well. Emily was in a very vulnerable position.
Time for a few more photos. Jake snapped several more shots, careful with each one to be sure her face was cropped out of the image.
With his wife still blindfolded, Jake climbed on the bed and positioned himself between her legs and then began kissing her inner thighs. Kissing and licking all around her wet mound, but still not actually touching it. He could tell she was getting wetter and wetter as this went on. A few minutes of this and then Jake began licking and sucking on her pussy, working his way to her clit. Jake considered himself to be quite good at pleasuring his wife with his tongue, and she would be the first to agree.
Emily was already hypersensitive due to the sight deprivation, the inability to move her hands and the still-stinging skin on her butt; not to mention the butt plug that she was still quite aware of. It was all too much. In no time at all, Emily's breaths became deeper and faster and she started bucking against her husband's mouth in ecstasy. Waves of pleasure began to course through her whole body and she could no longer hold back the screams. Emily was experiencing the orgasm of a lifetime.
Jake knew she was ready. He positioned himself over her and guided his cock to the entrance to the source of this intimate pleasure. Then, in a quick motion, he thrust his hard cock deep inside of her. She gasped in intense pleasure. Jake held himself in as deep as he could and the vibrations of the cock ring against her clit made Emily's orgasm start once again.
As Emily began to thrust her pelvis, Jake found a matching rhythm and began fucking his wife as deep and had as he had ever fucked her. Sex between them wasn't new, but this — THIS was different. Both of them felt it. It was as if their sexual appetites had been starved and they were now being fulfilled.
With each thrust, Jake pushed the little vibrator against that small button that drove Emily wild. And they were both responding. Amidst the throes of insanely intense sexual passion, Jake pulled the blindfold off of his wife and looked into her eyes. She smiled as much as she could smile as a new wave of ecstasy began to course through her lithe body.
Jake pressed his lips against hers and their tongues began to do battle as their bodies intertwined. Emily's legs were wrapped around his body and his arms were around hers. He couldn't hold back any longer and finally Jake released his warm semen deep inside of his wife. They both spasmed in ecstasy as the orgasm shook their bodies.
And then they both collapsed in exhaustion.
For a few minutes Jake continued to lay on top of his wife with his cock still buried inside of her, but finally he caught his breath, got up and released the shackles from her wrists allowing her to once again move freely.
"Well, now you have something to post online," Jake finally said.
Emily was a little confused. "You ... you WANT me to post pictures online?"
"As long as you do it anonymously. As long as nobody can find out that it's you. Isn't that what you'd like? Didn't you say that you have some exhibitionist feelings?"
Emily's face turned red. They'd never really talked about their kinks or their fantasies. "Well, yes, it does turn me on to think that there are strangers looking at my naked body. But are you okay with that?"
Jake thought. "Yeah... Yeah, I think so. I think it turns me on a little bit, too. As long as they can't figure out who you are or where you live, I think I'm okay with it. No, I'm more than okay with it. I think it could be fun."
Lying naked and vulnerable in bed, Jake and Emily spent much of the next hour talking about their private thoughts about sex, their fantasies, their likes and dislikes, things they'd like to try but had been afraid to bring up. In their six years of marriage, they'd never had this kind of a discussion before.
The discussion was winding down. They had covered just about everything ... or at least everything that they could emotionally and physically handle getting out of their system for one night. Jake finally said, "Anything else? Is there anything else you'd like for me to do to please you?"
"Yes, one more thing," came her response. "Can you please take this thing out of my ass?"
They laughed together for the first time in a long time.