This is the eleventh chapter in the seriesHouseKeeping. It would be best if you could first read Chapters 1 through 10 so you can gain the benefit of knowing the backstory of Chapter 11. This chapter has a little more than sex in it in, actually a lot more sex in it, an effort to keep the attention of the horny readers. But the story is still erotic as hell for those who enjoy erotic tension and voyeuristic pleasures. As always, please feel free to offer any feedback you want. An author always values feedback from his readers.
*****
I could not believe I was actually mauling the large breasts belonging to Mrs. Yarrow. She had always been polite but distant the several times I had stayed at the Yarrow House. And it was even more difficult to believe that Kelsey was standing next to me mauling her other tit. After several minutes of playing with and licking and sucking and squeezing Mrs. Yarrow's tits, I paused long enough to look at Kelsey with a question in my eyes. She smiled and shrugged her shoulders.
"Well, it looked like you were having fun, and I wanted to share that fun with you." She looked up at Mrs. Yarrow and hesitated. "Please forgive me if I was out of line. I didn't ask your permission, and I am not... I mean, I have never..." Again, she hesitated, and Mrs. Yarrow stepped in with a laugh.
"You are just fine, dear. I am not, either, although I cannot claim that I never..." She paused and then chuckled, and then smiled warmly at Kelsey. "And if you keep doing that like you are currently doing that, I am sure I will again." And both she and Kelsey laughed.
"So," Mrs. Yarrow continued, "if you are enjoying this, then please continue. If not, feel free to stop. I am sure no one here will judge you." She patted Kelsey's head, and then pulled her tighter into her boob.
"If she stops, I will judge her. I would say that she was crazy to let go of the most awesome nipple on the planet." I chuckled as I said this, and leaned over to kiss Kelsey. Mrs. Yarrow moaned her approval of the kiss we shared, and then moaned even louder when the two of us returned to sucking her tits.
"Oh, I am very much enjoying this, Mrs. Yarrow. So, if you don't mind, I think we need to continue. For the last couple of minutes, you sounded like you were very much enjoying yourself." Mrs. Yarrow nodded wordlessly, and Kelsey and I went back after our respective nipples. I was truly enjoying the more than ample breasts of Mrs. Yarrow. They had to be at least a DD cup, and maybe even larger. But as large as they were, the flesh was firm and silky soft. It was pure pleasure hefting it so I could lick the underside. And gently squeezing it was just as enjoyable. But it was licking and sucking and gently biting the huge nipple that caused me to lose all awareness of activities around me and just get lost in the pleasures of it. Her nipple was as large as the last segment of my thumb and, at the moment, just as hard. It was awesome!
We continued licking and sucking her nipples and her moans got louder and louder. Suddenly Mrs. Yarrow screamed and went silent. At first I was afraid I had hurt her by biting too hard on her nipple. But when I pulled back, she cried out for me to not stop. She arched her back and started to shake all over. Mrs. Yarrow was cumming in a ferocious orgasm, and I had to hold on tight to maintain contact with her nipple. After several seconds of silent jerking and moaning, she experienced a reduction in her orgasm, but Kelsey and I continued with our stimulation of her nipples. Another few seconds and she shouted "I am cumming again!" and we sucked and nibbled and massaged her breasts even more. She arched her back and shook all over again, as we held onto her boobs and continued giving her pleasure. After another half a minute or so, she almost fell, and I held her up to keep her from hitting the floor. Mrs. Yarrow, moaned a few more times and slowly sank to the floor. As I let her gently fall, she smiled at Kelsey and me.
"Thank you for the most wonderful orgasm I think I have ever experienced." Kelsey looked sheepishly at me and we both joined her on the floor. All three of us sat there enjoying the peace and euphoria of the post-orgasmic delights, feeling her come down from the mountain top slowly. She sighed quietly, and then thanked us again.
Our enjoyment was interrupted by a series of squeals coming from the pool table. I looked over and saw Beth lying nude and spread eagle on the table with Ginger licking her pussy like she was in a contest. The squeals turned into a scream as Beth arched her back off the table to an amazing extent. She yelled at no one in particular, "ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod" several times. She stayed in that unnaturally arched position for at least ten seconds as she came very powerfully, with her body shaking all over. Then she collapsed flat, uttering one last "ohmygod." After another few seconds, she raised her head and looked at Ginger.
"Shit, Ginger! I never came like that. I guess maybe I am into women after all." Ginger smiled and pulled Beth into a sitting position, then almost crushed their bodies together, smashing their boobs together in an incredibly erotic manner. And then Ginger kissed Beth square on the lips. I could see their tongues battling and hear their moans. After several seconds of passionate kissing, Beth pulled back and looked at Ginger.
"Wow! Is that what I taste like? I never... I mean, I didn't..." Ginger threw back her head and laughed.
"Yes, that is what you taste like, and you tasted great. Would you like to find out what I taste like? I am sure Tim would hold off fucking you until he sees that. Wouldn't you, Tim?" And she looked at Tim, who was standing quite close to the two women.
"Hell, yes, I would wait for that. Come on, honey, eat her out. You would turn everyone on so much if you did." Tim was almost pleading with his wife to eat out another woman's pussy, but Beth looked hesitant. The two women looked at each other for a moment and then went back to kissing. And the kissing became more and more passionate. Finally, without a word, Beth slowly pushed Ginger onto her back and positioned her ass in the air and her face over the woman's pussy. And everyone in the room watched as Beth lowered her face and began to kiss and lick Ginger's slit. Both women began moaning as they enjoyed being pleasured by the other woman. And the more they moaned, the more Tim became excited, until finally, he made his move. He released his belt and dropped his pants in what seemed like a single move. Then he climbed onto the pool table and buried his face in his wife's upturned ass. He ran his tongue the entire length of her pussy lips and on to lick her ass. When he licked her pussy, Beth began moaning. But when he reached her ass hole, Beth screamed and jumped. She looked around at her husband and smiled, and then went back to her lesbian activity.
Everyone in the room watched the threesome in action for a couple of minutes without saying a word. Then the people began to move around, seeking someone to get physical with. And I noticed that only one couple got together. The rest chose someone they did not come with for their entertainment.
Jose had his huge dick in Cindy's hands, although she shifted him to her mouth as we watched. She was on her knees in front of him but almost seemed to hold him at arm's length because of his length. Kelsey muttered to me, "He must be 10 inches long and very thick. She will never be able to get her mouth around him, much less deep throat him." I grinned and nodded in agreement with her opinion. We watched as Cindy removed the last of her clothes. I loved looking at Cindy's ass as she sat on her haunches and tried to suck down what was probably the biggest dick she had ever seen. Her boobs bounced and her ass jiggled and pretty much all of her put on a gorgeous show for the few who were watching.
Her husband, Jerry, looked around for a moment for a woman, but didn't look for long. I saw Jeanine sidle over to him and whisper something in his ear. He developed a huge smile, and they walked over to a small couch that sat along one wall. There he sat down and she tore into his pants like she was in a race. In seconds, Jerry had plunged his dick into Jeanine's mouth and she started bobbing her head up and down. She had already stripped to her skin so she was putting on a show that rivaled the one across the room with Cindy and Jose.
From there, things simply became sex. Everyone was enjoying one form of sex or another with someone, and a few of them with more than one. And, as we watched, a couple of them separated and recombined with other partners, almost as if they were playing the old parlor game, Musical Chairs. It was definitely hot to watch. Mrs. Yarrow interrupted my staring.
"Easy, Todd. Don't mangle the meat." I guess I had become so turned on that I was squeezing her right tit too hard.
"Oh, I am so sorry, Mrs. Yarrow. I didn't mean to hurt you." I was clearly embarrassed by my actions, and tried to gently rub where I had been squeezing. I kissed her breast above and below and on both sides of her huge nipple, hoping that would make her feel better.
"It's okay. No blood, no foul. And Kelsey, you can talk about your lack of experience all you want, but you are absolutely awesome. You are turning me on so much." Kelsey looked up and gave Mrs. Yarrow a smile of gratitude.
"I may have no experience doing this to another woman, but I have my own tits and I know what I like. I am just doing what seems natural." Mrs. Yarrow looked down at Kelsey and gently stroked her face.
"Some people say that is exactly why women take other women as lovers. We know what we want." Again, Mrs. Yarrow gently stroked Kelsey's face.
I had never seen Mrs. Yarrow engage in any of the sexual activities in the "special dress code" weekends I had attended before, but with her soft and warm words, I wondered for a moment if she was hitting on Kelsey. And then I stopped myself.Kelsey is a grown woman,I reminded myself,and she can decide who she likes and who she wants to be with. I was fairly certain that she wanted to be with me, but if she wanted to take a side trip down that road, I did not feel like I should interfere. Besides, watching her make love to Mrs. Yarrow's tits was really turning me on. I was as hard as I had ever been and actually had to adjust myself as I stood there watching the two omen. And that adjustment was noticed by both women.
"Kelsey, I think there is another person here that might want some of your attention. With all the activities going on around here, I don't think anyone would mind if you make him happy."
"Truthfully, Mrs. Yarrow," Kelsey spoke in a faltering voice, and had to clear her throat before she continued, "I don't mind what others do, and I don't mind watching what others do, but what I want to do to Todd needs to be done behind closed doors. Thank you for your grace and your charm, but I am going to take my charms upstairs, and hopefully Todd will join me." She looked at me and smiled hopefully. I moved closer to Kelsey and took her face in my two hands and spoke softly to only her.
"Kelsey, there is nothing happening here that could interest me if it means you going upstairs by yourself." I paused, and then said, "Please allow me to escort you to your room, Milady." And I looked at Mrs. Yarrow.
"If you will excuse us, Mrs. Yarrow, Kelsey and I have things to discuss in private." Mrs. Yarrow smiled at us.
"You two enjoy yourselves, and I will just sit here drowning in the juices the two of you helped me generate. Oh, and don't forget that tomorrow we are having a BBQ in the back yard, with a pool party to follow. Things will probably start about noon and continue until dinner."
*****
Because of the wonderful feedback I have been receiving, I changed my mind and decided to continue for another couple of chapters. Look for Chapter 12 coming soon, The Pool Party.