Chapter 2 -- Susan Starts to Cut Loose
When I awoke the next morning, Susan was already up. If you want to know what happened last night, please read chapter 1.
I showered and put on some lounging pants and a t-shirt and headed to the kitchen. I could smell the coffee and bacon frying from two rooms away. Susan was dressed in one of my t-shirts, making breakfast. I hugged her from behind and let my hands squeeze her breasts until she shook me off.
"Bacon is hot and I don't want to get burned," she said. But we can play later... if you are up to it. In the meantime, have some coffee and let's talk about last night."
I poured myself a cup of coffee and said, "Yes, I'd like to talk about that. You took me completely by surprise."
"Are you OK with what happened?" she asked.
"I think so. I have missed the passion that we seemed to have lost somewhere along the way, and it was great to feel it again; but I am hoping this doesn't mean bad things for our relationship."
"Like what?"
"Well, I get that you want to have a more active sex life and that you want to have other men. Does that mean that you don't want me anymore?"
"No, silly. I love you and I want you, especially now. Lots of women equate sex with love, but I am not wired that way. I have wanted to get laid by other men for years, but I just suppressed the urge. When you went off to Judi's gangbang last night, you wound up giving me permission to stop suppressing myself and let loose. And it's not like I want to go off and fuck other men behind your back. I want to do it in front of you."
"So how do you feel about my fucking Judi."
"Liberated."
"Say more," I said.
"Well, I understand that men think with their dicks and are wired to want to fuck anything with pretty boobs and a pussy. I get that, and I don't begrudge that. I wish you had not felt the need to hide that from me, but I take responsibility for hiding myself from you, so I guess I have no right to expect you to have done anything different. But now the pussy is out of the bag, so to speak. We both know that we both want to have a more active, exciting and even public sex life and that we want to fuck others, but come home together. That is very liberating to me. It means that I don't have to hide myself from you and you don't have to hide from me. If you want to fuck Judi or any other woman, just invite me along. Who knows, I may learn to like licking pussy as well."
I had to admit that her honesty felt good, and I felt excited by the creative possibilities that lay ahead of us.
"OK, I'm liking this," I said. "So what kinds of limits or boundaries do you want us to put in place?"
"Well, for one, no lies. No sneaking around behind each other's back. If you want to fuck someone, tell me up front, even if that means that you call me as you are sitting with her."
"So you are saying that I meet some woman who turns me on and you want me to call you and say, 'Honey, I just met Mary Jane and I want to fuck her. OK?'"
Susan laughed and said, "I guess that sounds kind of silly, doesn't it. But imagine how it would feel if you trusted me enough to call me while you are fucking her and tell me about it in the moment. Now she may be a bit taken aback, but let's reverse roles here. Say I meet someone and I want to fuck him. So I come on to him and start making out with him and while I am letting him lick my pussy, I call you and say, 'Honey, I have just met this stud and he is licking my pussy right now and it feels so good. I am going to give him a fucking he won't forget. Oh, baby, that feels so good. Yes, stick your cock in my pussy while my husband listens.' What do you think?"
"I'm not so sure that will work, but if you want to try it and let me know, I'm game. But what I can agree to is to be absolutely honest about what I have done. So if I fuck someone but don't call you while she is sucking my cock, I will tell you about it as soon as I can."
"Perhaps we are getting ahead of ourselves here. It's not like I want to go somewhere right now and pick up some stud and fuck him. What I really want is to have fun and games with you. In fact, I have an idea about what we can do today. Are you game?"
"What's your idea?" I asked.
"I want to go shopping for shoes and then take in a movie."
"Sounds rather tame to me, but I'm game. It looks like a nice day."
"Trust me, I will make it interesting for you," she said with a big smile on her face. She pulled the front of her t-shirt up to show me she her pussy, then quickly pulled it down and said, "Eat your breakfast. I'm your lunch."
We finished breakfast and cleaned up the kitchen and then Susan disappeared into the bathroom. I put on some shorts and a clean t-shirt and settled in front of the TV in the living room while she did her thing. She emerged an hour later wearing a cut-off t-shirt and a mini skirt that barely covered her. I remembered this mini skirt from the early days of our marriage. She still fit into it quite nicely, but I had forgotten how short it was.
"Ready to rock and roll?" she asked me as she headed for the door. She opened the door and flipped the back of her mini skirt up to show me that she was naked underneath it, and said, "Let's find some shoes."
As we drove to the local mall where they had several shoe stores, Susan played with her nipples to get them hard. The t-shirt she was wearing was thin and cut off just below her boobs, and she had also removed the arms so and made the arm holes bigger, so that the view from the side was quite sexy. And all she had to do was lean over and the t-shirt would pull away from her chest and offer a fetching view of her breasts.
We got to the mall and Susan directed us to the nearest shoe store that had women's heels. We walked into the store and Susan spotted a young salesman in his early twenties with a nametag pinned on his chest and walked right up to him and said, "Sandy, I want some three inch heels for a party I am going to. I like black. What do you have?"
Sandy had apparently sold shoes to lots of women because he didn't get flustered by Susan's rather obvious come on and said, "Have a seat over here and I will get your measurements." He guided her to a seat facing into the store with her back to the store entrance and sat down on the short stool in front of her. I took a seat nearby where I could watch the action.
Susan offered her right foot to Sandy who slowly unbuckled her sandal. He was taking his time as he asked her to stand up on the device they use to measure shoe sizes. He gently measured both the length and the width of her foot and then said, "I think I have just the shoe for you. I will be right back."
Susan sat back down and winked at me as Sandy went into the back of the store to hunt for shoes. He returned a couple minutes later carrying three boxes and sat down in front of Susan to help her on with the first pair. Susan offered him her foot, and as she did so, she spread her legs just far enough so that Sandy and I could both see up her skirt to where her panties should have been. I had expected to see her nicely trimmed bush, but instead, I saw a completely bald pussy. She had shaved it this morning without telling me.
The sight was not lost on Sandy as he took his time helping her on with the shoe. And since no woman can walk around in one heel, Sandy had to repeat the process with Susan's other foot. This time, Susan leaned back in her chair so that her t-shirt pulled up and exposed the bottoms of her breasts. She winked at Sandy as she spread her legs a little further and said, "Is that hard?"
Susan was not referring to the difficulty Sandy was having strapping on her second shoe. Instead, she was looking directly at Sandy's crotch which had a rather substantial bulge in it. Sandy blushed and smiled as he said, "It gets harder, but I can handle it. Can you?"
"What size is it?" Susan asked.
"You're a size seven," Sandy replied.
"Not my shoe size, silly. Your cock size. How big is it?"
Sandy blushed again, but stayed in the game as he said, "Would you like to measure it yourself?"
"Only if my husband can watch and only if I can make it get smaller when I am finished measuring it," said Susan.
"Well, we have a break room in the back of the store, and Jessica can cover the front. Jessica, can you cover for me for a few minutes?"
"Is that all it will take you?" Jessica flashed back with a knowing grin.
"Maybe Jessica can measure my husband while you and I go exploring," Susan offered. "Jessica, can you take care my hubby for me? Be a good girl and don't do anything I wouldn't do."
"He will be in good hands," Jessica replied with another grin as she walked over to me and invited me to switch to a seat facing the back of the store instead of the front. Jessica was blonde and in her early twenties and built to sell shoes. She had a full set of boobs and a very low cut blouse and knew that her boobs helped her sell shoes.
"So let me take your measurements," she said as she bent over in front of me, giving me a clear view of most of her marvelous mammeries. She picked up my foot, took my shoe and sock off and then tucked it into her lap as she slid her stool closer to me. With one foot still in her lap and pressing into her pussy, she picked up my other foot and took off my other shoe and sock. "So what would you like?" she asked, again flashing me her sexy grin.
"What do you have to offer?" I replied, giving her the room to get creative. She started massaging one foot with her hands while she squirmed on her chair and massaged my other foot with her legs and pussy. She pushed the foot she was holding back towards me so that I had to bend my knee and this caused mu shorts to gap open. I wear loose boxers, and my cock was getting rather stiff from all of her attention. As my shorts gapped open, I could feel the air conditioning hit my now exposed cock and I could see from the look in her eyes that she was enjoying the view.
"How about a trip to the break room when Sandy is finished with your wife?" she offered with a smile, as she leaned over and made sure I had a great view of her boobs. She pulled her elbows in so that the top of her blouse pulled even further away from her chest and I could see most of both boobs, but I couldn't see her nipples. Then she took one hand and slid it up my leg and into my shorts and gave my cock a quick squeeze and said, "Keep that hard for me. I'll be right back."
Jessica disappeared into the back of the store and came back moments later. She was carrying her cell phone and she showed me a picture she had just taken. Susan was sucking Sandy's cock and smiling at the camera. She had his cock half way down her throat in the picture, and Sandy had a look of pure bliss on his face.
"He won't last long, and he needs at least 20 minutes to recharge," Jessica said. I know from past experience.
"Seems like you two have a pretty good relationship," I said.
"Friends with benefits," Jessica replied. "No strings, just the occasional suck and fuck. We usually do it at the end of the day, but whenever a slut like your wife comes in and flashes her gash, we have an agreement that we both get a piece of the action."
"So this is a regular event for you two?" I asked.
"Well, it happens about once a month... more often in warm weather. And you would be surprised how often the husband comes along for the ride... just like you did."
"So what happens when only the woman shows up?"
"Sandy gets to take her in the back, and he buzzes me as soon as he has cum. Then I go back and invite her to let me give her another orgasm or two." Jessica stuck out her tongue and mimicked licking pussy and then smiled and winked at me."
"So are you gay?" I asked.
"No, I'm bisexual. I love sex with both men and women."
I heard her cell phone buzz and she said, "That's my signal. Are you ready to ride?"
She led me into the back of the store as Sandy made his way back to the sales area. He was zipping his fly and straightening himself up as we met in the middle of the store.
"She is one hot slut, your wife," Sandy said. "And she's a great cocksucker. She inhaled me and pumped me dry in no time." And with that, he gave me a high five and headed back to the front of the store to sell some more shoes.
Jessica let me into the break room where Susan was sitting on a chair, her skirt pulled up and her hands rapidly flicking her clit as she masturbated.
"Here, let me do that," said Jessica as she knelt down between Susan's legs and started licking her pussy.
Susan started stroking Jessica's hair and pulling her head into her pussy. Her eyes had a far-off glaze to them and she was clearly enjoying Jessica's attention.
I just stood there for a few minutes and watched the action between them and then I knelt behind Jessica and started to stroke her back, her buns and then her boobs. I reached into her top and started playing with her nipples and she pulled away from Susan's pussy just long enough to say, "Fuck me quickly, I only have a ten minute break."
I pulled her dress up and her panties down and guided my missile into her pussy and started pumping. As I rammed into Jessica, she would be pushed into Susan's pussy and we quickly built up a rhythm. I could see Susan's face as she approached a climax, and I warned Jessica that she was about to get a cum shower from both directions. Unfortunately for Jessica's blouse, the warning didn't come in time as Susan started shooting fountains of cum onto Jessica's face, hair and chest. Her blouse was totally soaked and her hair looked like she had just stepped from the shower. The sight of Susan convulsing with one squirting orgasm after another was enough to send me over the top and I started to cum too. Jessica pulled off my cock just as I was starting to shoot and my cum landed on the back of her skirt and on her buns.
"Shit, I'm going to have to change my clothes," said Jessica as she stood up and looked at herself in the mirror on the wall of the break room. And then she looked right at Susan and said, "So how many pairs of shoes did you want to purchase today?" She was sporting a wicked grin as she reached out to Susan and tweaked her nipples.
"You two are a hell of a sales team," I said with a laugh.
"Best in the region" said Jessica. "Will that be cash or charge?"
I gave her my credit card as she stripped off her blouse and skirt and even her panties and bra and pulled a fresh dress from her locker. The dress was simple but very low cut and gave her lots of room to flash her tits. And if she bent over too far or twirled around in it, you could easily see that she was naked under it.
"Duty calls," she said as she waltzed off with my credit card.
I looked at Susan and she just sat there with her legs spread wide, her pussy dripping and her hand gently stroking her pussy as she smiled back at me. "I think we are going to have some real fun together, sweetie. Right now, though, I need some new clothing that will be more in line with my flowering slut. Let's go to Victoria's Secret."
"Don't forget your shoes," I said as she pulled herself together and stood up to give me a kiss.
We walked to the front of the store, signed my credit card and gave Sandy and Jessica a warm thank you for service above and beyond the call, and sauntered off down the mall carrying three pairs of shoes.
Susan had a big, shit-eating grin as we strolled down the mall. "That was totally cool," she said to me as we walked. She shook her hips and thrust her hand in the air with a big "Yes!" and then she gave me a big kiss on the cheeks. "Thank you for that. It was the first time I have had my pussy licked by another woman and it was wonderful. I guess women just know how give other women pleasure. She was really good with her tongue."
"Well, you sure did a number on her clothes with your orgasm. That was quite the picture."
"Tell me about it," Susan responded. It wasn't a request. It was an affirmation. I wonder what it will be like for me to lick some clit."
"I suspect you will find out pretty soon," I replied, still amazed at how quickly our relationship had transformed itself. "There's Victoria's Secret. How do you want to play this?" I asked her.
"I don't know yet. I think it will just have to be organic. I know I want to try on some sexy clothing, and that I am feeling rather frisky and bold. Beyond that, well... I guess we'll just have to find out," Susan said as we walked into the store.
She wandered through the store looking for something sexy, but not sure exactly what she wanted. A middle aged sales clerk asked her if she needed help and Susan stopped and said, "Yes. I am looking for a whole new outfit that clearly says that I want to get laid, but that I can wear in public."
The sales clerk smiled and looked at Susan and said, "C cup, size 10, right?" Susan nodded her affirmation and the sales lady led Susan to a section of the store with racks of sexy dresses. "Tell me a little bit more about the look you want to create. Do you want it to be conservative but sexy, glamorous or what?"
"How about 'I'm a cum slut and I want your cock'?" Susan said with a smile.
The sales lady gave Susan a big grin and said, "I know exactly what you want." Then she leaned close to Susan and whispered in her ear, but just loud enough for me to hear her, "I am too. That's why I work here." She showed Susan a slinky black tube mini dress with open sides. There were thin eight or ten thin strips about four inches long the held the front and the back of the dress together. She also handed Susan a super short mini dress with a neckline that plunged to well below her navel. The front was held together by a long lace that threaded back and forth like a shoe lace and ended in the middle of the chest. There were four inch slits on both sides of the dress and the back of the dress was completely missing. A single strand of material tied in the middle of the back and held it on.
Susan smiled as she took both dresses and asked where she could try them on. "Let me show you to the dressing room," the clerk said, taking Susan's elbow and leading her to the back of the store. I followed along behind them, very curious about what Susan would look like in these "Fuck Me!" dresses.
Susan smiled at me as she stepped into the dressing room and pulled the curtain partially close. She left a big enough gap for anyone passing by to see everything that was happening inside. She took off her miniskirt and t-shirt top and stood naked as she held up first one dress and then another, trying to decide which one she wanted to try on first. She looked at me and asked my opinion, holding one dress and then another up in front of her. I suggested that she try the backless lace up mini-dress first and Susan nodded in agreement. She stepped into it and then stepped out of the dressing room with the dress only half on. "Can you please help me get this on right?" she asked the sales lady.
"Of course, my dear," the lady replied with a smile. She tied the lace on the back of the dress and then moved in front of Susan to adjust the lace that held the front together. The dress was so short that I could almost see Susan's pussy.
"Turn around, honey," I asked her. Susan turned her back to me and I said, "Lean forward and pick up something from that table." She bent over just a bit and the bottom of her buns popped out beneath the dress. "Sweet," I said. "Now sit down in that chair." Susan sat and demurely crossed her legs, but the dress was so short that her pussy was visible to anyone standing in front of her. "What do you think?" I asked the sales lady.
"Well, it depends," she said. "If you wear a thong or panties it will be fine. Very sexy, but fine. Now if she really wants to be daring, this dress says it all."
"How about you, sweetie?" Susan asked. "What do you think?"
"I think that I have never seen you look sexier than you do right this moment," I said.
"Come here, honey. I want to check something," said Susan. I stepped closer to her and she put her hand right on my cock. "What does your cock say?" I blushed as she stroked my cock in front of the sales lady, but the answer was clear. "His cock likes it," she said to the sales lady. "I'm going to wear it home with my new shoes. Could you help me put them on?"
"Of course, darling," said our sales lady with a big grin.
"Which pair, honey," Susan asked me.
"I don't know," I said. "Let's try them all." I knew that Susan wanted to give our sales lady a good chance to see her bald pussy as she tried on the shoes, so I handed her the least likely pair first. "Here, try these."
The sales lady knelt in front of Susan and helped her remove her shoes and then helped her try on one of the new pairs. She made it a point to spread her legs just enough so that our helpful sales person got a good flash. Susan decided she liked the second pair best and stood up with her new four inch heels and started walking around the store. As she approached the front of the store, she stopped and put one foot on a chair and adjusted her shoe. Anybody passing by had one hell of a view. She turned around and came back and said, "Thank you so much for your help." She gave our sales lady a kiss on the cheek and whispered in her ear, "If you need to get a good fuck, just let me know and I will volunteer my husband's cock."
Our sales lady blushed and thanked Susan and scurried off to ring up the sale. Susan stepped up to me and gave me a big kiss and said, "I feel almost naked in this dress, and it feels so exciting. I can't wait to stroll through the mall and feel the stares. But what I really want is to have you take me to that X rated movie place downtown and have some X-rated fun with you."
I paid for Susan's dress and she put her arm through mine as we left the store. Susan got lots of stares as we made our way out of the mall and to our car.
To be continued...