Maria felt so ashamed giving in so completely to a stranger. The blackmail put her into a difficult position and he had out manoeuvred her every time she tried to regain some composure.
What made her feel so wretched was having succumbed to two overpowering orgasms from a young inexperienced man. Realising they were in part from the humiliating situations he had contrived, left her feeling bewildered and pathetic.
Walking into her home, naked from the waist down, with Peter following didn't help. He could see her bare bottom, still red from his spanking. The very idea of being excited from this vulgar exhibitionism was hard to accept.
From the garage they walked through the kitchen into an open planned room decorated with expensive furnishings. A large luxurious sofa acted as a room divider between dining area and lounge. Maria hesitated before walking around it knowing she should get dressed before giving him a talking to.
She needed a few moments to bring her thoughts together before launching into a lecture. This was all wrong. She must stop this dire game of his but her thoughts were in a whirl of confusion.
What was so difficult was she was beginning to readjusting her self-image from a tough business woman to a weak female dependent on humiliation. This revelation was hard to accept.
With a hand lightly resting on the back of the sofa she stared across the room. All this too would be lost if he revealed what he knew to the owner of the corporation. With a great summoning of willpower she pulled her thoughts together. She must use her management skills to wrest back control.
She felt him close then a gentle touch. It was like a shock of electricity stunning her. She felt the rough jeans graze her sensitive bare bottom. She dare not turn to confront him as he would see the weakness in her eyes. The words were forming but the throat and lips were dry. A hesitant voice would do no good; she needed to sound authoritative.
Peter followed from the garage watching her bare ass gyrating seductively. One cheek scrunched up, then the other, with each step. It was fascinating. Everything that had happened over the past couple of hours had been a first and he wondered what would happen next.
When she stopped right in front of him he took the extra step to stand against her. The front of his jeans pressed against a bare ass for his already stiff cock to suddenly ache with an extra hardness.
He lowered his hand to touch the beautiful bare bottom, only the hand diverted to his fly. Without thinking what he was doing he instead pulled an aching cock from the jeans. From habit he gripped it, ready to play with himself, as though this were a bedroom fantasy.
Maria felt his penis nudge her bottom and in a panic leant away from him. There was nowhere to go but over the back of the sofa. In slow motion she creased forward stopping herself with both hands pressing into the cushions. As she fell it became painfully obvious what was about to happen.
"Damn!" she exclaimed, in a soft pitiful voice, almost a sob. She was presenting her private place to this young stranger. Was there no depths to which she would sink to save her career?
Peter's hips pushed forward while he watched as though from a distance. His hard cock pressed against her sex. In that moment he felt elated, too worked up to think about what he was doing.
"No!" Maria shouted.
He lifted her onto her toes or perhaps she had risen in an attempt to escape this ultimate indignity. She tried to push away from him but her hands sunk into the soft cushions of the sofa. She felt his hardness press against the soft open folds of her sex and she wailed pitifully.
"No! Not that. Please stop!" Maria wailed.
She felt a harness invade her body and moaned in anguish. The young blackmailer had entered her without resistance. There was no fight left in her but the realisation that her body had been so unresisting and so easy to take, so wet and ready for him, it was mortifying.
Peter watched the throbbing bulb of his cock push between the lips of her wet pussy. The hairs might have tickled but no sensation other than the grip of that luscious hole could be contemplated. This was the first time and he worked on instinct.
There was no thought of holding back or care for her needs. He stared at his cock the only contact between them. Like a rod of iron it poked into her. His thigh and calf muscles tensed in a spasm. With an almighty thrust he shoved his hard cock all the way into that tightly gripping pussy.
Gripping her hips he began to piston his whole body back and forth fucking her with all his strength. Without experience youthful exuberance took over for him to slam into her again and again.
"No! Please, no!" Maria's plea was sobbed in gasps. Never before had she been so humiliated but despite her protests he was taking her. She tried to escape over the sofa but he had her pinned to it. The unwelcome rod was thrusting into her. She was being fucked.
She tried to fight back, to push him away, only the thrust of her naked arse helped him reach into her. Deeply, with strong thrusts he was taking her. She was being fucked by this young man, a stranger, a blackmailer, someone who had teased and humiliated her.
On feeling it drive all the way inside, filling her, she moaned a different kind of sound. A guttural anguish in her throat arose from her stomach spluttering from her lips. This young man was fucking her hard and she couldn't say she didn't want it for she needed it after such intense sexual stimulation.
Never before had she submitted to a man; she had always remained in control in the bedroom. Now she was letting herself be taken by a stranger, a young man, hardly more than an inexperienced boy. He had spanked her, humiliated her and now he was taking her and she let herself go.
Peter didn't think to hold back for her satisfaction. Disjointed thoughts ran through his mind. 'I'm doing it! I'm fucking my dad's boss. I'm fucking the office bully, fuck them all!'
He wanted it to last for ever but all too soon he felt an overwhelming desire to bury his dick deep into her and hold it there. "I'm cumin," he exclaimed. The loudness of his voice was nothing compared to the feeling of exaltation.
The last guttural sounds were squashed from her body as he pressed her tight into the hard back of the sofa. In a sigh of compressed air her lungs were emptied as he began to fill her.
"Yes! Fuck me!" she gushed with heart felt pleasure. Maria had finally relented to pure lust and it heated her veins red hot. She felt his cock twitching inside spurting his seed deep inside. The thought warmed her entire body.
She couldn't move with his weight pressing her into the sofa. She felt completely under his control. Her career rested in his hands, he had opened her up to unexpected sexual feelings, and now he had mastered her completely.
She wanted to wrap her arms around him, for him to hold her tight. Instead she tried to breath. Small shallow breaths came and went with little gasps of pleasure incoherently uttered. "Oh shit! Yes. Fill me up, I'm all yours, fuck me, make me cum," she whimpered.
Her knees rattled against the back of the sofa, her arms shook, with the spasms of an all consuming orgasm.
Peter felt elated with a great wave of warmth for her. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled the limp body to him. He wasn't sure what to do next, didn't care, merely wanting to hold her close.
Feeling the stickiness between them an idea of washing her came to a befuddled mind. He half carried her upstairs and found the bathroom. He pulled her clothes off and his too, throwing them in a heap.
The shower came on with frantic twists and he pulled her under the spray. A bottle of shampoo came to hand and he lathered her body in slippery soap. He explored her body with trembling hands.
Over her neck, down her shoulders, over her breasts, he gripped the swollen nipples. He pulled the unresisting slippery body to him wrapping his arms around her, pressing close with both hands tight on her bottom.
He nibbled her neck and lips, sucking them into his mouth. Their tongues explored with water dousing them yet it was unable to quench the fire. The flames of passion ignited again, she knew, for she felt him harden.
This time he led the naked unresisting woman by the hand to her bedroom. He sat on the edge of the large bed ready to pull her down onto him, only she sank to her knees.
Maria had never before consented to perform what she thought of as a lewd act but in her present state wanted more than anything to reward her attentive lover. So many orgasms should have satisfied her, left her sated, but this was for him. Or so she might have thought if she had been thinking straight.
She pushed his knees apart to get to his already hardening penis. She bent forward and gave it a gentle full lipped kiss. It tasted of strawberries from the shampoo they had both been drenched in. Hesitantly she opened her mouth and sucked its head into her mouth.
Peter watched in awe. The office harridan was on her knees before him sucking on his dick. The sensitive petting was more thrilling than if she had gripped it hard. Little tingling sensations added to the thrill of seeing this mature sophisticated woman submitting herself to him.
He could see her full lips begin to suck his dick into her mouth; it trembled and twitched under the careful attention. He wanted more, needed to be engulfed. Instead he fell back and closed his eyes.
It seemed so large, how could she take more than that. He fell back onto the bed and his hips bounced up forcing his cock deeper into her mouth. She choked. With determination she sucked hard on it. Unsure what to do she continued to suck on it like a pacifier.
In a moment of inspiration she moved her head up and down. Hearing his moans of approval she continued. The initial passion had passed for her to be left with a sense of calm satisfaction, with a feeling of giving herself utterly to him. As though it were pacifying her she felt tranquil. She was his, belonged to him, needing his approval.
He thrust up his hips with taught muscular legs pushing his cock deeper into her mouth. He didn't hear her spluttering choke but felt every drop of sperm squirt from the end of his dick.
She sat back on her haunches looking down at his feet. He lifted her head looking into her eyes. There was no need to speak. The messages were clear. She fidgeted uncomfortably, knowing she felt gratefully for his approval but feeling that was wrong.
He stroked the corner of her lips and pushed a finger into her mouth. She tasted the bitterness of his sperm and felt even more humble. She was an important business woman on her knees feeling so small and helpless. It must be her failing, not his power over her, yet there was nothing she could do to overcome it.
"Your body is so beautiful," he whispered.
Maria became self-conscious of her nakedness but couldn't lift her arms to cover her body. The pure innocent remark overwhelmed her. He was no longer a nasty blackmailer but a master of her body. He had stimulated her like no other lover, despite his inexperience.
She was sure it had been a coincidence that he had pushed her into finding that such despicable behaviour was exciting. It had been there hidden and undiscovered. But what could she do but submit. All the fight had been fucked out of her.
He stroked her wet hair and cupped her cheek in the palm of his hand for her to nuzzle against it. She felt wonderful as though she could fly and cure all the worlds' ills.
"We had better get dressed," he told her.
This was a surprise. She had always made love under the covers in the dark but here she was naked and proud. She watched him open the dressing room, listening to the swish of hangers as he rummaged around. Still squatting on the floor she wondered what he was looking for, what he intended her to wear.
This was certainly another new experience. She wondered how deeply she had sunk under his influence to allow this. She smiled at the thought. He brought out a plain cotton slip and let it fall over her breasts then dragged it over her nipples.
The teasing made her laugh. They were still sensitive and they tingled, as she did, with excitement. She heard him opening and closing draws in the dressing room until he brought out a pair of white panties.
"Come on get dressed," he scolded her. Pulling the lethargic body up, he pulled the slip over her head and stood back in obvious admiration. She bathed in the glow of his pleasure. He lifted one foot at a time and began to pull her panties up her legs.
He couldn't resist smoothing them into place between her cheeks, eliciting a pleasant little giggle from her. "Come on, I'm hungry, I need to eat," he admonished her.
It seemed she was dressed despite the lack of a bra or even a dress. Fitting a bra was probably beyond him, she thought. It didn't matter for the kitchen wasn't overlooked by neighbours. She was thankful to be wearing panties rather than a thong.
He took her hand to lead her downstairs. She felt like a young lover, letting him take her, submitting to his wishes. His youthful exuberance was infectious. "What do you want? To eat I meant," she said, with a playful glint in her eyes.
"A burger, two burgers, and an ice cold milk shake," he said.
Before she could stop him he opened the kitchen door leading into the garage. "No, I'm not dressed. I'll cook something," she said in alarm. Maria didn't want to be seen like this or with him either. It was one thing to let go of her inhibitions in her own home, but in the reality of outside, it would be painful.
She tried to think of what might be in the fridge to convince him to stay. The feeling of submission to her young lover was difficult to overcome. With protests being ignored she found herself in the driving seat while he buckled her up.
"I can't go out like this! This is a slip not a dress. It's too short. I need a bra," she complained. It all went unheeded as the garage door slid up. Before she knew what was happening he started the engine and slipped it into reverse for them to back out onto the drive. Not wanting neighbours to see them she drove away.
"We can go for a drive-through," she suggested. There was no way she could get out of the car dressed so skimpily. From the big smile on his face she wondered what he had planed for her next. If earlier was anything to go by she was in trouble.
The annoying thing was she could feel herself becoming heated just from driving around in a thin slip. It had risen up around her waist but at least she had panties on this time. Her nipples seemed to be imitating Pinocchio's nose.
She could just imagine pulling in at a drive-through with the young guys crowding in the pay window, keeping them waiting for a good look at her. The nipples pushed harder at the thin slip ready to burst through and she dare not look down at her panties.