It was a day like any other. Kids had left for school and I went into my office in pj's and carrying my mug of hot coffee. I had no idea what was about to unfold and how my life would change ... forever.
I had answered an email several weeks prior to a gentleman that lived in the next town. He wanted to find a fem that would allow him to be in control. I had been curious about that lifestyle since realizing I was one hot, horny female after living with a man who hated sex. My mine was rampant with all the "what-if's". I wanted to become open, explore, and dabble in many different topics relating to sex. I hoped "Sir" would be the answer.
He had left me an email telling me to get dressed, taking care to make myself very presentable for an exciting, out of the norm, experience. He would call me around 10. It was now pushing 9 so I went flying to my closet. I wanted to make a good impression but always believed that showing less was more. I removed a cotton orange tee along with a gray shiny cotton pants with a matching cropped jacket. The tee showed off my beautiful 36 D's and the rest of the ensemble showed off my curves. I was not too comfortable yet dressing like a slut but was comfortable with the woman I was becoming. I showered, shaved the appropriate areas till they were smooth then lathered myself with a light scent lotion feeling my juices beginning to flow.
I was at my desk when the phone and he told me to meet him at a local Mexican restaurant at noon. He asked what I was wearing and I told him. He asked if I was wet and I stumbled with the answer. He told me not by any means should I relieve myself. I promised I wouldn't. He stated that "Sir" was in charge now.
I was able to accomplish very little work and found myself checking the time constantly. With 15 minutes before the appointed time, I left home. I arrived with 5 minutes to spare and he was not inside waiting on me. On the dot of noon, the door opened and "my Sir" walked in. He took a moment to scan me up and down and my juices flowed even more with the tingles in my nether regions going crazy. He took my arm and pulled me to him, whispering, "I am very impressed." Then he told me to follow the hostess.
Lunch could have been cardboard for all I remember but I do know he saw to it that I had two Dos Equios to calm down my nerves. At close to the end of the meal, he leaned over and asked if I was willing to trust him totally. I would have jumped off the Empire State building at that moment. He paid the bill and we left. Once outside he told me he was going to drive and I would go with him. He once again took my arm and walked me to his car. He opened the passenger door and then took me in his arms and said, "You have been patient but this needs to be gotten out the way." He then ravished my mouth with his hand on the back of my head, totally in control. When he released me, I about fell to the ground and was trembling all over. He smiled and helped me into his car.
He had driven several blocks before I was aware of where we were. He turned into a boat landing, one of my favorite places, and parked. He told me we would be taking a stroll. The ramp was probably a half mile total and rambled past the boat ramp, through the inlet, before coming out at the head of the river. There was another couple there, holding hands and chatting. Two other fishermen were crabbing and fishing off of the pier.
He then pulled my hand so that I turned facing him and also the others that were on the ramp. He kissed me again, speechless, and while his tongue was plundering my mouth, I became aware that his left hand had wandered up to my right breast, teasing, enjoying the feel of my skin. I opened my eyes and realized that those four people were watching us, taking it all in, and having emotions also. Then "Sir" gently, erotically, slowly, pulled my tee down and then my bra till my right breast was fully exposed. I almost passed out from the onslaught of my emotions. It didn't last but a few seconds and then "Sir" pulled my tee and bra back up and turned me to continue our walk down the ramp.
Once back at the car, with not a word spoken, he helped me get in and once he was behind the driver's seat, told me I had done very well and that "Sir" was very pleased. He drove me back to the parking lot where my car was and told me to go home and get my toy, he would be calling soon...