I lay back on the sofa, supported by both my elbows. My eyes were wide, as I pouted at the cameraman who was focused on my spread legs. I was wet, my labia open, a trickle of my juice trickled from my opening, down and between the cheeks of my bum, all caught on his UHD camera. The fact that I didn't really want to be here was lost on my body, then it wasn't its fault, it had been helped along the way by a combination of a molly and a line of coke. I was feeling super sexy, and incredibly hot. I looked beyond the camera momentarily, looking for and then seeing my husband. I knew he was enjoying this, my degradation, knew his cock would have been super hard if the woman that had brought us here hadn't sucked his cock dry, just a moment ago. Sucked him, as he watched me, fingering myself for the camera, as he came in her mouth, as she swallowed his load. I should have been jealous of her, but I wasn't. They wouldn't have let him fuck me in any case, not until this, whatever this was, was over. Until then, I was theirs. Perhaps it would never be over, I'd considered that more than once in the last few days. I was distracted, I focused back on the camera lens, and reached down unbidden to pull my clit hood back and caress my bud of joy. I tuned slightly, keeping my legs spread, my feet slightly raised on the six-inch heels I was wearing, the only things I was wearing, and reached for the vibrator I knew was there. I took it, then resumed my original position, and sucked the tip of it, leaving a smear of red lipstick circling it. I looked back up, not seeing my husband, just two other men watching me. Men in designer clothes, with expensive haircuts, and Rolex watches, each had an expensive woman on their arms, equally expensively dressed, their makeup, like mine perfect, one focused on me nodded her approval. They watched as their property fucked herself with the vibrator, now deep in my cunt, as the camera recorded it all in ultra-high definition. Then the orgasm began to build deep inside me, my mouth opened in the expected "O" I came noisily, for the camera, for the men in the designer clothes, and the designer dressed women as they watched me cum.
One week earlier.
"Darling, get a move on, or we're miss the bloody plane," Joel shouted up the stairs.
"Ready!" I called back, even though I wasn't. Well not quite.
"I'll be in the taxi!"
I heard him close the front door and imagined his impatience. I looked at myself in the mirror, my shoulder length blonde hair shone, my 36C boobs contained within my sundress, a hint of cleavage. I was twenty six, but I still got asked for an ID when I went clubbing. I applied my lipstick, and then I was ready. I set the house alarm, then locked the front door behind, sure that I'd forgotten something. At least it wasn't my passport, and my boarding card was downloaded on my phone.
"Phone!" I opened my handbag, to see it there between my purse and passport.
The journey to the airport was its usual tedious self, the driver trying and failing to be amusing, until he finally gave up. I'd like to say we sailed through security, but we didn't, Joel set the alarm off, twice. The happy smiling woman decided my handbag was the one of thousands that needed to be hand searched and held up my spare knickers on the end of her finger for all to see. There were children in the VIP lounge, so that was a waste of money, shouldn't they have been at school? At least they wouldn't be at our hotel, thank God.
The cabin crew were a delight and made the long flight painless. No turbulence, and a following wind we landed early. The resort had sent a car for us, which was waiting, the aircon was pleasantly cool as we sped along the coastal road.
The present day.
Sweat glistened on my body, as I breathed hard after my orgasm, the area on the bed between my legs was soaked, which obviously the cameraman wanted to capture for all to see. I needed some water, the effects of the molly adding to my physical exertions, but we were only just getting started, they wanted their monies worth, and I was going to give it to them, whether I wanted to or not.
"Megan, fuck yourself with your butt plug, as well as the vibrator, angle yourself so I can see both, but keep focused on the camera, it's the camera you're fucking," said the cameraman, whose name I'd already forgotten.
I gave it my full-on porn star performance, well what I knew of porn star performances from watching the occasionally movie, and now I'd be in one myself. I suddenly wondered if my dad would see it, that would give him a heart attack! Then knew he wouldn't, this wasn't going to be shown on any free porn site, and not for a moment did I think he'd pay for quality when he could watch for free. I worked the two toys as I'd been instructed, which meant I was getting there again. They had me switch positions, up on my knees, arse to the camera, as I somehow managed to look over my shoulder at the camera, as it recorded it all, as my small audience watched it all live and up close.
Five days earlier
"Your tan is looking good Meg," Joel said as he admired my naked body.
"Why thank you, you perv!"
"Shame about the white patch."
"Well, it's not that white, thanks to the spray tan I had before we came away. I'll get one of the girls in the spa to do something."
"Get her get rid of that landing strip while she's about it."
"Joel, I am not going totally bare, we've had this conversation before, I like it as it is ok!"
"Not even for me Meg?"
"Not even for you, now let's go down, beach or pool?"
"The pool today, and you can pop in the spa and make your booking, unless you want me to do it?"
"No, I'll book it, then I'll know what I am getting!"
We laid beside the pool for most of the morning, doing absolutely nothing, until one of the resort staff dropped by to enquire if we wanted any of their services, we didn't until she mentioned she was conducting a private tour of Arab quarter that evening.
"How private?" Joel asked her.
"As private as you want, so just the two of you, or a small group, perhaps one other couple?"
"What do you think babe?" He asked.
"Whatever, but let's go, it sounds like fun."
"Just one other couple, then, that way I'll have someone to talk to when she wants to shop!"
"I'll charge it to your room, met at 8.30 in reception. Oh, and comfortable shoes."
With that she was gone. I closed my eyes again and did what I liked to do on holiday. Relax.
At eight thirty we were in the lobby, Joel being one of those "on time freaks."
Ella was our guide, she was nice, and chatty, our fellow tourists were Angela and Mike. She was lovely, he was a complete arse wipe, which meant he got on famously with Joel, and they talked football. Ella knew everyone, and everyone knew Ella. At last, we stopped for a drink. The bar was on a crossroads, with a view down each road. The mint tea was refreshing, Joel drank a beer.
"Ella," Angela said, "why haven't we been down that road?"
As soon as she said it, I wanted to know too. It looked by far the most authentic of all the streets in the Arab quarter.
"It's not nice down there, lots of illegal things. Not for nice people."
"Illegal things, what sort of illegal things?" Mike wanted to know, and I expected Joel did as well.
"Disreputable clubs and bars."
"You mean strip clubs?" Mike asked.
"That and much worse, we should leave," Ella said.
Yes, let's and let's go and take a look," Joel said with sudden found enthusiasm.
"If I take you, you do what I tell you."
The boys agreed, Angela and I just nodded.
At first it was disappointing, not a lot different from where we'd already been, then we turned a corner and that all changed.
"Is that a prostitute over there?" I asked, indicating to a girl standing in the classic hooker pose.
"Yes, she is."
As Ella said that, so the girl waved to her.
"You know her?" I asked.
"Yes, now let's keep going," Ella instructed.
"I want to talk to her, come on," I said.
"Very well, that bar there, you sit, I'll get her."
Her name was Anya, and she worked here every night, but also in the club that she was standing outside of. Angela wanted to go, but I was intrigued, and I didn't know why. I'd seen girls on the street on the wrong side of town where we lived, but here it seemed so decadent, erotic even.
"Can we go in the club," I asked.
"No!" Ella said emphatically.
"Yes!" Anya said equally emphatically.
"I'll get the sack if we get found out." Ella protested, though not very forcibly.
"In that case we should go, this has gone quite far enough," Angela said, getting to her feet.
"I am going in," I said, Angela's prudishness pushing me on.
"Ok, I'll speak to the manger, but first I need to take Angela and Mike out of here."
"At last! "Angela said.
"We'll stay with Anya."
As soon as they were out of sight, Anya stood up. "We'll go in now, I have money to earn, or I'll be in trouble."
With that she began walking to the club, as we scrabbled to catch up with her, even though she was wearing the highest of heels, with the shortest of skirts, plus a cropped top, none of which left anything to the imagination.
"You'd look much hotter in that outfit than she does," Joel said.
"In your dreams," I told him, but wondered if that was true, and what if would be like to wear such clothes and stand on the street corner selling myself. That thought gave me a tingle in my crotch.
We stood just inside the bar, come club, as our eyes adjusted to the light.
"You sit there, I'll get the manager," Anya said.
We sat, as a dozen pairs of eyes watched us, well watched me.
"You the couple that Ella was going to bring to me?" A guy who I took to be the manager asked.
"Yes, yes we are," Joel replied, puffing his chest out.
"Well, this isn't a tourist show. You drink, and you girl, go with Anya, she'll show you around and you can observe, then we'll see if you are going to work here."
"She's ......" Joel began.
"Thanks, we're talk when I come back. Joel, you stay there, I might be awhile, don't worry, I'll be fine," I told him.
I went with Anya though a door, guarded by a heavy, into the inner sanctum. I found myself in a square room, where several girls in various stages of undress paraded, while an equal number of men made their choice.
"This is where you'll come and see if you are chosen, then you'll agree the price depending on what the punter requires, you understand?"
"Yes of course, what is the price range?" I asked her.
"The manager will tell you that, but being new, you will attract a higher price, you'll make good money for the club. I'll show you your room, you're lucky you'll have your own."
She led me deeper into the maze of rooms and passages, until we reached "my room."
I looked around, if was clean, with a toilet and shower behind a curtain. A single bed dominated the room, a bedside cabinet at its side. A cupboard against one wall.
"For clean sheets and towels, plus extra condoms. You change the sheet after every customer like always," Anya explained. "You like?"
"Yes, I like."
"Good, now tomorrow you bring your own clothes, but tonight you can wear some of mine, but make sure you bring them back clean. What size shoes?"
"English size 7," I told her.
She disappeared, leaving me to my thoughts. Was I even considering going through with this? It might be fun, just the once, but without any sex obviously.
She was back almost as soon as she'd gone. She handed me the clothes.
"You change quickly, the manager is waiting for you, and I must work."
I stripped off, as she watched.
"You like girls as well?" Anya asked.
"I'm not fussed either way," I lied. I wasn't in the least bit bi.
"Good, you'll make more money, and we can work together, maybe tonight, yes?"
I looked at myself in the mirror and absent mindedly agreed with her. I couldn't believe the change in me. I looked the part. The top was semi-transparent, my nipples on clear view, no bra obviously, the skirt a Lycra belt, if that. The crotch of my white thong on clear view including my landing strip through the clear panel. But it was the heels that sealed the deal, clear heeled stripper heels.
"I'm not sure I can walk in these," I told her, beginning to walk as I said it.
"Well, we walk now, he's waiting in the bar, don't worry he'll want you working here, you'll see."
By the time we reached the bar I was walking in the heels, almost. I made a mental note to practice in them. Heads turned as we entered, tongues almost hanging out, even Joel, who took longer than he should have to recognise me.
"Fucking hell Meg!"
"Meg, I like that, now turn for me," the manager instructed. "And lift your skirt so I can see your bum."
I did what he asked, giving him and everyone in the bar a look.
"Good, now my office and we'll get the paperwork out of the way, and you," he said to Joel, "stay here, and have another drink on the house."
Joel made to stand and say something but was robustly told to stay exactly where he was.
Once in his office, he wasted no time in laying out the work conditions, as well as the prices I'd charge my customers.
"That man, your husband?"
"Yes, he is."
"Ok, but he can only come here to drop you off, sometimes to collect, but nothing else. He doesn't fuck you before work, understand, the punters don't want sloppy seconds. Now take you knickers off, and we'll see how you fuck."
"What now?" I asked.
"Now, or shall I have someone break his arms because of you wasting my time? Now you know you want to work here, so knickers off!"
I pulled them off, and put them on his desk, he cupped my pussy, which was suddenly sopping. A finger then two easily penetrated me. His cock soon followed, he was good, I suppose he had plenty of practice. I bit my bottom lip as he fucked me hard, with long steady strokes, my cunt gripping his hard cock, as he gripped my hips. Then he withdrew, turned me around and slid back into my now aching and needy pussy from behind, fucking me more forcefully now. Then he gripped my hair, pulled my head back hard so my head came up high, then I saw why, saw the camera, its red light indicating it was recording. I shuddered, a mixture of excitement and resignation. Then I came staring into the camera. I groaned out loud, as he came inside me. It hadn't been good sex, just sex, but I'd passed the audition.
"Now clean me up."
It took a moment for that to register, then I squatted on Anya's six-inch heels, and licked his cock clean of his cum, and my wetness, tasting myself, not for the first time, and tasting him. I was still in audition mode and made sure he appreciated my skills, whether he did or not, I didn't know, and he didn't say.
"Now you sign here, and here," he instructed.
I signed, though what I was signing I wasn't sure.
"Here take this," he said, "tonight you'll need it."
"What is it?"
"What you need, and never question me again, and tomorrow have that fuzz lasered off, our girls are all smooth."
I swallowed it down, and then felt a little lightheaded, which had passed before I'd pulled my knickers up, his come soaking the unlined gusset.
"Now go and say goodbye to the idiot, then get to work."
Joel wasn't best pleased he had to leave, he could probably tell from my flushed face that I'd had sex, that was if he was paying attention, thankfully the light was poor, so maybe not. I explained Anya was going to show me some more of the club workings, and that only paying customers were allowed behind the door and in the bar. He walked out of one door, as I walked into the other, knowing tonight was a one off, and I'd never come here again.
Present day.
I lay on my back, knees bent, feet apart, three men's semen oozed from my cunt and anus. None of which belonged to my husband, although he had watched, as he enjoyed yet another blow job from a nameless woman. My photoshoot and debut porn film were over. I didn't doubt there would be many more. I'd be here again for whatever they wanted to do.
A designer wearing man, that I took to be the one in charge was talking, though not to me.
"Get her cleaned up, then take her to be marked up, then back to the hotel so she can rest until tomorrow when she can begin to make her living. You've got her passport?"
"Yes Sir, and his."
"Make sure he understands, if he fucks her without my say so I'll cut his bollocks off."
"Yes Sir."
An hour later, I was having my first tattoo and it fucking hurt. It was Arabic script, and announced to the world that I was an owned whore, and who my owner was, not that I actually knew. Then my clit hood was cut, half of it being removed, so my clit was always exposed. I'd be back for it to be pierced they said. My nipples didn't have to wait unfortunately, as rings were put in them, and locked closed. My existing belly button ring replaced so as to match, all titanium none which would be going anywhere.
Four days earlier.
I woke refreshed, and strangely content. I stretched, my arms pushing against the headboard. Joel wasn't there, so a good morning fuck was out of the question, if they thought we were not going to, then they were very much mistaken. I still had to decide how I'd explain all this to him, what was he going to say, I had no idea. Did he even have to know? Right then I didn't have any of the answers.
There was a knock at the door before it opened and then closed. I opened my eyes to see Ella standing there, a smirk on her face.
"Ella, what are you doing here?" I asked.
"I've come to make sure you are up, and ready for work, it's mid-morning and you need to be there by 11.30, or had you forgotten?"
I had forgotten, but did that matter, I didn't think it did, but now?
"It's up to you but think about the fact they have a lovely video of you being fucked by the manager, and all of your contacts from your phone. As I said, it's up to you, but in this country that contract you signed is legally binding, plus we don't want Joel getting hurt, do we?"
I felt the floor open up, and I was falling.
"Now get in the shower, while I lay your clothes out, now move slut." Ella shouted.
My makeup done I began to dress as Ella watched. Dress as the prostitute I now was, I felt deflated.
"You have a good body, you'll do well for us, perhaps we put you on the market, and then do even better. Now take this, it will help."
I swallowed what she gave me, I stupidly didn't know what it was. Then I checked myself in the mirror and was appalled. The six-inch heels were a given. The off the shoulder long sleeved Lycra dress which ended at crotch level not a total surprise. The combination of the clothes and makeup proclaimed me as a working girl.
"I can't walk through the resort like this!"
"Why, soon you'll work here, and it pays to advertise."
"What?"
"Come slut, we go."
"What about Joel?" I asked.
"He is fine, I sucked his cock just before I came here, so he's feeling guilty. Let's go, now!"
She escorted me down to the lobby, where the receptionist nodded at Ella.
"She'll make a note on your booking so everyone will know you belong to us now."
"Belong?"
"Did you even read the contract?"
"Well sort of," I replied.
That made her laugh.
"You are our prostitute; you belong to us. Joel isn't allowed to fuck you, and for now we'll keep him docile with blow jobs, until he is sent back to where you come from."
"Not me?"
"You'll stay here. And don't get any ideas, unless you no longer like how you look."
I stayed silent until we reached the club, which I now knew was a euphemism for brothel, and my new place of work, where last night in three hours I'd been fucked my eight strangers and the manager. Today I'd do a full shift, so who knew what my count would be.
"Megan, your first customer is waiting for you, off you go!" The manager instructed.
My mouth must have dropped when I saw him. Mike from the tour.
"Well, isn't this my lucky day," he said.
"Well, it's not mine," I replied. "What do you want?"
"Today, just your pussy, and a nice photo for the wife," he said smiling.
I took him to my room, stripped off, anxious to get this over with. I handed him a condom from my cabinet, but he wanted me to put it on him. He would. I laid on the bed legs wide, opening myself, showing him some pink, as he took his photo, then with me on my hands and knees, a finger resting on my puckered entry. Satisfied he climbed between my legs and penetrated me. I raised my legs up, so I could see my heels. I liked these ones, green, with a silver foot bed, and spikes. I was distracting myself, as he gave me the worst fuck of my life, but at least he was quick, as he soon grunted and ejaculated into the condom. I'd scratched his back, to ensure Angela knew he'd fucked, or at least was suspicious he had. I tried to think if anyone had been quicker, but that honour was all his. It took me longer to change the sheet.
Three days earlier.
Joel was looking at me when I woke up. It was then that I knew that he knew. And I was ashamed. I cried, making my eyes red. Then he told me he'd known all along, knew when I'd come back to the bar after the manager had fucked me.
"I could just tell he'd fucked you, Meg."
"Why didn't you say anything?"
"What was there to say, anyway when I saw you dressed like that my cock was so hard, I was excited by the thought you'd work there. Then Ella came back, took me into an alley and gave me the blow job of my life."
"What, better than mine?"
"Sorry, but yes, and she swallowed."
"So do I now," I admitted.
"I know, I've seen your menu, with the prices."
"I'm sorry Joel."
"I know."
I left for work, they trusted me to go alone, or perhaps it was a test. I could now walk in my heels, even over the rough cobbles. The Policeman saw me, before I saw him.
"Papers."
"I don't have any, and my passport is in my managers office, sorry."
"You know all you whores must carry their ID and health certificates at all times."
"I didn't, sorry I've only just started."
"Where do you work?"
I told him.
"That Hassan knows better; you'll have to come with me to the Police barracks and see the sergeant."
Once there I was booked in and photographed, then fingerprinted. Hassan arrived and paid the fine. The sergeant fucked me on the dirty floor in the cell, then the Policeman took his turn. When I was released, I felt dirty, their combined cum making my knickers wet.
"Why haven't I got the right paperwork?" I demanded of Hassan.
"You will have in a day or two, now get out the front with Anya, and see if you can attract some customers."
And so, I was a street hooker, well I had wondered what it would be like, and now I knew. Truth be told a little scary, but one of the club heavies wasn't far away. I leaned against a wall, and tried out the classic pose, standing on one leg, the other leg bent at the knee, my foot firmly planted against the wall. A couple of guys stopped and talked, as their mate took his Instagram photo. One asked about the club. I sent him in, and to ask for Anya who had not come out after her last punter.
I was there for my third stint, having negotiated three punters, not including the one for Anya, when I saw him. Joel walked slowly down the street, then sat at a pavement table twenty metres away, and as he sipped his beer he watched me, in my newfound profession. I had two more clients, but when I returned after the third, he was gone.
Present day
When had I last seen Joel? It was at the porn shoot, the one where they'd given me coke and a molly at the same time, that had been a blast. I didn't know if he'd left the country or was still here. Had he seen my tattoo, my first one, I was sure they said I needed more. My clit was healing, but the clit itself, now it had nowhere to hide was super sensitive. I was horny and wet constantly. I was injected twice a day, which ramped up my libido. All I could think about was sex, and it didn't matter what type of sex, as long as I was fucked stupid. I needed sex, needed, not wanted. Ok I wanted.
I was collected and taken to who I took to be my owner. It was him, the one from the porn shoot, him with the Rolex watch. He looked at me like I was a piece of meat, and he was hungry.
"You have questions?"
"When will I go home?"
"If you mean England, never."
"Never?"
"I do not debate, you will work at the club and also at the resort, and elsewhere when required. Here is your ID card, health certificates, and your new passport, check them now."
The health certs said I was disease free and was valid for one month. The ID showed a photo of me taken at the resort when we'd first arrived for the resort payment card system, the passport wasn't British, but Algerian, the details were correct, both showed my occupation as "Prostitute".
"You keep those with you at all times, I'll take the passport back."
"It says my marital status is single?"
"You are, the Judge signed your divorce decree this morning."
I just felt numb.
"Now back to work, time is money, go and see Ella."
I found Ella in the lobby.
"Ah good, everything has been explained to you. You have your ID?"
"Yes Ella, in my bag."
"Good don't lose it. Today you will work here."
She explained what I had to do.
I paraded myself around the resort, dressed in a one-piece swimsuit. I say dressed, but it would be more correct to say undressed. The heels were a given. The swimsuit covered less than a skimpy bikini. It was silver and white, ultra-high cut, with a thong back, and plunging neckline. The gusset so narrow, that my outer lips spent most of the time exposed, even after I'd tugged it back down and into place.
I had to strut, and strut I did, covering all the public areas, handing out my card which detailed my services. The image on the card from my porn shoot and left nothing to the imagination. I was ten minutes in when I got my first customer, who I accompanied to his room having negotiated the deal. I was still super horny, and would have done him for free, if that were allowed. I rolled the condom onto his cock in one practiced motion.
"Can I fuck your arse?"
"No, pussy only is what we agreed," I told him, as his cock bottomed out inside me.
"I could just give you a tip, you know between ourselves."
"No, today pussy only, you want my bum, then book me again."
"Ok, now let's be quick, before my wife realises, I am missing."
He fucked me hard, but unsatisfactory for me, he came inside the condom, which I rolled off him, knotted it, then flushed it down the toilet.
"Go and ask for Ella at reception, she'll take you and your wife on a tour of the old Arab quarter. Get her to bring you to the club where I work, then we can have some fun."
"And my wife?"
"If she wants, but there are plenty of distractions for her."
It was mid-afternoon, and hot, when I met up with Ella, she seemed pleased with me, especially as three couples had booked for the tour.
"Ella, I haven't seen Joel, do you know where he is?"
"On the plane to England, he left this morning."