Calista was starting to get excited. She can feel her pussy tingle and start to drip. She has never done something like this before. Her pussy is exposed under her short skirt as she is running errands and she can feel the light breeze stimulate her. She sucked in a sharp breath as the wind picks up and blows the front of her skirt against her clit and partially exposes her bottom.
A few days ago, Calista happened upon the 'Command Me' app which sends out a bunch of random erotic orders. It was up to her whether to follow them or not. She felt a thrill when she signed up and decided to stop satisfying herself to completion until her first order to build up tension.
Right away, Calista went to work on herself. Facing the full length mirror across her bed she stared at herself. She was average height with perky breasts that usually don't need a bra. Today was no different. At the thought of her tits, she let her hand wander from the back of her neck, trailed down her collar bone and gently caress her breast. She started off slow, kneading her tit in a little bit and tracing her finger around where her areola is underneath. Her nipples perked up under her t-shirt at this attention. Her circles tightened until she reached her nubbin and gently almost not touching, passed it over her nipple. She felt her pussy moisten as she continue this while using both hands on each breast, and adding more pressure. As her nipples become more visible in the mirror, she started pinching and twisting her nipples. A small moan escaped her.
She took off her shirt and spread her legs in front of the mirror. She noticed a smal wet patch outlining her pussy lips. She moved her hands down her body, and massaged her outer thighs, slowly moving to the inner thighs. Massaging in a light circular motion up her inner thighs she lightly skimmed the front of her thong. She felt her wetness and her pussy throb. She pressed a finger along her pussy lips starting from the bottom and moving up towards her clit without touching her clit. Her body feels on fire.
She countinued teasing her lips getting the sticky moisture all over her pussy and her fingers. With her fingers drenched she uses her middle finger to make light circles around her clit while using her other hand to push her thong aside and expose her cunt in the mirror. She was tantilized by how wet she was and was increasingly aroused by the sound of her finger slicking around her clit. She dipped her finger in her pussy to collect more moisture and started adding more pressure to her clit. She can feel her orgasm building starting as each stroke of her clit sends slowly building waves of pleasure through her body. Her strokes become more fervent now and her hips move in time with her strokes. As soon as she almost reached climax she stops all movement and falls back onto her bed panting.
Shakily she sits up and with every movement her pussy throbs from need. she re-arranges her wet thong back to cover up and sets off to work.
Calista was distracted throughout the day and constantly refreshed the app to get a prompt so she can satiate her need. she took multiple breaks to edge herself in the unisex restroom while being careful not to climax. She was so fucking horny and throughout the day felt her pussy drip through her thong and onto her office chair.
This continued for another two days and Calista's body was begging for release when finally her phone chimed. "Wear your sluttiest outfit while out in public. NO BRA AND NO PANTIES ALLOWED."
Calista shivered in excitement as she selected her shortest skirt and white spaghetti strap tank she knows her nipples will show through. She then grabbed her purse and grocery list and ran out the door.
Her journey to the store brings us back to the beginning of the story. With the wind picking up, Calista hurries into the grocery store.
At the grocery store, she can feel eyes on her in her skimpy outfit. She can feel her nipples stiffen in the air conditioned building. She took her time selecting each item and felt deliciously eaten by all the eyes around her. In a pretty secluded aisle while she was benting over to pick up her basket and noticed a woman trying to cover up a drip from her own pussy down her inner thighs as she processed the view in front of her.
Mischeviously, Calista sticks her ass out while leaning on a shelf to give her a better view of her wet pussy. She reaches back to slide the skirt further up her ass to lightly skim her pussy lips and show the woman how wet she was. The woman was mesmerized. Calista slips a finger in and finger fucks herself for a few moments and was rewarded with a moan coming out of the woman's lips.
As Calista gets bolder, she hears a cart come down the aisle and she straightens up. The woman however could not look away from Calista. Calista bekons the woman to follow her and the woman complies.
Nearby is a secluded trail where Calista go on runs. There she sat the woman down and knelt in front of her in the lush grass. "Did you like what you saw back there?" Calista asked. The woman swallowed hard and whispered a shaky "yes..."
Calista then lifted the woman's skirt and spread her legs. Taking in the erotic site of her panties drench in her juice. Calista licked her lips and stared the woman in the eyes. "What's your name?" "Iris" she said. "I'm Calista and I am going to fuck you. Is that ok Iris." she said while slowly kneading Iris' inner thighs. Iris gave a quick nod while licking her lips savouring Calista's touch.
With the consent Calista slowly lick and kiss her way up Iris' inner thigh and taking in the tart scent if Iris's throbbing pussy. She kept going down the other thigh when Iris groaned, begging for release. "tsk tsk, If you're too loud, people might hear us." scolded Calista while moving her hand to lightly rub Iris' panties into her pussy lips. Iris gasped at the contact and quickly tried to stifle herself with her hand. Smiling, Calista pulled Iris's panty down and told her to use that to muffle herself. Iris complied.
"Remove that when you cum though because I want the world to hear me make you scream." with that Calista focused her attention back to the drenched pussy in front of her. She leans in and using a flat tongue and licked from the base of the cunt to the clit while pointing her tongue when she reached the clit. Iris arched her back in response and let out muffled moans in sync with Calista's licks. Calista probed Iris' pussy with her tongue then directed her tongue to Iris' protruding clit. With her hand she slipped a finger into Iris' pussy and started finger fucking her slowly while using the point of her tongue to trace circles around Iris' clit. She was rewarded with a flood of pussy juice that dripped down her chin as she licked. She smiled savoring the tart flavor. She hear Iris increase her moans and knows that she is close by the rhthym of her hips meeting her finger and tongue. Iris moved the panty away from her face as Calista's inserted two fingers and started gently sucking Iris' clit. Iris screamed a moan and her hips buckled as the orgasm rippled through her body. Calista removed her sticky fingers but maintained her licks during this and using the barest lick to elicit a few more moans and orgasms from Iris until Iris moved her head away and collapsed out of breath and panting.
While Iris recovers, Calista leans back on the grass to reveal her dripping cunt to Iris. Iris sucks in a sharp breath in anticipated. Calista lowers her straps to reveal her breasts and watches Iris lick her lips as her nipples harden in the cool air. Calista scoots back a few inches to lean on a tree as she spread her legs further for Iris. Seeing Iris' eyes glued to her wet pussy sends a shudder down Calista's body. Her pussy has been aching the whole time she was eating Iris out and is begging for attention. She wasted no time with foreplay and slipped two fingers in her pussy. She moaned at the touch and stared into iris' eyes as she lick the length of her finger. Trails of saliva dripped from her mouth as she moved her finger down to her clit. She dexterously moved her wet fingers around her clit watching iris see the clit poke out of its hood. while she continues to finger fuck herself and rub her clit she sees Iris get up to lay next to her to take a nipple into her mouth. Her gentle tug and sporatic nibbles along with Calista's own ministrations on her pussy sent waves of pleasure through her body. Calista was squirming under the heat of the sun and her moans intensified. Iris moved her mouth next to Calista's ear and whispered hotly, "Cum for me." With that Calista's body tensed and released with the crash of the final wave of intense pleasure she built up in the last few days.
Iris took her in her arms as she shuddered out the after waves of her orgasm while rubbing her back gently.
"Wow, that was amazing." they both said in unison and laughed. Calista and Iris straigten up and they exchanged numbers. Calista knows that she will be seeing more of Iris as she got home and heard her phone chime.