Yes, money became the issue that forced my wife and me apart. Infidelity did not bother me, as I benefited from her sexual adventures. They aroused me. I felt no need to have an affair with another woman, but I could no longer tolerate living on the financial edge. We tried "living together" with me handling the money, but it drove her crazy. If she could not control the checkbook, then she wanted out. Ellie had sold her business when the economy took a down turn, and she was now working as a temp for various technical companies in our area.
We knew the time had come to separate, but Ellie asked me to wait six months—until school was out for the kids. That way, we could help them adjust to the separation. I later figured out that Ellie was afraid to go out and live on her own. She wanted the financial stability that I provided, but she did not want me to manage the money. She had to have whatever she wanted whether or not we had the resources. She figured she could use my thrill of her sexual adventures and my sexual needs to keep me around as long as possible.
Ellie bought a red lace bustier, red silk stockings, and red high heels to surprise me that Christmas. She agreed, the first time that she modeled for me, that the outfit looked sexier without panties. The lace cups could be worn covering her breasts or folded under like a shelf bra to push her tits upright allowing her hard nipples to point outwards. Naturally, I loved the latter effect and look. She would dress in the outfit for a late night session of foreplay and sex after the kids had gone to bed. I enjoyed the sex play, and we were still living together, so I was not going to pass on sex when she was in the mood. I think we had sex more frequently after we agreed to separate than we did at any other point in our married lives.
I knew that Ellie would have to be able to support herself, so I convinced her to buy an elegant red dress for work. It buttoned up the front. The reds of her new lingerie and dress matched, so I persuaded her to wear the bustier under her dress for work. I watched her pull on the panties the first time she dressed that way. "No panties," I said. "And keep the bra cups folded under."
"But you know my boss has already made a pass at me," Ellie complained. She was working as a temp assistant to a high tech company VP. "He has me shadow him every day. He takes me to lunch with our customers. He has me work along side him in his office, often with the door shut."
"Yes," I replied. "And you want full-time work, and you did say he is attractive despite being fifteen years older than us."
Ellie sighed, "I'll know how exposed I am."
"Yes," I replied, "and that will keep you edgy and aroused all day. Just let whatever happens happen."
Ellie complained that she didn't have a slip that matched the outfit. "No slip; no slips with any of your outfits anymore" I ordered. "You are beginning a new, sexier work life—more confident, more aggressive, ready to demand respect and ready to reward those who reward you."
"You want me to seduce my workmates?" Elie asked, and then she smiled. "I suppose that would be fun. I'm only a temp, and the job ends in a few weeks. If they like this new me, they just might keep me on. And, I do like feeling sexy."
I left for work before her. She called me later that morning to tell me that she discovered that if she left the bottom two buttons undone, the dress would drape open when she sat and crossed her legs. Leaving the top two buttons undone exposed the tops of her breasts when she leaned forward and threatened to expose her nipples if she leaned over when standing.
"I think my boss likes the look," she said. "He asked me to clear his schedule after lunch and book a couple of hours for the two of us to discuss a new project. He said he needs me to take notes, react to his ideas, and prepare a rough draft of his proposal. I'll be alone with him most of the afternoon."
I told her I could not wait until the evening to learn how her day had gone.
Ellie did not change when she got home. She took off her heels but remained in her work clothes until the kids had gone to bed. That night, she donned her heals, sat in a dining room chair, and began to tell her story:
" After beginning my day in the office, I realized that if I undid a third bottom button, my stocking tops showed and revealed that I was wearing garters instead of panty hose. It felt so sexy knowing a hint of bare thigh showed when I walked if anyone bothered to notice. When I sat in the chair next to my boss's desk and crossed my legs, the garter snap and my bare thighs showed. I simply draped my dress open so it lay flat in a "V" across my thighs. He noticed my change in dress immediately. As he dictated my tasks for the day and letters to type, I uncrossed my legs and re-crossed them over and over left and right. I did not know if he could see that I was not wearing panties, but it was very obvious to me. He beckoned for me to look at a chart on his desk, and I noticed him look down the front of my dress when I did so."
"After that, he had lots of charts and diagrams for me to study. I stood at a right angle and remained bent over for as long as I could. I did not look at myself, but I hoped he could see my nipples. They were so hard, and I was yearning for him to pinch them. You know how I like to have my nipples pinched. At some point, I undid the third button on the top, and then I was sure my breasts were exposed. I could feel his breath on my nipples. I was trying hard not to cum from the excitement of exposing myself to him."
"As lunch time neared, he told me to clear his calendar for the entire afternoon. I think I told you that he first asked for a couple of hours. Anyway, when we returned after lunch, he told me to tell the other office managers we were not to be disturbed and to lock his office door when I returned. I found myself blushing going around telling the other assistants that we were working on a special project and we were not to be disturbed. Some merely nodded that they understood, but others laughed. Two winked at me and said, 'Sure, okay.' "
"He motioned for me to take my seat after I locked the door. He told me that his previous assistant helped close the companies sales contracts, and if I thought I might be good at that, he would have a permanent position for me. 'What would that entail?' I asked him. He said I would be accompanying him to sales meetings. That would require travel, knowing our product, and making potential customers comfortable."
" What does that mean?" I asked.
"What you are thinking it means," Ellie replied. "Some of the assistants had already told me that my predecessor provided sexual favors for clients when needed. They implied that some of them had as well but were "retired" from providing that company service. I didn't believe it until today. It seems they have been working through temps trying to find a suitable replacement. My dress today convinced my boss I might be the one."
"So?" I wondered aloud.
Ellie continued on. "He asked me to stand and turn around slowly, so he could look at me. He asked me about you and if you were jealous. I told him we were having problems and that you had always wanted me to show myself off and sleep with other men. I told him I have been reluctant, but I was experimenting today. He asked me if I was excited knowing he had been checking me out. I told him I was. That's when he asked me to remove my dress. I hesitated and told him I was not wearing panties. I was embarrassed. He laughed and told me it was too late. He had already noticed even though he did not a get a good look. He said he wanted a good look now."
"What did you say?" I asked.
"Don't you mean to ask, 'What did I do?'" Ellie replied.
"I slowly unbuttoned my dress while staring into his eyes, daring him to look at me. When I finished, I allowed it to drape momentarily over my shoulders before letting it drop to the floor. He said nothing. He rose, walked around me, felt my breasts, ran his hand over my butt, ran his hand between my legs, and then played with my clit. I stood still and allowed him the intimacy. He asked if I was interested in becoming his assistant permanently. I would be on the payroll with full benefits."
"He laughed when I asked about the job description and pay. 'What you have been doing now, plus you will travel with me. You will help me sell our products to our clients. If they need a soft touch to convince them to sign, you will provide whatever services they desire. When not engaged with a client, you will be with me when we travel. I generally book a two-room suite or adjoining rooms when I travel. The second room is for you to service the client when required. Otherwise, we will spend our time together. On occasion, other VPs may request your presence, and you will make yourself available to them as well.'"
"Did he tell you what your salary would be," I asked.
"I inquired about compensation. He offered me $10,000 a month, plus 1% commission whenever my services are needed to seal the deal. I will receive a clothing allowance. That means he will accompany me to stores and pay for the outfits and lingerie required for work and travel. All expenses are covered while traveling."
He mentioned that you would be allowed to attend dinners and parties with clients when they are in town, but you must identify yourself as an employee and not mention that I am your wife. That will allow you to watch me in public and in private if the situation arises. I don't know if or when that might happen, but he assured me it would."
"And?" I probed.
"I was ready to sign, but he had one more test for me. He told me to put my dress back on but to button only the one button at my waist. As long as I stood straight, the dress draped around me like normal. But when I walked? Well, my breasts and my cunt were exposed when I walked. He told me to go to all the assistants and tell them to send their boss to the office to witness my employment contract. I was so embarrassed, because they all knew I was signing on as the company whore. But, I was turned on as well."
I don't know what excited me more? Was it when I revealed my new status or when I stripped again—this time for the VPs? The company president took me from behind when I bent over my boss's desk to sign the contract. I lay there moaning while he pumped me with his cock until he finally ejaculated inside me. I didn't have any panties, so his cum ran down my leg and dried on my stockings before the workday ended. "
"I have left them on for you," Ellie said as she stood and dropped her dress revealing the red stockings streaked with white dried seman. " Are you ready to go to bed and celebrate my new job? Oh, and my boss is taking me shopping tomorrow. Then, we will leave Sunday for my first assignment in Seattle. I am so excited."
"Uhhh," I started to say, but Ellie stopped me with a finger to my lips. "I will tell you everything while wearing my sexiest outfit from the trip when we return," Ellie whispered. "In a few months I will have money, and then we can discuss our future. "
Ellie rose early Sunday morning to shower and prepare for her trip to Seattle. Her bags were packed with the new clothes and lingerie picked out and purchased by her boss. She had not shared them with me, but promised to model the most successful pieces when she returned. She wanted them fresh for her boss and their clients.
She emerged naked from her shower and asked me to help shave her vulva so she was fresh and smooth for her trysts. I left the tuft of hair above her clitoris as she asked and began massaging in her lotion to keep the skin smooth. As her eyes began to roll behind closing lids, I moved to her clit. That got her attention, and she slapped my hand away. "That is not for you," she said. "Maybe when I return, if I am not too tired from being used in Seattle, I will let you have your turn. But, for now, you must leave me alone."
I watched her dress in the red outfit that won her her "permanent" job. Her boss wanted to enjoy it more properly on their flight to Seattle. I watched her walk to his limo and reach for an extended hand before stepping into the back seat. I watched the car until it disappeared on its way to the airport. "What stories will she have when she returns home?" I wondered.
Ellie did not call or email. I expected her return on Wednesday evening and heard the limo pull up in front of our house. I watched from the window as her boss came around and opened her door, extending his hand to help her out. They embraced and exchanged a long, passionate kiss. Any of our neighbors who might have looked out their windows would have had a clear view. She then took her bag and walked towards the house. Her dress was new to me, slit up the side and low-cut V extended well below her breasts to show off her cleavage and much of the insides of her breasts. A new pendant hung into her cleavage calling attention to it as if the dress was not enough. Her hair was done into a new elegant style. She was beaming when she stepped thought the doorway and stopped to kiss me.
"Are the kids in bed?" she asked. "Yes," I replied. "Good, let me go kiss them good night. Then we can retire to the bedroom, and I will tell you about Seattle. Why don't you go in, take your clothes off, and wait for me in bed."
It was not long before Ellie entered our bedroom and closed the door. I watched her reach behind her head to release the catch on her dress. She dropped her arms, and the dress slid slowly to the floor. She wore only a garter belt, silk stockings, and her new high heels. She looked stunning.
"Do you want me to keep the heels on?" she asked. I could only nod having lost my voice.
Ellie smiled and said, "Good choice. I have learned it is sexier with the heels on."
She curled her legs under her as she sat beside me on the bed. "Are you ready for your story?" she asked as she reached for my cock. She took me in her hand and began to rhythmically squeeze and stroke me. Again, I could only nod.
"My boss made sure the bottom four buttons of my dress were undone after I got into the limo. That meant it draped open to the top of my stockings. If I spread my legs, you could see all of me. We had airline seats in first class. I sat at the window, and he on the aisle. We boarded first, which meant that everyone else walked past us to get to the seats. He told me to cross my legs so that my bare thigh above my stocking top was on display. Just to make sure everyone notice, he placed his hand on my thigh and caressed me as people boarded. Most passengers starred as they passed; some even smiled at me. He insisted on referring to me as Mrs. Jones in a tone of voice that reinforced the fact that I was a married woman traveling with someone other than my husband."
"Nothing more happened until we had checked into our suite. As he promised, there were two bedrooms, but the bellhop put both of our bags into one room as he instructed.
When the bellhop had left, he took my face in his hands and kissed me softly. He told me he now wanted to see me without the dress in the privacy afforded us in our room. He said that his office had not allowed him to properly appreciate my beauty. Then, he pulled my face in for another long kiss, this time probing my mouth with his tongue. It felt as if his tongue was making love to my mouth, dancing with my tongue. I fumbled with the buttons of my dress as he kissed me. When we broke contact, I allowed the dress to fall from my shoulders, and I stood before him in my bustier. I did a slow spin for him, and he stopped me to stroke and rub my ass as he continued to extoll my beauty. I felt wonderful hearing his words. When I turned to face him again, I put my arms around his neck and pulled him into another kiss. We swayed together to some silent tune."
"I started undressing him as he danced me to the bed. I really wanted to see and feel his cock in my hand. I was not disappointed. And yes, he is bigger than you. I sank to my knees and started kissing and licking his cock. I sucked his balls softly into my mouth before continuing to lick him back up the length of his cock before sucking him into my mouth. I concentrated on taking him down into my throat. I worked at him until I relaxed, and my nose was buried in his pubic hair."
"Oh, does that turn you on?" Ellie giggled as I moaned. "Maybe I will deep throat you tonight, although you don't present much of a challenge for me now." Then she rubbed my cock against her face, running her cheeks over the sensitive underside as if she were worshiping it. I had to stop her before she made me cum. "You like that don't you?" she continued.
" So did my boss. When I felt him begin to swell and tremble, I pulled him from my mouth and rubbed his cock over my face. He moaned, then grunted, and began cumming...hard. His cum pumped up and into my hair before I could react. His seman coated my face as I pulled back to watch. I think I even got some in my eye before I could get my mouth back over it and swallow the last spurts. I continued to rub his cum into my face with his cock as he told me what a great cocksucker I was. He asked if you had taught me to suck cock like that. I laughed, and said if I was to be his loving whore, he had to allow me some secrets. I couldn't tell him that my sister's husband, Frank, had taught me how to worship a man's cock and enjoy playing with and swallowing cum. If my boss had any doubts about my abilities to please a man sexually, they were gone in that instant."
"He helped me finish undressing. I can't remember any man loving my body as he did while he undressed me. He knelt between my legs and slowly removed each stocking, kissing his way down my thighs, licking my cunt like he was a kitten lapping at a bowl of milk, purring the whole time. He took my face in his hands and kissed me deeply again even though I was covered in his cum. He kept telling me how much he loved me and how exciting I was."
"He led me to the shower, and we wrapped our arms around each other and then washed each other's hair. He ran his hands down my back and washed me between my butt cheeks, paying careful attention to my anus. I returned the favor and worked my finger into his butt. He was so hard against my belly that I thought he would come again. Then he turned me around and began washing my breasts. He soaped them until they were covered in lather and then directed the shower spray at them. I thought my nipples would explode before he moved down to my vulva. Again he turned the spray on my clit until I came while he held me up and kept me from falling."
"By the time we were finished, I needed my hair done again. He called for room service to send up a hairdresser. Then he wrapped me in a bath towel—to wait. Imagine my surprise when a male beautician showed up. My boss smiled and took the towel away. He gave my hand to this stranger and told him to make me beautiful. At first I was embarrassed, but then I began to enjoy his hands working with my hair, massaging my scalp. Before he finished, he laid me out and rubbed lotion into my legs and vulva. I did not stop him when he paid close attention to my clitoris and had me bucking against his hand begging him to make me cum. But, instead he rolled me over and massaged my back and then my butt. Before he finished, he worked lube into my asshole bringing me close to cumming again. The he did my makeup—face and body. He brushed glitter over the tops of my breasts and down my cleavage. That is when I noticed my dress for dinner had been laid out. I knew my breasts were going to receive a lot of attention while we ate."
"I dressed for dinner after the beautician left,. My boss had dressed while I was being prepared. No stockings that night and no lingerie, just an almost shear silk dress that hugged my body. If you looked closely, it seemed as if you could see my nipples, but it was an illusion. The front was slit open from the bottom hem to just below my own slit. My entire leg was exposed when I walked. When I sat down to dinner, it fell open to expose my legs and my pussy if you stood at the waiter's view, and the waiters did take their time enjoying the view."
"After a few drinks and entwined slow dancing in the bar, my boss took me back to the room. He started a fire in the fireplace, dimmed the lights to almost nothing, and opened the drapes. I had been so preoccupied earlier that I had not noticed the view of Seattle. He took me in his arms again and began another long slow kiss. He told me I was beautiful. He told me he loved me. He told me he was looking forward to sharing me as a sex toy for his customers. He said he could not wait to see their reaction when they realized I was theirs to use however they wanted for their pleasure and mine."
Ellie's touch and words made me start cumming. My cum shot into the air and landed several feet away as she continued to stroke me, laughing while I came. "So, you like your wife as the perfect whore and slut. Maybe I should have engaged in story time with you long before now. But my story is not finished."
"He slipped the dress from my body, and I stood before the fire so he could enjoy me with his eyes. Then I moved to the wall of windows looking over the city. I secretly hoped there were others out there who could see me standing there, naked for their enjoyment as well."
"Then he took my hand and led me back to the fire. His erection was inviting, and I could not wait to feel him penetrate me. He laid me down onto the floor and covered me in kisses. He sucked my nipples and licked my cunt until I begged him to make me cum. At that point he mounted me, and penetrated my cunt with one hard thrust. As he sank deeply into me, he stuck his tongue in my mouth and searched that cavity as he began to slowly thrust in and out of me. Gently at first, then harder, deeper, until I clasped my legs around his waist and begged him to fuck me. Then he began to thrust faster and harder."
"I could feel him swelling inside me, and then I felt the powerful spurts as he began ejaculating inside me. His first burst of cum pushed me over the top and I began cumming myself, screaming for him to not stop. Then he slowed, and I relaxed my grip with my legs as we began to come down. I told him what a wonderful lover he was. I told him I wished my husband knew how to fuck me like he just fucked me. I told him I wanted him to take me to his bed and hold me tightly as I fell asleep. I asked him to make love to me when he felt the need in the night, because I wanted his cum pumping inside me again. I told him I was his whore and lover to use as he wished."
"Then he rose and took me into his arms. Housekeeping had turned down the bed while we were at dinner. He laid me in his bed and then climbed in beside me. He took me in his arms and stroked my hair and face as he kissed my neck until I drifted off to sleep. My last memory before I next awakened was of his cock slowly growing between my butt cheeks. I think I was purring before sleep came."
Ellie stopped stroking my now limp cock. "I think that is enough for you tonight. Tomorrow I will tell you about Monday and the two business partners looking for a reason to sign our contract."
Ellie was already up with the kids when I woke up. She had made the breakfast, gotten them ready for school, and was telling them about the sights in Seattle, the Space Needle, and other facts your could get reading the brochures usually found in hotel lobbies. She was still in her robe.
"Won't you be late for work?" I asked.
"No," she replied. "My boss gave me the morning off so I could spend some time with the kids. Then he is coming here for lunch to review the new contract. The CEO is coming as well. I should have warned you last night, please don't plan to come home for lunch. They will be gone by the time school is out."
I knew enough now to keep my mouth shut. I had encouraged her new job and our marriage was ending when the school year ended. I merely nodded my understanding.
When I got home that evening, our bedroom door was closed, and Ellie and the kids were playing in the yard. I opened the door and went in. The remains of candles were placed around the room. There were six vases filled with red roses. A check for $20,000 made out to my wife was on my pillow. I backed out, closed the door, and joined them in the yard. Ellie looked at me and smiled. "All these years of enjoying my freedom and your naïveté has finally paid off," she laughed. "It turns out I am well suited for and very good at my new job." She looked at the kids and the back at me, "I will tell you about Monday later tonight."
I was back in bed, naked again at her request. Ellie came in after saying good night to the kids and tucking them in; their usual routine.
She disrobed, removing her usual jeans and casual blouse. No special lingerie for me—just her everyday bra and panties. She walked to me naked; there was something different about how she carried herself. She kissed me lightly on the lips. "Are you thinking about how much you are going to miss your well paid whore?" she asked as she took me in her hand again and continued her story.
" I awoke in the middle of the night and I could feel my boss's erection pushing against my ass. I half turned, kissed him, and told him I was okay with him fucking my ass if that is what he wanted. He rolled me onto my stomach and began pushing in. I pushed back. I was still lubed from my earlier massage and I wanted to feel him in my ass. It has been so long, and you never push hard enough, no matter how much I have urged you to take me. I yelped from pain and pleasure when he slipped through my sphincter. He started moving slowly, but then I urged him to fuck me harder when I had adjusted to his size. I begged him to be rough with me, to pound my ass, and make me cum. I buried my head in my pillow and screamed with pleasure as I came, and then I felt the swelling and pulsing of his cock as he came. I felt empty as he pulled out and collapsed exhausted beside me. Then I felt his cum leaking out and running down across my cunt. I rolled over, and he looked at me. He asked if you had taught me that. I touched his lips and whispered that I already had explained a whore had her secrets. I could not tell him about Robert and the joys of sex he had taught me. He nodded and we fell back asleep, this time with me taking him in my arms and me cradling his shrunken cock in my hands. He was still wet and messy, but I did not care. I wanted to show him how much I loved him."
"We showered together in the morning, but he was gentle and did not want sex. When I got out of the shower, I was startled to find a gorgeous, young naked woman standing with a towel reaching for me. I looked at my boss, and he laughed explaining she was here from room service to get me ready for the day. She dried me, paying careful attention to my breasts, my cunt, and my ass. She took care to kiss all my special places and she took my hands and rubbed them over her special places. When she had done my hair and make up, she stood behind me with a mirror so I could see all her handy work. She reached over my shoulder to put the mirror down on the vanity. Then, to my surprise, she took my breasts in her hands, fondling them as she kissed my neck. She told me how jealous she was of the day that lay ahead. She then led me to the bedroom where my new dressing gown was laid out. I recognized it from when my boss and I went shopping. Short sleeves rested on my shoulders. Twenty small pearl buttons closed it tight across my midriff, leaving my breasts exposed; their underside resting on a sea of lace. The buttons stopped where the tuft of public hair begins, framing it as if it were a gem in its own right. My pussy and legs were fully exposed while the shear material fell in folds behind me. Only my ass was covered, although you could make out its shape through the gauzy material."
"There was a knock at the door and my boss, fully dressed in his business suit, asked me to answer it. Two male waiters stood with their carts filled with breakfast goodies. They smiled at my dress as they entered and began setting four places at the dining in our suite. I looked at my boss, and he smiled and told me he had forgotten to tell me we had a breakfast meeting with our clients. The maid emerged from the bedroom, now dressed, and she left with the waiters. A few minutes later, there was another knock on the door, and my boss asked me to greet our clients. I smiled and walked confidently to the door, my head erect and my breasts thrust out. I extended my hand to the two men who stood at the doorway. I kissed each of them as they entered and told them it was my pleasure to finally meet them."
"I offered to take their suit jackets and then we sat down to eat. At first I was self-conscious being basically naked with my breasts and pussy framed to enhance their attraction. Then I got used to it and eagerly joined in the sales pitch. They offered to take me on a personal tour of their plant while my boss met with their financial department. I know they took in the fact that we had two bedrooms, but only one appeared to be used."
"My boss said he needed to finish getting ready and that the staff had laid out an outfit for me. All three men accompanied me into the bedroom. My boss excused himself and stepped into the bathroom. I turned to the two men and asked if one of them cared to help me with the small buttons on my gown. I explained that my breasts prevented me from seeing them clearly. The older of the two stepped forward and weighed my breasts in his hands. He agreed that they could make dressing difficult for me, but he thought they were beautiful as he rolled my nipples between his fingers, gently pulling them."
"Standing before them naked, I turned to contemplate the clothes laid out for me, and I could feel them checking out my ass. I smiled and picked up the garter belt and attached it around my waist. I picked up the stockings, turned, sat on the bed, and asked if one of them would help me put them on. The other partner stepped forward and knelt before me. I rolled up the stocking and handed it to him. He placed it on my foot. Then he used both hands to slowly unroll it up my leg, continuing up to stroke my pussy when he ran out of stocking. I attached one garter strap, and he repeated his maneuver with the next stocking. I attached the other strap, stood and turned around asking him to please attach the back straps. He ran his hands over my ass and kissed my cheeks before doing so. I moaned in appreciation."
"I thanked him. Then I pulled on the brief panties that had been left for me and the wisp of a bra. I turned to the older partner and asked him to hook the bra for me. A simple, light summer dress was draped across the bed, so I pulled it over my head. I was now dressed relatively proper compared to the other outfits we had brought. I slipped on some matching high heels, and I was ready to go."
"The details of the day are unimportant. The partners took every opportunity to put their arms around me and rub my butt while showing me their business. I pointed out where our services would complement their production. At one point they asked about my personal services, and I assured them they would not be disappointed."
"At the end of the day we returned to the suite. Dinner reservations had been made for four. Again, I had an audience as I prepared for the evening. I slipped off the bra and panties while they watched me don another thin, body-fitting silk sheath that tied behind my neck. It was backless and dropped to just short of my butt. My breasts were held up by a gathering of the material forming itself to their shape. Side slits ran nearly to my waist. When I walked, it was obvious I was not wearing panties, because the dress parted to my hips, making my gartered stockings clearly visible. I was covered, but I felt naked and on display. My pussy was wet before we even left the room."
"I danced with both men after dinner and their hands explored my body. My back was open and they rubbed it softly. When they thought no one could see, they ran their hands inside my dress to rub my ass. Both of them rubbed their erections against my belly to let me know how turned on they were. "
"When we returned to the suite, I was not surprised to find the fire had been lit, the lights dimmed, and both beds had been turned down. Candles were lit in the second bedroom. I knew where I would sleep that night."
"My boss said he was tired and excused himself to the other bedroom and closed the door. I walked to the fireplace, untied the bow at my neck, and allowed my dress to slip to the floor. 'Do you have other personal services you would like me to perform before you sign our contract,' I asked. I walked to the older gentleman, and he took me in his arms and began kissing me as his hands explored my body. His partner joined him, and soon I was turned back and forth as each took his turn kissing and caressing me. I helped them undress, and we laid down in front of the fire. I continued moving between the two, stroking their now hard erect cocks, taking each in my mouth and rubbing them across my face. I asked the men if they wanted to fuck me. 'Yes,' they said, and I suggested we move to the bedroom where it would be more comfortable."
"The younger of the two began playing with my anus and slowly inserted a finger while I was kissing his partner. I turned and smiled at him and told him I was fine with him taking my ass if that is what he wanted. His partner pulled me back into a kiss and pulled me on top of him. I settled my cunt onto his cock and began to rise up and down. He pulled me to his chest and opened my ass cheeks. I felt his partner push against my anus, and I pushed back. He entered me forcefully and the two men began to use me as their fuck toy.
"I don't think they gave a thought to being gentle, they just fucked me hard after they settled into a rhythm. I was in heaven, lost in thoughts of Robert and Thomas taking me on the beach so many years ago. I know I was moaning and urging them to fuck me harder. I came loudly at least three times before they started pumping their cum into my body. I fell to the bed covered in sweat and exhausted when they finally released me. As I began to regain my awareness and composure, I noticed my boss smiling in the open bedroom door. He gave me a "thumbs up" when he caught my eye and disappeared back to the other bedroom."
"I did not sleep much that night. The two men took turns using me in various ways throughout the night. They each came in my butt, my cunt, and my mouth before they were sated. When they awoke in the morning, I knelt before them and jacked them off as they came over my face and tits. Happy with my appearance, they took turns showering and dressed begging off breakfast. They had my boss take pictures with them dressed and me kneeling between the two of them still covered in their dry cum. I felt like a well-used slut in that moment. I don't know when I have ever felt so used, yet so alive in that moment. I knew then that I had made the right choice, and I was looking forward to the next sales call."
"The remainder of the day was relatively uneventful. I showered with my boss and sucked him off in the shower. We ate, went to their company, and collected the signed business contracts. We did some shopping and sight seeing before returning to the suite. My boss and I ordered room service and spent the rest of the evening making love in front of the fire. He was sweet and gentle. I do believe I love him for more than just sex."
"Today he brought our CEO here to lunch. He fucked me when I signed my contract, but my boss had told him about the partners fucking me in the ass and cunt at the same time. He didn't believe it, so I took them both on into our bedroom and into our bed before school was out. You saw my bonus check for the Seattle contract. I am going to enjoy this job, and the money isn't bad either."
Ellie laughed, and then she mounted me. She had played with my cock, but she had not allowed me to cum while she told her story. She kissed me softly as said, "I thought you would like to fuck me one more time before we separate. Make it good. I have a new lover now and he makes me feel better than you ever did."
Money. Money ended our marriage. I enjoyed and was satisfied by my wife's sexual adventures, but she needed her monetary freedom. She spent money like she fucked—with abandon. I could not accept surrendering our financial security. That was way out of my comfort zone. Yet, Ellie procrastinated in signing the divorce papers. It was two more years before she felt comfortable being without my support. She finally believed that she could provide for herself. At that point, she signed the papers and we were both free to pursue new pleasures.