Kate and I are working on another crime story with Karin Roland, our private investigator; but during a recent road trip, Kate indulged my need for some old Country & Western music by setting the dial to "Willie's Roadhouse" on Sirius/XM. As many of you may know, at least half, if not more, old C&W songs lend themselves to the "Loving Wives" genre. A song came on the radio that planted a germ of an idea, Billy Walker's "Charlie's Shoes" is a song about a man who covets another man's wife and so...
...away we go -
Sally and I were having dinner at 'The Hen House' (or as it's known locally - "the Hen"), the best local hangout for steak, music and dancing, when she walked in the place; Henry Phillips walked in right behind her. Whatever caught my attention made Sally turn toward the door, then back at me. I didn't realize I was staring until Sally spoke up.
"Geezus, Dwayne; try sticking your eyeballs back in your head. And please close your mouth."
I was embarrassed to say the least. It's just that whoever was with Henry was the most gorgeous creature I'd ever seen in real life. She had to stand five-seven and she couldn't have weighed more than one-twenty, but with curves. To top it off, she wore clothes that accented all the right features; high heels, short skirt, tight sweater with a swooping neckline, beautiful hair. Definitely not your typical girl from this little town.
I hadn't seen Henry in at least seven years; that's when he took off to find his fortune in the oil fields half-way around the world. Word came back that Henry did all right for himself; not crazy ass rich, but enough to keep him in comfort for the rest of his life. It seemed to have also allowed him to attract the kind of woman that needed money. That's not to say Henry didn't have other attributes, he was our Homecoming King and voted best looking in our graduating class. Which pissed me off because I came in second.
I could feel Sally still glaring at me. I turned and apologized - really, I'm not an asshole and I realized how rude it was of me to stare at another woman while out with her.
"OK, Dwayne. She is beautiful. I think all the ladies in town are going to be calling for hair appointments and getting new outfits tomorrow; it looks like we're all going to up our game if she moves in."
"I didn't know Henry was back in town; did you?"
"Word is he came back last week with a wife and bought the Parker place down by the river. I heard his wife was pretty, but damn - that's just wrong."
While we talked and finished our steaks, Henry and his wife were seated across the room. I took extra care to avoid following them with my eyes. Just about then the band started up; one of our local groups, 'The Sidewinders' who play a decent combination of bluegrass, rock and enough songs we could either two-step or dance close to.
Sally and I ordered our usual's, her Margarita and my long neck Lone Star. Whenever the band played anything I could dance to without making a fool of myself or stepping on Sally's toes, I asked her and she said 'yes'.
I couple of the other guys came over to our table and asked me if they could take a spin with Sally; most of the time I said, "yes". The guys who hang out at the Hen House are good guys who'll treat your date with respect, with one notable exception. The one guy who I told, "no", knew the reason and didn't make a fuss.
While watching Sally on the dance floor I couldn't help but notice Henry's wife was out there, but not with Henry. I looked over at Henry's table and we happened to catch each other's eye. I raised my beer to him and non-verbally offered to buy him one. We were never close friends in school, but we were always friendly. Henry got up from his table and walked over.
"Dwayne"
"Henry; how the hell are ya?"
"Good Dwayne - you?"
"Doing all right. Sally tells me you're married and moved back to town."
"Yea, that's my wife in the red sweater; Ginny."
"Pretty girl. How long you two been married?"
"Six months now. I did all right in South America and decided to come back home. I was finishing up some business in Dallas when I met Ginny. Is that Sally I saw you with?"
"Yea, she moved back to town last year. We've been going out for the past few months."
"Serious?"
"I guess. We've had the 'exclusive' talk, but nothing about marriage yet."
Henry looked into the distance, remembering something, and chuckled. "I still remember her in that cheerleader outfit bouncing up and down with that big smile. I took her out once, her old man met me at the door with a shotgun and sat me down to talk. Said since I was two years older than her, it seemed to him I was thinking she'd be easy. I told him it was only a date and I'd have her home before eleven. He nodded and then called her downstairs. I was a horny goat back then and decided it would be our last date."
Henry smiled again. "No offense, Dwayne; but I think she's prettier now than when we were in high school - and she was damn pretty then."
I smiled back so Henry would know it was all right, we tapped the tops of our long necks in a toast.
"You and your wife want to join us at our table?"
"That'd be nice. Ginny hasn't had a chance to meet many people in town."
The band finished the song and Sally came back to the table. Henry went out to fetch Ginny and came back to our table where introductions were made. We four sat out a few songs to talk for a while before the ladies went out to dance again. I did my best to avoid fawning over Ginny and didn't ask her to dance, despite the fact I wanted to - more than I care to admit.
We split up around midnight and made plans to get together some time soon. Henry said something about having a boat on the lake.
Over the next three months we did get together now and then, couples only. Henry and I were still very different people with little in common; I liked to hunt and fish, Henry was still a jock who played softball, basketball and football, so we rarely spent any time together unless it was with the ladies.
But; every time I was around Ginny, she seemed to take pleasure in teasing me. The first (and only) time on Henry's boat is an example. Sally and I showed up that morning with a picnic basket filled with food and drinks; Sally was wearing a nice bikini under her sundress. We step onto the boat and Ginny walks up from the galley wearing one of the skimpiest bikinis I've ever seen; two small triangles of cloth barely covering her breasts, one small triangle of cloth covering her cunt and just a strip of cloth between the cheeks of her perfect ass. You could tell Henry was slightly embarrassed at her choice; but like any man with a trophy wife, held his tongue in front of company.
Later, when the two gals were sunning on the top deck, Ginny took off her top to get some sun on those perfect breasts. When I came over to hand the girls their drinks, I got an eye full; I had my sunglasses on, but I didn't fool Sally. It was the last time we ever spent any time on the boat with Henry and Ginny.
It was early December, Sally and I were down at South Padre Island, enjoying a weekend get-away when I asked her to marry me. Looking back, it probably ranks near the bottom of the list of all-time romantic proposals. We were eating dinner at a nice seafood restaurant. The couple seated next to us were recently engaged and it sparked something in me.
"Have you thought about you and me getting married, Sally?"
"What? Is that a proposal?"
"Yea, I guess so. We've been going out for over a year. I figured you're waiting for me to propose; so I did."
"No, Dwayne. You're still not ready to settle down and I'm not going to marry a man I can't trust every time he's out on the town. You need to grow up some."
I couldn't argue with Sally - and honestly, I sighed in relief at her refusal.
**********************
It was just under a year after Ginny and Henry moved to town when Henry up and left without saying a word to anyone we knew. Rumors swirled around town as to why he would leave so suddenly. Like I said, we weren't close friends, so I was in the dark as much as anyone else. I asked Sally if she knew anything; but she said she didn't know any more than the town scuttlebutt. A notice in the paper announced that Henry was no longer responsible for Ginny's debts, etc.; Henry had initiated divorce proceedings against Ginny before leaving town.
Ginny continued to live in the mansion down by the river and we'd see her from time to time. If anything, her flirting escalated, pissing Sally off even more than before. It all came to a head one day when I received a phone call at the office; it was Ginny and she asked if I could stop over to help her with some problem she was having with her air conditioner. "Henry always took care of these things." She practically cried over the phone.
I almost told her to call a HVAC repairman and I should have; but I didn't, and I drove over to the house. Ginny met me wearing a pair of yoga pants (camel toe in front, up her ass crack in back) and a t-shirt (no bra, of course); bare feet (even her feet are perfect), blonde hair in a ponytail. One look at her and my cock did its Pavlovian thing; I knew I was in trouble.
The air condition problem turned out to be simple; they had one of those smart thermostats and it needed to be re-programmed. I fixed the problem and accepted the cold beer Ginny offered. That's when she started the tears.
"Dwayne, I don't know why Henry left me. I've been a good wife. We made love almost every day we were married; I never refused him a thing. When he had trouble getting it up after the first or second time, I'd get him hard with a blowjob. If he wanted my ass, I gave it to him. I know I flirted a little; but that always turned him on. Now I sit in this big house by myself and wonder what I could have done to make him stay."
As Ginny spoke, she seemed to get closer to me on the sofa; almost as if she could move without moving; or was I just too enraptured by her beauty? Then, she was right next to me and it happened. Our lips were pressing against each other's and our tongues were playing together. The kiss lasted a minute before something clicked inside my head. I pulled back.
"Ginny, I'm with Sally and we made a vow to be exclusive. I can't do this."
"Oh Dwayne; I'm sorry. I wouldn't ask you to break your word; but it's obvious we belong together. I won't try to seduce you again; at least not until you break up with Sally. I'm sorry." The tears were really coming down now.
And that's all it took for me to turn into the dumbest person I knew.
When I told Sally that night that I was breaking up with her; she completely stunned me by her reaction.
"It's Ginny, isn't it?"
I didn't answer her; I didn't have to.
"You're an idiot, Dwayne. I love you but I'm not going to beg you to stay with me. This is the reason I didn't marry you when you asked. You're still a little boy in a man's body and ever since that woman came to town, you wanted her. Well, now you can have her."
Sally didn't cry; she just left my house, got in her Jeep and drove away. (Some time later - and I'll get to that - I found out Sally drove to her dad's house and cried like a baby.) Within a few weeks of our breakup, Sally moved to Austin, working in the Governor's office on one of his staff committees.
I guess I should stop here to explain why I might be Ginny's choice to replace Henry (besides my good looks). My family happens to own a few thousand acres of ranch land in this county and a majority ownership in the local community bank. Dad is the bank president; I've been working there ever since graduating from SMU and being groomed to take Dad's job when he retires. In other words, we're well off.
The day after my split with Sally would find me at Ginny's place, ringing the doorbell.
Ten minutes after ringing the doorbell, we were naked and I was kissing every square inch of her body. I'd seen almost everything her body had to offer when we were on Henry's boat; but this was different. Now I could touch and kiss her lips with passion, kiss and nibble each one of her nipples, and best of all, finally see what was hidden behind the tiny bikini bottom she wore that day on the boat.
It didn't disappoint; like everything else about Ginny, it was a perfect cunt. Shaved smooth, full lips, and a clit that just peeked out from between those lips. My mouth left her breasts and traveled down between her legs. Ginny's hands pressed on either side of my head and pulled me deeper into her sex. My tongue played with her clit, making it grow, that's when I raked it lightly with my teeth - Ginny moaned and lifted her legs to give me a view of her perfect asshole.
While nibbling on her clit, I put my little finger in her ass and my thumb in her cunt, moving my thumb back and forth over the spongy area of Ginny's g-spot. This technique never failed to give any of my previous partners an orgasm; Ginny was no exception; her hands and thighs squeezed my head as her sweet mucus came in waves filling my mouth.
Ginny released the grip on my head; then brought me up for a deep kiss by pulling me by my ears.
"Fuck me, Dwayne."
My cock was hard as a steel bar and leaking fluid. She didn't have to ask twice. I did take a moment to look down on that perfect cunt, rubbing my hard-on between the lips, just to see what I dreamed about for so many months, now it was finally happening. After a few strokes I leaned in to sink inside.
Is there any better feeling in the world? I know a great blow-job feels very special, and anal sex can be a real treat; but for my money, nothing feels quite as wonderful as sinking into a woman's vagina.
I did everything I could to hold back from cumming too soon. I'd go in and out for a couple minutes and just before blowing my load, I'd pull out and tease Ginny with my mouth. Kissing or biting her nipples the first time, her clit the next time; for as long as it would take to feel the tension decrease in my balls, then back inside her for another couple minutes of fucking. This is the only way I knew how to make certain she'd cum at the same time I did. When I felt her release, I grabbed both cheeks of her ass and pulled her to me, pumping my seed as deep as I could.
Ginny and I never bothered to get dressed the rest of the weekend. We ate, swam, watched TV, everything we did that weekend, we did totally nude - except for when I put a couple steaks on the grill wearing an apron. I never met a woman so comfortable of her body. Every other woman I've known would find some imperfection about her own looks. Even Sally, who I couldn't find one flaw, would see something she wished was different - more perfect. Not Ginny, she knew she was perfection; if asked, "What would you change about your body or looks?", Ginny would reply, "Not a thing." And I couldn't argue.
Ginny and I became an instant item and within two months she had me convinced we needed to get married as soon as her divorce from Henry was final. I bought her a two-carat diamond engagement ring and moved into the mansion. That's when I found out Ginny was house rich and relatively broke. The house had a steep mortgage, the monthly payments were thirty-nine hundred. Ginny was given the house and a lump sum payment of one-hundred thousand dollars in the divorce, which between the mortgage payments and other bills, wouldn't have lasted two years at the rate she spends money. Maybe Henry wasn't as well off as people assumed.
Henry left lots of personal items behind in the house. As I cleared out his closet to put my things in, I couldn't help but notice the names on his suits and other clothes; all top of the line designers in the best materials. Too bad Henry was a few inches shorter and a few pounds thinner than me - nothing of Henry's fit me and they all went in the plastic bags that Ginny took to a consignment store in Dallas.
All but one pair of shoes. While loading the bags, Ginny picked up a pair of shoes and held them up to my eyes. "What size shoes do you wear?"
"Eleven - why?"
"So did Henry. These cost over five hundred dollars and he only wore them once. I picked these out, they're beautiful."
I had to admit Ginny was right, the shoes were beautiful and would go well with my grey dress suit. I tried the shoes on and found out Henry was an eleven D width, when I'm an eleven E width. But; they looked so damn good, I decided to keep them even though the shoes pinched my feet.
Another thing I found while cleaning out his closet was Henry's Berlitz Portuguese language tapes. I wondered if that meant old Henry took off for Brazil. I didn't say anything to Ginny; just left the tapes where I found them.
**********************
A week after her divorce was finalized, Ginny and I flew to Vegas and were married. Mom and Dad were a little disappointed we weren't having a local wedding; but my little sister had the whole country-club/bridezilla wedding last year; so, I think Mom was silently OK with the elopement. She said we'd have a reception for family and close friends soon.
Ginny and I spent a week after the wedding in Vegas. We were married in a nice chapel, Ginny wore a fantastic white dress, the top cut just above her nipples and the skirt just below her ass. I wore my good suit and Henry's shoes, the damn things pinching my toes the entire time we stood there. We hired a limo to take us around, so I didn't have to walk too much; but every step became more painful. It pissed me off because I couldn't dance that evening at the night club; I ended up drinking too much and watching my brand-new bride dancing with other men and a few women while I nursed my drinks.
All during that week Ginny put on one sexy outfit after another. I didn't make the same mistake with the shoes. We hit the clubs and I danced with Ginny. I was so puffed up having such a beautiful woman as my bride, if you stuck a pin in my ass, I would have burst; and Mike Tyson couldn't knock the smile off my face. Vegas is full of gorgeous women who dress to impress; it's not an exaggeration to say Ginny was at the top of the top one-percent.
We even hit a high-end strip club. We bought each other a lap dance. The girl doing me was a thin Asian woman; one of those women who just reeks sex. When she finished her dance, I pulled Ginny up and rushed her to our hotel. Within ten seconds of entering our room, I had Ginny stripped of the single garment she'd worn and I was fucking her. Foreplay wasn't necessary; Ginny was wet and I was hard. I was still dressed; with my pants and boxers down to my thighs. We both came and I rolled off her, trying to catch my breath.
Ginny got up off the bed, she still had her CFM heels on, and used the toilet. She came out of the bathroom, put her dress back on. "Let's go gamble."
"Give me a minute, I need to use the head and get cleaned up."
"I'll meet you down there." Ginny picked up her little purse and left the room. I hurried and was downstairs within three minutes. I found Ginny sitting at the bar playing the poker machine. Some Italian looking guy was already hitting on her; trying to get a glance down her top. I walked up behind her and put my arm around her waist, acting casual. "Hi babe." I leaned down and kissed the top of her head.
The guy looked pissed; so, I tried to defuse the situation by explaining, "She's my wife." He had the good manners to excuse himself.
"Sorry; didn't see the ring (yea - right); you're a lucky man."
As he walked away, I smiled at Ginny and replied to his back. "Don't I know it."
Wednesday morning, after a casual morning of room service, a nice shower together scrubbing each other's backs and a rare session of lovemaking (not fucking, but quiet, missionary-style, kissy-face lovemaking), Ginny decided to run down to the pool while I finished my coffee and the Times crossword puzzle. She had on a nice cover-up and a pair of those platform sandals, broad hat and her Foster Grants. She did that thing women know how to do, lowering the sunglasses down her nose, peeking over the rims.
"I'm headed to the pool, I need a Mimosa and some sunshine; are you coming?"
"I'll be down in fifteen minutes; I need some time in the john."
"Don't be long; you could use some color, paleface."
Ginny turned and walked out the door. Twenty minutes later I was down at the pool looking for her; it didn't take long to find her - she was the one down at the far end with three college age frat types standing around her lounger. I walked up to the crowd and got my first surprise. There was Ginny - topless - but more than that, her bikini bottom wasn't much more than a g-string, thin enough to make out her camel-toe. The boys scattered when I showed up.
"Crap, Ginny. Think you're exposing enough?"
Ginny gave me an evil smile before replying, "No one complained; everyone seemed to be having a good time." She was acting a little drunk already. The drink in her hand was almost gone.
I pointed to her drink. How many have you had?"
"This is my second. The Mimosa went down fast and the guys brought me this. I don't know what's in it, but it's yummy."
I took it from her and had a sip. It was almost pure alcohol.
"They were trying to get you drunk."
Ginny gave me that smile again. "I think they succeeded. C'mon, sit down and keep me company. Save me from those bad boys." As Ginny said this, she looked over at the three guys standing at the over side of the pool and gave them a smile and a wave. It wasn't the first time, or the last time, I realized I could either live with Ginny's flirting or live without Ginny - flirting was in her DNA.
After the honeymoon week in Vegas, we came home and settled into a nice routine. Sex, sex and more sex; I've never been more sexually sated in my life. The woman knew how to fuck. And she knew how to get my motor running. We'd be out on the town or down at the country club where Ginny would taunt men constantly. Afterwards, I'd take Ginny home and try to fuck her into oblivion; making her understand she belonged with no one but me.
Sometimes the flirting would piss me off and when I brought it up to her, Ginny reminded me it was just how she was.
"I used to flirt with you when I was married to Henry and you never seemed to mind. And let me remind you; it never went anywhere. I'm a one-man-woman, Dwayne - and you're my one man."
It was hard to argue with her logic; so, I let things slide.
Two months after the wedding Ginny asked if she could go into Dallas for a weekend to spend time with her girlfriends; shopping therapy. A couple of her girlfriends had been out to the house and they seemed like nice people. Besides, Dad had been after me to head up to a farm in Nebraska to chase some roosters. He'd been training a new bird dog and wanted to see what she'd do. So, I told Ginny, "Yea, go have fun."
Ginny went to Dallas; Dad and I climbed into his Cessna Skyhawk and flew north. We had a great weekend; the Springer did her job; both Saturday and Sunday morning the owner released ten birds, the Springer flushed all but one and retrieved every one of the birds we shot.
Ginny came home on Sunday to find me at the grill ready to barbecue a few of the pheasant breasts I brought back. We ate, talked about our weekend and the welcome home sex was fantastic. After that weekend, Ginny asked to visit her friends about once a month. I didn't mind because I spent those weekends hunting or fishing. Every time she came home, she'd be hotter than a flame to get in my pants and "get what I need", as she put it.
Boy, it turns out it was me who was oblivious. One afternoon, a few days after one of Ginny's weekends, I came home for lunch and instead of a sandwich, I decided I needed a nooner. Ginny was sunbathing out by the pool, getting an all-over tan. I turned her on her belly and started to rub my naked cock between her ass cheeks. Ginny moaned and rose up onto her hands and knees on the sun lounger.
My cock was hard and Ginny was wet, it only took a few strokes to be completely embedded in her soft glove. With my hands squeezing her ass cheeks, I pumped in and out, adjusting my tempo; fast, slow, hard, soft. This is Ginny's favorite way to get fucked; it rarely fails to get her off. And every few weeks or so, she'll tell me to fuck her ass when we're doing it this way. Not this time, though. This time we fucked until I felt her orgasm, then I let go, filling her with my seed.
I collapsed on top of Ginny as she collapsed on the lounger. I was catching my breath, trying not to put too much weight on her back as my cock started to go soft. I moved her long blonde hair away from her neck to give her a kiss back there when I saw it just below the hair line.
What the fuck?
Ginny obviously didn't know it was back there, she can get quite out-of-control when she's getting taken in the ass. I might have even missed it if we weren't in the bright sunshine; but there was no mistaking the hickey/love bite on the back of her neck. My cock shrank so fast, it fell right out of her. I got up off Ginny and fell back into the pool. The coolness of the pool water gave me time to think.
I climbed out of the pool and told Ginny I needed to head back to the office to meet with a customer. Rinsed off in the master shower, got dressed and headed into town.
Once at my desk, I stopped to think, maybe for the first time concerning my marriage and relationship with Ginny. Sure, the sex was out of this world and it was fantastic to have such a beautiful woman for my own. (Wait - did I just think, "for my own"? It was apparent now I was sharing her with someone else, but who?) As I reviewed it all, I came to realize we had so little in common.
Books? Ginny didn't read anything but fashion and personality magazines. TV? She watched reality shows that I couldn't stand and I had to leave the room. Outdoors? Ginny's idea of roughing it was running out of ice for her drink. Music? Nope. It went on and on, down the list. One thing Ginny and I did have in common, we both loved Ginny.
I picked up the pone and called Ed Johnson, the detective agency we used for investigations and personnel vetting. Ed and I discussed the situation and agreed on a plan. He also advised me to contact our attorney to start working on protecting my financial interests.
I knew I couldn't fake it for three or four weeks until Ginny's next trip to Dallas. So, after we made love that night, I made up a story about another hunting trip with Dad and told Ginny she might as well take the opportunity to get some shopping in. Ginny jumped at the chance.
That weekend, Dad and I hung out on the ranch, Ginny went to Dallas. It was a long weekend and not necessarily a sober one.
Late Monday morning, Ed was sitting in my office.
"Dwayne, do you know a friend of Ginny's by the name of Janet Kelly?"
"No, doesn't ring a bell. She's not one of the women who has been by the house. Why?"
"That's who Ginny stayed with this weekend. She's a Dallas Cowboy cheerleader and a stone fox, kinda in Ginny's league. The two of them went out Friday night dressed to kill. It was a bitch following them when they left Janet's condo; Uber has really made it tough to tail a mark. That's why we had to use three operatives and why it cost you a bundle. Sorry."
"C'mon Ed. I know you're stalling. I'm not going to break down and cry on your shoulder. What'd ya find?"
"The two of them hit a club. Drank, danced and in general, acted like a couple of single women on the make. They picked up two guys and spent the night at the girlfriend's condo. We watched the condo and the guys didn't leave until eight the next morning. Unfortunately, there's no proof that your wife did anything that night; it would be circumstantial. That's why we had to follow them again Saturday."
"We lucked out Saturday. Sorry, that came out wrong." Ed looked sheepish as he apologized.
"There's no way to say this easy; your wife is a slut. I had a husband and wife team with me and it was a lucky thing. Ginny and her friend went to a sex club. My team were able to get in because they were a couple. They personally witnessed Ginny fucking three other men, once two at a time taking it in the ass and cunt simultaneously. They're certain she fucked others; but couldn't witness it all without being obvious."
"Did they get photos?"
"No, these places are strict. There's no way to get any kind of camera in the back rooms where the sex takes place. I have photos of her entering and exiting; but nothing from inside. My people will sign affidavits as to what they witnessed. They've already written their reports and they'll testify in court, which should be good enough for any judgement."
Ed and I finished up our business and I kept my promise; I didn't cry on Ed's shoulder. A couple tears probably formed in my eyes after he left; but the news wasn't unexpected. Ever since I saw that damn hickey, I knew something was going on, although the sex club was a surprise. I figured she had a boyfriend in Dallas, not that she was trying to fuck everyone in the city.
I called up my attorney and had her finish up the paperwork and get it all recorded. Then a thought hit me like a ton of bricks; I called Ed.
"Hey Ed; did Ginny use condoms at the club?"
"Yea; that's another thing this place is a stickler about, no sex without protection."
"Thanks Ed."
I hung up the phone. Well, that was a relief, although it didn't guarantee she used them Friday night or any other of the previous weekends. I made a note to get myself tested.
At first, Ginny cried and pleaded when I had her served; but when I told her she was followed into the sex club, all she could say was, "Oh, fuck". She quit calling after that revelation.
The divorce went better than expected. Ginny brought in some fancy-pants lawyer from Dallas. My attorney ripped him a new asshole in court. It didn't help Ginny's case to be caught going in and out of a sex club within a year of our wedding and the testimony of the two investigators. Didn't help her that my grandfather was no fool; the ranch and the bank stock were untouchable. And it didn't help that we filed in our county; we had home field advantage. Karen Davis, my attorney, didn't do anything unethical; but she certainly knew how to play her hand to its best advantage. I ended up paying Ginny thirty-grand and she had to pay her own attorney costs. She kept her house, the one Henry left her when he walked out.
**********************
I left the courthouse and looked around; it was a bright Texas morning, the sunshine lit up the white courthouse, on either side of the steps were flowers planted by the Ladies' Committee to Beautify Fort Travis. Across the street were more flowers around the two flag poles that stand in the middle of the square. The town didn't fly the Stars and Bars anymore; of course there was a big to-do when the council voted on that; more than a few men from Fort Travis fought, and half of those died, for the Confederacy. The noise quieted down when Jake Olsen proposed replacing the Confederate flag with a MIA-POW flag. Three boys from this county died in Vietnam and there's still raw feelings; you can't say "McNamara" without having someone spit on the ground.
As I stood on the steps breathing in the fresh air, things began to focus. The short marriage and quickie divorce caused me to re-evaluate my life. Let's see - I didn't like my job, hated working in an office, I didn't like living in a modern mega-mansion. I liked being outdoors. I found out that getting fucked by a sex-machine was a lot of fun; but it didn't compare to the emotional love-making I previously shared with Sally.
I knew if I ever married again, it would be to a woman who could also be my best friend. Someone who might consider camping, hunting, and fishing with me (not every time - a man needs a little guy-time now and then) and this person should still be happy to dress like a lady when the occasion arises.
In other words, a woman like the one I dumped to marry Ginny, a woman like Sally.
I set out to get my life squared away; one thing at a time. First, Dad and I spent time talked over the job situation. Dad surprised the hell out of me with his reply to my suggestion that maybe banking wasn't my best career choice.
"Damn boy; it's about time you figured this out. I can't believe you took so long. You don't belong in an office. Got any plans?"
"Dad, Miguel retires in a few years. What would you say if I spent those years working on the ranch and taking over as foreman when Miguel retires?"
"Now you're reading my mind. We thought Jason was set to replace Miguel. Last month he told us he wasn't comfortable in the position, he didn't think he had the people skills, and he's probably right. It would be great if you came on board at the ranch, spent the next few years getting up to speed, then taking Miguel's place when it's time."
"One more thing, Dad. I thought I'd fix up Granddad's hunting cabin down on the lake. Make it less of a cabin and more of a home. Would that be OK?"
Dad was smiling. "More than OK - consider it yours to do what you will."
Two weeks later I started the next phase of my life. I was twenty-nine and never happier. I did every dirty job on the ranch; it wasn't as if I hadn't spent time during the summers working there, but this was different, now I was paying close attention to details because one day, it would be my responsibility.
Miguel was fantastic; he worked on the ranch for thirty years, working his way up to foreman. He and his wife Juanita were looking forward to spending time traveling when he retired. Their children and grandchildren lived in California, and that's where they wanted to spend their days. He was as anxious to teach me as I was to learn.
During the first six months, I spent all my free time repairing and updating the old hunting cabin. It was a log house and the logs were in decent shape, but I hired an outfit to sandblast the exterior before I put a coat of stain on them and re-chinked between the logs (what a lousy, labor-intensive job). The interior needed a lot of work. The house had sat idol for too long and needed to be rid of mice and insects before I could even set foot inside. I updated the kitchen and appliances, hung new doors and replaced the windows with modern double-panes that actually opened and had screens.
Once the place was fixed up, I had an open house for a few friends and my family. Most everybody ooh'd and aah'd; especially anyone who had been inside when it was Granddad's hunting cabin. It was my mother who asked the sixty-four-thousand-dollar question.
"Now that you have this place put together; how are you going to spend your free time? Not bar-hopping again, I hope."
"Didn't give it much thought, Mom. I'm guessing you have an idea, since you're bringing it up."
"You know some of the ladies at church are working on a housing project. Come and visit the next time we have a meeting. We have a few projects someone like yourself may be interested in helping."
That's how I eventually became peripherally involved in her church's charity endeavor. I'll tell you more about this later.
I stopped by Sally's parents' house one day during that first year. Sally was still working down in Austin for the governor. I brought her mother a nice bouquet of flowers and her father a bottle of Angel Envy Rye. I figured a hundred-dollar bottle of whiskey might get me past the front door. He invited me in, poured us each a couple fingers of the liquid gold, then he proceeded to do what he always did - give me a piece of his mind.
"I know your daddy and he's a good man, a man you can trust with just a hand-shake. Most of your life, I thought you had your daddy's ways. Sally said you didn't cheat on her, broke it off before you got with that whore. That's something in your favor, I guess.
"But you made my baby cry. Every man gets one pass in life to be stupid. I won't stand in your way if it's what Sally wants; but let me warn you. If you make my baby cry a second time, I'll hunt you down and hurt your ass.
"Can you live with that?"
I said I could. We sat for another half hour shooting the shit. We made plans to get some fishing in together. I invited him to join Dad and me next time we went to Nebraska, When I left it was with the intention of giving Sally a call and reconnecting.
Sally was nice enough to take my call; and pleased me when she accepted my invitation to have dinner. We ate at a place around the corner from her apartment in Austin, I think she picked the place to avoid me having to pick her up from her door. We met at the restaurant; I couldn't have been more nervous if I was holding a bag of rattlers.
Dinner was nice; Sally was friendly; but turned down my request to start dating again. She tried to soften it by making the excuse that the distance between us would make it difficult; but I could tell she was still hurt by my previous actions. I walked Sally home, got a peck on the cheek goodbye, and drove home to an empty cabin.
I was wired from the coffee and the drive; so, I sat on the porch with a nightcap and looked up at the million stars of that bright night. Things hadn't gone as planned; but I vowed not to get fucked up again. I'd take my disappointment like an adult.
**********************
I didn't date much, just didn't have any interest. I also didn't have any sex for over a year after my divorce. It wasn't easy; talk about going from sexual ecstasy (fucking Ginny) to nothing (except the occasional self-abuse) - it sucked.
No, no sex until I saw Rosie one night at The Hen.
At one time Rosie had been quite the wild child; she had a reputation for being easy - not "gang-bang/take-on-all-comers" easy, just the kind of girl that didn't wait for the third date before she was in the back seat. I never had the pleasure back then, she was too young for me. Rosie went to college and came back a different woman. Worked at the credit union in the Finance Department.
Rosie and I were chatting at the bar. I must have had too many beers because I spilled my guts about losing Sally, what I was looking for in a wife and how I was trying to keep it in my pants until I found the right woman, the woman who would hunt, fish and camp with me.
Rosie must have had a few too many Cosmos. "Well, that's not me Dwayne. I get upset when I chip a nail. But I'll tell you something; I haven't gotten laid in a year and my quim is missing it. Tell you what, let's talk tomorrow when we're both sober; I have a proposition for you."
That's how Rosie became my 'friends with benefits' partner.
You could call the sex with Rosie 'lovemaking', except neither of us shared the word 'love' with each other. It was almost always in the missionary position, nothing kinky, just the tender release we both needed from time to time. We got together two or three times a month during those eight months. Both of us had our reasons for discretion and keeping the arrangement hidden from prying eyes. We'd say 'hello' in public; but didn't date and she never stayed overnight.
Rosie Cruz has a beautiful face and an exceptional body; smiling eyes, dark brown hair, ample breasts, womanly hips tapering in to a slim waist; skin that was dark and flawless. Although, one should hesitate before referring to her as a "Mexican Beauty".
The only time Rosie got into trouble at school was in the fifth grade when some dumb-shit sixth grader called Rosie a wetback and she should go back to Mexico. After Rosie knocked the boy onto his back with a punch to the nose, she straddled his waist, and while slapping his face, explained that her great-great-great grandfather fought with Sam Houston at the Battle of Jacinto and his son rode with Captain John Coffee Hays; and that her daddy was a sergeant in the Texas Rangers. Rosie's heritage history lesson was interrupted by the lunchroom monitor pulling her off the boy and marching her down to the principal's office.
Rosie received a three-day suspension for fighting from the principal and a pat on the back from her father. She also learned a valuable lesson: he (or she) who retaliates, gets caught and punished.
We split up in January when Sally moved back to Fort Travis. Sally returned, still single and apparently unattached, after the changeover of governors in Austin. Whether her return was temporary or permanent was a decision influenced by benevolent forces at work behind the scenes. By now Mom's group of 'Concerned Episcopalians for Affordable Housing' was incorporated as a not-for-profit; but there were more issues than a group of ladies, no matter how earnest and well-meaning, can do as volunteers.
Such as - where do you build? You can't just put twenty townhouses for working poor in the middle of an upper-middle-class neighborhood and expect everyone to meet out in the street, form a drum circle and sing "Kumbaya" together in social harmony. Lots of municipalities have tried different approaches to this, some successfully, others have been disasters.
I didn't know my mother was so shrewd. It turns out until recently one Sally Jenkins was working on similar projects in the Governor's office. The 501 c (3) the ladies created needed an Executive Director and there was a qualified candidate who needed a job or she might be tempted to move away again.
Not that it did me any good. Sally was still friendly whenever we met by chance or at one of the committee meetings; but she didn't give off any romantic vibes and I didn't ask her out. We did take a drive to Dallas together some months after she moved home.
**********************
Henry Philips had returned to the States and was gravely ill. Malaria and a few other health issues had him laid up in a Dallas hospital. Sally agreed to drive to Dallas with me to visit him. Sally and I spent most of the drive talking about the housing issues she was dealing with. It was a polite conversation; I was reminded once again how smart she is. We spent an hour with Henry before Sally excused herself to make a couple of phone calls. Henry took the opportunity to discuss Ginny.
"Dwayne; sorry I didn't warn you, man. When I found out Ginny was cheating on me, all I could think to do is get the hell out of Dodge. Figured most people knew already and were laughing at me behind my back. Didn't figure you'd dump Sally and go there; thought you and Sally had a good thing going."
It was no sense arguing with Henry, especially when he was right. "Well, I was stupid. I want you to know something; I never touched Ginny until after your divorce. And I didn't know she was stepping out on you. Obviously, since it took me six months to figure out she was cheating on me. I would have said something to you if I knew."
Sally came back in the room about then and we changed the subject. Henry told us more stories; what it was like back in the Amazon jungle.
"I need a favor, Dwayne, and this is a big one; so, feel free to say 'no'. I need someone I trust - on a personal and a financial level - to go down to Brazil and unwind my business down there. I can give you the names of my partner, banker, attorney and business contacts. I know I'm going to get cheated out of a bundle, that's just the way it works, especially down there in the oil business. But if I can get back twenty-five percent of what's mine, I'll be set for a while. I'll give you twenty percent of whatever you bring back."
As you can imagine, Henry's request came out of left field and I couldn't answer him right then. He said to get back to him when I had time to consider and with any questions. One obstacle was apparent.
"I don't speak Portuguese."
"You know Spanish; you can pick up some Portuguese. Between your Spanish, English and a hundred words in Portuguese, you'll do all right. You do need to get back to me soon. Every week a little more of my share will be bleeding off."
We left it at that for now. Visiting hours were over and it was time to head home.
Sally and I were riding back from Dallas. It was quieter in the car going home; Sally was deep in thought until she broke the silence.
"Are you thinking of doing it? Going to Brazil?"
"Yea. Miguel is still at least a year from retiring and I need to make my bones somehow in the meantime. Nothing in Fort Travis is holding me back right now. I thought you and I had a chance when you moved back to town; but I see I messed it up too bad."
Sally had tears in her eyes. "Will you be careful?"
"I don't have a death wish, if that's what you're asking. I'll be as careful as I can."
Sally looked at me when I dropped her off at her folks' place. She even gave me a kiss on the lips. "Please promise me you'll be careful." She ran to the door.
Ad that's how I ended up in Brazil. Mom was against it; so was Dad, but he still had the old "this is what men do" attitude and didn't argue against it. Within a week I was gone on a flight from Dallas to San Paulo.
**********************
My Brazilian adventure turned out to be less dangerous than anticipated, which was all right with me. Henry's Brazilian business partner, Joao Fernandez, was more honest than expected, he wanted to get a deal done as much as Henry did. The lawyers, bankers and accountants all pulled their weight. A Brazilian and European conglomerate was anxious to take over and within three months a deal was signed, sealed and delivered. As a result, Henry's take home (after fees, taxes, etc.) was just over one and a half million. My share was three-hundred thousand; not bad for just over three months' work.
I did say the trip was less dangerous than anticipated; but it wasn't without a couple moments of angst.
One incident happened on the road from San Paulo to the oil fields. We were in two trucks, Henry's team in one, the conglomerate's team in another, when we were ambushed by bandits. The bandits picked the wrong convoy to mess with; there were two Brazilian ex-commandos in each vehicle. No shots were fired after the commandos made their presence (as well as their automatic weapons) known. Still, it was scary. I would have felt safer if I had one of my rifles with me; but that was forbidden by local laws.
There was one more incident, this one in a bar in San Paulo on the last night before I left Brazil. We were having a drink, congratulating ourselves on becoming (relatively) rich and most definitely, alive; when an argument started in the far corner of the room. Suddenly, two guys stood up from that table and started firing shots at each other. Out of the corner of my eye, I see two guys standing at the bar reach in their coats, pulling out pistols. That's the last thing I saw because I dove under the table; Joao had the same idea and we bumped heads. For the next minute, and it seemed much longer, I must have heard twenty or more shots fired.
When Joao and I finally got out from under the table, we expected to see bodies and carnage; but there was - nothing. Even the four gunmen were gone. How could four guys get off over twenty rounds without anyone getting hit is a mystery I'll never understand. I left the bar, post-haste, went to my hotel, locked the door and waited in my room until my flight the next morning. Goodbye Brazil.
I visited Henry the first thing after landing at DFW. He was still recovering and was pleased with the payout, thank goodness, and this ended up solidifying our friendship.
**********************
I was back working on the ranch. The second week after returning from Brazil, I stepped into the Hen, only to find Sally sitting at a table with Rosie. "Oh, shit" is all I could think. Trying to avoid a scene, I headed over to the far side of the bar and sat next to Dexter Price, a Hen House fixture.
Francis, the waitress, put a couple of long necks in front of Dexter and me, then whispered in my ear. "Two ladies bought you both a beer; you're invited to their table if you can get away."
I knew Dexter wouldn't mind; he was happy with the free beer and wasn't a small-talk kind of guy. I excused myself and 'walked the plank' over to the ladies' table.
It ended up being a good night. We three chatted, every once in a while some cowboy would take one of the ladies out to the dance floor. I took a couple turns with each of them myself. We shut the place down and I walked Sally and Rosie to their respective cars, giving each a small peck goodnight.
The next morning, just before noon, her car pulled up the drive. "Hi Dwayne. Can I get a cup of coffee?"
"Of course. You want some eggs? I was just about ready to scramble up a few."
Sally sat at the island while I made breakfast, just as if three years hadn't passed.
"I had a nice conversation with Rosie. She said you loved me; even when you two were an item."
"What happened between Rosie and me happened when you were living down in Austin. We broke it up when you moved back home."
"That's what Rosie said. She said you broke it off so it wouldn't get in the way of us reconnecting. She thought I should give you another chance."
"Rosie's a nice lady; smart, too."
"Daddy said you've grown up and I'd be a fool not to give you another chance. He wants you for a son-in-law."
"Well, your daddy's another smart person and I guess I'm lucky you don't have a sister."
Sally smiled at that. "Another person that's smart is your mother. I know it wasn't the reason for setting up the housing co-op, but it kept me in Fort Travis and gave us a chance to get reacquainted."
"I won't argue with you about my mother; without her, you wouldn't be sitting in my kitchen."
"Are you grown up, Dwayne?"
I told Sally all the things I've done since divorcing Ginny to turn my life around. How spending time with her father and my father instead of a bunch of overgrown ex-college frat boys has changed me. How I knew what I wanted to do with my life - running ranch operations when Miguel retires, having a family with a passel of kids, helping Mom with her philanthropy - now that I was grown up. How, except for my short friends-with-benefits relationship with Rosie, I'd been celibate because I now knew the difference between screwing and lovemaking.
Sally listened without interruption until I finished.
"Do you want to know anything about my time in Austin?" Sally asked.
"We were broken up, Sally. I don't think I have a right to ask."
"I want you to know two things. I never stopped loving you, Dwayne. And I had a relationship with a man in Austin similar to yours with Rosie. It ended a year ago. I'm telling you because I don't want any relationship with secrets. One more thing; my reason for refusing to go out with you when you came down to Austin had nothing to do with that other man or to punish you for dumping me. It was because I couldn't afford to get hurt again."
"Does this mean you'll accept if I ask you out on a date?"
"No, Dwayne."
Well, you could have knocked me over with a feather when Sally said 'no'. What the hell was she doing coming over this morning and talking about relationships if she didn't want to accept a date?
"No, I'm not going to start dating you again, Dwayne. Most of my things are in the back of my car. If you want a relationship with me, help me carry them in your, or should I say, our house."
I jumped up, grabbed Sally, hugged and kissed her, twirled her around and kissed her again. My feet didn't touch the porch as I ran to her car to start moving her things into 'our' home. We called both sets of parents to let them know (Sally's already knew, of course) and all four parents joined us for dinner at the cabin that night.
When Mom and I had a moment alone in the kitchen she pulled a ring out of her pocket.
"I've been saving this for you. It was your grandmother's ring. If you like it, you can give it to Sally. I hope Sally likes it; if I know that girl, she'll cherish it. I'm giving it to you now because I think you're done being stupid."
"I am, Mom."
Mom was right, Sally loved Grandma's ring. As soon as the parents left that evening, I got down on one knee and asked Sally to marry me while holding the ring out to her. Sally said, "yes" before jumping in my arms.
That night, we made love for the first time in three years.
It was magic.
**********************
Epilogue
Well, it seems people always want to know how things turned out for everyone; and I'm going to tell you:
Sally and I got married and we have four children; one boy and three girls.
Before Sally had our first girl, she did get thirty new low-income housing units built. That may not sound like a lot; but it meant decent homes for thirty families that couldn't live in the county before that and it was a good start. Someone else can take it from there.
Sally is my best friend. How many wives can claim to have hiked down to the Colorado River at the Grand Canyon when five months pregnant? (It was her fourth pregnancy and by then, she was the poster child for pregnant, fit and active.)
I can't count the number of nights we slept together under the stars, whether outside on the ranch or at one of two-dozen National Parks we've visited. And you've never seen anyone, man or woman, who can lay a fly down in the exact spot in a hole she's aiming for, no matter how much wind on the river. We have a deal now; she catches them, I clean and pan fry 'em.
Manuel did retire the next year and I became foreman for the next ten years. Then, when Jeb Davison retired, I ran the family's entire ranching business. More desk work then I'd like, but I still get outside when I can (after all, I'm the boss).
**********************
Five years after leaving Brazil, I received a letter from Joao. The mystery of the restaurant shoot-out had been solved when one of the four participants wrote about it. The guys at the back table were rival gang lieutenants, the two at the bar their respective bodyguards. When an insult was made, the first two started shooting, hitting each other in the chest. The two bodyguards fired at the rival lieutenants, then at each other. But; everybody was wearing heavy bullet-proof vests and the 9mm slugs didn't do anything but cause bruising. One of the bodyguards did get hit in the upper-arm; but all four cleared out of the restaurant before any blood hit the floor.
Joao wrote that there's a statue of Saint Jude behind the bar now, next to the three bullet holes in the back mirror, right behind where the bartender stood, frozen and unharmed. Locals call it the miracle of Alto Do Pari.
**********************
Sally and I introduced Rosie to Henry. It worked out; Rosie could sit in the stands and watch Henry play basketball, softball or whatever, she could cheer him on and never has to break a nail. They moved into the old house after buying it from Ginny; but had to redecorate before Rosie would move in. They have two kids of their own and we all get together at least once a month.
**********************
Ginny already moved back to Dallas soon after our divorce. The house stood vacant until Henry bought it back. Ginny's attorney handled the house sale. No one knows and none of us gives a hoot what eventually happened to Ginny. We do know that somewhere there's a guy who's getting royally fucked, both physically and figuratively.
**********************
And Dexter Price is still sitting at the bar at the Hen, drinking a long neck and minding his own business.
THE END