Author's Note: Before you read this story, you probably should read the "Frank and Cheryl" six-part introductory series. It'll help you understand this couple and the dynamics in their relationship. The condensed version is: They are fit, in love and very open minded. They are emotional monogamous but enjoy a wide variety of sexual adventures that include others. They are 100% open and honest with each other about what they do and they only partake of those other adventures with each other's full knowledge. They enjoy seeing each other pleasing others and being pleased. Cheryl is a petite blond who is blatantly bi-sexual. Frank is decently hung, fit and loves everything Cheryl ever surprises him with.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The Morning Surprise
It was a usual Tuesday morning at work for Frank. He owned and operated several gyms and kept his office at the first location he had opened some years before. Most weekdays he went into his office by seven. All of his gyms opened at four a.m. so by seven his opening staff had already worked almost half their workday. He usually walked in with his cup of coffee in hand, dressed in business casual attire and ready to deal with a few hours of paper and computer work. It was the most hated part of his day as he paid bills, sent out bills, prepped customer-targeted emails, scheduled ad campaigns and more. His staff knew that unless there was a problem, it was a good idea not to bother him until after nine. By then he had most of the "BS" part of the workday done and he would be more social. He didn't have a secretary although each of his gym locations did have a location manager. During that first two hours of his workday, his office door was closed but not locked and any of his employees that needed him would knock before entering.
At about 7:15 he had his email client open, half his coffee consumed, was looking at spreadsheets for his profit and loss statement and was trying not to be distracted by his memories from the previous Saturday evening/night. As was true almost all of his weekends now, he had spent Friday and Saturday night at Cheryl's. While they were deeply in love and committed to each other, they still maintained separate residences. Both of them were keenly aware of the phrase, "Absence makes the heart grow fonder." They usually spent several nights each week together, but the nights they spent apart kept their desires for each other strong. That most recent Saturday evening they'd spent at Cheryl's just watching a couple movies. Of course, he remembered with a smile, for the better part of one movie they were both naked and Cheryl rode him ever-so-slowly reverse cowgirl. She had amazing thighs and could rock on his cock for a long time before muscle fatigue caused her to move. The fact that she only weighed about 100 pounds also meant she could simply sit down on him anytime she needed a break from the exertion of riding. He considered it exquisite torture as it was a near constant build up to orgasm that took hours before being released. He knew Cheryl took particular delight in building him up but he also appreciated that once she knew he needed his climax, she diligently worked to get him there. She'd let him cum anywhere he wanted ("just not in my eyes" was her only rule). After enjoying each other on the sofa in her living room Saturday evening, for several hours, they'd gone to bed. In the middle of the night she woke him up giving him head and then asked him to pound her until he came missionary style. In the morning he woke up horny, went down on her, not objectionable to the tangy flavor of her used pussy sticky from his cum. Then he rolled her over, mounted her and fucked her hard again to start the day, spraying his load all over her ass and back. They had played more through the day Sunday and now here he was Tuesday morning, missing her. They had parted Sunday night and he hadn't seen her at all on Monday.
It was quite a welcome surprise when his office door opened with no warning and Cheryl walked in. As the door started to open his first reaction was one of aggravation since his employees all knew to knock before entering. The aggravation went away when he saw it was Cheryl and he was delighted to see how she was dressed. As petite as she was, her figure was curved with healthy muscle. Her not-quite B-cup breasts were clearly not covered by a bra inside the tight tube dress she was wearing -- and he'd have been a month's salary she had no panties on. She hated underwear and didn't put any on unless she had to for some reason. Frank's delight at seeing her turned to happy surprise as he saw she had someone with her: a woman he'd never seen before. The woman was a bit taller than Cheryl's five foot stature, but not by much -- probably five foot three or four inches tall. She was a bit fuller figured than Cheryl with what Frank guessed to be C-cup breasts, and where Cheryl had short blond hair, this woman had long red hair. Her complexion was creamy white leading Frank to believe the red hair might be natural rather than dyed.
Cheryl had led the woman in by the hand, smiling and saying, "Hi, baby!" to Frank as she saw the happy look on his face. But before he could answer she turned and closed the door to his office, locking it and then turning back. Smiling at Frank she introduced the woman with her. "This is Teresa. I hope you don't mind that we came to visit. We won't stay long I promise."
Frank got up from behind his desk to go around and hug Cheryl, giving her a quick kiss before putting his hand out to Teresa and saying, "Good morning. It's nice to meet you." He was taken aback when the woman looked at his extended hand with disdain. Then she stepped close to him, put her hand behind his head and pulled him into a passionate kiss without having said a word. For a very brief moment Frank wondered what the heck she was doing, but then the comfort of his relationship with Cheryl set in. If Cheryl had brought Teresa to his office and Teresa was kissing him like this in front of Cheryl, then he just needed to go with the flow.
He let the kiss with Teresa grow in passion and energy as he felt Cheryl step around behind him, her hands running up and down his back and around his waist. There was just enough room between he and Teresa for Cheryl to reach between them, unbuckling his belt, unbuttoning his pants and pulling down his zipper. As Cheryl reached to his hips, hooking her thumbs in the waistband of his pants and his underwear, beginning to push them down, Teresa broke their kiss and moved down to her knees. There was barely a moment between Cheryl pulling his pants off and Teresa's warm wet mouth engulfing his half hard cock.
With one hand Teresa held his quickly growing length as Cheryl unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it from his shoulders. Frank leaned his head back and closed his eyes, one hand on the back of Teresa's head and the other reaching back to pull Cheryl closer. He could feel Teresa guiding his shaft as she licked up and down either side before engulfing it in the heat of her mouth again. Frank moaned as she displayed her talent, deep-throating his cock and while she had his full length in her mouth/throat, sticking out her tongue to lick at his balls at the same time. He could feel Cheryl kissing his back, her hands wandering his body as Theresa pleasured his manhood.
Then he felt Cheryl reach around him, putting her hand on Teresa's head and pushing it away. Without a word, Cheryl guided him to turn around, careful not to make him trip as his pants were still around his ankles. With Frank facing her, Cheryl pulled her tube dress up and off, baring herself to his appreciative eyes. He could hear Teresa moving behind him and thought she was taking her clothes off too. Cheryl dropped to her knees after giving him a naughty smile. She opened her mouth and sucked his erect cock in deep even as she reached down to hold his pants and let him step out of them.
He heard more movement and saw Teresa stepping over toward his desk. He had been right -- she was naked now and her body looked delicious. Her curves moved and wiggled just right as she walked and within a few steps she was at the near edge of his desk, looking back over at him while she bent over it. As he enjoyed Cheryl's talented and aggressive mouth, he watched Teresa bend over his desk, arching her back and spreading her legs until her hips were at desk height. He watched as she reached back with both hands, grabbing her ass and spreading her cheeks lewdly -- showing him her backdoor and, beneath that, her smooth shaven lips reflecting the office light off a thin sheen of slick juices.
As Cheryl's tongue worked his length and her hands both massaged and stroked him, he watched Teresa reach between her legs, rubbing her own wetness around on her lips. He watched as she slid two fingers into her wet sex, slowly pushing them in and out, appearing to pull out more of her wet juice with every move.
Cheryl looked up at him, and saw him watching Teresa. "Like what you see, baby?" Frank smiled down at her with a nod, not trusting his voice to remain even with all the pleasure Cheryl was providing his cock. "She looks delicious doesn't she?" Cheryl asked, bobbing her head to suck in his length before releasing it between each question. Frank nodded again. "She is delicious," said Cheryl with a wicked grin. She bobbed down the length of his dick again before coming up, stroking his spit-slick length as she smiled up at him. "I bet her pussy would feel really good on your cock too," she said. Frank smiled down at her, the look of askance on his face recognized by his lover. "Go fuck her," Cheryl said, releasing her hold on his length. With a smile, Frank bent to kiss Cheryl as she was still on her knees and then he stepped over behind Teresa where she was bent over his desk. Her hands had returned to her ass cheeks and she was holding them open, obviously having heard what Cheryl had said. Teresa's grip was spreading her pussy open... she was waiting.
As Frank lined up behind her, he realized this woman hadn't even spoken to him yet as he pushed his cockhead against her wet opening, rubbing it up and down in her wetness a few times... hearing her moan. He felt Cheryl step up behind him, one of her hands on his hip while the other reached around to his stiff length. He stood still as Cheryl took over rubbing his cockhead up and down Teresa's slit, using it like a toy to tickle her friend's clit and teasing over her hot hole.
Frank realized that Cheryl couldn't really see what she was doing so she was trying to figure out where his cock was in relation to Teresa's pussy by touch. When she'd figured it out, she positioned Frank's cock at Teresa's slick opening and then pushed against him with her whole body, pushing his cock into Teresa's welcoming sex. A low long moan escaped Teresa as Frank's cock filled her, pushed in balls deep as Cheryl forced his body forward until they were mashed together against the desk.
Cheryl held Frank there, pushed fully into Teresa and not letting him move... before backing off just enough to give him room and then encouraging him. "Now fuck her... fuck her hard. She's here just for you to empty into." Frank's cock twitched at her words and the realization that Cheryl had brought this other woman for him to fuck and fill. This total stranger (to him) was naked and accepting his cock, willing -- and apparently eager -- to take his cum.
As he began to stroke back and forth, drawing his length out of Teresa until only his cockhead remained in her pussy and then pushing forward until his balls bounced off her clit, he felt Cheryl's hands on his hips, matching his movements. And then she wasn't just matching his movements but helping them - He could feel her pulling his hips back and then pushing them forward, adding her energy to his thrusts. He wondered at how lucky he was to have found a woman like Cheryl and to have experiences like this. Idly he wondered what else she might have planned... but for now, he was just going to keep fucking Teresa until he climaxed.
Normally, there'd be changes of position and Cheryl would get some fucking too -- but in this case, he guessed due to the location and perceived time limits, there were no changes. There was just Cheryl behind him encouraging him to fuck Teresa; Teresa in front of him bent and taking his cock as she moaned with every thrust; and his own pleasure as he used this stranger selfishly. As Cheryl helped him move, pushing and pulling him to make him fuck Teresa harder, she steadily kissed his back and whispered words of encouragement. "That's right, baby," she said. "Fuck that pussy. Use it. Give her that cock until you cum up in her." Her words added to his excitement and he found himself wanting to cum as quickly as he could. He wanted to push his length as deep into this pussy as he could when he came. He wanted Cheryl to see him doing what she intended -- filling up this other woman's sex.
He kept fucking. Cheryl kept kissing him. She kept encouraging him. His balls started to tighten and he could feel his orgasm approaching. His moans changed and Cheryl knew what was going on. "That's it, baby," she said, the smile obvious in her voice. "Give it to her. Cum in her. Fill that fucking pussy up!"
It added to his energy when Teresa finally spoke as well, but only to beg for his cum. "Yes!" she nearly screamed. "Cum in me! Fuck my cunt! Give me that load!"
Frank let his head fall back as his balls tightened and his climax began. His moan of pleasure was more like a panting growl as the first spasm of his orgasm fired the first thick hot rope of cum as deep into Teresa's sex as he could reach. "Yes, baby! Do it!" Cheryl cheered. Teresa didn't say anything but steadily moaned and bucked her hips back against each spasm of his orgasm, milking the cum from him and helping to insure that every shot of it was delivered deep into her, right against her cervix. Her orgasm hit her just as his flowed from him and he could feel her pussy clutching at his length as he finished those last few strokes that pushed him over the edge. His climax was deep and intense and he only slowed his strokes when it began to pass... the sensations reducing gradually and his balls relaxing. His cock finally began to wilt and soften, eventually slipping out of Teresa's well-fucked and sloppy pussy.
Frank was not surprised, as his cock fell out of Teresa's sex, to feel Cheryl moving around him, between them, down on her knees again. Without pause, she sucked his soft cock into her mouth, using her fingers to grasp him and scoop his cum mixed with Teresa's juice into her mouth. She sucked and licked his dick and balls, all around his pubis, until there was no sign of him having had intercourse. Then she smiled up at him, swallowed everything she'd managed to collect in her mouth and smiled again.
Then she turned to Teresa, who hadn't moved, and planted her mouth on the woman's fucked open sex. Teresa moaned as Cheryl ate her pussy, sucking out Frank's cum and licking the swollen lips, tickling the erect and buzzing clit as well. Before Cheryl was satisfied that Teresa's sex was clean, the woman had enjoyed another orgasm.
A few minutes later, everyone was dressed and Cheryl was leading Teresa out the door. Teresa hadn't spoken another word but had given Frank a passionate kiss goodbye after he'd thanked her for the delightful surprise. Cheryl gave him an equally passionate kiss and told him she'd call him later. She wished him a good work day and then led Teresa out of his office by the hand -- just as she'd led the woman in. Frank went back to his desk and his spread sheets, realizing that the remainder of his coffee had gone cold. With a smile, he told himself it was well worth it and he tried to focus on work.
That Afternoon
It was about 4:30 that afternoon and Frank was in his office just finishing up some of what he considered "end of day" paperwork. He tried to finish up by five although there were certainly times he didn't leave his office until much later. Since he'd been in his relationship with Cheryl, he was keenly aware of the fact that her work day usually ended between 4:30 and 5:00, so if he was done by five there was usually a good chance they could get dinner and spend the evening together. After the morning he'd enjoyed with Teresa, at Cheryl's initiative, he felt like he owed her a very nice evening full of a good dinner and some spoiling of her. It was probably a good night to get her massage table out and spend an hour or more giving her a full-bodied hot-oil massage. He knew how much she enjoyed being pampered like that.
As he was examining and updating a few numbers on a spread sheet, there was a knock on his office door. "Come!" he called, looking up from the computer screen. To his surprise, Cheryl walked in again, this time alone. "Why hi there again," he said with a big smile. Cheryl didn't say a word until she had closed the door behind her and walked across his office and around his desk to bend over and give him a big kiss. "Hi, yourself," she said with a smile after the kiss.
"To what do I owe this added pleasure?" he asked, glancing at the door.
Cheryl saw the glance and giggled at him. "No," she said sounding mischievous. "I didn't bring anyone with me this time." Frank smiled and pulled her back down for another kiss.
"Thank you again for this morning," he said with a big smile after the kiss. "It was a total and outstanding surprise. You never cease to amaze me."
"I enjoyed doing it," she said, still smiling. "Teresa had a good time; you had a good time; and I'm going to collect on what you owe me later."
"Oh, really?" Frank replied, chuckling.
"Yes, really," said Cheryl with a shit-eating grin.
"What did you have in mind?" Frank asked. But before Cheryl could answer, there was another knock on Frank's office door. "Hold that thought," he said to her with a grin and then called out, "Come!" just as he had when she had knocked. The door opened and a man named Joe walked in. Leaving the door open as he came in, the man saw that Frank had company -- although he didn't know Cheryl -- and said, "Hey, sorry for interrupting. I can come back in a few?" He said it as a statement but the inflection of his voice indicated he meant it as a question.
"Nonsense," replied Frank with a smile. "Joe, this is Cheryl, my girlfriend. Cheryl, Joe. He's one of the candidates for opening our new gym down in South Carolina." As Frank was speaking Cheryl took in the sight of the man she'd never met. He was taller than Frank's six foot (ish) frame and built just as well, if not slightly more muscular. His skin tone and facial features indicated a mixed heritage, maybe with some eastern or African blood somewhere in his family tree. He was dressed very casually in a polo shirt over a pair of shorts that stopped about halfway down his very muscular thighs. The shorts not only showed off his thighs but were tight enough to show off what looked like an impressive bulge in his crotch as well. She took all that in in less than a half second before responding to Frank's words of introduction.
Cheryl stepped over to extend her hand to Joe who shook it very politely. "Nice to meet you, Joe," she said. "You're going to move to South Carolina to open a gym for Frank?"
"Actually, no," the man replied as he released her hand. "I live in South Caroline. I'm actually up here checking out his operation and how he runs his gyms to see if I want to open one where I live."
"Oh," said Cheryl, "that makes more sense." She returned to Frank behind his desk and bent to give him a kiss. "I'll leave you two alone to talk about business. Give me a call when you're done with your day."
"No," said Joe quickly. "I just stopped in to let Frank know I was heading out for the day. I'll be back in the morning... about nine?"
"That'll work just fine," said Frank with a smile. He got up and came around his desk to shake Joe's hand. "I look forward to hearing your observations, questions and suggestions tomorrow during our lunch meeting."
"Perfect," said Joe as he started toward the door. "Nice to meet you, Cheryl," he said with a glance at her. She noticed that he didn't just look at her face but that his gaze traveled her whole frame. "You too," she replied and then he was gone, the door closing behind him.
With the door closed and Frank and Cheryl standing next to each other just inside it, she turned to Frank and said, "Oh my god... where have you been hiding him?"
With a smile, Frank put his arms around her. "Like that did you? Find him mildly attractive?"
"Mildly?" she replied with a big grin. "There's nothing mild about it. If you could give me a romp with him, I'd consider this morning's debt from you paid in full and then some."
Frank thought about that. He was as happy to give Cheryl sexual adventures and delights as she was to give them to him. He didn't mind who she played with or when or where. The only considerations either of them worried about were first, health and safety, and second, professional implications. There were several men who worked for Frank in his gyms that Cheryl had met and joked about fucking, but it was only a joke and they both knew it. She never would because those men worked with Frank right in the local area and as his employees. Joe was a slightly different story. He lived three states away and if he opened a gym for Frank it would be on franchise basis -- not as an employee. As far as Frank knew, Joe was single and heterosexual. All of that flashed through Frank's mind in about a second before he stepped over to the office door. Opening it he caught Joe just before he'd gotten out of the hallway.
"Hey, Joe!" he called out. "Can you come back in here for just a moment?" Joe turned, nodded and headed back. Frank turned to look at Cheryl and saw the look of surprise on her face. "What?" he said with a grin. "If I'm okay with it, you want it and he's game, then why not?"
"Hey, no complaint here," she said with a big smile.
Joe came back in the office and, as Frank closed the door behind him, said, "What's up?"
"Come sit down for a quick moment, Joe," Frank said, indicating one of the two chairs on the customer side of his desk. Frank went back around behind his desk to his chair and Cheryl followed him but only to the end of his desk. She stopped so that she was neither in front of it nor behind it. Joe had taken his seat as had Frank and their eyes met. "This is going to be kind of weird," Frank said, "But I have some information to share with you and an offer to make."
"Okay," said Joe with a smile, glancing over at Cheryl as she stood staring at him with a smile of her own. "I'm all ears," he said.
"God, I hope not," Cheryl giggled. Joe looked confused and Frank figured he'd better explain quick.
"Listen," he said, "Cheryl and I have been together for quite some time and one of the reasons we're so happy together is because he work hard to make each other happy. There's no jealousy between us and we are happiest when we can give pleasurable gifts to each other." Frank could see the mildly confused look on Joe's face, but he didn't see anything that looked like judgment or discomfort, so he continued on. "Why, just this morning, right here in this office, she brought me another women to fuck bent over my desk."
That DID bring a mild look of shock to Joe's face. But he could see that it wasn't a joke by the looks on both Frank's and Cheryl's faces. Looking at Cheryl he said, "You did that?"
"Yes," said Cheryl, now smiling big and nodding her head. "It was quite hot to watch too."
Joe looked back to Frank and said, "Why are you telling me this? Some lesson or guidance about workplace harassment or something?"
"Not at all," replied Frank. "I'm telling you this so you understand how things are between Cheryl and I."
"Okay," said Joe.
"And so you're not shocked when I tell you that Cheryl finds you very attractive and wants to play with you," finished Frank.
That brought another look of shock to Joe's face which stuck around for a moment as he looked back and forth between Frank and Cheryl. Frank's face was perfectly calm and friendly looking with just a slight smile. Cheryl's face was a different story. She was gently chewing her bottom lip and Joe noticed her left hand had trailed up to gently circle over the nub of her erect nipple he could see under her dress.
Finding his voice, he looked back at Frank and said, "So you're telling me it's okay if I want to play with your woman?"
"No," said Frank with a smile and a small shake of his head. "I'm asking you if you will please play with Cheryl, right here, right now, and don't stop until you've cum as deep up into her as you can reach." As Frank spoke those words, a quiet moan escaped Cheryl and her eyes twinkled with delight. She could see the bulge in Joe's shorts grow and lurch and she was sure he had a nice size cock to please her with... if he was game.
She could see that Joe wasn't 100% sold yet, but she could also tell that he wanted her. He just needed another small bit of convincing. Stepping around the desk, with a quick glance over at Frank, Cheryl moved closer to Joe and ran her fingertips across his muscular chest. "Does that sound like a fun idea to you?" Cheryl asked the target of her desires. "Do you think you might enjoy that?" she smiled. "I will make sure you do if you're game," she said. Then she bent over and gave him a kiss... hard... passionate and hungry, full on the mouth. Her tongue reached out, searching for his, swirling and tasting when she found it. As she kissed him she let her hand trail down between his legs, finding his bulge -- the thick piece of manmeat she was sure she would find. He had a nice size cock -- and she'd had more than her share. As she grasped and rubbed his growing manhood through the fabric of his shorts, Joe moaned into their kiss.
Cheryl broke the kiss and stood up, pulling her dress off over her head in a single motion, making herself naked before Joe and Frank. It was a sight Frank always enjoyed and the look of appreciation on Joe's face made Frank enjoy it all the more. He was proud of his woman and loved to see other men appreciate her beauty and sexiness. With a glance he realized that the office door was unlocked and he got up quickly to go fix that. Joe saw Frank coming around the desk with a slight look of concern on his face and misinterpreted it. A look of panic showed on Joe's face... until Frank passed his chair and went to lock the door. Then he turned back to Cheryl and Joe saying, "Have fun, but don't be too loud." With a smile, he stepped over to kiss Cheryl and then went back to sit behind his desk and watch the show.
Cheryl bent and kissed Joe again, her naked ass pointed in Frank's direction so he had a clear view when Joe's hands began to explore her body. He watched as Cheryl and Joe's kiss grew in passion and energy even as Joe's hands traveled up and down Cheryl's legs, over her ass, stopping to caress and squeeze and then up her bent body to her smallish breasts. Cheryl moaned hard into Joe's mouth as he pinched one of her nipples, pulling and twisting it just slightly. It was just enough as the sensation of it shot through her pussy and she felt herself get even wetter than she already was. Breaking their kiss she pulled him up by his hands and immediately set to work getting him out of his shorts. She'd be happy if he took of his shirt because he was built so well and looked so nice, but that was secondary. Right that moment she wanted access to his growing cock so she could make sure he was fully erect before fucking her.
With Joe standing, Cheryl undid the buckle, button and zipper of his shorts, pulling them down over his hips and ass as she dropped to her knees in front of him. She had never been disappointed with Frank's cock -- almost eight inches and nicely thick -- but Joe's was in a different class. Not quite fully erect yet it was almost ten inches long and as thick around as her wrist. He was circumcised and the veins stood out on his shaft. Precum was showing at the small hole she would work to get a full load of cum from. His calls were proportionate to his cock: the size of a plum and smooth. He'd either had his pubic hair lasered off or shaved recently. She didn't care which; she just appreciated the manscaping.
On her knees with that cock half-hanging half-standing out in front of her, she reached to grasp it with one hand while her other hand went to cup and caress his full balls. Inhaling his scent, she rubbed his cock up across one cheek, across her forehead as her nose nuzzled his balls, and then back down the other cheek. He smelled as good as he looked to her and she felt his balls contract as she stretched out her tongue to taste him. Holding his cock still, she tickled his length at the tip, just where the crown of his swollen head formed a V under the hole. She licked and flicked at that spot, feeling his reactions to the pleasure she was providing before she did anything else. From focusing on that small area she moved to licking up and down both sides of his length, from just under the rim of his cockhead all the way down to the base, around and back up the other side.
Joe tangled his hands in Cheryl's relatively short hair, moving her mouth on him as Frank watched. Joe didn't try to control her movements but the pressure of his hands in her hair let her know what he really wanted -- and that was to feel his cock engulfed in her mouth. As thick as he was, Cheryl knew she wouldn't be able to take much into her mouth, but she did her best, opening wide and using her hand to guide his cockhead between her lips. She pulled her tongue out of the way and pushed her head onto his length as far as she could. She didn't have much of a gag reflex and with a smaller diameter dick she might have been able to deepthroat it (she could with Frank's) but this thing wasn't going down her throat. When the spongy-hard cockhead hit the back of her throat, it stopped -- no further movement. Cheryl moved her tongue back and forth across what was in her mouth, stroking what wouldn't fit and still caressing his balls with her other hand.
The moan that escaped Joe let her know just how good what she was doing felt -- but breathing demanded she release her oral hold on him. Coming up for air she took a deep breath and buried her head back down on his cock again. She wasn't shy about her mouth watering for him and as a result had plenty of her own saliva to use as lubricant to stroke his shaft with her hand as she sucked and licked what was in her mouth. She felt it grow and stiffen until it was, she thought, fully erect. She liked pleasing a man and she thoroughly enjoyed hearing the sounds of pleasure Joe was emanating -- but she also really wanted to feel this cock in her pussy. It was why she worked to get it hard.
Releasing his cock and standing up, Cheryl gave Joe a kiss and then moved to bend over Frank's desk -- exactly where Teresa had been that morning. "Fuck me bent over this desk," Cheryl said to Joe. "It'll get in nice and deep this way." Frank didn't know if Cheryl had done it on purpose, but the position she'd chosen put her almost face to face with him as Joe stepped up behind her. She realized it quickly though and looked Frank in the eye as Joe put one hand on her ass and used his other hand to rub his cockhead up and down between her pussy lips.
Typically Joe would have spent quite a bit of time making sure a lover was relaxed enough to take his dick, but Cheryl seemed eager and he discovered her pussy was drenched. He decided he'd definitely take his time but she seemed ready and wanted nothing more to have him fuck her. Cheryl kept her eyes locked on Frank's as she felt Joe rubbing his cock over her opening, feeling how wet she was and spreading her juice over the swollen knob of his cock. Frank knew the precise moment that Joe began to push into her as her eyes opened wider and her mouth fell open to first gasp in air and then release it as his invading cock seemed to push it out of her.
Joe only pushed in his head and an inch or two, holding it there for a few minutes before backing out until only his cockhead remained inside her... and then he pushed again. Cheryl kept her gaze on Frank, her eyes widening each time Joe gave her more of his thick length. Frank could tell what he was doing from the reactions on Cheryl's face: her eyes opening wider and her mouth opening as he pushed in; her face relaxing as he was pulling out. Cheryl may not have even been aware of the sounds she was making to accompany the looks on her face; the deep moans and groans that were timed with her breathing and in response to Joe's penetrations. Cheryl reached out a hand across Frank's desk and he took it, holding it as Joe continued to work his cock into her.
Finally Joe reached full penetration, the fact made obvious as his hips hit Cheryl's ass and her body was pushed forward against Frank's desk. The low growl that escaped Joe as he felt the pleasure of having his manhood fully enveloped in Cheryl's tight wetness made it obvious how much he was enjoying the pleasure he was taking from her. As much as he was enjoying that pleasure, he was determined to give plenty too -- and began stroking his cock in and out of the petite blond he'd been surprised to enjoy that afternoon. His strokes were slow and steady, from almost all the way out to fully buried... and then he began to accelerate his pace. Pulling on her hips and holding her in place on the desk, he increased the speed of his thrusts until he heard her moans peak.
Cheryl's first orgasm washed through her and her eyes closed involuntarily. Frank watched as Joe's cock fucked her into and through her first climax. The almost keening noises Cheryl made as Joe's manhood plundered her cunt were like music to Frank's ears. The look on her face was pure delight as she thoroughly enjoyed the deep long fucking Joe's length provided. Idly Frank wondered how long she could take it, because he knew that Joe did at least an hour of cardio exercise each day.
The answer came after Joe had fucked Cheryl through another three orgasms, each seemingly more intense than the first. It was almost 25 minutes later -- 25 minutes of hard pounding Cheryl against the desk (Joe wondered if she'd have bruises on her hips as a result) that Joe finally felt his own orgasm starting to build. He remembered that Frank had said he could cum inside Cheryl, but... that was one of those things you always double checked with a woman. His groans let her know he was getting close, so he didn't think he had to articulate a whole question.
"Inside you?" was all he asked.
"Yes," answered Cheryl, nearly shouting it. "As deep inside me as you can reach! Give it to me. Fill my pussy. Fuck that cum into me."
Her words and the freedom to let go pushed him over the edge and with a few more pumps Joe grabbed Cheryl's shoulders, pulling her back hard, forcing his hips forward, planting his cockhead as deep into her as he could reach. With the barest motion of his hips he began to spew his hot cream directly against her cervix, deeper into her than any man had been in quite some time. Cheryl felt every scalding hot shot and her body jerked in response. Joe held her in place, pinned between him and the desk; unable to move or escape even if she'd wanted to. Her body took every drop of his cum until his orgasm had passed and his breathing felt like it might be able to return to normal.
Joe pulled away and his dick flopped out of Cheryl's stretched cunt. To his surprise, as he stepped back, she spun around, squatting down, cupping one hand under her draining pussy while her other hand grabbed his slimy cock. Opening wide she pulled that slippery mess to her face, sucking it, licking it and stroking it clean. She used her hand to scoop and gather their mixed cum toward the head where she sucked or licked it off. She swallowed as she went, moaning with apparent delight at the flavor. Frank had seen her like this before and knew what it was: she had told him that she took a man's orgasm as proof she'd "done her job" in pleasuring him and that she considered any man's cum hers if she caused the orgasm. She loved to eat cum and Frank knew Joe's cock would be whistle clean before she released it. When she finally did, he damned near collapsed into one of the client chairs available, watching as Cheryl began to lick the cum from her hand that had drained from her pussy.
With Joe's cock cleaned and her own hand void of any remaining cum, Cheryl stood up, stepped to Joe to give him a quick thank-you-kiss and then turned back to Frank -- who was sitting behind his desk still watching her. "Thank you, baby," she said with a big smile. "Your debt is definitely paid in full!"
They laughed together as Frank said, "Glad to hear it -- but you owe me more later."
"Anytime," Cheryl said with a grin. "You know that."
Bending over, Cheryl gave Joe his shorts and underwear and picked up her dress which she pulled on. Frank glanced at the clock and knew his workday was over. He hoped no one had heard what was going on in his office, but if they had there was nothing he could do about it now. Looking over at his now dressed girlfriend and past her to Joe as he was zipping and buckling his shorts, Frank said, "I think we all need to go to dinner and talk."
For the briefest moment Joe looked worried but that moment passed. "Dinner sounds good," he said with a huge smile. "My treat to say thank you and we can hammer out the final details of the franchise."
"Excellent," replied Frank, watching as Cheryl adjusted her dress to be just right. "Let's go eat."