Slowly you walk, your maxi skirt pulled tight across your bottom, swishing about your legs each step pulling the dress tight across your delicious legs showing how they curve and stretch forever. Your top flutters with each step, a lovely button down cut high, one button open to hint at your luscious breasts hiding beneath a sexy bra no man can resist.
Along the street you walk, the breeze flowing through your hair teasing your clothes pulling it every way. Alongside you I walk, arms wrapped tightly around, hands clasped together; a loose button down shirt hugs me as I move, jeans hug my bottom, you ache to grab me.
We walk quickly but gracefully, with a purpose towards our destination, the movie theatre. Delayed by our restless play we hurry to avoid missing the film. Luckily we arrive on time, purchasing our tickets and hurrying in. Out of the corner of my eye I see the attendant eying us out of envy; we find our theatre and slip in.
Entering the sparsely populated theatre you choose seats towards the back, centered below the projector. We settle in for the showing just as the lights go dark and the movie begins. I raise your hand and kiss it, smiling at you as I do so. You blush feeling my lips against your hand, wishing it was elsewhere. You lean in and kiss me hotly, slipping your tongue into my mouth and stroking mine sensually, caressing my mouth as my tongue slips around it and strokes yours in return. Our kisses make me hot. You pull back with a wink, turning to watch the film. I shift in my seat to get comfortable. I take your hand and stroke it slowly as the film begins.
I struggle to watch the film but it is of no use for deep within my fire is burning and it purrs with lust. I glance your way to see you are paying attention; I look around to see we are several rows away from the rest of the audience. I raise the arm rest separating us and put my arm around you, pulling you closer to me. Gently I begin to stroke your arm making you sigh and relax into me, your happiness makes me smile, seeing you so content is incredible.
Slowly my strokes grow longer as I move my hand up your arm, as it passes to your shoulder you give me an incredulous look and I wink as you wonder what I'm up to. My hand slips under your arm, gripping your waist now, feeling the soft fabric of your shirt as it strokes, fingers tracing along the embroidered pattern.
I pull you closer, making you lean into me granting my hands more mobility and access. Slowly it slithers along, sliding down to touch your midriff, you moan quietly as you feel my hand touch your belly, my cool fingers tickling your skin as it glides along and presses against your shirt. I can't help but lean down to kiss your neck, my tongue licking across it touching it every way possible. You begin to squirm as your fire starts to burn deep within.
My hand slips over your shirt and slowly undoes a button, slipping back under to stroke your belly feeling it raise and lower as your breathe heavily. Gently and gently I stroke your belly, letting my hand caress and feel you, squeezing you gently. As my hands moves up, it undoes yet another button.
You find it harder to watch the film, my movements and touches making you hotter. Deep within your fire is burning, it purrs with lust begging me to continue. I feel your body grow hotter and hotter until you're almost sweating as I slowly sensually undo each button. I kiss and lick your neck, nibbling and sucking it.
I reach the final button and pause, running my hand back down to your belly, tracing my fingers in slow circles around it gently squeezing and gripping it. Finally I move up and undo the last button, your shirt slides open and you feel the cold air hit your chest causing a sharp intake of breath. I look down at you, the sight of your exposed chest incredibly sexy. Your bra holds your breasts close begging to be touched, kissed, sucked, and played with.
I slide a hand up to your breasts, tracing along your bra and teasing them slowly grazing along your hard nipples pressed against the fabric making you quietly moan. You slip a hand down to my thigh and begin stroke it in rhythm with my hand, moving closer and closer to my sex. My legs spread as you move in, I moan as you touch me. Quietly our fires burn as we touch and stroke each other, our hands getting closer and closer to their prize. We stifle our moans so not to attract attention.
My fingers curl and tug at your bra, sliding it up and over your breasts. You gasp as you feel the cold air hit them, your nipples growing harder as they tingle. A hand grips your breasts, teasing and fondling them as a finger traces small circles around your nipple. Your hand grazes across my sex making it jump.
Your tightly grip my sex and begin to slowly stroke it, squeezing it as your hand slides along its length. I continue to play with your breasts rolling your nipple between my fingers, slowly squeezing and tugging on it making you moan as you grow hotter; your fire burning brighter and brighter. Not satisfied with my access, I whisper directions into your ear and you turn to lie back across my lap. Leaning down I kiss you as I run my hand along your breasts, fondling and caressing them as I tease your nipples. Slowly I move my hand back down across your belly and slip it beneath your skirt and panties, running my fingers through the hair of your sex. You moan softly as you sense how close I am to you. Slowly my fingers dance around your sex as they move closer, feeling the heat that lies within. We kiss passionately, our tongues dancing together as they dart between our mouths. I move my hand lower still and feel the lips of your sex, plump with lust and hot with desire. I run a finger over it, caressing and stroking making you squirm as you spread your legs. I press gently as I stroke, parting the lips as my finger slides deeper. Your honey coats my hand as I play with you, you moan silently as your hips writhe in pleasure.
My strokes grow longer and longer until I feel the entrance to your sex, pausing I move my fingers to press against you then slowly begin to massage your entrance making you moan quietly into my mouth. Slowly I press harder and harder until your sex gives way and my finger slides in, you arch your back as you feel me enter, pleasure flying across your body. Slowly I stroke you, my finger sliding in and out as we kiss in the theatre, as I slide my finger out another joins it, making your hips buck as the added pleasure hits your body. Slowly I increase my pace, longer faster strokes making your body shake and quiver with pleasure.
You feel your fire burning hotter and hotter with each stroke; it's getting so hot you can hardly stand it. You kiss me hard now, gripping my head and pulling me down as I play with you. Slowly you feel your edge approaching, my strokes coming faster and faster as you grow hotter and hotter. Your fire bursts from within you and pours out of you and into me, you grip my head tightly and kiss me passionately as your orgasm breaks free and rides out along your body. I stroke you harder and harder now as your sex wraps itself tightly around my fingers pulling them in as it pulses and twitches. Your body shakes and quivers writhing in ecstasy.
Slowly your orgasm fades, your body calming from the sudden orgasm. I slow my strokes as I begin to slide my fingers out of you, just barely playing but still making you shiver with pleasure. As you regain control of your body you look up at me and kiss me, lust still burning in your eyes. I slide my fingers out of you and raise them to my mouth, sucking them in and licking your honey off. I pass my fingers to you and you wrap your lips about them, licking and sucking them clean. You slowly sit up and look at me with a devious look then quickly remove your bra. Your fire still burns inside and you want to play.
You deftly lean over and undo my pants, making quick work of it as you flip it open then slide your hand in to find my sex, you shiver as you feel how hot it has become and how hard it feels in your grasp. It pulses from your touch, twitching and begging for you to play with it. I grow hotter as your wrap your hand around it and begin to stroke me slowly, rolling your thumb along the tip. You slide down to kneel between my legs, licking your lips as you eye my sex. I gaze at you lustfully as you grip my pants and slide them down my legs, exposing my sex to you. With a devious smile you wrap your hand around me and begin to stroke.
The sight of you is so erotic, your shirt hanging open breasts exposed and nipples hard. I reach down and take hold of each, fondling and teasing them. You slowly stroke me, rolling your fingers along the base, tracing along the ridge, and dancing along the tip. My fire grows hotter and hotter as you play.
You lean down and run your tongue along the ridge of my sex slowly then swirl it around the tip. My body shakes as you do so, each lick sending shocks of pleasure through me. With each stroke of your hand you run your tongue along my sex, small licks and long licks creating an explosive sensation. You slow down your touches to where it is almost painful for me, dragging your tongue ever so slowly from the base to the tip, enjoying the feel of my sex against it. As your tongue reaches the tip you pause, tracing a small circle around it. As you move back down and kiss it you wrap your lips around me.
I groan inwardly, barely audible but loud enough to give you pleasure. With each stroke you slide more of me into your mouth, licking and sucking with pleasure on your face. I writhe in my seat, your touches and mouth driving me crazy. My fire is burning incredibly hot now as you pull me into your mouth. Sensing my burning fire, you increase your pace, sliding me deeper into your mouth and stroking me harder with your tongue, wrapping your lips tightly around and sliding back out. I stroke your breasts and tease your nipples with urgency, matching your strokes. You moan into my sex, the vibrations casting out waves of pleasure through my body. My fire burns hotter and hotter, brighter and brighter with each stroke of your tongue.
I'm burning so hot now I can barely stand it; my edge is approaching quickly, the thrill of the theatre driving me higher and higher as you pull me harder and harder into your mouth. I shudder and gasp as I feel my fire burst from within me, pouring out of me and into you. You moan as you feel my orgasm hit me, my sex pulsing and twitching in your mouth as my seed flows into your mouth. As it hits your tongue you moan again, tasting my love and lust. You eagerly drink me in, catching what you can as I pump my seed into you. I shake and quiver as my orgasm rides my body, pleasure spreading from deep within.
You pull as much of me as you can into your mouth as you swallow my seed, catching what you can as it fills your mouth. My seed dribbles out of your mouth and down your chin, dripping onto your swaying breasts. My orgasm rides my body focused at my sex; each time you swallow it sends a shockwave of pleasure through me. You feel my orgasms slowing; my sex growing smaller as it twitches and shakes, pouring my seed into your mouth.
You pull me deep into your mouth and lick me clean, slowly sliding me out of with a wet pop. I jump as I come free; one last shock of pleasure riding my body as my orgasm slowly fades. You stand back up and lean in to kiss me, sliding your tongue into my mouth to stroke mine. I taste my seed as we kiss and moan into yours, sliding my tongue into your mouth to get a taste of it on your lips. You tuck my sex back in and slide my pants up fastening them as you sit. Slowly you slide a finger down to your chest and scoop up the spilled seed, sucking it off your finger slowly and seductively then licking your lips clean.
You toss your bra under the seat with a wink and button your shirt back up, leaving the top two undone to reveal your delicious cleavage, hinting at what lies beneath. Your hard nipples press against your shirt, breasts barely hidden beneath. You lean back in to me and I throw my arms around you. The film is almost finished, and we wish to enjoy what's left, we did pay to enter after all.
##PAGE##
It didn't take long for the film to finish, our little play session having run for quite some time. The credits begin to roll and the theatre quickly empties out leaving us as we slowly move from our seats. The sight of your breasts hanging freely beneath your shirt has made my sex grow hard again and you see this, brushing your hand against it as we stand.
As we work our way down the stairs to the exit I reach out behind me and grab you, squeezing your bottom causing you to jump and stumble into me, pressing your hot breasts against my back. I turn to help you back up, gripping your sides and quickly sliding my hands up under your short to squeeze you. You grasp my hands before they reach your breasts, eyes wide with surprise. I look at you and wink, seeing the sparkle of lust in your eyes.
We finally make our way to the exit, walking out to the theatres hall. As we walk our hands cannot help but touch, brushing against our bodies and caressing them. You look around hunting for a bathroom, desiring to fulfill a need. You spot one and head into it, I stop at the entrance to look around. Seeing nobody watching I slip in past you.
You enter the bathroom and look about, seeing that it's empty you quickly hike up your skirt and peel off your soaked panties, tossing them into a trash can. Playing with me and bringing me to orgasm had made you so hot your honey had been leaking from you the entire time, ruining your panties. Feeling the air hit your exposed sex you gasp as it tingles from the sensation. Your legs go weak for a moment and you catch yourself against the counter as little sparks of pleasure run up your body. You lower a hand to feel your sex, how hot and full the lips are with lust. You slip a finger between them to feel the honey still flowing and press it deeper as it slides inside you. You close your eyes as you begin to play with yourself, pumping a finger in and out of yourself.
I enter and see you leaning against the counter breathing heavily holding your skirt up legs spread out and your bottom jutting out teasing me as you play with yourself. The sight is so erotic I feel my fire start burning and quickly make my way towards you, wrapping a hand around your waist pulling your bottom against me as I kiss your neck. The feel of my hard sex against you makes you moan and you press against it grinding into me.
I slip a hand down beneath your skirt, working quickly to find my prize. It slides down over your bottom, squeezing it tightly then around your hip to brush through the hair of your sex. You moan again as you feel my hand glide through it as it seeks the source of your fire. I feel your hand pressed against your sex and smile, you're so hot you can't keep your hands off yourself. I slowly pull your hand away, desiring that I be the one to play with you. You raise your hand up to your shirt, quickly popping several buttons free to access your breasts. You begin to play with yourself, caressing your breast and teasing your nipple as my hand slides ever farther down towards your sex.
A finger slides down to feel the lips of your sex, I smile as I begin to slowly stroke, feeling the curve of it and how soft and warm it is to my touch. As I stroke I push it deeper into you, making you moan out loud again. Hot and wet from lust and desire your sex opens up for me as a finger slips between your lips and presses against your button. You moan again and grind even harder against me. I leave my finger there, slowly massaging your button, making tiny circles on it causing you to buck and moan as I send jolts of pleasure through you over and over again. Your honey begins to flow freely as I make you burn hotter and hotter.
You're breathing heavily, so hot you're sweating as your hand mauls your breasts groping and playing with it as the other desperately grips the counter while I play with you. My fingers are driving you wild making your mind go numb with lust as honey flows from your sex down your legs.
I hear the door creak open and quickly grab your arm, pulling you with me into a bathroom stall. You barely register the change of location only that you're now pressed up against me feeling my hard sex pressing against yours. I listen carefully, hearing the person walk in to another stall near ours. As I listen you gaze at me with lust as your hands quickly undo my shirt and pants, dropping the pants down as you pull my boxers with them, freeing my sex as it springs free at attention.
I turn to you and grin mischievously; carefully I pull off the pants and boxers, hanging them up. You wrap your hand around my sex and begin to stroke it as I pull you close and kiss you, my hands sliding up your body to play with your breasts. We work quietly, trying to avoid notice from our guest. You hungrily kiss me, begging for release as you stroke me driving my fire hotter and hotter. Deftly I slip my hands down around your waist to grip your skirt.
I slide my hands beneath the skirt, hooking my thumbs around the top. Slowly I begin to move my hands down, caressing your bottom as your skirt slides downwards. Your legs are slick with honey wetting my hands as they move along them, my sex twitching in response. You step out of your skirt carefully; dizzy with lust you can hardly stand. I hang it with my pants and pull you back to me, pressing our hot sexes together as we kiss again. Slowly we grind into each other as our hands run along our bodies squeezing and groping, caressing and pulling. Desperate to stay quiet our hands moan for us, gripping tightly and pulling us closer.
We're burning so hot now, our touches and play having driven us wild. Our close proximity to our unknown guest makes our lust run high as we kiss and grind in the stall. Your desire for me is so great and you desperately want me inside you. Breaking away you turn around and put your hands against the wall arching your back to present your sex to me. The sight is incredibly erotic and I eagerly grab on to your waist pulling you closer.
I carefully line my sex up with yours and rest it at your entrance making you buck against me trying to push me in. Slowly I begin to press myself into you and gently your lips part to welcome me in. The feel of me sliding into you is too much and you flush the toilet as you moan out loud, the rushing water concealing your sounds. Your sex grips me tightly, squeezing me as I enter you. My hands grip you tightly as they moan pulling you against me as I come to rest fully inside you.
I start to thrust, pulling out and pushing back in slowly taking my time to avoid making us scream out loud. As we begin to make love I listen to our guest as they finally depart from their stall to wash their hands. The rushing water of the faucet enables us to make some noise; I thrust a little harder making you moan quietly. I slide my hands up your body to grip your breasts, rolling your nipples between my fingers. The entire time I thrust slowly in and out, pulling back until just the head of my sex is resting in you, and then pushing back in until I am buried inside you.
As our guest turns off the faucet and departs the door swings open and I slide all the way out and pause. Right as the door swings closed I quickly thrust myself in, sliding all the way into you making you lurch forward and moan out loud. Our fires are blazing hot now, screaming out for release, pleading for us to let them run free. I grip you tightly and begin to thrust faster and faster into you harder and harder. You're moaning freely now, not quite loud enough to escape the bathroom, but enough to drive me wild. The fog of lust hangs thick with us as we make love. I pull you against me as I thrust making you shake with pleasure.
The sight of us is incredibly erotic and intoxicating, you're bent over gripping the wall with one hand almost naked with just a shirt on unbuttoned all the way hanging open, a hand between your legs as your fingers frantically play with your button. You're covered in sweat and your legs are slick with honey, glistening as your legs shake with each thrust. Your face contorted in sheer pleasure, mouth hanging open and eyes screwed shut. My hands grip your breasts tightly, nipples squeezed tight between fingers digging in as they pull you onto me with each thrust. I stand half naked, shirt unbuttoned in our passion. My body is covered with sweat, crotch of my sex coated with your honey and glistening with each thrust. My jaw is clenched tight with lust and desire, eyes piercing with focus as I make love to you.
I thrust deep into you, each stroke spreading your sex making you moan deeply. Our fires burning hot within us, so great they are raging. We can hardly stand it; our edge is so close we can taste it. Slowly I feel my fire boiling to a breaking point and increase my pace, thrusting harder and deeper into you with each pulling you harder and harder against me. You moan soundlessly now, breathing so hard that no breath is left for you to moan. As my fire bursts from within me I moan and give one final great thrust into you, pressing you against the wall as my sex begins to powerfully pulse and throb as it pumps my seed deep into you. I shake as my orgasm is released, body going tense as it rides along it pulling the fire from deep within me and feeding it into you.
The feel of my pulsing throbbing sex makes your fire flash brightly, so hot you can no longer contain it. It bursts from within you and you bite your tongue to avoid screaming out as your orgasm takes hold and drives you higher and higher into your lust. Your body shakes and writhes as your hips buck against me, pushing me even deeper into you as your orgasms rides along you pulling your fire out from deep within you and feeding it into me. Your sex twitches with mine squeezing it tightly and pulling it, milking it for my seed as it hungrily devours it.
We shake and quiver as our orgasms ride out along our bodies, my seed flowing deep into you filling you up. Our orgasms slowly begin to subside, quieting as our bodies calm. My sex continues to twitch softly making you spasm as it sends a jolt of pleasure through your cooling body. Slowly I step back sliding my sex out of you and lean against the door breathing heavily. You stand slowly and turn to face me, leaning into me to kiss me. Our kiss is full of love, passion, and desire; slow sensual kisses calming our bodies as they press against each other. Our nectar of love leaks out of you as we kiss, our movements making our bodies slick with it. You drunkenly step back to look at me, eyes full of love; running a hand down your body you scoop your fingers into your sex and pull up our nectar to taste it. You close your eyes as you roll the sweet salty flavor of it over your tongue, swallowing it as you go down for more. You take your time as you drink us in, devouring all that you can. You kneel down and lick my legs clean of it, moving up slowly to my sex where you pull me into your mouth and roll your tongue across it making me moan softly. You take your time here, enjoying the feel of my sex, tasting my seed and your honey mixed together. Pulling your mouth free you stand back up to kiss me, sliding your tongue into my mouth so that I may taste our nectar.
Your touches and kisses make me dizzy with love and I kneel down to lick up the remnants of our nectar, running my tongue slowly up and down your legs as I lick up your honey and my seed. As I reach your sex I slow and drag my tongue across it, sliding it between the lips and pressing into your sex to search out our nectar. You moan softly as you feel my tongue slip inside you, enjoying the soft warm wet sensation. As I stand I continue to lick up your belly, kissing it and pausing to kiss your breasts, running my tongue up and around your nipples flicking my tongue across each. You moan softly as you hold me close, pressing my head into your bosom.
As I finally stand I wrap my arms around you again and kiss you, feeling your warm body against mine as it melts into me. Our tongues dip into our mouths, tasting our nectar of love upon our lips. Slowly we separate and get dressed, squeezing and grabbing as we do. Finally dressed we exit the stall and look at ourselves in the mirror and giggle. We are an absolute mess, your hair thrown about and my shirt crumpled and crooked. You fix your hair while I straighten out my shirt as we make ourselves presentable again. We walk to the door and you exit first, giving my sex a quick squeeze before you depart. A moment later I walk out to join you and we depart from the theatre, walking down the hall holding hands.
##PAGE##
The warm afternoon sun greets us as we exit, begging us to stay out a little longer and enjoy the day. Quietly our fire smolders, silently urging us to indulge in one another. Lazily we walk, arms wrapped around each other as we enjoy our company and the day. I whisper I love you into your ear and you giggle, leaning in to kiss me whispering that you too love me. I turn my head to look at you and drink in your beauty, your big smile fills my heart with joy, and gorgeous eyes that mesmerize me when I look into them. Continuing down I feel my face become flush with desire as I see how your breasts move freely beneath your shirt unbuttoned just enough to show your delicious cleavage, nipples grazing the fabric with each step. Lower I go and your skirt swishes along, hugging your waist and figure as it shows off your lovely legs. It rides low on your hips and from my view it is apparent you wear nothing underneath, I resist the urge to slide my hand across your belly and beneath your skirt.
An ice cream truck drives past and I flag it down, craving something cold to cool us on this warm summer day. We approach it and you lean up close to see what is available, I place an arm around you and lean in, feigning interest. As you talk to the driver and order ice cream, I slide a hand down the back of your skirt and squeeze your bottom. I feel you stiffen then relax as I slide my hand farther down between your legs. As you order and wait for the driver to give you your cone I slip a finger over your sex and slide it across, pressing against your hot wet lips as they open to welcome me. Your hands grip the edge of the window tightly as I slide a finger along your sex, sending small waves of pleasure out stoking your fire. As the driver gives us our ice cream I slide my hand out, squeezing your bottom again as it slips out of your skirt. I take our ice cream and we pay for it, as you turn around I see the hint of lust in your eyes as you look at me. As I watch you slip your tongue out and lick at the ice cream, lapping it up skillfully. I feel my smoldering fire burn a little hotter as I watch you, desiring your tongue be elsewhere. I grab your hand and we continue walking, enjoying the feel of the cold ice cream as we eat it. A lump of ice cream slips from the cone and lands on your chest making you jump, seeing an opportunity I lean down and suck it off you, licking up the melted ice cream from your breasts making you moan softly. I pull away and see you smiling warmly, the hint of lust in your eyes a bit more obvious.
We turn down a path into a park, looking about for a private area to relax as the trees swallow us up, surrounding us as we walk deeper into the park. The path twists and turns, leading up then down past play sets and picnic areas. The path divides, one leading up and another down. I take us up higher, away from the picnics and play sets towards a secluded area I had seen during another one of our daytime adventures. As we approach our spot I pause and step through an overgrown path and you follow, carefully avoiding branches with each step as you try not to get your skirt caught on them. We enter a small clearing and climb a knoll, the sun slips through the trees and lights it up. How this little area had become forgotten remains a mystery to me, but happy we are to have found some privacy. As you step clear of the path you look about to confirm our privacy then quietly undo several buttons to show even more of your cleavage. You undo a bottom button then slide your skirt lower on your hips, exposing your midriff.
Without looking I reach back and grab your hand, pulling you along to the knoll, you smile seeing that I haven't noticed your adjustments. Once we reach it I sit and look up to you and my eyes pop open and jaw drops. Looking up at you I see a heavenly beauty, shirt parted to reveal her breasts, partially concealed but enough to make me hot. Your midriff bares itself to me, incredibly sexy as it hints at what lies just below. Your skirt pulled down just enough to barely hang there, showing how your hips dip with your belly, inviting me to explore you. I sit and stare, drinking in the sight of you as I feel my sex come alive, growing harder and harder as my fire catches light and begins to burn.
My reaction brings a devious smile to your face as you slowly walk towards me, undoing a button with each step until it hangs open. You slide your shirt off slowly revealing a pair of perfect breasts, allowing it to slide off your shoulders and hang on your arms. You turn about and sashay as you walk, seductively moving your hips as you tease me. Dropping your shirt to the ground you pause and ever so slowly slide your skirt down, bending over as you do so giving me a generous view of your bottom. I see your sex come into view and the sight makes me burn even hotter, it glistens in the sun as your honey just starts to leak, I can see the drops begin to form as they slowly run down your lips. Releasing your skirt you step out of your shoes then walk back towards me, the warm sun lighting your beautiful nude body as you move. I remain where I am, absolutely speechless and stunned by your show. Hot desire runs through me as I watch but I am helpless to take action, so beautiful, sexy, and incredible are you that my mind is at a loss for action.
As you approach you straddle me and look down, my mouth still hanging open. Seductively you run a hand down across your breasts, down your belly to your sex. You slide a finger across it to collect some of your honey then slide it into my mouth so that I may taste it. I close my mouth around it and suck the honey in, running my tongue across it. I close my eyes as I taste you relishing it and enjoying your unique flavor. As you slide your finger back out you sit upon my lap and kiss me, wrapping your arms around my neck as you do so. Your kiss is hot and full of passion, sliding your tongue into my mouth wrapping it around mine as you play with me. I return your kiss with passion, lust boiling just beneath the surface. You feel my hard sex beneath you and slowly grind your sex against it, sending shivers through our bodies. You break our kiss and move down to kiss my neck, moving your hands to my shirt as you slowly undo the buttons. Which each button you open you move lower, kissing and licking along the way. You pause as my shirt spreads open, moving to lick and suck my nipples causing me to moan out loud. You slide my shirt off my shoulders, pulling it off me and casting it to the side. Halfway done you push me back, making me lay back across the grass. You take your time, enjoying how I shudder with your touch, moan from a lick, and how my sex strains against my pants.
You continue to move lower, kissing my belly and stroking it with your hands, wrapping them around my waist and squeezing me tightly. As you reach my pants you undo the button and slide the zipper down, nibbling at my boxers beneath it. Slowly you slide them off me, tossing them to the side. Looking back up you see how my sex presses against my boxers, almost free from its confines. You stretch your arms out to grab my boxers and slide them off me too, this time throwing them far away into the bushes. You gaze up at me and drink in the sight of me spread out across the grass. My sex stands hard and proud, the sun shining down upon it to light it like a beacon of lust. Just above my belly shakes and trembles, you see how heavy I breathe, how my body just shines slightly from the sweat of our fires. You move back up me, sliding your hands along my legs, teasing and caressing me the whole way. As you reach my sex you pause, looking closely at it and inhaling the faint smell of our love and lust. Without taking hold you stick your tongue out and slowly slide it from the base to the tip, riding the ridge of my sex making me jump and moan loudly. Slowly you lick me, sliding your tongue up and down, swirling around the head then returning to the base. You take your time as you enjoy our time together, loving the feel of the warm sun upon your naked body, the feel of the grass against your legs and arms.
Your licks are electric and drive me mad with lust, my fire burning hotter and hotter, a rolling fire deep within. Our passion controls us this time, allowing us to truly indulge in each other and feel how we drive the other higher and higher into lust. Your tongue feels absolutely amazing, each lick bringing a fresh wave of pleasure that spreads across my body. You pause for a moment as you swirl your tongue around the head, flicking it across the tip. You open your mouth up and slowly pull me in, wrapping your lips tightly around me making me moan and groan as my hips shake. You stroke me slowly, your tongue dancing across me sex as you move driving me wild with lust. I reach down and run a hand through your hair, feeling how you skillfully pleasure me and play with me.
Hearing me moan and groan makes you hotter, the feel of my sex in your mouth and how it twitches inside giving you great pleasure. Your honey flows freely, spilling down across your legs creating an incredibly erotic site; In the middle of a clearing upon a knoll we lay naked, and you kneel over me as you pleasure me, stroking my sex in and out of our mouth. Our clothes scattered about and your arousal evident as your honey glistens across your legs. As you slide your mouth up you release it with a wet pop, giving it one last lick across the head. Looking up at me you smile, sliding your body up across mine letting it ride up over my sex making me moan softly. Looking down you see just how wild you have driven me, my breath is labored and my eyes are burning hot with lust. You kiss me passionately again, grinding your body against mine. I wrap my arms tightly around you, grinding my body into yours. Our bodies slide across each other, slick with sweat they are.
Gently you slow your kisses pulling away and you wrap your hand around my sex. I moan again as you touch it, so hot I am that the slightest touch from you gives me pleasure. You slide a leg between mine, raising my leg up just slightly. Straddling my other leg you guide my sex into yours, slowly sliding down as I enter you. We both moan loudly as we join together, my sex sliding deep into you. You pause for a moment breathing hard against me. Our position is perfect for this moment, our constant play throughout the day having taxed us of our energy; you lean against me as you slowly begin to slide yourself up and down my body, thrusting yourself gently onto my sex. We make slow sweet love, kissing lovingly as we pleasure our bodies together. I thrust with you, pressing myself deep inside you, we moan freely together now feeling our lust melt together with our bodies. Deep inside I feel my soul glowing with love, reaching out to you as pleasure washes over us. Deep within you your soul glows with love, reaching out to me. We melt together as we make love upon the knoll, our naked bodies writhing with pleasure as we feel the grass tickle us. We steadily increase our tempo, moving faster and faster but remaining gentle with our strokes. We kiss and touch each other, our hands dancing along our bodies, squeezing and teasing as they move. Your hot breasts press against my chest, hard nipples stabbing into me. Our fires burn hotter and hotter as we kiss and make love, each stroke sending out a larger wave of pleasure.
We feel our edge slowly approaching, our fires burning hotter and hotter deep within us, our souls touching and kissing deep within us. I'm so hot that I can barely stand it as I kiss you harder with each thrust. You're burning hot now, your fire raging within you. You can hardly stand it as you thrust yourself upon me, driving me deeper into you. Your sex wraps itself tightly around me as your fire bursts from within you, pouring out of you and into me. You scream into my mouth as your orgasm takes hold, your sex squeezing me tighter and tighter as it pulls me into you. You shake and quiver, your body writhing with pleasure. Your orgasm triggers mine, your sex sending a sudden shock of pleasure through me as my fire bursts from within me, pouring out of me and into you. I shout into your mouth and kiss you fiercely, thrusting harder into you as my orgasm takes hold and rides out along me. We writher and thrust into each other, our orgasms riding us and sending constant waves of pleasure through our bodies. Our souls glow brightly as they embrace, kissing with love as they pull us closer. My sex pulses and throbs as my seed flows into you filling you up. The feel of my seed inside you drives you even higher into your orgasm, the hot liquid pumping deep inside you as your sex pulses and twitches as it milks me for it. We moan and shake, having lost control of our bodies as our orgasms take hold and send out sheer utter pure pleasure as it pushes us higher and higher into ecstasy.
After what seems like hours our orgasms subside, releasing its control of our bodies as it sends out smaller and smaller waves of us pleasure, our sexes pulsing and twitching with each. We continue to kiss, having never stopped through it all. Dripping with sweat we kiss slowly, lovingly, passionately. We slowly open our eyes and look to each other and see the love within us. Breaking our kiss we whisper how much we love each other, how incredible that was, and how happy we are together. I carefully slide you to my side, my sex popping free as I do so. Our nectar of love spills out of you, running down your leg. I move down and dip between your legs, eagerly drinking us in. You moan softly as you feel my tongue run across your sex, dipping in between your lips and inside you as I drink you in. I feast upon our love, enjoying its sweet salty taste, the thick texture as it rolls down my tongue, and the hot flavor of it upon my tongue. Licking you clean I slide back up to you, kissing you deeply as you taste our love upon my lips. You in turn slide down and pull my sex into your mouth, running your tongue along it as you clean me thoroughly; making me moan as your licks sends small jolts of pleasure through my body. Having cleaned me you slide back up to look at me, beaming with love as you look into my eyes. I wrap my arms around you and pull you close, kissing you again. Our post-orgasm bliss having made us drowsy we slowly drift off to sleep as we murmur I love you to each other. We fall fast asleep upon this grassy knoll, the sun lighting our naked bodies wrapped around each other. Were it that there was a perfect way to fall asleep, this would be it.