"Still The Beaver"/"The New Leave It To Beaver" was a syndicated TV series that aired from 1983-1989 and depicted the characters in the original "Leave It To Beaver" sitcom as adults. The following is a work of erotic fan fiction, the events of which are completely made up and did not happen, and is no true reflection of the characters depicted within or of the intentions of the scriptwriters of "Still The Beaver" and its predecessor series.
-----------------------------------
Eddie heard a noise at the back of the house and peeked through the crack between the double doors leading to the sunroom. An old black man, almost toothless with a white beard and a mass of uncombed, thinning white hair, was knocking on the French doors.
Eddie started to walk across the sun-room and tell the old beggar to go away, but before he opened the double doors he saw Wally walk into the sun-room from the other direction, wearing nothing but boxer shorts.
When Wally saw the dirty unshaven black man at the door, he paused to pull off his shorts so that the old man would get a good look at his cock the instant Wally opened the French doors.
Eddie, sensing that he was about to see a prime show, slightly opened the door he was standing at to get a better view and grabbed his own cock through the fly of his boxer shorts.
Wally opened one of the French doors and casually began rubbing his balls while he asked the old man what he wanted. The old black man glanced down and his eyes widened for a moment, so both Wally and Eddie knew he was impressed with the sight of Wally's flaccid cock.
"I wuz jes wonderin' if you might have any spare food or change, suh," the old beggar told Wally.
"Yeah, I think I can come up with something for you," Wally replied as he turned to give the black man a good view of his muscular ass. The black man started rubbing his own crotch while he watched Wally's buns flex as he walked across the room.
The beggar stepped inside and unzipped the fly of his stained dirty pants, letting his massive erection slip through the opening.
Eddie had noticed a slight smell of BO from the beggar when Wally opened the door, but when the man stepped inside and released his cock the smell became quite strong as far away as Eddie was standing. So Eddie figured that Wally couldn't be so distracted by rummaging through a desk for coins that his nose didn't alert him to the old man sneaking up behind him.
The old man stuck his erect cock between Wally's cheeks, the tip just touching Wally's hole.
Wally, who had been bent over the desk, straightened up and asked the man behind him, "What the hell do you think you're doing?"
"I'm gonna give you what you want, white boy," the old black man replied as he put one hand against Wally's back to bend him back over the desk while using his other hand to reposition his erect cock against Wally's asshole.
With one thrust the old black man's cock was inside Wally. Wally let out a loud gasp and then started begging, "Oh man, it's too big! Please take it out; I can't handle one your size!"
Wally's pleas only made the black man thrust harder, and from his vantage point behind the door Eddie began beating his own meat faster.
Eddie knew Wally was loving it, in spite of his protests. Eddie knew Wally's favorite perversion was getting fucked by black street bums, and Wally had taken larger cocks than this guy's on the evenings they went slumming through the homeless camps.
The black bum began pumping his crotch into Wally's ass faster, and Eddie knew Wally's guts were about to be coated with black sperm.
Just at that moment, Gilbert and the Beav came up behind Eddie.
"What's going on?" Beaver asked.
Eddie never slowed the stroking of his cock as he replied, "Your brother's getting royally fucked by a street bum."
Beaver started rubbing his crotch, but Gilbert could tell that Eddie was close to cumming, so he held his hands under Eddie's cock to catch what he hoped would be a huge load.
The street bum thrust his black cock up Wally's ass, tilted his head back and sighed, and the Beav knew his brother's hole was being filled with the old man's cum.
At the same time, Eddie started shooting into Gilbert's cupped hands. Gilbert raised his hands to his face and started licking Eddie's spunk.
The old man pulled his deflated cock out of Wally, who was still bent over the desk.
"Hey squirt," Eddie said to Beaver, "get over there and start sucking that jism out of your brother's hole."
Beaver didn't need to be told twice. He ran into the sun-room, knelt down behind his brother, rammed his face into Wally's crack and began felching the old man's sperm.
The black beggar was startled by the appearance of Beaver, Eddie and Gilbert.
"How many more of you are there?" he asked no one in particular.
"Just us," Gilbert answered.
"You guys staying here by yourself?" the old man asked.
"Yep," Eddie replied.
"Then I'll be coming by again," the bum promised, and Wally and Eddie silently thought "I certainly hope so."