Everyone in this story is over eighteen years of age. Happy stroking!
"Shh," I soothed. "Open up for me baby."
My wife murmured as she slept, rolling on to her back for me like a good girl.
"That's it," I said, maneuvering myself on top of her.
She blinked sleepily up at me. "Again?" she said with a yawn.
I chuckled. "You know I can't resist giving you a good morning fuck baby."
She smiled and widened her legs as I notched my hips against hers.
"Wet for me?"
She shrugged, still half asleep, so I reached down and felt her open slit with my fingers. Moist, but not enough to really get a good fuck on. I pulled back and moved down the bed a bit. Making sure I was close enough to hit accurately, I spit on her pussy.
My wife moaned at the dirty act as I rubbed in my spit into her pussy hole.
"All better," I said, mounting her again, this time rubbing my cockhead against her cunt.
Once I was good and ready I slid into her, earning a muffled groan from Addison.
"Like that cock?" I asked her.
She nodded, her eyes closed, enjoying my slow and deliberate thrusts into her willing body. She was tight and hot around my cock, just like always. I pumped into her a little faster.
"Tell me," I demanded.
"I like your cock," she whispered, her bare breasts starting to rock back and forth with the force of my thrusts.
"Louder."
She opened her eyes and nervously glanced at the closed door of our bedroom before saying, "I like your cock," at a normal tone of voice.
I moved my hips harder into hers, her pussy juices flowing now that she was warmed up some. "Nervous baby?"
She glanced at the door again. "It's just..." she trailed off.
"It's just what?"
"I think we were loud last night," she said, her face flushing from the implications of her statement, not from the way her pussy was getting fucked.
"So?"
"So my step-dad is in our guest room," she whispered emphatically.
"And...?" I picked up my pace, pleased when the glass of water on the nightstand rattled a little.
"And it's bad enough that he probably heard us last night. I don't want him hearing us again this morning," she said, biting her lip at the end as she fought a moan.
I lifted her leg up and over my shoulder to change the angle, knowing my cock would hit her spot perfectly now.
I smirked as I watched her struggle to stay quiet. "What's the matter baby? My cock fucking you too good?"
She glared at me but reached down to rub her clit.
I grabbed her hand quickly and pulled it and her other one up above her head, holding her down.
"Who makes you cum?" I demanded.
She panted, moving her hips as best she could in her position to meet mine. "You do."
"So what makes you think I care about your step-dad in the next room?" I asked her and started slamming my cock into her pussy so hard she moved up a few inches on the bed.
The headboard rattled agains the wall and I smiled.
Perfect.
"Baby--" she panted, looking at the door again.
"What?" I barked. "You don't want your daddy to know that I'm fucking you?" I said loudly.
Her eyes widened in shock, but her pussy tightened around my shaft.
Interesting.
"Oh I think you do," I said huskily. "What a little slut."
She groaned and I felt her cunt walls flutter around my cock, my wife's telltale sign that she was going to cum.
"He'd be proud of you," I said, feeling my balls tingle with the urge to cum. "He's an old fashioned guy. He'd appreciate the fact that you get on your back to do your wifely duty whenever I tell you to."
He really would too. Her step-father was a man who preached that women belonged barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen. And although he didn't marry Addison's mother until Addison was fifteen, he influenced her enough growing up in those last teenage years so that some of his morals rubbed off on her. She had wonderful manners and was submissive in all ways to me, especially in the bedroom. Just like I liked it.
I watched as my words had their desired effect and my wife went over the edge.
"Tell me," I ground out, loving the raw sound of the wet slap of my cock and her cunt echoing in the room.
"I'm cumming!" Addison cried out, her pussy squeezing the life out of my cock.
"Yeah you are," I praised her loudly. "Take my cum baby!"
A few more pumps of my cock into her and I flooded her pussy.
I released her hands and held myself above her for a few moments while we each caught our breath, light streaming in the window now that the sun was up fully.
"That was..." Addison trailed off, nervously looking at the door again.
I tipped her chin down so that she met my eyes. "You being a good girl," I finished for her.
She nodded reluctantly. "Sure."
"How long is he staying with us again?"
She swallowed. "Two weeks."
I smiled.
This was going to be interesting.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I'm so grateful that you made it this far into my latest story. If you'd like to read more about this twisted threesome, let me know what you thought so far by leaving a comment below or sending me some feedback through my profile. I look forward to hearing from you!
xoxo,
p