Several days past and Tatarina was hopeful that she would not be singled out for any misdemeanors. Of course she still had to perform her daily nude exercises and subsequent fucking. Also she was still visited during the day and the night. Men would just open the door and use her for whatever they wished.
Her anus was still sore from one particularly well endowed guard who had visited her every night for the last four days. He seemed to relish her bent double trembling in front of him with his cock well up her anus. He would make her walk around the cell nude and sometimes along the corridor with his member inserted.
This hope was however dashed when she was visited not just by one of her normal guards but this time he was accompanied by another officer. He looked down at a clipboard he was holding. She stood to attention as he entered her cell.
"69?"
"That's right Sir."
Tatarina bowed her head, as the officer continued to scrutinize her.
"It says here that on your last visit outside the center you spoke back to your carer, is that correct."
"Please Sir, he....."
"Silence, did you or did you not talk back when ordered to expose yourself?"
"Please Sir I...."
"I will not ask you again, did you talk back?"
"Yes Sir, I'm terribly sorry Sir."
Tatarina felt her heart beating fast in her chest, she had to try to avoid any punishment, as these were always of the worst kind.
"When will you girls ever learn, you will accompany me to be corrected and hopefully be better aware of your place in our society. Come along. Attach her cuffs please guard, good, and her leash, good. OK, let's go."
Tatarina was again dragged from her cell, and led towards the lifts. They waited as the lift was called.
"Does she have nice tits, this one?"
"Very nice Sir, here let me show you."
The guard leaned forward and pulled Tatarina's top up and over her tits, revealing them to the officer's gaze. He stared down at her nipples and back up to her face.
"Yes very nice, I do like a pert nipple, not those big flat types, these are excellent."
He reached forward and took the nub of her nipple between his finger and thumb and rolled it back and forth.
"Lovely."
"And very responsive Sir, as you can see!"
"And her cunt, neat? Tidy?"
"Yes Sir. And still very tight!"
The doors of the lift opened and spared Tatarina having her genitals examined. She was led into the lift, where the guard pulled down her top, of course after fondling her breasts. Tatarina wondered where they were going, however the time she had been in the center, had made her realize that asking questions usually resulted in some kind of punishment!
The officers mobile rang and for a few moments he was occupied by the voice on the other end. After another short exchange, he broke the connection.
"They are waiting for us so we will have to hurry."
The lift arrived and they moved out. Tatarina trailing a few steps behind as the officer pulled on her leash.
"We are due at a new section that is being opened this morning. The powers that be are being pressured to show the public the center is working and is worth supporting. Typical, who do they think we are? Of course it is working, but you know politicians, so we have to put on a display for them."
They walked briskly through the foyer of the center to a newly constructed wing on the north side. Already there were several officers milling about. On the wall were posters and photographs. All of them very looking very patriotic, with pictures of the leader.
A lot of the poster had messages like, "No denial, no dissent", "A woman's womb is our nation's birthplace", and others pictures of woman with babies in their arms, smiling young women, with young men.
As they walked down the corridor another officer approached.
"Good, another recalcitrant?"
"That's right."
"Take her into the foyer. Through that door, Shuva will show you what to do"
Through the door was a small crowd of men standing in front of a platform raised above the floor. On the platform a man held a small microphone and was talking to the crowd. Tatarina was led to one side of the platform where three other young women were all waiting.
"...the center has proved very effective in the treatment of young female dissidents and let me assure you fellow men that it is worth every rople spent here. We take potentially dangerous women, all dissidents and educate them. The success is marked by the low return rate we have. But enough talk, you are here today to see some of the methods used in our fight against crimes of the state. Firstly though to whet your appetite for the day. We've asked... "There were a few chuckles from the crowd. "Some of our inmates to show you our morning exercise regime, which keeps them fit and healthy. I'll let one of our staff prepare the display."
The girls were pushed onto the platform, where each of their guards undid their cuffs and left them in a line.
"As you can see friends these inmates are all healthy and well fed. We start every day with some gentle exercises. Right ladies we haven't much room but I'm sure it will suffice, let's start with a gentle jog. Jules, some music if you please."
Tatarina knew she had to do as ordered as did the rest of the girls; they all proceeded with the exercise. As she followed instructions moving to the music, she looked out over the crowd that had grown much larger, all eyes were fixed on the girls. Tatarina's breasts wobbled unrestrained under the short T shirt, whilst her apron flapped tantalizingly around her crotch. The men of course could see she was naked underneath as her bare buttocks were exposed as she was made to turn and perform in front of them. They went through their daily routine as well as they could in the small area doing their jumping jacks and skipping. Stretching and bending in front of the men's. After a few minutes they were stopped.
"Our job here is to educate the girls so we now proceed with the same exercises only this time with the added incentive to be good. Now they have to do the same routine only this time, topless. Off with the tops girls."
Tatarina's hands automatically went to her T shirt which she pulled over her head, catcalls and whistles greeted the girls displaying their breasts. Her T shirt was taken from her by a guard. Again they were taken through the routine. Tatarina saw that all the girls were well endowed, as she noted their breasts gyrating and flapping on their chests as they performed. Again for a few minutes the girls were forced to jump, skip and run, for the crowd's entertainment. Finally they stopped. Tatarina was panting hard from the exertion.
"We always conclude the morning's workout in the nude, to reinforce our message to the girls."
Tatarina's heart sunk again as she removed her apron and after handing to the guard, stood in front of the clapping and whooping men, completely naked. The girls were again taken through the routine. Several of the men in the front row of the crowd were rubbing their crotch as they ogled the girls.
Tatarina's breathing got harder and harder as she hopped, skipped and bounced her way through the routine. Finally the routine was finished and the girls stood nude and panting before the men.
"Well I hoped you all enjoyed that display and that it has put you in the right mood for the rest of today's program. Each of these women will be taken to be educated for the rest of the day, and I hope to show you some of those techniques here today. Please have a look around and of course you are free to try out any of the displays. These girls will be taken to the blue room, where I'm sure they will be entertaining you further today. Thank you."
Tatarina and the other girls were re-leashed by their guards with out being dressed and taken off the platform through the crowd naked, who of course fondled them as they pushed through them.
Tatarina was dragged through into a long and fairly wide room. Along one side of the room were what looked like ladders attached to the wall, and what brought horror to Tatarina's mind was that in some of the ladders was a naked woman. Each of them was bent through the rungs, their ankles manacled to the bottom of the ladder and their wrist cuffed on the other side. They were helpless in this position exposing to the people behind an uninterrupted view of their buttocks, anus and vagina. Tatarina automatically tried to pull away, but to no avail. She was forced through the rungs of the ladder and attached in the same manner as the other girls. Through her spread legs she could see the legs of men standing in the room.
"Good that makes the set. Hang up those wash bags by the side of the girls, we don't want them getting too messy, do we! Quickly now, lube this one up, the rest have been done.
Tatarina watched the legs come towards her and then a hand on her back and before she knew it something small and hard was pushed into her vagina. A cold feeling suffused her cunt as something was squirted inside her. This was repeated in her anus. Ok we can let in the clients now."
Tatarina's head was in a whirl, this was awful, but of course she was completely helpless. She watched as several legs entered the room, walking slowly around the girls. She could see some stopping and then one stopped behind her. Before she had long to wonder what would happen next, she saw the man undo his flies and ease his stiffened member out. Using his hands she watched as he guided it towards her cunt, and then it was inside her vagina. The man gripped her hips as he rammed his cock fully inside her. Tatarina watched the cock slide in and out for a brief few moments before she felt it stiffen as it shot its load into her cunt. As it withdrew, a gob of cum dropped from her gaping vagina onto the floor between her legs. The legs walked away and a cloth was wiped across her genitals, before another set of legs came into view. Again a hard cock was removed from the trousers and inserted into her vagina. In the background Tatarina could hear the sounds of men talking and the wet sucking and squishing of cocks being pumped in a out of wet orifices. Grunts and panting could be heard from around her.
It was 12 o'clock, Tatarina had been in the frame for one hour, her back ached from bending over all that time, but more than that her cunt and anus were on fire. She had lost count of the numbers of cocks that had reamed into her body. The floor under her was swimming with cum that had dripped out of her whilst she was not being serviced.
She felt hands releasing her and pulling her from the rungs of the ladder. She tried to stand upright but was unable for a moment as it was too painful. The relief was almost orgasmic as she eased her back. Thank goodness that was over. Finally she managed to stand and was turned around her back pressed against the ladder. Her hands were then raised above her head and too her dismay were again cuffed. The guard bent down and replaced the ankle cuffs stretching her legs apart and re-attaching them to the ladder. She was now spread-eagle naked in front of the men who were standing watching this procedure.
"There you are gentlemen, a change of view and what a change, look at those lovely tits."
One of the men came forward and rubbed his hands over her tits squeezing them and teasing the nipples, which erected under his ministrations. He continued to fondle her as the guard tilted the ladder back. Standing back from her he released his cock and using his hands forced it into her vagina as she lay half reclined helpless. As his cock reamed into her abused hole he continued to fondle and squeeze her breasts, quickly coming inside her.
The guard beside her again wiped the excess cum from her genitals and before long another cock had slid into her inflamed cunt and another pair of hands and fingers massaged and abused her exposed breasts.
By 2 o'clock Tatarina had been ravished time and again by the visiting men. Her breasts and nipples were sore and red. Her nipples were permanently erected and puffy. Whilst her deep red vaginal lips now remained swollen, fully open and gaping, unable to close.
"Is this the one then?"
"Yes I reckon she the best of the bunch."
Hands reached up and undid her wrists from the ladder. The other guard leaned down and released her feet. Tatarina stood in a daze, rubbing her inflamed wrists to try to coax some life into them. When she was forced to stand away from the frame she almost fell, as her legs were so wobbly, but the guards took a firm hold on her arms and led and dragged her through the door.
"Where are you taking me????"
Tatarina mumbled, the men ignored her and led her into another room off the central foyer.
In the center of one end of the room was a gynecological table, with various pieces of apparatus around it. Tatarina was led to the end of the table where she was forced back onto the table and then made to lay back, her legs opened and attached to the stirrups. She was too weak from the fucking she had earlier to resist, which of course would have been useless anyway.
The table was surrounded by men who looked with interest at the young redhead whose naked body was laid out in front of them like meat on a butcher slab. Her abused genitals the main focus of their attention. It was not long before a man in a white coat came into view.
"Ah ready are we, good."
He stood by the side of Tatarina and turned to face the men. His hand resting on her bare belly.
"Welcome and I hope you are enjoying our open day. There do seem to be a few satisfied smiles about the place."
The audience chuckled at his banter.
"At the correction center here we are constantly looking for ways to ensure the disobedient are educated into obeying our simple rules. We have devised several interesting punishments and deterrents to convince our inferiors of the need to be subservient. Here gentlemen we have the latest. This is the pleasure machine, where we treat the subject to the treat of sexual satisfaction. In simple words we make them come, not just once but time and time again. You will see if this has any effect on our subjects. But spare me a minute whilst I set up the apparatus.
The man wheeled over a couple of the tables. Reaching over them he drew several wires that he left laying over Tatarina body. The first two he attached to her nipple by means of stick pads. Tatarina tried to move but she was held by a strap around her neck, which was attached to the table.
"These devices ping when the nipples are aroused allowing us to access the progress of the treatment."
He next produced a stainless steel butt plug which he inserted into Tatarina anus. She wriggled as he thrust the object into her abused back passage.
"This device has a pressure sensor on it and will buzz when it is squeezed."
Tatarina squirmed even more as it was fully inserted into her sore orifice. However once it was there the shape ensured it did not slip out. A lead led from this to a box with several dials on it.
He then picked up a steel dildo and without standing on ceremony push it hard up Tatarina cunt. She squealed and lifted her buttocks to relieve herself of the pain.
'A bit sensitive there, I wonder why?"
The men again chuckled as the man continued to humiliate Tatarina.
"This device has a whistle setting that goes off when the dildo is squeezed. It has no real purpose, just there to show we at the institution do have a sense of humor, so it is just for fun."
He wound on the various levers at the base of the device opening the tip of the dildo wider and wider to prevent it from sliding out of her vagina. Several leads led from this device to the box on the trolley.
Finally he picked up a wire with a small clip at the end. After placing his finger each side of her genitals he reached for her clitoris and sliding the hood back attached it to the tip of the clit.
Tatarina struggled as the clip bit into one of the most sensitive parts of her body. Her body shook from the shock, until it subsided.
"Very sensitive, good."
Tatarina sobbed as the man continued to finish his preparation.
"Good we are ready. Now first we shall slowly excite the subject by giving her small and specific electric shocks through the various probes. Like this, he fiddled with various switches, for a while nothing happened.
Tatarina lay, tears in her eyes her clit still throbbing from the clip attached to it. She felt tingle in her nipples, and then in her vagina, slowly she felt her body starting to get sexually excited, the tingle moved to her clit and then to her nipples, suddenly there was a pinging noise.
"Sounds like those nipples are getting perky!"
The men around laughed and viewed her lying there with renewed interest. Around her the men started to talk loudly commenting on her as she began to lift her buttocks as she became more excited. There were gasps from around the table as her movements became more obvious. Her breath started to become quicker and shallower. She started to buck as the pressure mounted, her thighs shaking and her vagina squeezing against the huge dildo inserted there. Suddenly there was a whistling noise.
"Wouldn't we like to have our dicks in there as she is squeezing."
And them it stopped and she fell back on the table disappointed.
"You see gentlemen, it's easy, and we can do this as often as we like, let's try another one shall we."
Tatarina tensed as she lay there waiting for the worse when again she felt the tingling in her nipples and her clit. This time though she started to get tingling up her vagina, sharp insistent she re-acted her bum rising off the table, up, up her back arched as the feeling in her vagina got stronger and stronger. Again her breath became shorter. Again the whistle sounded.
"Aah, Aah."
The men responded by comments and gasps.
By now her hips were moving up and down to some unseen force. Suddenly her body was arched as it approached the peak of her excitement, and then it stopped.
"Oh, No!!"
"Now let's have a good arse fucking shall we."
The man switched on another couple of switches, Instantly Tatarina back arched and her hips oscillated up and down, as if she was being fucked.
Buzz, buzz, buzz. The men laughed as from a small loud speaker the buzzing continue.
"She giving that arse plug a fair going over and that's for sure!"
"Ooh, Ooh, Ooh."
Tatarina felt the sensation in her anus, more and more irresistible.
"Now gentlemen, of course the secret of this machine is we can set it to go time and time again, and either force the subject to climax like this."
He touched a small red button. Tatarina body shuddered to a climax, her anus grasping at the butt plug and her stomach rising and falling.
Ugh, um."
The buzzer and whistling sound simultaneously as Tatarina's body responded to the treatment.
"Lovely, so nice to see our young girls really enjoying themselves."
Tatarina laid back her chest rising and falling as the waves of pleasure in her faded away. What were they doing here? Her genitals throbbed once more from the pressure of the insertions and the clip.
"Of course if we want we can just let the machine run for as long as we want, and choose randomly which pleasure stimulus it will use, let's give it a five minute run shall we, at medium stimulus, say two orgasms a minute. Right here we go."
Tatarina started as the stimulus returned, shifting her hip and body to accommodate the sensations. The feeling grew faster this time, her nipples popped up and the juices from her vagina started to flow. Higher the sensations was almost too strong, she started to moan.
"Ooh, mm."
It was too much and her body vibrated with her orgasm, she lay back, but the sensation was coming again, too soon.
"No, please.... aah."
Her body barely relaxed from the last orgasm and already another was building up her hips bucked as the speakers buzzed and whistled to the laughter of the men around her she had no time to think, already her body was climaxing again.
"No, no please, aah."
"Note the subject is becoming more responsive to the stimulus, her body loving the sensation whilst her mind is starting to overload. Note the intensity of her orgasms beginning to start sooner; by the way make sure there a towel under her fanny, or you'll drown in pussy juice."
Tatarina was helplessly in the grip of the sensations in her genitals and nipples, which had always been very sensitive. Her body thrashed and bucked on the table as time after time she was forced to orgasm for the men around her.
The five minutes seemed to go on forever, though thankfully at last, the sensations stopped and she was allowed to lay still, sweat glistening on her skin, as the man in the coat continued to describe the machine and its advantages.
"Right gentlemen this machine is so easy to use. You will see the three erogenous zones stimulator dials and buttons are colors coded. The intensity here is numbered from 1 to 5; we find often a low stimulus can be very effective keeping the subject hanging on. The red buttons for each zone is for instant orgasm, with no build up. Here is the time dial with up to an hour. Of course there are advanced settings, but here today we will not go into them, please if you are interested then we will explain them later. For now gentlemen I will leave this subject at your command, please feel free to try out the setting. Thank you."
No, Tatarina's mind screamed don't leave me with these...
"AAH.'
Already the men were at the dials, especially the red buttons which drew them instantly. There faces grinned sadistically as for the next hour Tatarina was forced to buck and heave on the table orgasm after orgasm burning through her body. The buzzer and whistle going almost continuously. The quivering mounds of her breasts shook about on her chest, her nipples twin peaks hard forcing the two pads up from her aureoles, as time after time she repeatedly came in front of the crowd of men.
Finally she passed out, her body overloaded with stimulus.
Later she awoke in her cell once more, the fire in her vagina only just starting to reduce. She lay on her back as the tears ran down her cheeks.