It's been wet all day and our plan for a walk up the mountain and lunch out has turned into a few drinks at a friends place. It's us, them (Steve and Jenny) and another couple - Dave and Kim.
Steve and Jenny have a cool house just out of town. Their back deck looks out over the trees and it is peaceful and private. They have a hot-tub on the deck, and today is just the day for it... the rain and the cool air a nice mix with the hot water, good company and a glass of wine.
The tub is just the right temperature - hot on our bodies, but the rain and the cool air on our faces making just perfect. I'm enjoying the smell of the rain, the rich aroma of the bush, the sounds of the birds singing, and the relaxed friendly chatter going on around me. Jenny happily talks almost non stop while the rest of us are soaking up the atmosphere, content and relaxed amongst friends.
The tub is slightly small for six people and everyone's legs keep bumping into each other under the water. The jets of water and the bubbles are creating a nice massage effect for everyone lucky enough to be sitting by one. There is one behind me, spurting water against my back and it feels so good, like your fingers are caressing and kneading my muscles. There is another one on the floor of the pool, and it is directing a stream of bubbles up between my legs. It makes it look like I am farting all the time, and Steve jokes with me about your cooking. Too many beans? Everyone laughs.
You slide forward on the seat, making room for me to get my arm behind you, so I pull you close, enjoying the curve of your bum under my hand. I love the firm, sculptured feel of it, so shapely and sexy! I start getting hard just thinking about it, and my fingers tease you by slipping under the skimpy material of your bikini. Mmmm... it feels great! I cup your butt with my hand, playing, enjoying, teasing...
Kim gets up to get another bottle of wine, standing right in front of you. Her long legs and flat tummy just in front of your face. I can imaging what you are thinking as I admire her boobs above your head. The cold air is making her nipples hard and I can almost see them through the thin bikini top. I slip my hand from your butt to your breast, and give it a squeeze, excited to find your nipple hard and erect in my hand. You wriggle, sinking a little lower in the water and I realise that you are feeling a bit shy that the others might see, but everyone is watching Kim get out of the pool.
The water streams down her body as she steps up onto the seat beside you and lifts one long leg out, pausing to let the water splash back into the pool rather than out onto the deck. Her bikini pants are now level with your face and I have a naughty vision of you leaning forward and kissing her pussy. I know that you are thinking the exact same thought when I feel your hand slip into my lap and grasp me though my swim shorts. You flick me a glance when you feel how hard I am. Everyone is silent as Kim steps away, watching her arse as she saunters into the house to find another bottle. I think I know what everyone is thinking! She looked yummy! I almost wish it was you that went into the house - you are so much sexier than she is... but I am enjoying you here beside me.
When Kim comes back out of the house clutching a bottle of wine, you slip your hand inside my shorts, confident that all eyes will be on her. Your fingers grasp my cock, feeling so good. You begin a slow rhythmic stroke while we both watch Kim walk towards the pool. She stops at the edge and Jenny stands up to help her pour the glasses. When she bends over to help steady the glasses we have the sexy view of Jenny's pert, tight bum and a view down Kim's top, her breasts bulging forward as she also bends down.
I swear that if she breaths too quickly a nipple will pop out the top, they are so barely contained in the skimpy top. I whisper in your ear, 'shall I give her a fright', both of us knowing that if she jumps she will tumble out of the top completely. You half turn to me, acknowledging my cheeky comment, but not taking your eyes of the gorgeous view in front of us. Your grip on my cock tightening, your stroke quickening. I know you are teasing me, determined to drive me to the edge, loving that we are both engrossed in the two girls in front of us.
Kim suddenly looks down at her breasts, clutching them with one hand and giggling, 'oh dear, the girls almost escaped' - but I have the distinct feeling she wouldn't have been too distressed if they had. Both Dave and Steve have their eyes firmly fixed on her boobs, watching entranced as she squeezes them, supposedly trying to stop them from popping out of her top, but really just giving us all a free show. Wow they look good.
Under the water I am mimicking her hands on your breasts, squeezing them, teasing them, loving them! Between the excitement of watching Kim and your hand stroking me, I know that I have to do something...
Kim straightens and steps back into the pool and you freeze mid stoke, both of us wondering if she can see what we, what you, are doing. Looking straight down though the water she must be able to. But she keeps moving without seeming to notice, finding her way between everyone's legs and sitting between Dave and me.
As Kim sits down next to Dave, you look to see what Jenny is doing. Kim suddenly smiles and slips me a quick wink - so fast that I am almost unsure that I saw it. But I know what she has seen. She saw exactly what we are doing. And her knowing smile tells me she likes it. Dave gives a sudden slight start, and I realise that under the water, she has grabbed his cock like you are still grabbing mine. She sneaks me a brief naughty smile, knowing that I know what she is doing, then looks off as though she is interested in what Jenny is saying.
Steve turns up the water-jets and the hum of the motor is louder, not quite drowned out by the gurgling and splashing of the water as it bubbles around us. The jet between my legs is stronger now too and I can feel it swirling and massaging my thighs. I pull you onto my lap, and you laughingly say no, but you don't resist. You wriggle that gorgeous butt into my crotch, feeling my hard naked cock between your cheeks, and I know that you are happy to be there. I move my legs apart, resting one of them against Kim's but she doesn't seem to mind. I'm letting the water-jet stream between your legs and you turn to me with your eyes wide in surprise. I know it is swirling and massaging in just the right place. I hold your hips, keeping your delightful bum against me, making sure you don't try to climb back to your seat. I smile at your surprised look and slip you a wink. You suddenly grin mischievously and I feel your legs relax apart a little and you lean back against me, slipping slightly forward so that the water-jet is in the perfect spot.
I reach down and pull your bikini to one side, and although you tense slightly for a moment, you don't stop me. The water is swirling around, banging my cock against you, your thigh, your pussy, bouncing it, teasing it, making it so hard and excited. You wriggle and I don't know whether it is in pleasure at the sensation of the water swirling against your pussy or because my banging cock is exciting you. I let it brush against you, wriggling my hips slightly to encourage it. You wriggle your bum and I know that you are enjoying it, your legs a little wider letting the water swirl, teasing and exciting you.
I look across at Kim and she takes a deep breath, her breasts rising almost out of the water. Her bikini is not the deliciously soft swollen look of earlier - and I realise that Dave has his hands inside it and is playing with her boobs. It excites me that she wants me to know. Her arm is moving and I know that she is still stroking Dave's cock. He has given up trying to be interested in Jenny's conversation and he is just looking out at the view. I feel her leg brushing against mine and wonder if she is doing it intentionally.
When my cock bounces against your pussy again, I wriggle my hips forward, pushing it slightly harder, holding it there, as though I am about to enter you. You turn to me, eyes wide, and I give you my cheekiest smile as I grasp your hips and pull myself deep inside you. You realise you cant say anything, and you don't quite know what to do... not with the others there, even though they don't know what is going on. Only Kim is watching us, unsure of why you are looking at me like that, but sure that something exciting is going on. You don't know what to do, so you turn back and pretend that nothing is happening. I wink at Kim and slowly slide my cock in and out of you. She smirks and licks her lips while looking me straight in the eye.
The sensation of the water swirling on me, swinging my balls in the current is amazing. I am moving very slowly inside you, making sure that it is not too obvious to the others. After a few minutes you start to wriggle slightly and I realise that you are moving so that the water current can tease and excite your clit even more. I end up sitting still, your slow wriggling and the water current more than enough to keep me excited and hard and growing slowly towards an orgasm.
Jenny tells Dave that he has to go and get more wine. He argues for a minute, then goes, bending over as he gets out of the pool so that no one will see his erection.
Everyone has watched Dave disappear into the house, but I notice Kim move and glance at her. She has leant back slightly so that her breasts are just below the water level and I realise that she has pulled her bikini down so that they are swimming free. She raises them just enough that her nipples are almost out of the water, then breaths out and sits forward and they disappear again. She is teasing me. She is pretending to look away, so that no one notices. She does it again, letting them just break through the bubbles, then looks directly at me while her hands slide over them, squeezing them, before they slide under the water and out of sight.
Your breath is getting a little ragged and I can feel your body getting tense. I squeeze your breasts, squashing them together, then roll your nipples between my fingers. My elbow bumps against Kim and I feel her move slightly. I think she is moving away, but when I bump her again I realise she has moved so that I'm bumping against her naked breast. It's almost enough to make me cum instantaneously. I can feel how hard her nipple is, and I keep trying to brush it without being too obvious to you.
You squash your thighs together, squeezing my cock inside you, making it feel so good, then the water swirls again, enticing, teasing, exciting us both. Kim notices the vacant, lost look on your face and leans back again, watching me watching her. I wonder if she knows how close I am to coming inside you.
Your body is trembling and a low moan escapes your lips. I am sure that only I can hear it over the noise of the water. I trail my nails up the skin of your stomach then play with your nipples and breasts again as your body tenses and shakes. I know that you are about to come and it excites me so much that there are others there who don't even know that we are making love.
You let out a shaky gasp, a moan, and sink back against me, your eyes closed, your body limp, even though I am still hard inside you. I lie there, enjoying the weight of your body on mine, the water still swirling and teasing me until I come. You open your eyes and look at me when you feel my cock jerking inside you, and we kiss, a soft tender kiss, my arms wrapped around you. In the background, the others are talking, oblivious to us...