This is not so much a story, as it is a set of snapshots from the happenings in a particular university, where double standards are the norm. I hope you like it, and I would love it if you readers leave feedback via the comments. I am intending to write another part to this, but that may take a while. Feel free to make suggestions in the comments as well!
************************************
The Collins University for Women was founded in 1953 under the direction of the Feminist Board. Although not very powerful at the time, the Board invested its limited resources into a futuristic plan to bring women on an equal footing with men, and even surpass men. Over time they learned that while women wanted to be seen as equals, they also wanted to keep certain privileges which they had enjoyed in more traditional settings, such as a higher right to privacy, exception from certain unfavourable jobs, and getting put on a pedestal by men.
With the changing times, the Feminist Board grew more and more powerful and the University grew with them, producing exemplary female engineers, philosophers, writers and politicians. In 2000, the Board realized that it was time to open the doors of the University to men. This wasn't a purely inclusive decision. It was felt that, for women to make even greater strides, they needed to be perceived as superior and therefore, deserving of the pedestal. And in order to do so, they needed to train men to see them as such.
A plan was carefully devised and the various processes that would be required to meet this basic objective. Right from the living facilities, sports centres and medical regulations to the course designs and content, everything underwent subtle changes. The changes had one core principle at their core. All the changes ensured that the scales were tipped, subtly, not very obviously in favour of female students. Females in the campus were granted certain privileges in the name of safety. Privacy for women was granted in many processes where men were denied the same. The course content reinforced the idea that women deserved to be given certain leeway simply on account of their gender, and no other reason and that men should give them willingly. Certain activities were made compulsory for men, while women had the option of choosing to do or not do these activities.
While men lined up for admission into the university, it being the best in almost every field, there was considerable resistance to the policies perceived by men as unfair. The women loved the policies, and it was through their support that the Board was able to implement them effectively. The frequent nudity in various activities was a constant source of discomfort to the men. However, over three to four batches, most resistance was overcome and the male students gradually became more and more compliant. 16 years on, the policies of the college are well known, and while men my feel uncomfortable with many of them, they fully know what they are getting into and do so willingly (and through some pressure from parents).
The following are the chronicles of some of the policies in the University and the double standards perpetuated by them.
************************************
The Board convened in 2000 to decide the rules which would apply to the university upon admission of male students from the start of the academic year. The Feminist Board, as a rule, consisted exclusively of women, and they placed the safety and protection of women as the top criteria. The board came up with certain rules, which are now stated below for reference:
1. Whenever in doubt, the benefit of any dispute between a male and female student will be given to the female student as per the belief of moral superiority. Such belief is considered absolute and will be at the behest of the officiating authority.
2. The officiating authority in any dispute between any 2 students must be female. A bench of 3 female office bearers in the university may be appointed for the same.
3. The following punishments may be handed to female students upon violation of rules (same as before):
- Writing lines
- Detention for a maximum of 2 hours
-Helping with clerical tasks
-Standing outside or inside the classroom for a maximum of 30 minutes
4. The following punishments may be handed out to male students upon violation of rules:
-A minimum of 10 spankings with a paddle, to be given either over the student's underpants or bare bottom, depending upon the nature of the offence. The maximum number of spankings are left to the discretion of the punishing authority.
-Standing either outside or inside the classroom with his pants and/or underpants around his ankles, as per the nature of his offense, for a minimum of 30 minutes.
-Running 5 laps around the jogging track in only his underpants for offenses related to physical education.
-10 extra laps around the pool, to be executed in the nude, for offenses related to Swimming.
5. Regular medical checks of all students will be carried out of a quarterly basis. Such checks will be done by the doctors and nurses employed by the university. All such doctors and nurses will be female, with regards to the privacy of the female students. It is to be noted that no female student will be exposed to any male student in less than full clothing at any time during the examination.
6. For male students, the medicals will be carried out in their underpants and fully nude whenever deemed necessary by the medical authorities. Keeping in mind the spirit of equality, female students cannot be restricted from the examination rooms at any time.
7. The male students will be housed in the newly constructed hostel rooms. 2 students will share a room. Again, female students will be grated free access to this facility, in keeping with the Equality policy of the university. All female students are to be warned, however, that the male facilities are "Open". That is, they will have no doors on the rooms nor on the common shower room. Hence, nudity may be witnessed without warning upon entrance.
8. The female hostels are to be off limits to any and every male. As such, fingerprint scanners are installed at the entrance in order to restrict entry. Any breach of this rule is to be treated with immediate expulsion of the male in question.
9. The swimming costume for males will be a speedo only. The same for females will be a one piece suit, provided by the university. All students are required to shower before and after swimming lessons. The female showers are to be completely enclosed and off-limits to all males. The male showers, in keeping with the Equality policy, will be accessible to all people, male and female. However, since showers are to be taken in the nude, nudity may be witnessed.
10. The uniform for PE exercises other than swimming will consist of a t-shirt, knee-length shorts and shoes for female students. Male students will be required to wear only shorts for all PE exercises other than swimming. Regular underwear including bras and panties can be worn by females. Jockstraps are to be worn by males for all such lessons.
11. Female students are to have the freedom of choosing the classes they want to take, other than Swimming and PE which are mandatory for everyone. Male students will have 50% of the classes fixed for them by the University including but not restricted to Gender Equality, Feminism, A History of the World from the Female Perspective. Please note the same.
The rules were passed by the Board with a unanimous vote. Each rule was thought over, and verified as to whether it met its objective. It was agreed that the subtle double standard would be pushed aggressively.
Due to the rules which were made abundantly clear from the very start, applications from male candidates was low in the initial years. However, seeing the jobs which the students achieved and the kind of holistic education provided at low fees, more and more candidates were seen to be applying for seats. Parents were especially pushing their sons to go for the college. This gave further impetus to the Board to tweak certain rules to make them even more favourable to the female students. This gave rise to the now famous Nudity Culture within the University.
The Board met again in 2008 to tweak the rules. Further changes were made as follows:
1. Swimming lessons for male students are to be held in the nude. Female students will be required to wear the one piece suit for all lessons. Lessons are to be co-ed.
2. Annual swim meets will be held every year wherein parents will be invited to the university. Such meets will also take place in the standard swimming costume.
3. Each male student will be required to serve as a model in the Art Classes. Such modelling may take place in any clothing which the instructor requires or even in the nude. Female models are never to be nude in a co-ed class, under any circumstances.
4. All male students are to report to checking whenever required by the medical staff. Female students, except in case of emergencies, are to be given at least 2 days' notice. This is in response to higher drug use among males as compared to females.
5. It has been decided to initiate a University Calendar from this academic year to raise money for charity. Chosen male and female students will participate in this calendar. Female nudity will not feature in the calendar at any cost. Male nudity will be permissible, at the discretion of the photographer.
With these further changes, the Board felt confident of elevating their female students to a status above that of their male students. In the next 5 years, this became apparent as the male students automatically acquiesced to the female students, who had seen them in the nude throughout the year. The power balance was slightly in the favour of the female students who had learned to make exploit it to the fullest.
******************************
The Induction day in 2016 was a happy one, as were all induction days. It was the day that a fresh batch of students joined the university and were formally taken into the college. The students were often accompanied by family members including mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters and even aunts, all excited to see their son or daughter join the prestigious university.
This particular day was even more momentous. It marked the first time since 2000 that an equal number of male and female students were inducted into the university. All the chief members of the Feminist Board were present today, beaming smiles at parents and students alike. The program, supposed to begin at 11:00 am, was initiated right on time, reflecting the University's stress on punctuality.
Several speeches later came the campus tour. This was the interesting part for the students, most of whom had almost dozed off to sleep during the speeches, thereby missing a lot of the rules which were reiterated. The speeches were primarily about how the university was proud to have such great students. However, the speech by the Dean was far more reassuring. She had assured all the parents, as she had done for the past 16 years, that all care would be taken to keep girl students out of harms way. She had also assured that no girl would be spanked nor would she be exposed to others in any way. That was a privilege reserved for boys. The male students had woken up at this point, but did not place much importance on the words. Spanking was outdated and they were all too old to be exposed.
The campus tour was a 2 hour long event which included a visit to all the major facilities within the university. The parents and students were first led to the medical centre, where parents were reassured that it was fully equipped to take care of all emergencies. The next stop was the classrooms which were in the same building as the medical facilities. The classes were all equipped with up-to-date devices to facilitate learning.
The group was then led to the hostel facilities. The male and female hostels were two buildings facing each other. One the entrance to the female hostel, there was a frosted glass door and a fingerprint scanner which would open it. The parents and students were told that the fingerprints of all the new female students would be taken and updated the next day. Till then, the door would be open and guarded by a female guard. The entrance to the boys hostel was absent a door. A corridor led straight into the 6 floor building and one could clearly see rooms on either side of the corridor. An entrance was seen on the other side of the corridor too.
The group was first led into the girls hostel. The male students were informed that this was the first and last time they would ever be entering these facilities. Similar to the boys hostel, there were doors on either side of the corridor. Each room was well furnished, with a single bed, table, chair, lamps and an attached bath. It all looked very nice, and the girls were happy that they would get to live in such great rooms. The building itself was 10 floors, taller than what the boys hostel building seemed to be. On the far side of the building was an elevator which led to the upper floors. The group was told that the first two floors were reserved for the first years, the next two for the second years and so on. With a small batch of around 30 girls, this was more than enough.
The group then proceeded to the Boys hostel, and the stark difference in the living facilities was visible to all. The girls smirked as they saw that the rooms, just like the hostel, had no doors. That meant that anyone entering the building could see directly into the rooms. Moreover, each room had 2 beds and 2 sets of tables, chairs and cupboards. A toilet was attached, and thankfully, that had a door. Upon closer inspection, however, the boys discovered that the door had no lock. This was shocking to them and they all stared at each other in utter confusion. The tour guide, who had done this for the past ten years, informed the group that while masturbation was not forbidden, the Board preferred to restrict it. As a result, the shared rooms, lack of doors and locks as well as the CCTV cameras in the corridors were an effort to reduce the privacy which the males got, thereby reducing their opportunities to jerk off at whim. At this point, the guide also informed the girls that they had free access to any part of this facility, but warned them that they could view nude males. While some of the parents had worried expressions, other parents didn't seem to mind the prospect of their daughters seeing bare cocks and asses of their classmates or that their sons would be exposed. The boys, however, wore an embarrassed look at the talk of their private habits in public. The girls were half smiling at this point. They knew that boys masturbated, of course. Some of them with boyfriends had even witnessed the act first hand and sometimes participated in it via a handjob or a blowjob. However, they felt a strange sense of enjoyment at the privilege that they had been given regarding the hostels. While they could go into any boy's room, junior or senior, no boy could enter theirs.
The group was then shown the shower facility which was provided for the boys. It was basically an open room, again with no door, on the far side of the building. The showers were gang showers with no partition or semblance of privacy provided for the showering boys. The boys were categorically told that they would be expected to shower at least once a day, and they would do so naked. Surprise checks could be carried out by the hostel warden, who was female, at any time. The boys smarted at the unfairness of this instruction, which was not given to the girls. The girls were thinking of the appropriate times to enter this hostel so they could catch the boys with their dicks out. Some of the boys could be heard mumbling their dissent, even though they were aware of these rules beforehand through friends and family who had studied at this university. However, now confronted with the possibility of actually being seen naked by everyone, their will failed them. However, some parents could be heard telling their sons in stern voices that they had better get used to these new conditions, and that privacy and modesty weren't really required for boys. Especially from women who had already seen it all, and probably had no desire to see them naked anyway. The boys wilted under such stern behaviour and proceeded to exit the hostel as quickly as possible.
The group then proceeded to the sport centre which was constructed only 5 years ago at great expense. It had since been a great source of pride for the university and it's students. All the popular indoor sports were housed inside a tall building, while the building was itself was adjacent a football ground surrounded by a running track. On the other side of the building was a basketball court. The look on the faces of the students as they entered the vast complex was a testament to the uniqueness of this university. The students were informed that they would be allowed to choose any sports they would like to participate in. Keeping in mind the Gender Equality policy, all sports had a male and a female team. Moreover, these teams would practice together at all times. The sports facilities would also remain open after-hours for students wanting to exercise or play. There were some students enjoying a game of football even as the group went by. It was a coed group and the men were shirtless, probably due to the warm weather. Inside the building was a board which indicated which sports room was on which floor. The ground floor housed the Table Tennis rooms. The second floor had the gym, while the third floor had the locker rooms. The top floor had an Olympic size swimming pool.
The students were informed that the locker rooms were common for the gym as well as swimming pool. Just like the hostels, the locker room for boys had no door and there was a clear and obstructed view for anyone who cared to see. The showers weren't visible directly from the entrance, thankfully. The girls were again told that they had free access to the boys locker room, much to the dismay of the latter. The boys, however, were expressly forbidden to enter the girls room, which had a wooden door and a fingerprint scanner, similar to the one at the hostel. As expected, the gang showers and open lockers were present in the boys room. The boys were told that for gymming, they were to be shirtless and in shorts and a jockstrap. For swimming, a pair of speedos would be required. The boys were forbidden to carry anything into the swimming area. They would walk up to the top floor in their speedos and come back down in the same, unless instructed otherwise. Similarly, only a napkin would be carried to the gym. The girls were instructed to wear robes while exiting the locker room in order to swim. They were told that proper gym outfits would be required.
The boys were truly apprehensive by this point. As if to enhance this apprehension, they encountered a couple of seniors heading their way. Obviously returning from a swim, the boy was wearing a tight blue speedo which showed off his bulge spectacularly. The students and the parents could even make out the circumcised head of the cock which leaned towards the left. The girl was in a light blue robe which covered her to the knees. Such disparity in the clothing left the male students squirming and the female students smirking. The couple proceeded to the locker rooms, where the girl gave a playful slap the boy's butt and scanned her finger to enter the girls room. The boys, at that point, wondered what horrors they had signed up for.
The group was informed that similar locker rooms were built outside the building for the outdoor sports. And by similar, the guide meant that this boys room was lacking a door as well. The privacy given to males seemed to be at an all-time low at this point.
The tour concluded with the reassurance to parents that their sons and daughters would be absolutely safe in this campus, and that they would learn to become ladies and gentlemen full of knowledge and respect for all. The gentlemen especially were sure that they would respect women, no matter her age and position.
*********************************
The boys and girls spent time settling in over the next 3 days into the weekend. The classes would formally begin on Monday. Owing to them coming from different parts of the country, not exactly through accident given the university's emphasis on diversity, the students from the fresh batch did not really know each other well. Most of the 3 days were spent, therefore, in getting to know each other. The boys stuck with the boys and the girls did similarly. They kept running into seniors, who kept giving them smirking looks, like they knew something these newbies did not.
The more awkward moments for the boys were peeing with the door unlocked, and showering in the nude in front of each other. Over the next 3 days, the boys became utterly familiar with each boy's naked body. They all knew who was circumcised, who wasn't, who had a tattoo and where. It was surreal. However, when they realized that this was a part of life now, they soon got used to it and even started horsing around. At least they weren't exposed in the corridor, of which the girls had a perfect view even from the outside. IF they had to be honest, the walk from the bathroom to their room wearing a flimsy towel was a source of horror for the boys living on the ground floor. More than once, a girl had accidently glimpsed upon their near nudity, and smiled at their helplessness. The Walk of Shame, as they called it, was one part of life now.
The senior boys, who occupied the upper floors of the hostel, called the fresh batch up for some drinks and chat. There, once drunk, many stories were told that were scarcely believed. Perhaps they did not want to believe. Stories of nude medical checks, right in front of their female classmates, all of whom remained fully covered, horrified them. Tales of male students being spanked on the bare bottom and then made to stand facing the students with his hands on the head and cock on display were unbelievable. Anecdotes of male students having to strip in sexual education class and having to model with their legs spread and balls on show for live painting class were told by all the boys. Even more terrible were the stories of boys having to shave their pubes before swimming class and then drop their speedos in front of their female classmates as they examined that the shaving was indeed done well and that no stray hair remained. Drinking and laughing, these stories were passed off as jokes or perhaps exaggerated tales. In the morning, they seemed much scarier. Seeing the open entrance and the girl stealing a bold glance at a mostly naked guy exiting the bathroom, they seemed true.
The girls had bonded too. They too had been called by the female seniors for a round of cheap drinks and talk. This chat wasn't scary at all. It was delightful for all involved. The senior girls were a cheerful lot, and they enjoyed the privileges they had over their male counterparts. They happily told stories of how they purposely walked into the boys hostel just because they could. The girls had apparently spent numerous nights in the boys hostel, either for chilling or for studying during tests. At such times, it was common for them to see boys naked or in their underwear. The girls had pretty much seen every male student on campus nude at least once, if not often. They loved to talk of the time when the football coach, mad at the teams for horsing around instead of practising, had the them run extra laps around the track. The male team had been stripped to their jockstraps and the female team was fully clothed as they ran the laps. The view of the bare butts their teammates had provided was imprinted on each girls memory. Even better were the times when each male student on campus had to go through a humiliating medical check right in front of their female classmates and also senior and junior girls. While the girls were given knee length gowns to cover their underwear clad bodies, the boys were told to remain in just their underwear.
The underwear too came off midway in the exam, and the girls enjoyed watching them walk around with their cocks flopping around, sometimes hard and erect. As more wine was poured, the senior girls talked about entering the boys showers, both in the hostel as well as the locker rooms to have inconsequential discussions with a particular student. This was merely a show of power, knowing that the boys could not object. Moreover, covering one's penis by hand was forbidden, seen as a sign of sexually touching oneself. Hence, the boys were forced to shower, dress and undress with a girl or multiple girls, fully clothed, sitting around watching them. Sex Ed classes were apparently a riot. While only diagrammatic pictures of vaginas and breasts were shown, the penis was shown in it's full glory by having random boys from the class strip and show everyone. Generally, circumcised and uncircumcised cocks were shown in pairs, so as to display the contrast. Moreover, the bottomless boys were often told to get hard by stroking themselves, for educational purposes of course. The fresh batch of girls went to sleep, looking forward to seeing many a male undressed and naked for their pleasure. They wondered when they would get the courage to enter the male facilities, and they promised each other that it would be soon.
In Sunday, the boys woke up to a couple of senior girls passing through their corridor without care or concern. They glanced into whichever room they wanted to, and smirked at the boys who had chosen to sleep in their boxers, admiring a stray hard-on, which they were blissfully unaware of. The two girls headed upstairs, possibly in order to visit their friends. The said friends were, at that very moment, showering happily, getting ready to go to the movies with the girls. Obviously naked and wet, they were accosted by the two girls, who entered their bathroom without even knocking, which would have been hard due to the lack of a door. The girls laughed at the jiggling boy parts as the guys towelled off. Inspite of having seen this often, they still weren't able to stop laughing at the way the male penises on display jiggled and flopped around. The boys, for their part looked surprised. Again, inspite of having endured this adequately, they were still shy to be put on such blatant display for the girls and have their privacy compromised so easily.
The guys wrapped the towels around their waists and forced a smile. They greeted the girls as they passed them, heading towards their room. The girls were right behind them as the boys started dressing inside their room, knowing they wouldn't be able to stop the girls anyway. The girls watched as their classmates once again bared their cocks when they dropped their towels. They were a bit sad when they pulled up their underwear to cover those dicks, but admired the bulge in the underwear. One of the girls fell a sudden urge to slap one of the boy's brief-covered ass. The blonde girls and the football jock enjoyed a flirty relationship, and she had wanted to do that for a very long time, given the number of times she had seen him in a state of undress. Soon enough, the boys were dressed, and the foursome headed downstairs. Along the way, the girls once again popped into the bathroom, and waved to 3 naked boys taking a shower. They loved this show of privilege and reinforced the fact they could see the boys naked at whim, but the boys would never see them naked without proper consent. The boys laughed in awkwardness, unable to even cover their exposed genitals with their hands, as it was against the college law. They didn't want to be accused of playing with themselves in front of females. With one last look at each cock, the girls left.
*******************************
The medical exam for the fresh batch of students was carried out on a cool, summer day in the month of June, perhaps a week after they had joined. Being a Sunday, the students were grumpy about having to miss the extended sleep. Moreover, a physical wasn't something they were particularly looking forward to anyway.
The girls and boys had, by this time, become more acquainted and some had even embarked on the route to friendship. Crushes were being developed on both sides, though the first coupling was yet to happen. The boys and girls trudged to the Academic Block, where the medical centre occupied the last floor. The girls were quite excited to see what lay ahead, given the stories they had heard from their seniors. The senior boys, on the other hand, had been either too embarrassed to share this information or it had slipped their minds.
In the medical centre, as they had already been shown on the tour, there were 4 doors on either side of the long corridor. The rooms were evidently quite large, housing medical equipment and beds. 4 nurses and 4 doctors were employed by the university, all female, indicating their concern for the health of their students as well their regards as to the modesty of the girls. The medical staff introduced themselves and proceeded to fill the students in on what they would be going through during the day.
One of the nurses was quite old, being around 50 while the other three were pretty, young things around the age of 23 to 25 years, making them just older than the boys. Similarly, one of the doctors seemed to be around 50 while the other 3 were around the age of 30. One of the doctors, a striking redhead, immediately caught the eye of every male student in the room and could be termed as an instant boner-giver. The head nurse was giving instructions to the students in a very concise and experienced fashion.
The girls were told to enter into a room and strip down to their underwear, which brought a smile to the boys faces. Perhaps, they thought, the Sunday wouldn't be that bad after all. The girls were further told to put on the dressing gowns which were laid out for them, and then come out and stand in a single line. Once the girls went into the locker room, the nurse's tone became sterner, as if she knew the resistance that would inevitably come.
The boys were told to strip to their underwear. Then and there in the corridor. There were shelves on the walls, where they were told to fold and keep their clothes. As expected, none of the boys moved for 2 minutes. They searched around frantically for hospital gowns, of which there was no sign. The nurse repeated the instruction in an even sterner voice and reminded them that this was a compulsory procedure, without the completion of which they would likely be thrown out of the college. This spurred the boys to action. Going by the stories they had heard, being seen in their underwear would probably be only a start. Off came the shirts and denims. The shoes and socks had been lost before. Folding the clothes to the best of their abilities, they made their way to the shelves where they put their clothes.
Some of the boys had chosen to wear boxers while others had gone with briefs, which displayed a nice bulge as clear as day. The boys shamefacedly put their hands in front of their groins, which the nurse ignored currently. She determined she would have an opportunity to do that later, when they would be more exposed and vulnerable. She settled for telling the boys to form a line facing her. The girls chose that exact moment to exit the privacy of their room, and immediately began laughing upon seeing the line of their male classmates standing there in their underwear. The nurse, while understanding their mirth, wanted to keep the tomfoolery to a minimum and didn't want the boys to feel too uncomfortable. She asked the girls to quit laughing and form a line next to the boys so that each girl had a boy besides her, who would be her partner for the day.
The girls, dressed in knee length dressing gowns over their bras and panties, took their place besides the boys. They kept stealing glances at their half-naked partners, looking to see of they could identify a penis or a pair of balls. While it was easier to do so for the boys in briefs, the girls who had boys clad in boxers had a harder time. The boys had their own set of problems. Some of them had started developing erections, which they were finding increasingly hard to control. One of the more modest ones had already popped a full hard-on, which was now making an obvious tent in his boxer shorts. The girl next to him, a petite blonde with cute specs, looked at the boner and then straight into his eyes, causing the boy to wilt in embarrassment. The power she held right at that moment caused the girl to wear a knowing smile on her pretty face.
One of the boys picked up the courage to ask the nurse why they didn't get dressing gowns and was attended to with a look of exasperation. As if it were the most obvious thing in the world, the nurse explained to him that the girls got the gowns because they had modesty inherent in the female gender, something the male sex lacked. As a result, the boys didn't really require a hospital gown, and could happily proceed in their underwear. It would be one less thing to remove anyway, according to the experienced nurse. At the mention of removing the only piece of clothing they had on, the boners immediately went down in fear. Further instructions were immediately given by the nurse.
The 4 rooms down the on either side of the corridor were numbered. The first pair of students would proceed to door 1. The girl would go inside and have that part of the examination done. Once she was done, the boy would enter the room and have the examination done. At this point, the girl would remain inside the room. Upon the completion of the examination, the pair would move to the next door and follow the same procedure. At this point, the second pair of students would proceed to the first door. This would continue till all the students have been through all the parts of the examination. Once a pair of students have completed the entirety of the examination, they would stand at the end of their respective lines. The physical was expected to get done by lunch.
In order to give a mere snapshot of this extraordinary procedure, we shall follow a single pair through all the 4 rooms. The pair in question consisted of a tall boy, who was clearly a swimmer going by his physique. He wore a pair of boxers. His partner was a blonde who could be described as cute rather than hot. Petite in frame, she had a wholesome face which could make any boy fall for her charms at will. Her sweet nature only served to enhance that effect.
The pair proceeded to the first door after the preceding pair, both boy and girl, had exited it. As per instructions, the girl went in while the boy waited outside the door with a worried look on his face. Five minutes later, he was called in too. This part of the examination was quite routine, consisting of a basic weight and height measurement followed by questions regarding his lifestyle, sleeping hours and sex life. The last part was quite embarrassing for the boy. The girl had been asked these questions too, but in complete privacy. The boy was being asked about the last time he had had sex, the last time he had masturbated, the frequency of his masturbation, whether or not he had had anal sex etc. right in the presence of his classmate. He could barely look up as he whispered the answers to these questions, while the girl looked on with interest. The discovery that her classmate hadn't masturbated in a week was not exactly surprising, given the CCTV cameras in the boys hostel. She thanked her stars that no such cameras existed in the girls hostel. She also mused about how horny the boy must be by now, and how soon into the process would he pop a boner. She hoped it was soon, because she really wanted to move around with guy who had a tent in his shorts.
The second room consisted of a basic head-to-toe examination which didn't really need nudity. The doctor checked for the heartbeat and blood pressure, and then proceeded to check joint responses. The girl was really disappointed because this was in no way going to induce a boner. Perhaps, she thought, she needed to show some skin, but the damn hospital gown covered her well down to the knees and even went a little further. Her hope of seeing the boy naked was also becoming increasingly bleak. But she remembered the stories, and fostered the little hope she had left. Apparently, her seniors had seen every boy on campus naked, and she hoped to be part of that legacy.
Her prayers were answered quickly. While the first two parts of the physical had been docile, the third room turned things interesting. While the boy waited outside, the girl went in. She was immediately handed a plastic jar by the nurse and asked to pee in it. The girl went to a screen provided in the room and filled the jar. Next, she was asked to untie her gown at the top and remove her bra for a breast examination, which was quickly finished. This was followed by a gynaecological exam, with her lying on a bed with feet up in stirrups and panties by her ankle. She was highly thankful at this point she was accompanied only by a doctor and a nurse, both females. She shuddered to think how she would feel if any of her classmates walked in at that point and saw her in this state. That shudder of terror was replaced by a shudder of anticipation as she thought what the boy standing outside the door would endure when it was his turn.
She was right, and she was rewarded. The boy had been called in once the girl had finished dressing and was in her modest hospital gown once more. Once inside, he was told that he would have to give a urine sample, which would be sent to the lab later for examination. Unlike her, he was told to drop his boxers right there, stand facing the nurse (who was standing strategically besides the girl), and pee in the plastic jar. The boy, obviously stunned at this brazen command to display himself and then carry out a private activity in public, demanded to know the reason. The doctor, a tall brunette who could be described by some as pretty, stepped in at this point by saying that the rules demanded observation of all males during this procedure, due to the high use of drugs and substance abuse among males in general. She further reminded him that he really had no choice in the matter and should proceed as soon as possible. Unnerved, the boy turned around and lowered his boxers, exposing his bottom to the two females behind him, and stood holding his hands covering his penis in front of the doctor. The doctor immediately told him to stop touching himself, and face the nurse. Red faced, the boy turned around and put his hands to his sides.
It was all she could do to keep from jumping in glee. Seeing her classmate standing in front of her with his cock on full frontal display brought a wide smile on the girls face, and she couldn't seem to help it. The nurse too had a hard time containing her smile. She was a young woman just out of nursing school, and she enjoyed this part of the job thoroughly. She had lost count of the number of men she had seen naked and they could do nothing about it. The nurse handed the jar over to the boy, and asked him to place the tip of his penis inside the jar. When this was done, she simply asked him to start peeing. Not having had the opportunity to use the toilet since the morning, the boy didn't take much coaxing. Urine flowed from his penis into the jar. Once done, the nurse took the jar and sealed it with a lid. All this while, the girl was staring with her mouth open. She had seen one penis in her life, that of her ex-boyfriend. And now here was a boy, someone she would be attending classes with and seeing for the next few years, peeing in front of her, fully naked.
The boy, still unable to look anyone in the eye, began to pull up his underwear, but was forbidden to do so by the nurse. Apparently, he would be required to remain stark naked for this procedure. The boy, as per instruction, stepped out of his underwear and stood straight. He couldn't even cover his penis with his hands, as that would amount to touching himself inappropriately. He smarted at the unfairness of having a female classmate, or any classmate for that matter, in the room with him while he was in this state. She had, after all, received complete privacy for her examination. His thoughts were broken by the nurse, who was telling him to climb up on the bed and put his legs on the stirrups. Only once he was in the required position did he realize how thoroughly exposed he was. His legs spread, his balls were clearly visible to all three females in the room, who made it no secret that they were interested in the equipment. His classmate stared alternately at his cock and then into his eyes, making sure that he knew that she knew exactly what every inch of his body looked like. The doctor put on a pair of gloves and started checking his balls for hernia. Satisfied, she took a tape measure and proceeded to measure the length of his penis, which was still in its flaccid state, with the nurse noting down the said length. She then asked the boy to stroke his penis and make it erect. In a series of unreasonable demands, this was merely the latest. The doctor explained that it was mandatory to measure each boy's penis length, in both the flaccid and excited states.
The girl watched incredulously as her friend started stroking his cock up and down. The cock itself started engorging and becoming hard, as it was exposed to 3 pretty women. So it happened and the 5 inch flaccid dick became an 8 inch erect cock. The doctor then asked the boy to flip around and hunch on his knees. In this position, the boy exposed his asshole to the 3 women. He realised now that there was no part of his body that was a secret from these females. They had seen every part of his body, no matter how private it had been. He wondered how he would ever be able to look this particular classmate in the eye ever again. He also realized that she would probably tell every last detail of this to all the other girls in his class, and wondered where he could go to die immediately. With so many thoughts flooding his mind, he barely even noticed as the doctor gave him a quick prostrate check, following which she told him he could dress. Smiling wryly at this, he picked up the only piece of clothing he had been allowed and slipped it upon his still erect penis. Wondering what hell awaited him in the last room, he and erect penis walked out of the room, the girl by his side, still stealing glances at the tent in his boxers.
While they walked between the rooms, they saw the two students who were in front of them and had now joined the line. The boy looked like he would cry at any moment. The girl had an expression of sympathy and glee on her face. Both wondered what the hell was happening in this room. Perhaps, the boy thought, the act of exposing his most intimate parts to so many women was too much for the preceding boy. In the fourth room, both the students were called in together. This was the first surprise. The next surprise came when the doctor in that room, who was the stern head doctor, announced that the girl's exam was done. However, it would go against the Equality norms if she wasn't allowed in this room. The already wide smile widened on the girls face. The nurse, who was a beautiful redhead smiled at the smile. She knew the feeling, and she knew what was coming next. The power transfer would be absolute and the girl would always have this memory of her friend.
The doctor explained that while all other parts of the examination were completed, the rules required all male students to submit a DNA sample in the form of semen. The full impact of this statement dawned slowly on both students. The girl immediately put her hands on her mouth, trying to hide her incredulity. The boy, on the other hand, opened and his closed his mouth trying to search for words to protest with. Experienced by now, the redhead nurse proceeded to pull down the boys boxers without instructing him to undress. The boys boner popped into view and stood straight, as if ready to do the task of final humiliation. The girl still couldn't believe what was going to happen, even though she was now looking straight at her classmate's erection.
The nurse asked the boy to step out of his boxers and proceed to the screen. She followed him, admiring his naked ass as he walked to the screen. Once there, she handed him a small plastic jar and asked him to masturbate and ejaculate into the jar. The boy looked at her, and when she did not move, coughed. The nurse explained that this part of the exam was supposed to be done under observation, and that he would be required to masturbate under watch. She asked him not to be shy, as she was a nurse and was used to these procedures. The boy started stroking his rigid cock.
His classmate, though disappointed at not getting to witness the procedure live, observed the shadow of the boy jerking off through the curtained screen. It was a delightful sight watching him rub his hand over his 8 inch member. Perhaps it was the hot redhead in front of him, but he took barely a minute to ejaculate into the cup. The girl saw her friend shudder as he came and spilled his semen into the plastic cup, which was immediately sealed by the nurse. Some tissues were given, with which he wiped his penis and cleaned it. The boy followed the nurse, still naked but now flaccid. He did not look at the girl nor the doctor. He immediately reached for his boxers and put them on.
The doctor signed both the student's papers and told them to stand back in the line. At the end of the last pair's procedure, the girls went back into the privacy of their allocated room to dress, while the boys picked up their clothes from the shelves and put them back on. On the back to the hostels, the boys were completely silent while the girls were just waiting to start giggling and talking. Some of the girls even consoled the boys, saying that it was a part of life and the rules here. Moreover, they should not be so modest, as they were just males. The boys, mollified by the consoling and pampering by the young and pretty girls, were soon smiling a little. Perhaps it wasn't that bad after all. They had been exposed to only one girl each and they hadn't actually been witnessed the boys masturbating.
All in all, the day, as embarrassing as it had been, turned out to be the ultimate ice-breaker for the students. It was the day they all became friends.
******************************************
The classes were routine for the students, and as they would learn, the university was quite strict about attendance in class. Any student not making it to class had to present a valid reason for the same, and if it wasn't deemed valid enough, he or she would face some sort of punishment. Each teacher also had some sort of a 3 strikes system, wherein each strike a student received would result in an escalated punishment. The third strike was dreaded by most students as they believed it would involve something terrible and humiliating. The rules of punishment were made clear to all the students, even though years of news reports and anecdotes had made them very clear. It was asserted that only boys would be subjected to spanking and nudity as punishments, in addition to detention and other more docile versions. The girls would not be spanked nor would they be exposed to the boys or anyone else, as their modesty was paramount and it would be highly improper for them to be undressed in the class or in front of anyone. One of the boys picked up the courage to ask about the reason behind this obvious unfairness. Perhaps it was more humiliating hearing about these double standards in front of their female classmates who would be exempt from all such humiliations.
The teacher explained that the University was simply taking care of the traditional power balance. Currently, as men enjoyed more power in the world as compared to women, it would be unfair to women if the power balance was tilted even further by exposing them to the eyes of men. Moreover, it was a known fact that men viewed women as objects and therefore, thoughts of sex would be the first things to enter their minds upon seeing a naked woman. On the other hand, the teacher said, girls grow up to be mothers and were unlikely to view the naked man as anything other than just that. The men wouldn't be objectified in the same way. It would also serve to tilt the power balance in favour of women, so that equality would be achieved. Hence, the girls were given full privacy everywhere, while they also had full access to all male facilities. Boys, after all, should not have modesty, and they should not mind being seen naked by any number of girls and women, their age, younger or older. Due to this, it had been decided that any punishment could be given in front of the girls, and it would not matter. In fact, a little added humiliation would drive the lesson home more effectively.
The classes were chosen by the students themselves, but some classes the full batch together. While Women's Studies was compulsory for the guys, all the girls had signed up for the class out of interest. Similar was the case with "History from the Female Perspective" and "Feminism: The Past and The Future". Most of the class had also signed up for Life Drawing and Photography classes, although the boys were disappointed that female models would not be nude in that class. They were horrified to hear that they themselves would serve as the nude male models whenever required. They couldn't imagine posing in front of the class in their birthday suits and exposing their bare cock and balls to all the artists, all of whom would be their classmates.
The teachers themselves, remembering that they were teaching boys and girls who were almost 20, weren't very strict. They were all women however, with the exception of some male teachers who had to be exceptional to be allowed to teach in the college. The female teachers were the only ones who were allowed to punish the students by means of corporal techniques or nudity. The male teachers were not trusted with this privilege. It was felt that they may be too excessive and may even exert such power over female students, which was expressly forbidden. The male teachers, just like the male students, were not allowed entry into the female facilities across the campus. They were expected to use the male facilities, shared with the boys, in case of swimming or other sports. It was not uncommon for male teachers to be seen naked in such settings by their female students and even female teachers, when they chose to enter the male locker rooms without care.
While nudity wasn't a running theme, all the students knew from past reports that it was only a matter of time before boys would be stripped and humiliated. The boys themselves tried their best to not think of this predicament which awaited them in the future. The teachers and the Board firmly believed that humiliation was the best way to teach boys humility and deference towards the fairer sex, and the fact that the girls would see all the boys naked at some point or the other definitely gave an advantage to them. This could already be felt as each girl had seen one boy naked, with his most private of parts open for her visual pleasure. This was something the boys would never experience, and therefore would learn to show respect to someone who knew their physical secrets in so much detail.
The first week was very quiet, with everyone on their best behaviour. However, this could not go on forever and the natural behaviour had to start coming out. The boys were already feeling the unfairness of having been exposed in their physicals, and their open hostels which any female could enter. While their own batchmates had not entered so far, they had endured a lot of senior girls who saw fit to visit their male friends in their open rooms. They had to pass through the ground floor, and had caught many of the new boys in their underwear. A couple of boys had even been caught naked, while changing, and were greeted by the girls with a knowing smile as they glanced at their exposed dicks. The boys had done all they could to cover themselves up, and one had even been reprimanded by the girls to put his hands by his sides. The boy, in his own room, had been forced to expose himself to the three watching girls, who made it no secret as to which parts of him they were interested in. It was clear that the girls practically saw it as their right to view naked boys whenever they felt like it. After all, they just had to enter one of the male facilities and enjoy the view, as no male would be able to cover himself without clothes.
The third week saw the students become more relaxed, as they felt they had judged each professor and their fellow students, and identified which teachers were lenient and which were more likely to punish. The first sign of this was when 3 students failed to turn in an assignment. The professor, a young, attractive blonde who had been teaching for merely 3 years, had already received advice from her more senior colleagues with regards to what was to be done in such situations. The students, 2 boys and 1 girl, were asked to stand at their desks and were given a talking to about the importance of deadlines and the expected behaviour from students. The stern tone of voice belied the teacher's age and beauty. With this, she told the 3 students that they were to write the assignment twice, standing at their desks while she taught the rest of the class. She further added that the two male students, in order to really drive the lesson home, would do this assignment in the nude. The female student, on account of modesty and less punishment required for girls, would remain clothed in the tee and denims she was presently wearing.
As it turned out, the 3 students were very good friends and had been out partying the night before. The girl watched wide eyed, along with her other female classmates, as her two friends protested and tried their best to diminish the punishment. They made pleas of mercy and protested the unfairness of it all. That was promptly shot down by the professor with the simple axiom that Girls need modesty, while boys have none. She watched as they slowly took off their tees, then their denims. She watched as the remaining boys in class looked as humiliated and embarrassed as the two boys who were stripping. The girl almost giggled, despite her own punishment, as the boys stood in their underwear and shot one last look for mercy at their unrelenting professor. Not receiving any leeway whatsoever, they tucked their fingers into the waistbands of their underwear, and hesitated one last time before pulling them down. The girls in the class collectively started giggling at the sight of the two exposed boys, who had instinctively put their underwear in front of their crotches. The professor told them to bring all their clothing and place it on her table. The girls laughed as the naked boys made their way to the front of the class, with their asses hanging out and placed all the clothes on the table. The return back to their own tables was terrifying, as they were now truly fully exposed. Forbidden to use their hands to cover themselves, they had to walk past their classmates, showing them their fully exposed penises and balls. The girls smirked as they glanced at the naked genitals which were so shamefully on display. Even the punished girl, who was standing up and had a clear view of her two naked friends, couldn't help smirking.
The professor told the three students to start with their assignments and to submit them before the end of class, otherwise they would spend the rest of the day completing it in the same state as they were in now. The two boys found themselves developing erections, and had no idea why. Neither felt particularly in control, and being exposed to so many female eyes was not an experience they were enjoying. Yet, their cocks gradually rose. This was not lost on the girls, who were paying discrete but close attention to the boys. The girls sitting behind them were observing their butts and wishing they could get a quick squeeze in. The girls in front kept turning back to get a look at the packages, and smiled when they saw that the said packages were a bit bigger each time they looked back. Half an hour into the lecture, both boys were sporting full blown erections. The discomfort and humiliation was clear as day on both their faces. They wondered how they would look any of these people in the eye ever again.
At the end of the lecture, the teacher called the boys and the girl to the front of the class with their assignments, which were finally complete. The three students walked to the front, the boys presenting their bare butts to everyone once again. The lone girl, who considered these two boys her best friends, was now doing all she could to not stare at the rock hard erections which pointed the way for these boys. She tried to give a look of sheepishness, but she was clearly hiding a smile as she stood in line in front of the teacher. The teacher gave a short lecture about hoping that the students had learnt their lessons, while the boys stood with their penises on display for the teacher and their asses on show for the rest of the students. At the end of the speech, she collected the assignments, asked the boys to collect their clothes and get dressed. Once they were dressed and modestly covered in clothes, they returned to their desks. Still red faced, they were the last two to exit the class as the bell rang.
*********************************************
The Art Class had started off slow, but promised great things to come. The teacher, an artsy redhead who was around 25 years of age, explained that the class would start off by painting inanimate objects like fruits and scenery. Around 4 weeks into the course, they would start painting live models. The models would be male as well as female, and would consist of students of the class itself. She had also explained that male and female students would be expected to pose together, and that there would be nudity involved. She was quick to clarify that the nudity would only be male nudity and female students would not be exposed to any of their classmates at any time. The boys could only blush as they realized that this was one more class where they would be exposed for all to see. The professor also explained that the best paintings would be auctioned off at the end of the year to parents of the students, and that the students themselves would be the auctioneers, in the same clothes they modelled in.
For reference, the professor showed them some of the art work completed by previous batches of students. The paintings were beautiful, as even the inanimate fruit bowls stood out in screaming colour. However, as the boys watched in horror, out came the paintings with the naked people. Naked males. Painted in full frontal glory by their classmates. The paintings had female models as well. The most exposed a female model had become was the one in which she had appeared in a one piece swimsuit. The males were a different story altogether. In the same painting in which the girl in the swimsuit appeared, a boy stood next to her. He was wearing only a pair of speedos, which did nothing to hide his bulge. Presumable on the instruction of his teacher, he stood with his chest out and hands on his hips, with his crotch pushed forward, making his bulge even more prominent. The girl had one of her hands on his backside, just low enough to touch his ass.
Another painting was not so modest. It was an artistic rendition of Michelangelo's David, with David being played by an 18 year old boy who was clearly naked in front of his entire class. The boy, while surely embarrassed, had been instructed to get naked and stand exactly like David had. His penis was appropriately small, around 4 inches in length, and his balls hung freely below it. The painting, even the boys had to admit, was very well done. The girls could not stop admiring it, not entirely for artistic reasons. The girls felt hot, and some of them felt a moistness under their panties at the thought of painting their classmates in poses like these, in clothes like these. They particularly enjoyed the feeling that they would not be subject to the same ordeal, and would remain fully clothed at all times.
As if to reinforce this feeling, the next painting was revealed to be that of a couple. The models were clearly an 18 year old boy and girl, who were posing like lovers. The pose was simple, yet erotic. The couple were standing, and were leaning in for a kiss. However, it was clear that this more sexual than romantic. The couple were in a state of undress. Well, the boy was in a state of undress. The girl was dressed in what looked like a summer dress, and one of the straps was off her shoulder. But that was the extent of her exposure. The boy on the other hand was topless. His pants lay around his ankles and his underwear was coming down too. The net result was that the boy was standing there with the girl, his penis exposed. The girl had one hand on his naked waist and the other on his chest as they leaned in for the kiss. The teacher informed the class that the kiss never happened and this was an expertly done pose. The students had held that pose for 5 hours over 3 sessions, the boys having to get naked every time and take his penis out in front of the class. Since it took so long, the couple had to be photographed first so as to maintain continuity. The photograph was distributed to all the students in the class, just to be safe. The girls, therefore, had a photo of their naked classmate forever.
The next series of photos were more paintings of male nudity in various poses. A boy eagle spread on a cushion, his penis and balls very vividly painted, was the highlight. There were some paintings which concentrated on the boys backsides and the students, presumably the girls, had painted these in beautiful detail.
The professor explained that the boys who modelled for these paintings would be required to get naked once again when they auctioned these paintings. The auction would consist of parents, sisters and other family members of the students, and the professor made it clear that she would expect no false modesty from the boys when the time came. The boys would get naked and go up on stage and stand there till the painting was sold. Once done, they would be allowed to dress and mingle with the crowd. The boys all but shook at this revelation. Through the various random stories they had heard from online friends who attended the college and some relatives, they were somewhat prepared for the exposing medicals and the clear double standard of privacy and punishment they had to endure. However, this meant that they would not only be exposed to their classmates, but also to their family members, who had not seen them bare for years. This also meant that they would be exposed to families of their friends in the college, and their naked portrait would hang in their living rooms forever. However, the boys did not protest as they had also heard the escalation of humiliation that the college was quite capable of.
The story of one boy had gone viral, to the extent that the students did not know if it was myth or fact. The post detailed the unfortunate adventure of a boy who had been a student of the college some years back. Apparently, this particular student had dared to protest the double standard prevalent in the college by refusing to lower his pants and underwear for a spanking. He had reasoned that the girl who he was caught making out with in a classroom was merely given detention, but he was to be subjected to a bare bottomed spanking in addition to the detention. The matter had quickly escalated, with the teacher taking umbrage at the questioning of her authority, and she had proceeded to call the dean of the college, who brought her pretty secretary along with her. The judgement had been swift and decisive. It was declared that no student had any authority to protest any decision by any teacher, as long as the decision was within the rules set by the university. It was further declared that it was well within the rules for female teachers to bare any male student and spank him in front of whoever was present, while female students could not be stripped nor touched.
The dean asked the boy to bare himself immediately in front of the 4 females in the room, including his pretty girlfriend, who had yet to see him naked. He was threatened with immediate expulsion, if he had failed to comply. The boy, obviously seeing no choice, had stripped. Standing naked, he was scrutinised by the females with great interest. The dean had then, just to increase the humiliation, declared that he would receive a spanking directly from his partner in crime, his girlfriend. The boy had been unbelievable traumatized as he offered his bare backside to his fully clothed girlfriend, with his increasingly erect cock between her thighs. She had spanked him with her hands a full twenty times. The post had made it a point to point out the blatant double standard of having being spanked by a girl his own age, who had been, in his opinion, an equally responsible party in the incident. Once he had been allowed to stand up, his backside was red and his penis was fully erect and protruding obscenely at the women. The women had openly smirked at the 6 inch boner.
Concluding that the punishment was not humiliating enough, the boy was asked to kneel outside of the class with his hands behind his head and legs spread. This was the last straw. The boy broke down crying and begged for mercy. However, he was granted none and 15 minutes later, the fully naked boy was kneeling, with his balls hanging bare below his erection. He had been seen by numerous people, both male and female as they passed him by after their classes had ended. The senior girls had made it a point to stand around for a while and stare at his penis, thereby compounding his humiliation. He had also heard a couple of girls threatening their boyfriends with similar punishments in the boys hostel, and then getting all the girls to see them in that state. The humiliation had finally ended when the professor decided he had suffered enough. His erection had not subsided for an hour, and when he put on his underwear again, he had a horrible time trying to fit it into his tighty whiteys. His girlfriend had openly laughed watching his ordeal, and the professor had barely contained her smirk. While still in his underwear, the pretty professor had approached him and threatened him with even more dire punishments would he dare to defy her or any other teacher again. With that, the girl and boy exited the class, the girl giving him a last spank before going out of the door.
Reading the post, the boys had already decided not to mess with their teachers. However, it was clear that this would take a lot of effort, and it would take a lot of bravery to not defy their professors.
**********************************