When Jessica hadn't returned my call after a week, I decided to try emailing her.
"Dear Jessica," I typed, "I had hoped to talk with you after what happened in Katherine's 'class,' but you left in such a hurry that I didn't get a chance. That was one of the most amazing experiences of my life, from Katherine's lecture to the delicious end. I would love to sit down with you over coffee or something and talk about it."
I had debated whether to ask her to dinner or not and decided that email was not the best communication method for that. Of course, since she wouldn't call me back, it was all I had. Coffee seemed to be a more casual suggestion, even though I didn't drink coffee. I typed my name as a signature and clicked Send.
I got a reply from Jessica that evening that said, simply, "I'd rather not talk about it. Jess." I sat at my computer, staring at the screen for several minutes before typing a reply. "Jessica: OK, how about we get together for coffee as friends and talk about something else?" I looked at that for several minutes, my mouse cursor hovering over the Send button before moving it, closing the message, and deleting it from my Drafts folder.
I couldn't imagine what her problem was. The sex was absolutely mind blowing, the best I'd ever had by a wide margin. There was a magical connection between us. Surely she had to have felt it too? Maybe she just needed some time to realize it.
The summer sessions began the following week. There are fewer drawing classes, so the teachers schedule their own models rather than have the model coordinator do it. I had made sure that each teacher had my contact information, and I was called to model on the second day of classes. It was a fun session with lots of short gesture poses, so I got to move around a lot. Late in the class, when I was settled into a twenty minute seated pose, my mind wandered to the last time I had been in that room, posing with Jessica and meeting Katherine. That led to thinking about the incredible experience in Katherine's sexuality research.
The sound of three or four female students coughing in tandem stirred me out of my reverie. I glanced down at myself and saw that I was almost erect. My penis had been lying against my thigh, but now it was trying to lift up in the air with each beat of my heart. Shit! I started thinking about baseball and how badly the Rangers were doing just a few years after their two World Series appearances. Two girls had smirks on their faces when I glanced at them. I looked around for the teacher, didn't see her, and hoped that she hadn't been in the room. My penis settled down, and I kept my thoughts away from Katherine and Jessica for the rest of the class.
"Great job," Kelly told me after the class ended when I had her sign my timesheet. "Can you come back Monday?"
"Sure," I replied, happy that my momentary erection hadn't cost me any bookings with her.
When I got back to the models' undressing/dressing room, I had a voice mail on my cell phone from a number I didn't recognize.
"Dan, this is Katherine Tate. I apologize for not getting back with you sooner, but I've been swamped with analyzing responses. I would love to have you come to my office and talk about your participation in my project. Please give me a call back so we can schedule something."
I dialed her number immediately, still in my robe.
"Katherine," I said after she answered. "This is Dan."
"Hi Dan, how are you?"
"I'm good. Sorry I missed your call. I just got out of a drawing class."
"That's OK. I was wondering if you had some time to talk."
"Sure." I wasn't taking any summer classes myself, so my schedule consisted of modeling during the day whenever I could get a gig and working at my job at the parts desk at Pep Boys three evenings a week.
"And actually, I have some time right now. Since you're already on campus."
"Sounds great," I said, eager to ask her about Jessica.
Katherine gave me the building and room number of her office, and I threw my clothes on, slung my bag over my shoulder, and made my way across campus. Her office was medium size with a small reception area for a secretary or student worker. That front desk was empty, so I went straight into her inner office. Katherine was studying something on her computer screen but looked up when I walked in.
"Dan, so nice to see you. That didn't take very long." She stood, stepped around her desk and gave me a hug, then motioned me to sit in the chair across from her desk.
"I walk fast when I'm going somewhere I want to go," I said with a smile.
We both sat, and she looked at me across her desk.
"I'm glad," she said. We said looking at each other in awkward silence before she continued. "Like I said, I wanted to do a follow up interview with you. What has it been, two weeks?"
"Almost."
Katherine looked down at some papers on her desk. "What did you think of the class?"
"It was amazing. I mean, well, you saw what happened. Jessica..." I struggled to find the words, but Katherine just nodded.
"Yes, the two of you were amazing together."
"Did you do a follow up with Jessica?"
"Yes, briefly. And it was only over the phone. She went back to Lubbock for the summer."
"She did?" I hadn't meant to sound so uninformed, but the words had just come out.
"Yes. Have you not talked with her?"
I shook my head. "I left her a voice mail, but she never returned the call."
"Hmmm. Well, she had some very mixed feelings about what happened. She was rather embarrassed. You do know that she thought she had peed on you?"
I shook my head again.
"Apparently, she didn't know about her special talent. It took you to bring that out in her. Let me tell you, the class and I had a long discussion on female ejaculation after lunch." She smiled and shook her head. "It was educational."
"It didn't mess up your study, did it?" I asked.
"Oh no. I got some amazing data back from those students. I am so grateful to you and Jessica."
"So you had wanted us to have sex then?"
"Oh yes. The major focus of my study was voyeurism, and people's reactions to seeing unexpected sexual acts. They knew they were going to see a demonstration of anatomy, but what you and Jessica did was a surprise to them."
"How did you know she and I would...you know?" I couldn't quite voice the words.
"Oh, I knew. I could tell by the way she responded to you on the model stand."
"Really?" I said. I hadn't sensed anything but stand-offishness from Jessica before Katherine's class.
"Oh yes." Katherine smiled at me. "The main question I have is, would you do a class like that again?"
"Absolutely," I said without hesitation.
"Even just the first part, the anatomy lecture?"
I thought about how stimulating it was to stand naked in front of those students sporting a full erection. "Sure."
"Even if you were the only model there? No female; just you."
"Sure," I repeated.
"Would you do it for your regular modeling rate? What is it, twenty an hour?"
It was actually fifteen an hour at this particular university, although I knew that other schools paid twenty. I thought about the two hundred she had paid me for that session, and how I had felt like I was stealing. Nothing that fun should pay that much, I had thought. I shrugged and said, "Yeah."
"With an erection?"
"That was part of the deal."
Katherine nodded. "Would you masturbate for the class if I needed you to show them an ejaculation?"
I thought about that first meeting with Katherine, how she had suggested that very thing after she had seen me nude on the model stand in that art class. Just talking about it now had me straining against the fly of my pants. "Whatever you wanted," I said, and I immediately thought I sounded far too submissive.
Katherine smiled. "You just came from an art class. Do you ever need to masturbate after a class?"
I shrugged, not wanting to admit anything to her. But honestly, it was quite often that I popped one off right after getting home after a class. There was nothing sexual in the class, but once it was over, thinking about the girls in class studying my cock and balls often got me worked up.
"Do you know why I spent so much time and effort doing a study on sexual voyeurism?" she asked me.
"I don't know. It was something you could get funding for, I guess."
Katherine laughed. "Do you know how hard I had to work to get the funding I did get? No, this study interests me because I am a sexual voyeur. Ever since I was a little girl, when I found my dad's stash of porn. Magazines, VHS, whatever. Watching has always fascinated me."
It only made sense that professors would study what interests them, especially if that interest affected them personally. But I couldn't figure out why she was telling me this.
"You are obviously an exhibitionist," she continued. "And I'm a voyeur. And you need a release after your art classes."
"What are you saying?" I asked, but I was starting to get the picture.
"I'm saying that I'm here. Whenever you get out of an art class, I want you to come here, to my office, and give me a show."
"Seriously?"
She nodded. "Why don't you close the door."
I stood, turned, and shut her door. Knowing what I was about to do, I would have liked to have locked it, but there was only a deadbolt that required a key to lock.
"You sure this is OK?" I said, unbuttoning my pants.
Katherine nodded, shifting in her seat, making herself more comfortable.
I unzipped and pushed my pants down to my knees. I didn't wear underwear on days that I modeled so students wouldn't have to see red marks around my waist during the early poses of the class. My erection sprang forth and bobbed in front of me.
"Take everything off," Katherine ordered. "Just dropping your pants seems crude. And I like to look at your body."
I kicked off my shoes, pulled my shirt over my head, and stepped out of my jeans. The novelty of being naked in a faculty member's office was a new sensation. I had never masturbated in front of anyone, and with nervous excitement, I took my erection in my hand and slowly caressed it up and down. Katherine smiled as she watched.
"Mmmmm," she said. "I like you starting out slow. You have such a beautiful penis."
Her use of the word penis rather than dick or cock was a turn on, highlighting the fact that I was naked and playing with myself in front of a proper fully-tenured university professor. I started stroking a little faster and used my other hand to tickle my balls. Katherine unbuttoned the top button of her blouse, her forearms rubbing against her breasts. She stopped at that one button however, and put her hands in her lap. Her gaze never left my cock, and I couldn't believe that she was just going to sit there and watch.
"Do you want to touch it?" I asked.
"You'd like that wouldn't you? Yes, I want to touch, but I'm not going to."
"Why not?" I asked between breaths.
"I can't. And I just want to watch. I want to see it come again."
I quickened my pace, and Katherine pulled two tissues from the box on her desk. She stood and held them in front of me, but I didn't take them. She could at least catch the cum for me. My muscles tightened as my arm pumped and pumped, and Katherine could tell that I was just about there because she lowered the tissues so that they were right in front of my cock. Just before the first convulsion hit me, I reached out with my left hand and grabbed hers, guiding the tissues so that they caught the first spurt.
"Ohhh," Katherine shuddered. I let go of her hand, and she caught the remaining spurts, most of the cum hitting the tissue. There was one stray string that landed on her finger. Once I was done, she dabbed at the tip of my cock with the wadded up tissue and threw it in the trash can beside her desk. She then, very slowly, licked the remaining semen off her finger, her tongue between her teeth, before sucking it in and swallowing.
"That was nice," she purred.
"It hit the spot," I agreed.
Without taking her gaze from my deflating cock, she sat back down at her desk. I started to bend down to get my clothes, but she stopped me.
"No, don't. I want to watch it go down. It looks so nice hanging there like that, still big. You were so hard through most of my class."
I stood and let her watch, but I didn't think I could stay there for very long without getting another erection. As much as I wanted her to touch me and as much as I wanted to touch her, standing there, naked, in front of her while she was still fully dressed was so hot. I wondered what it would be like to be her personal naked slave, and the thought sent a chill down my spine and my cock.
"So you'll do this for me on a regular basis?" she asked.
"Sure," I said, but I felt like saying, "HELL FUCKING YES!"
"Good. When is your next modeling class?"
"I have a one to five tomorrow and an eight to twelve on Monday," I said. Summer classes were four hours long instead of the usual three. "But I usually get out a bit early."
"What time do you think you can be here tomorrow?"
"4:45."
"Nice. I'll be waiting. You should probably get dressed now."
I disagreed since I was on my way to another erection, but I complied. Once I was fully dressed, Katherine got up and walked me out.
"Thank you," I said.
"No, thank you. I enjoyed that almost as much as you did."
"I doubt that," I said with a smile.
Katherine offered her hand and we shook like we were closing a business transaction, something that was probably more of a turn on than a kiss would have been.
Drawing class the next afternoon was another of the fun ones with a lot of short action gestures and ending with a forty-five minute reclining pose. My thoughts during that last pose returned to Jessica, home in Lubbock for the summer. At least I could quit looking for her on campus. I was anxious to know her true feelings about that sexuality project and about me, and I worried that the time apart would make those feelings, if there were any, fade. I also wondered about my relationship with Katherine. What did she want from me? Would our arrangement ever move beyond me masturbating for her? I decided that I was OK if it didn't. I wanted a shot with Jessica, so I was hesitant to do anything that might jeopardize that. I wasn't showing Katherine anything she hadn't seen before. Besides that, she was about twenty years older than I was, and I didn't see any kind of a long term relationship sprouting from that.
Jose, the instructor, called an end to the pose and the class at 4:30, and I got my timesheet signed, rushed to the changing room, threw my clothes on, and jogged to Katherine's office. I was surprised to see a girl sitting at the desk outside Katherine's office. She smiled as I walked in.
"May I help you?" she asked. Her red hair and green eyes were striking, and her face was covered with freckles.
"I'm here to see Dr. Tate," I said. "I should have an appointment."
"Dan," Katherine called to me from within her office. "That's all right Amber; he can come on in."
Amber smiled and motioned me into Katherine's office. I closed the door behind me.
"Hi, how are you?" I said, but Katherine just shook her head.
"Don't talk. Just do it. I think it's better if we don't talk."
I shrugged and pulled my t-shirt off over my head. My cock was already hard, and it sprang forth when I slipped my jeans past my hips. Katherine's eyes seemed to sparkle when she saw it. She slowly pushed the box of tissues on her desk to the edge so that it would be within easy reach. I got my pants off and pushed them to the corner behind me. Grasping my cock with my thumb and forefinger close to the base, I waved it at Katherine. She smiled and stifled a laugh. I spread my legs apart, standing at the side of her desk, and started stroking my cock.
"Slow," Katherine whispered. "Don't start so fast."
I slowed down, stopping at the base between strokes so Katherine could see the entire length of my cock.
"Yes," she whispered.
Katherine's tongue caressed her upper lip as my strokes got progressively faster. I thought of Amber outside, her piercing green eyes, and wondered if she had any idea what was going on just on the other side of the door behind me and to my left. Katherine's hand moved down to her lap, and she adjusted herself in her seat. I couldn't see, but I imagined her fingers curling into her pussy through her clothes. I wondered what it looked like, what she looked like.
I was just starting to get into a fast pace, one which would lead to an orgasm, when there was a loud knock on the door. I stopped instinctively, but Katherine said, "Come in," without hesitation.
The door opened as I tried to push my cock down between my legs and bend down into a crouch. What the hell was Katherine thinking?
Amber sauntered into the office with a stack of papers.
"Here are those graded tests," she said.
"Thank you Amber." Katherine looked back at me and said, "Don't stop."
"But," I stammered, but Katherine's upraised palm stopped me.
Amber turned and stared, her eyes wide. She grinned as I stood up straight again, my hand still on my cock. Katherine motioned for me to keep going. Amber stood where she was but raised a hand to her mouth. I started stroking again, slowly, like I had done before. The door was still open, and it didn't look like Amber was going to leave, so I pushed it shut with my other hand.
"Isn't he gorgeous?" Katherine said. "His penis is the prettiest one I've ever seen."
"It is," Amber agreed. She moved her hand from her mouth and pressed her arm against her breast. If she had been shirtless, she could have been trying to hide them from me. And then the vision of a shirtless Amber pushed everything out of my mind. I stroked faster and faster until I could feel my blood pumping behind my eardrums. With a grunt, I reached out with my other hand, yanked a tissue out of the box, and unleased what felt like a massive spray of semen into it. Amber and Katherine both seemed to jump in reaction. I kept spurting into the tissue with each beat of my heart, two, three, four, five. I struggled for air as my reservoir of sperm was depleted.
"Wow," Amber said, pulling her gaze away from me and looking at Katherine. "You were serious."
Katherine nodded, a smug look on her face.
"Thank you Amber. That will be all."
Amber looked back at me, smiled sheepishly, and scurried out of the office.
I stood in Katherine's office, naked, as I caught my breath. "I didn't think you would mind," she said.
I shook my head. "Thanks," was all I could manage to say.
To be continued...