Being in the defence force, I mixed with various people, and being young and single created exciting opportunities. A word about my member size also sparked curiosity among men and women alike. Just for the record, I am straight. My only involvement with naked men is when we are sharing a woman.
One such experience was with a work colleague who invited me to a BBQ with his friends and family. I met his wife for the first time, a tall brunette with a womanly body, lovely hips, and D-Cup breasts. She was in her mid-thirties, and they had a couple of kids. The next day at work, I thanked him for the invite and how much I enjoyed the day. Then, to my surprise, he asked me straight out, "Would I like to fuck his wife". I managed to stumble over a reply that I would.
He continued to explain that he would like to know that his wife was sleeping with other men and would like to watch at times. He also would like his wife to have sex with a group of guys. Finally, he shared that he would like to invite me around more often and wanted me to get close to her and see if I could seduce her.
Over the next few weeks, I would visit for drinks and meals and join them on family picnics and visits to the beach. During that time, I developed a friendly relationship with his wife. Sometimes I even thought she was flirting with me when he was not around. But it was a day at the beach when we finally broke the ice. He was playing with the family in the water, and I stayed with her, sunbathing on a towel. I noticed she was getting sunburnt, and I offered to apply sunscreen. As I used the cream on her back, she commented on my hands' strength, which felt good. I lay the cream on the back of her legs and moved slowly to the top of her legs, and my hand caressed the cheek of her bottom. She moaned, so I let my hand continue under the bikini bottoms. My fingers were now between her cheeks, and with the oily cream, slip my hands down between her legs. I gently explored the tight muscle between her anus and vagina.
At this stage, I was confused, and my heart was pounding out of my chest. My mate had explained that his wife was pretty prim. So here I am with my fingers at the edge of her vagina on a public beach as the family played nearby. As I allowed my fingers to explore further, the family raced up from the water.
As she sat up, she just smiled at me and then turned and kissed her husband as he flopped down on the towels. I was excited to see if I could create another opportunity and see how far I could go.
The rest of the afternoon was uneventful. We had dinner, sat around listening to music, and chatted over a few drinks. The family had retired to bed and suggested we jump in the hot tub for a while. I didn't have bathers with me, and as I didn't wear underwear, I would have to go naked. She said she didn't mind and would look away.
We climbed into the hot tub, he and I were naked, and she wore a black string bikini that didn't hide much. We sat to talk with them sitting on one side of the hot tub, me on the other. They sat close to each other with his hand in her lap. Then, the subject switched to sex, and they quizzed me on my sex life, and I explained my disadvantage and how most girls are scared off. She laughed and said I should focus on women with kids. They would be interested.
He excused himself for a bathroom break as we continued chatting. Then, finally, his wife confessed to me that she thought her husband was trying to encourage her to have sex with me. She was confused but said that if he wanted to do this, she would go along just once because she loved him. I sat there for a few minutes, contemplating the next move, and decided to slide over and kneel in front of her open, stretched legs. It was very erotic being this close to her, I was looking into her eyes, and I could sense her arousal by the circumstance and what might follow. We kissed slowly and passionately as my hands explored her body. The warm water made her skin smooth as I ran my hand over her sides and back.
As we kissed, I heard him coming back, and he laughed and commented that we were getting to know each other better. He was, by the look on his face and a growing erection, excited by the scene. As I sat close with my hand exploring his wifes exposed breast, she explained this would be the only time it would happen. She was not interested in having sex with other men or me, but she would do it tonight if he wanted this.
They agreed as she removed her bikini top, and I held her close and kissed her, feeling her breasts against my chest. As we continued, he made another request and asked if he could take photos. She agreed and asked if I would mind. It sounded like a great idea. He left to find his camera, and she suggested we find somewhere more comfortable, her martial bed. We dried, and she removed her bikini bottoms and, taking me by the hand led me to their bedroom.
I lay her down on the bed and climbed on top of her, looking into my eyes, she smiled and said it was very arousing to have sex with such a young, fit guy. She pulled her legs up as I nibbled her neck, one hand caressing her breast, and my erection pressed against the inside of her leg. She moaned as I continued, and I could feel the head of my penis had found its mark. I kissed her again, my tongue exploring hers as I slowly edge my cock against her open vagina. She moved her hips to help with the angle, and I could feel her sigh into my mouth as I slid into her. I eased back and slid again, allowing her to enjoy the penetration. She moaned, "Oh God", as I went deep into her, and I could feel she was tight even after a couple of kids.
After a couple of minutes, I was fucking her with long deep strokes as I held her legs up and opened her so I could see myself disappearing into her. She was moaning, calling out, and clutching the sheets in pleasure.
At the same time, her husband was standing alongside taking photos. I leaned back so he could get a better angle, her pussy full of my cock.
Continuing to fuck her, I caressed her large breasts, tweaking her nipples. Finally, I slid my hand between her legs and rolled her clit with my thumb. She almost squealed, and her husband was concerned she would wake the family as she called out for me not to stop.
Realising this was the only opportunity to fuck her. I decided to change positions and asked her to get on her hands and knees at the edge of the bed. As she turned around, I admired her firm round bottom. She moved back against the edge of the bed. I took my sticky erection and rubbed it up and down her open wet pussy, lingering at her opening. Finally, she turned and looked at me and asked that I fuck her. I slid into her with one deep thrust that made her groan. Holding her by the hips, I fucked her long and deep. In the mirror, I saw that her eyes were closed, and she was trying to hold back an orgasm. Her large breast swung under my thrusts, her legs open, and her hips tilted back.
Finally, she threw her head back and let out a loud moan. She called out as she came. Watching her in the mirror, she was panting, her eyes glazed with passion, and she tried to compose herself. I continued to fuck her hard. I wanted to work her into another orgasm, as I could feel mine building quickly. She was now asking me to fuck her, calling for it to be fuck harder. I could not hold back, and she came again, pushing back against me as I shot a massive load of semen into her. I could feel her flood with hot fluids, and she collapsed face down on the mattress. Her husband came up behind her and took photos of my semen leaking onto the white sheets.
After we both cleaned up, we sat and chatted for a while naked she was still leaking our juices, and we admired the wet sticky mess she was leaving on the sheets. Finally, she thanked me for making it so much fun. While the penetration was initially uncomfortable, she said it was erotic as she could feel me deep inside her.
After midnight, I decided to head home, proud that I had helped a couple live out a fantasy. It was the first time I had sex with another man's wife, and it was erotic having the husband watch his wife pleasured.
Her husband caught up with me at work a few times and enjoyed a new phase of their relationship and sex life. Several weeks later, I ran into her at the shopping centre was looking very sexy and appeared to have lost weight. She asked if I would join her for a coffee, and we chatted for over an hour. She told me she was enjoying a new phase in the relationship and was glad we had sex, but she had been struggling not to cheat on him. She was having trouble getting me out of her mind, and she had never had sex like that and craved more. She admitted she nearly had sex with her trainer and a co-worker on a business trip and discussed it with her husband but was unsure what to do. I told her I had a plan and would be around in the next couple of days to explain.
As promised, I visited them a few days later. We discussed exploring the idea of having sex with other random guys. So I suggested that as a sign of consent and agreement, he was to help prepare her for a lover. I handed him an electric razor and told him he would trim and shave her pussy every time she went to play. He would ensure it was smooth and could enjoy touching, exploring and playing with her knowing his wife would be with another guy. I then handed her a black lace choker; she would put this on as a sign of consent when she wanted to submit her body for pleasure, especially from another man. Finally, I offered to help her safely meet other guys.
They both agreed this was an exciting and erotic idea. They would discuss this and let me know if they wanted to pursue the idea further.