//Author's Note:This story is part of a small collection of Lesbian stories I'll be uploading this week. This particular one is an edited resubmission of a story that was previously posted on Literotica. Apologies if you've already read this! It is not my intention to trick people into re-reading something. This is the sequel to another chapter I've recently uploaded called TinglesAllOver. It is a direct sequel, meaning that this story will not make as much sense if read out of order.
This story assumes a little bit of knowledge on the part of the reader about the phenomenon known as ASMR (Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response). Although understanding the sensation and its nature helps, the most important thing to understand, before reading on, is the typical style of an ASMR video.
The ASMRtist will usually sit in front of a camera and interact with it, often times pretending that the camera is the viewer. They might carry on a conversation, sometimes acting is if the viewer is responding. The intended effect is to make the viewer feel like they are being addressed directly. Personal attention is one of the most common triggers of ASMR, and that is layered into a significant number of ASMR videos.
Some of the parts of this story are written to emulate that video style, and utilize a second-person narrative. This was largely an experiment to see if I could execute second-person at all, and I've left them intact because I enjoyed the results. Some readers even said that they experienced 'tingles' while reading this, which was incredibly rewarding to hear.
The majority of this story is written in third-person. I hope you'll give this oddball inclusion a chance.
Enjoy!//
The Hypnotherapist
"First of all, again, I'm sorry for cutting us short last week, and I want to make sure it's clear that we'll be going a little long today to make up for that. You have time to stay past your normal hour, right?"
"Okay," she says, smiling and nodding. "Good. Now, I want to take us back to last week because you said something that really stuck out to me. Something I want to focus on. You said..." Her eyes fall to her pad for a moment. "...when we were talking about your co-worker Cecilia, you said she was... 'repulsed by you' during the conversation you had about being understaffed. But then, when I pushed you on it, you couldn't give me a strong reason why you thought she was 'repulsed'. You just... yes. Yes, exactly. You had a 'feeling'."
"As soon as you said that I knew what I wanted to try next, but we didn't have time to get into it last week. Now..." She pauses to put her notepad back on the desk, and turns back to you with her full attention. "I wasn't there. I want to make sure you understand that I'm not trying to undermine your feelings... but I know you. I know how hard you can be on yourself. It is myassertionthat... what happened between you and Cecelia was just a normal, run-of-the-mill interaction with a coworker, and nothing more, and that you're jumping at shadows."
"I know. I wasn't. But... but... This isn't the first time we've seen this. You've admitted that that's happened with me, and I can tell you withabsolute certaintythatI'venever been repulsed or put off by you. You're a wonderful young man, and you don't give yourself enough credit."
"That'snotwhat you pay me for," she says, smirking and tilting her head sardonically. "You pay me to be objective and neutral, and from where I'm sitting, you're smart, good-looking, and funny. What youaren'tis confident. You don't believe in yourself, and you don't see yourself as likable, or enjoyable to be around."
"I want to try some hypnosis today."
"Yes."
"No, this... this won't be like a stage act. You won't beunder my power," she says, affecting a dramatic tone. "You'll be awake and conscious the whole time. I'm going to walk you through a guided meditation, and that will help you relax and sort of... step back. It'll help you take off the glasses, so to speak. Does that sound okay?"
She smiles broadly, and then stands up. Black heels give wonderful definition to her calves. She's wearing a light gray skirt, reaching past mid-thigh, with a matching unbuttoned blazer. Her off-white satin blouse ripples as she moves, reflecting light in a cascade as she grabs her wheeled chair and pulls it across the room. When she sits back down, she does so immediately in front of you, with her legs crossed just to the outside of your right knee. She wraps her right hand around her left and lets them come to rest in her lap.
"You may lie across the couch if you want, or you may remain seated. However you feel like you'd be most comfortable. There are no wrong choices." Her voice is both louder and softer, given that she's closer but speaking more softly. "I want you to close your eyes, and focus on my voice. Can you do that for me?"
"Good."
"Slow, deep breaths. In through the nose, and out through the mouth. Perfect.Perfect."
"I want you to become aware of the rest of the building. The distant sounds of other people's conversations. The groaning of machinery. Of cars driving by. I want you to... accept... that they're there, accept that they exist, but also understand that they don't affect us in here. I want you to put them aside, and focus only on my voice."
"Perfect." Her voice lowers slightly, almost imperceptibly. Slows down, with a focus on enunciation. Louder and softer at the same time, as she leans forward. "I want you to bring your attention to your feet. Way down at the bottom of your legs. I want you to picture them becoming heavy, and slow. Like bricks, slowly sinking into the floor. I want you to think about turning off your feet for a little while. They're not going anywhere. They'll be there, nice and refreshed, when you're ready to turn them back on again, but we don't need them right now. We're going to turn off everything we don't need."
"Focus on my voice," she purrs, "and follow it down to your shins. Down to your ankles, and your calf muscles. I want you to think about turning them off, and how they become heavy as they shut down.Soooheavy. Like you couldn't lift themeven if you tried."
"Perfect."
"Picture your knees, and your thighs, becoming heavy. Shutting down. Shutting all the way down. All the way down. All the way down."
"Focus on my voice," she drones. "Let my words guide you, and lead you deeper. Deeper and deeper. I want you to focus on your hands. Focus on the knuckles, and all the little nerve endings. Focus on your fingers. I want you to picture turning them off one by one, starting at the pinky on each hand and working toward the thumb. Feel how heavy they become, as you stay focused on my voice."
"Your forearms become like stones. Your biceps, and shoulders...veryheavy. Picture yourself flipping the switch, and turning them off. Just for a little while. Let your breathing slow, as you relax. Deeper and deeper."
"Perfect."
"Now. I want you to go back, go back, go back. Three weeks ago. Monday. You're heading to work. You stop at Dunkin on the way, the one with the cute black girl behind the counter. You're visualizing all of these things, in your mind's eye, as I'm telling them to you... as you stay focused on my voice. You place your order, and you're waiting in line..."
"... except this time, as you reach for your cup, and your hand brushes against hers, you hold on to the cup. See yourself, now, holding the cup. Keeping it held smoothly without spilling a drop. She smiles at you, but it's not the smile of good customer service, this is... this is more."
"Picture her clearly now. With her long hair back in a ponytail, sticking out of the back of her brown hat. Picture her shirt swelling as she takes a steadying breath. Picture her brown apron, stretched out away from her body by the full breasts beneath. Picture her bright hazel eyes sparkling. Picture her lips, glistening, and the whites of her teeth peeking through them as she smiles."
"As she smiles at you. Asshesmiles atyou."
"I want you to picture this moment lasting for few seconds more, suspended, and when time resumes, and everything starts moving around the two of you again, she's still smiling at you. Her body language is directed at you, facing you, and you can see she's... a little nervous, a little excited."
"You ask if she'd like to go out some time, just like that, and she says yes. Just like that."
"Follow my voice. Stay focused on my voice as we fast forward. You meet her for dinner. She looks stunning. Beautiful curves that her uniform was doing a good job of hiding. I want you to acknowledge that, on another day, you would be thinking, or may have already thought,what is a woman like this doing with me?Some self-doubt is important, but too much can be very harmful. I want you to acknowledge that doubt, and then I want you to put it aside. I want you to imagine putting that thought in a little box. She smiles, and she takes your hand..."
"And then you're at dinner. At the restaurant. At the table. And she's smiling. And she's laughing. You're there, and she's there, and she's having a good time. And you're having a good time. And slowly, over the course of the meal, you stop seeing her as 'that girl from the Dunkin' and start seeingKeisha. As a person. As an individual. She reaches across the table and bites her lip, nervously, as she takes your hand..."
"And then you're outside her apartment. She's looking up at you, and you're looking down at her."
"And then you're inside her apartment. She smiles as she tells you to sit down, right in the middle of the couch. It's comfortable, and you try not to be too obvious about watching her as she walks into the kitchen... but she knows you're watching. You can tell by the way she moves."
She leans to one side, slowly withdrawing her left arm through the sleeve of her blazer, followed by the right. Her arms, bare, as she stands up.
"She comes back a minute later with a glass of tea in her hand. She sets it down on the coffee table in front of you, and then sits down beside you. Barefoot. Very close."
"I had a really good time tonight," she says, as she turns to sit on the side of her hip. Her feet nestled beneath her, with her knees brushing against your left. "She reaches her arm behind you... like this..." Her nails brush through the hair at the back of your neck, dragging lightly along the scalp. "Can you feel her body pressed against your side? Can you feel her warm breath washing over your skin?"
"I've been hoping we could have this opportunity for a long time, she says. I've been watching you come and go, week after week, and I just... well..." She leans in slowly, and her lips press softly against your cheek as her nails drag around to the far side of your head. "Her hand slides down, removing the button and pulling slowly on the zipper of your jeans. Can you feel her breasts as they graze against your arm? Can you feel how... how turned on she is?"
"Her voice is so soft, whispering so delicately in your ear as she tells you about the crush she has on you. How she's been waiting for you to make a move like this." She reaches into your pants, gripping your cock in her hand and giving it a playful tug. "Oh, she says, gasping lightly. Very nice."
"Her left leg comes up and over you, as she straddles you quite suddenly." Her hands reach down, across her body toward the opposite side hips, and when they come back up a second later, her blouse comes with them. "Her breasts heave, swelling with every breath. Threatening to pour over the top of her black lace bra. She leans forward and licks her lips, as she gives your cock another long stroke. I want you inside me," she says.
She hikes her skirt up past her hips, and bites down hard on her lip as she lowers herself. "OOoh god... she moans... as she takes you in. Her walls wrap tightly around your cock... and she's wet. Oh god, she's wet." Her breath is labored, coming in bursts, as she makes shallow, rhythmic thrusts. "Each time she thrusts, you push a little deeper, and a little deeper... until... oooh."
Suddenly she leans back. Her hands reach down to brace against your knees. Putting her upper body on display for you as she writhes up and down on your cock. She grabs at her bra and pulls down, and her right breast spills out over the thin lace. A heavy teardrop of flesh with a pale hard nipple in the center. Immediately, her fingers are on it, pinching and twisting, and the symphony of soft coos that accompany it curl around and around in your ear. After a minute, her hand goes back down to your knee, to steady her thrusting, but her right breast remains out. Bouncing heavily as she thrusts, with the motion becoming circular, counter-clockwise, as she goes faster. "Oh fuck," she moans. Harder. "Oh fuck."
Her upper body shifts to her right, and she reaches down with her left hand to feather her clit. "Can you hear her? Can you hear her moaning your name?" Up and down, up and down.
"I want you to cum inside me, she whispers, as she leans in close to you. Grinding forward and back against your hips. You can hear the intimacy in her voice, and the need. The quiet, but insistent need. You can feel the immediacy of it in her thrusts... and in the way she clenches around you. So tightly. Oh god... so tightly."
"Oh God. Oh God," she moans. "Cum with me. I want you to cum with me. I want you to- hnnnnngh-please! Please!Pl-nnnnnnngh!"Her lips peel back, baring her teeth in a rictus, as she whines. One breast bouncing restrainedly while the other whirls. "Oh God!Oh God!"
She squeals, face pinched tightly as she tries to control her volume, and her thrusting grinds to a vicious halt. For a moment, everything stops. Everything is still, and quiet, and it's just you and her. Everything else is gone. She smiles, exhaling for the first time in an hour, and sighs happily.
"Now," she says, as she slowly lifts herself from your lap. She reaches between her legs to adjust her panties, and then fixes her skirt little by little as she stands back up in front of you. Hands collect her breast, and carefully slide it back into its cup. She grabs both sides of the front of her bra and shifts it back and forth, wiggling her torso until her breasts are well and properly situated. "I'm going to count up from one to ten, and as I do, I want you to picture turning your body parts back on. Flipping that switch. As you do, your body will feel rested, relaxed, and alive. One."
She bends over, retrieving her satin blouse from the floor, and holds it up to give it a quick inspection. "Two. Three." She steps back into her heels, and lifts her blouse up over her head. "Four." She gives her head a good toss, throwing waves of red-brown around. "Five." Her blazer comes up off the back of the chair, and smoothly slips back over her arms and shoulders. "Six." Seated. "Seven." Notepad in hand. "Eight." Legs crossed. "Nine." One last check, giving gentle tugs on her blazer to ensure her appearance is under control. "Ten."
"Now... how do you feel?"
***
"You lookbeautiful," Stephanie said genuinely, repeating herself for the tenth time, as she put her Jeep in park.
"I'm way overdressed," Kacey squeaked. She looked out the passenger side window and shrank down into the seat. "How could you let me be so overdressed?"
"Those aren't... Those are just customers," Stephanie said, following her girlfriend's eyes. "The store isn't closed yet."
Kacey frowned and looked down at herself. Her dark green dress, form fitting at the bust and flowing more the closer it got to her thighs, was well within the nebulous 'business-casual' guideline, but she still looked nervous. Stephanie felt a powerful rush of adrenaline as she leaned across the center console and took Kacey's jaw in her hand.
"Listen to me," she said, firm without quite reaching 'stern' territory. "You're mine. I couldn't have you walking in there looking bad, could I?"
"N-n-no."
"Alright then." She took advantage of their closeness and leaned in just a bit more. Their lips met softly, and tenderly, lingering for a few seconds while her tongue made a playful dive through to the other side.
Kacey drew a shuddering breath when it ended, blushing and nodding, but Stephanie could only keep her anxiety penned in for as long as it took them both to exit the car and walk around to the front of it. Stephanie was waiting there, at the front left corner, with her hand extended.
"Was that okay?"
"Yeah," Kacey gushed, knees buckling just a little.
"I don't ever know when I'm, like, crossing the line or anything, and I'm always kind of afraid that I might be."
"You didn't."
"Are you sure? I don't want to be too possessive."
"I'm sure," Kacey said, "and... thank you for checking."
Stephanie nodded to herself, and took one more step toward the store before stopping abruptly and taking Kacey by the shoulders. "This isn't about the dress at all, is it?"
Kacey went mute, staring back with a blank expression.
"This is about meeting Olivia."
Again, blank. The wheels turned quickly behind Kacey's eyes, but nothing was making it past her lips.
"Okay. That makes more sense."
"I'm sorry," Kacey said, curling in on herself. "I tried not to, but it was all I could think about the last few days."
"You've been stressing about this fordays?"
"Kind of?"
Stephanie stepped closer to her, pulling her girlfriend into a hug and kissing the top of the shorter woman's head. "Why didn't you say anything?"
"You were... kind of... wrapped up in your video."
Stephanie sighed, instantly knowing it for truth. Her frustrated inner tirade, long practiced and well rehearsed, fired up the litany.I should have noticed. I should have done better. I should have paid more attention.She exhaled slowly, body going a little stiff, and shook her head. "I'm sorry."
"No, it's okay. That's your hobby, and it's important to you. You were really focused, and I didn't want to be, like, a distraction."
"Baby..."
"I know. I should have said something."
"Please, please, please feel like you can be a distraction." Kacey nodded, but Stephanie gushed on as she stared into the distance.. "No, that's not right. That makes it sound like my content comes above you and you're just the entertainment in between."
"It's okay," Kacey said, smiling. "I know that's not how you meant it."
Stephanie nodded, but she was barely listening. It was hard to hear anything else above the self-flagellation. She covered it by bending over slightly to straighten her white and pink knee-length dress. Covered it by checking her knee-high heeled boots again. Kacey took her hand, fingers interlacing, and squeezed it tightly, and they walked like that into the store.
Red, silver, and green decorations covered everything, dominating the decor of the interior. Obnoxious modern renditions of Christmas standards blasted through the PA system. Stephanie blushed as she walked through the store. Some of her coworkers, the ones not off the clock yet, were tilting their heads quizzically while others quietly processed. Her sex life, with the obvious secret exception of Olivia, was not a subject of conversation at her store, so for her to show up hand-in-hand with another girl was big news and it spread like wildfire. Kacey hadn't seemed to notice, as she was seeing the inside of the store for the first time. Stephanie shot a few meaningful looks at her coworkers, who all sheepishly nodded and went back about their business.
"You guys sell so much cool stuff," Kacey said. "Do you getallthe props for your videos from here?"
"Mmm-hmm," she said absently, nodding while building herself up internally as they moved through the back half of the store toward the warehouse. It wasn't until they pushed through the two swinging doors and into the party that it occurred to her that she was nervous for Kacey to meet Olivia too.
'Nervous' was a dangerous understatement.
"So this is her, huh?" Olivia wasted no time giving Kacey a very obvious head-to-toe inspection as she stepped out from another conversation she was barely participating in. Her expression gave away nothing, but she did give a very minor head nod. Kacey braced herself and got a half step in front of Stephanie while they walked, but Olivia forestalled her by extending a hand for shaking. "Took long enough. It's nice to finally meet you."
Kacey, slightly crestfallen, took the proffered hand and shook it firmly. Olivia leaned in slightly closer and lowered her voice while she held Kacey's hand.
"I only hug people I'm trying to grope covertly," she said, keeping her expression neutral as always. Olivia's husband, a mountain of a man with a beard as thick as his arms, and Stephanie both nodded knowingly. Kacey's eyebrows rose higher and higher. "Here. Come with me to get something to drink. Steph, you remember Bonner?"
"Yup," Stephanie said, trying to stamp down the bile that was threatening to erupt as the two people with whom she had most recently slept walked off together.
The mountain nodded and smiled as he moved to stand next to her. "Stephanie," he said, voice deep and resonating.
"Bonner," Stephanie replied, smiling lightly. "How've you been?"
The mountain shrugged. "Can't complain."
"How is/are the little one...s?"
"You forgot how many kids we have, didn't you?" he said, smiling, to which Stephanie nodded. "Thegirlsare good. Both of 'em."
"Delilah and..."
Bonner smiled and let her wriggle on the hook for another few seconds before adding "Genevieve."
"Thaat's right. Genevieve's older, right?"
The mountain nodded again. "Gonna be fifteen this year."
"That'sright.," Stephanie said, scanning the crowd until she found Olivia and Kacey again. The mountain chuckled. "What?"
"You know the only reason she pulled your new friend over there is to screw withyourhead, right?"
Stephanie stared, slack jawed, across the room. "That soundsexactlylike something she'd do."
He chuckled again, taking his time between sentences. "Don't worry. She's just letting 'er know there's nothing happening between the two o'ya anymore."
"I suppose I already know the answer but... Olivia's... like... she's alright with that, right?"
"She's crying on the inside," Bonner said, but he could only keep a straight face for a few seconds before breaking into a wide grin. "Naw, she's good. A lil' disappointed, I think, but not broken up."
"Disappointed?" she asked, looking back up at him.
"Yeah." The mountain gazed across the room, staring fondly at his wife. "It's hard enough finding people that she gets along with, and then tryin'ta find someone that'll be cool with... yanno... the open thing."
"Yeah..."
"She's definitely glad it ended for the right reasons though." He paused to take a bite-sized piece of cheese off the plate in his hand, and pop it into his mouth. "That was important to her, even if she'll never say it."
She looked uphill, overcome with an abundance of respect. "Thanks, Bonner."
"Anytime," he replied, around a mouthful of cheese, and then nodded meaningfully behind her. She turned around just as Olivia was leading a nervous-looking Kacey back toward them. "Babe, youknowhow hard it is to get 'em back to the kill room if ya scare 'em first." Olivia came to a quick stop and slapped her open palm against her forehead.
"He's joking," Stephanie said, as she reached her arm around Kacey's shoulder. "Was that okay?" she added, in a softer voice. "Was she nice?"
"It was-it was good," Kacey said, nodding. "I'm just, you know..."
"I know," Stephanie said, planting a soft kiss on the top of her forehead.
"But yeah."
"Good."
Stephanie was friendly with most of her coworkers and, over the next couple hours, spent time talking with most of them on a level commensurate with how much she liked them. She tried to be respectful of Kacey, and stayed across the room from Olivia. Every time she looked over, though, all she could think about was how old Olivia and Bonner must have been when they'd had their first child and how much that had changed how she thought about Olivia as a MILF. Which she definitely did. Olivia's black dress clung to her hips in a way that made Stephanie hate their uniforms even more.
Most of the conversations started with, or at least touched on, that Stephanie was gay, had a girlfriend, and whether or not that was something her coworkers had expected or ever considered. It was more conversation on her sex life than Stephanie had ever had, which was shocking when she really thought about it. It felt a little personal, but it was the kind of thing she was hoping to power through once, at a party, and then never hear about again.
"How're you holding up?" Stephanie whispered, about two hours later, to a visibly-weary Kacey. When Kacey didn't immediately respond, Stephanie nodded and pulled Kacey to the side after a polite exit from the conversation she'd been participating in. "Are you okay, Baby?"
Kacey folded her arms across her chest. "I think I'd like to go."
"Okay," Stephanie said, rubbing her hands lightly up and down Kacey's biceps. "Was it, like, because of someone?"
"Kind of," Kacey said. Stephanie nodded, smiling, and they turned and headed for doors. She felt that protective pull again, and had to fight down the urge to snarl at Olivia when the older woman peeked out from behind a larger crowd.
"Checking out early?"
"Yes," Stephanie said briskly.
"Okay," Olivia said, tilting her head. "Kacey, it was nice meeting you."
"You too," Kacey said, as they pushed through the double doors.
It was quiet in her Jeep as they passed through town. Kacey kept pulling at the hem of her dress, trying to keep it down over her knees, and her quiet grunts of frustration were the only real sound. Stephanie gripped the wheel tightly, knuckles whitening, as she tried to figure out a way to start the conversation. In truth, though, half of her plan was to wait for Kacey to start talking on her own.
From a certain point of view, her plan succeeded.
"Why do you work there?" Kacey was all ice, with her arms folded tightly across her slim chest.
"Uhm..." Stephanie hadn't been prepared for that. She swallowed, and ran her tongue over her lips as she scrambled to recover. "I don- I don't understand."
"Why. Do. You. Work. There."
"Money. Baby, did someone say somet—"
"Wrong." Kacey crossed her stockinged legs too. "I've seen how much you get from Patreon."
"You looked that up?" Stephanie said, voice rising in panic.
"It's on your page," she snapped. "It's right there on the front page.Don't change the subject."
"I..." Stephanie collected her thoughts for a moment. "I mean... I'm always a little worried about Patreon not being steady. Or reliable. You know, not like a 40-hour-a-week job is... so... I've stayed away from trying to make videos full time, if that's what you're asking."
"No, I get that. I get having 'a' job. Why do you have 'that' job?"
"I... I had that job first," Stephanie said, as they pulled up to a red light. "After my year of college, I got that job. I always felt like Martel was the fallback."
"The fallback," Kacey said icily.
"Baby, did someone there make you feel uncomfortable? Did..." She sighed, leaning back into the headrest. "Olivia said something, didn't she?"
"It wasn't Olivia."
"It's okay, Baby. You don't have to—"
"It wasn't Olivia," Kacey yelled. "It wasyou!"
"Me?" The light turned green, but it took several more seconds before it registered for Stephanie. They crept slowly through the intersection. "I... I don't..."
"She was fine. Olivia was upfront and direct, and she treated me respectfully. I appreciated that. You, though..." Kacey uncrossed and re-crossed her legs tightly. "You hurried me away from her as fast as you could,like you were worried about what she was going to say to me, and then you stared at her from across the room,all night,like that was where you really wanted to be."
"That's... That's not—"
"Are you're settling? Like you don't want to be withme, you want to be withher... and you're justwaitingfor her to be... to be... emotionally available." A quiver slipped into Kacey's voice.
"Baby... no..."
Kacey shook her head, staring straight forward, "I was already feeling kind of alone before tonight, and now..."
"You're right," Stephanie blurted. "I was trying to keep you apart. I was so worried about you meeting her that I went to... to great lengths to keep us away from her and her husband tonight. I didn't want you to feel like you were, like, competing with her."
"But all you did was stare at her all night! I was there next to you, andyou were staring at her."
"Yes!" Stephanie shouted. "Fine! I was staring at her! For a lot of reasons! Partially because, you know, I was trying to keep distance so I had to know where she was. Partially because, yeah, I still think she's attractive."
"Great."
"And partially because she's my friend. She's funny. I missed talking to her."
"I wasright there, and you barely talked to me at all."
Stephanie hung her head and nodded. "I'm sorry."
"I don't understand what happened tonight at all, and I'm trying really hard not to be defeatist right now, but that was... that was not good."
"Okay... Okay." Stephanie closed her eyes and took a deep breath, as they pulled onto her street. "I had a hard time balancing things tonight, and I didn't... I don't know. It was hard having so many people find out I'm gay. Or whatever."
"Yeah," Kacey said, her voice getting smaller. "That was weird for me too."
"And we just kept having that same conversationover andover."
"I know," the smaller girl squeaked.
"I'm sorry."
"I'm not saying you need to quit your job, but... I need to feel like I matter to you."
"You do," Stephanie said quickly.
"It's scary to be vulnerable. I'm having to fight my instincts constantly to trust you at all."
"You do?"
Kacey shook her head, squinting her eyes. "That's not because ofyou, that's just... because..."
"Oh."
"You have to do better."
"I can do better," Stephanie said, as they pulled to a stop in the driveway. Her stomach felt like she was in freefall. "I can."
"I know that, like, you get in your own head—"
Stephanie nodded vigorously.
"-and I don't know, maybe other people could handle that... but I need more."
The pulsing in Stephanie's ears reached a deafening volume. Painful levels of guilt and self-hatred. This was not the first time Stephanie had blundered in the six months they'd been together, and her self-absorption had been at the root of the end of nearly important relationship she'd ever had. Even though she was acutely aware of her shortcomings and failings, it wasn't enough to stop them from becoming problems. Repeatedly.
"Knock knock," Kacey said. Stephanie blinked in surprise and looked over. "Are you in there?"
"Yeah," she said, drawing a shuddered breath. "I'm sorry."
"Were you doing that thing again?"
She nodded.
"A wise woman told me that 'some self-doubt is important, but too much can be very harmful'."
"Touche," Stephanie said, eyes watering.
"It's not all you," Kacey said, after another minute of quiet. "I've been feeling like I... just... I don't know where I'm going. You know? I don't have a degree or anything. I hate my job. I don't..." She sighed and hung her head. "I don't know what I'm doing, and I feel lost... and for a little while, I kinda forgot about all that and got swept up in you. You know?"
"Yeah." Stephanie had certainly gotten swept up as well.
"Can we just... can we just go inside?"
Stephanie quickly grabbed her girlfriend's hand and gave it a tight squeeze before nodding again. They each opened their doors, and Stephanie was waiting with her hand extended just beyond the front of her Jeep. It took every ounce of Stephanie's will to put their night aside.
"Don't answer this," she said, "but do you know how important you are to me?"
Kacey blinked, her expression neutral if a bit fearful, as Stephanie led her to the front door. It took all of the strength she could muster to step away from her inner turmoil and focus on the moment.
"Stay."
Kacey stopped, instantly stiffening. Stephanie opened the door, stepped through, and then turned around. She stared back across the threshold at her diminutive girlfriend, in her flowing, one piece green dress, matching three-inch heels, and black thigh-high stockings. Kacey's skin pebbled, and not from the chill in the air.
"Remove your panties," Stephanie said, planting herself.
Kacey turned her head microscopically, but got no further than looking out of the corner of her eye before Stephanie cleared her throat meaningfully. Kacey licked her lips as she bent at the waist, and Stephanie felt a terrific thrill as she saw the beginnings of embarrassed flush in her girlfriend's cheeks.
"I have spent months learning your body language, and your body. Learning everything I can." She ran her fingertips through the short hair at the top of Kacey's neck. Kacey stepped carefully, one heeled foot at a time, out of her panties, and then straightened, and as she did, Stephanie's fingertips came around the side of her neck to caress the line of her jaw. She held up her panties with both hands, as an offering, and Stephanie smiled.
"Very good," Stephanie said, accepting the gift with both of her own hands. "Now lift up the front of your dress."
Kacey's eyes went wide, but she hunched forward and grabbed the hem of the skirt with only a little hesitation. Her breath was shuddered, puffing out of her mouth in stilted bursts barely visible in the cool winter air. Stephanie was only just able to keep her expression neutral as Kacey exposed the middle of her thighs, and then the dark stripe at the tops of her stockings, and then the tops of her thighs, and then finally her groin. Stephanie took a deep breath, inhaling the powerful scent of her girlfriend's pussy, and exhaled with a happy sigh.
"I've paid attention to your... limits. The real ones and the imagined ones. Learned when I should back off, and when to push you." A very slight upward twitching of her fingers. "Higher."
Kacey bit her lip, fingers spidering across her palm to gather more and more of her dark green dress within her hands.
"Higher."
Little by little, while the front of her dress folded up and away to expose her belly button, the back of the dress rode up the back of her thighs. Exposing the tops of her thigh-highs behind her. Creeping ever closer to the beautifully sculpted muscle of her ass. Stephanie held her gaze, watching her cheeks turn redder and redder. They both froze, soaking in the moment, as a car rolled down the street. Stephanie moaned as her girlfriend eyelids became heavy, with a miniscule whine escaping from her throat.
And then, just as Kacey began to tremble, Stephanie stepped forward and pushed down on her hands. Lowering the dress. A long, low groan, carrying tremendous relief, poured out of Kacey.
"I know you," Stephanie said, as she held Kacey closely. "I know you down to your bones." Kacey had to tilt her head upward to maintain eye contact, and she swallowed hard as she nodded. "I know every hair." Kacey nodded again, trembling powerfully as Stephanie leaned closer. Until their lips were brushing against each other. Her right hand slid into the gentle curve of Kacey's lower back, pressing in supportively, while the right came up to cradle the back of Kacey's head. A tender, gentle pressing of lips. Soft kisses. Soft moaning.
It was only under the glare of headlights, coming toward them from down the street, that Stephanie progressed. Her hands moved down, each cupping one of Kacey's cheeks through her now-lowered dress. Kacey squealed and rose up on the tips of her toes, with the spikes of her heels hovering in the air. Inadvertently pressing their bodies even more tightly together. Stephanie squeezed, lewdly outlining the incredible shape she already knew her girlfriend's ass to have. Her fingertips found little cushion to sink into.
It did not happen often, but there had been a few moments in Stephanie's life where she wished she'd been born a man. She could feel the urge to pick Kacey up, sweep her into the house, and kick the door shut behind them with authority. It was always a fleeting thought, though, and instead she turned her attention toward what shecoulddo.
She gave Kacey's ass one final squeeze as the car passed them, and then brought her hands around and up to Kacey's ribs. Twisting, keeping her palms flat, as she moved her hands over Kacey's small breasts. She brought her fingers to bear, through the thin fabric of the dress and sheer bra, on Kacey's extremely hard nipples. Kacey stifled a moan, trying hard not to look behind herself, as Stephanie began to pull and step back.
"Door," Stephanie grunted, her hands otherwise detained. Kacey swung her left arm out and slammed the door behind them, as she shuffled her feet to keep up. As soon as the outside world was shut away, Stephanie relented. She put Kacey's panties down on an end table, and circled Kacey, who for her part was standing with her feet together and her arms at her sides. It was a posture she'd begun assuming all on her own, without direction from Stephanie. Stephanie had found no reason to dissuade or discourage it.
She stopped behind Kacey and ran her hands across Kacey's shoulders. Out to the edges, and then back to the base of the neck. She unhooked the retaining button, and then took her time lowering the zipper. Parting the fabric, and exposing the tender flesh beneath. Kacey shivered, turning her head very slightly to look back.
Stephanie spread the back of the dress open, pushing it out until it sat perched on the very edges of Kacey's shoulders. The ends of the dress peeled away to expose much of Kacey's back. Delicate intent in her fingers, as she worked the clasps on the black strapless bra beneath. When the last hook finally came loose, Kacey took a deep breath. Stephanie brushed outward, fingertips trailing along Kacey's skin, and the dress fell to the floor. Bunched in a circle around Kacey's feet.
Stephanie stepped back and gazed in awe. Kacey's legs and cheeks were enough to make her wet when Kacey was standing flat footed. In heels, though? In stockings?
Smack!
Kacey gasped in shock, bouncing up on her toes and trembling. Stephanie kept her hand pressed on the spot, cupping and gently massaging the rounded muscle. Teasing it in the wake of the acute sting of a full-arm spank. Soothing. Keeping the sensation fresh, and in the front of Kacey's mind.
"I need you," Stephanie whispered, as she leaned over Kacey's shoulder. Putting her face right on the edge of Kacey's peripheral vision. "It wasn't until I met you that I realized how much I hide from the world. How...reluctantI am to expose myself."
Smack!Kacey bit down on her lip, muffling her soft moan.
"It wasn't until I met you that I understood how much I craved intimacy."
Smack!
"Oooh God," Kacey moaned.
"How much I needed someone I could be naked with."
Smack!The same spot, turning a bright red. She gave the angry, irritated flesh a soft squeeze, and shivered happily at the aching grunt it drew.
"It wasn't until I met you that I realized how weak I am."
Smack!Her hand throbbed, pulsing ferociously. She could feel her own heart beating in the palm.
"I shut myself off because I fear being taken advantage of. I fear being abused. I sought out empty relationships because I was afraid to get hurt."
Smack!Kacey whined, legs trembling.
"Youhavebeen taken advantage of. Youhavebeen abused. And despite that,you ranafterme.Youpursuedme."
Smack!
"I only know how weakI amby comparison... because I see how strongyouare."
Kacey's cheeks burned as brightly as her hind, and her eyes glittered with unshed tears. Still she faced forward. Still she kept her pose and posture. Still she kept her poise.
Smack!
"Fu-uck," Kacey moaned, sobbing lightly. Her shoulders shook, hovering on the edge of full-on crying.
Stephanie nodded and stepped back, putting a couple feet of space between them. A terrific chill ran through her when she saw how inflamed the spot on Kacey's right cheek was, knowing how much that must sting. She untied the decorative cloth belt wrapped over her belly, that held the overlapping layers of her dress in place, and then relieved herself of it. She laid the white-and-pink dress over the back of the couch beside her and lifted her right knee to the same. A long zipper ran the length of her calf muscle, and she gave a soft hum of relief as she pulled her foot free and wiggled her toes.
Kacey whimpered, a minute later, when Stephanie pressed up against her from behind. Both of them nude now, with the exception of Kacey's heels and stockings. Her hands roamed over Kacey's taut stomach, one travelling up while the other travelled down. Part grope, part embrace. Again she leaned her head forward over Kacey's shoulder. Her breasts molded around Kacey's back, spilling up and over well-formed deltoid muscles. Her fingers ran through trim pubic hair.
"I am weak," Stephanie whispered, "and you are strong." Kacey whimpered, happily, as she brought her hand up to grip the short hairs at the back of Kacey's head tightly, and pulled back. Until the line of Kacey's jaw was almost completely vertical. Exposing Kacey's neck. "Repeat the last part."
"I am s-strong," Kacey moaned.
Suddenly, Stephanie thrust her forward. Her hand stayed tight in Kacey's hair, directing her forcefully and forcibly toward the dinner table. Kacey gave a startled yelp as she scrambled to stay upright, and grunted as she crashed into the edge of the table. She doubled forward, bent over the tabletop, with Stephanie only letting go of her hair to press down between her shoulder blades. Pinning her. Stephanie reached back and down, grabbed the back of Kacey's right leg, and lifted it up until her knee was up on the table as well. One heeled foot planted on the floor with the other one extended off the edge of the table. The stockings were almost too much.
Smack!
Kacey wailed as Stephanie brought a flattened, hardened palm crashing into her spread pussy. Her eyes rolled wildly around the edges of her field of vision. Blinking feverishly. Her wail transformed into a continuous low moan as Stephanie again kept constant contact with her hand, and fingers slowly pushed between the outer lips toward her engorged pearl. Two fingers, pressing firmly. Encircling.
Stephanie hovered over Kacey, with her groin pressed against the side of Kacey's hip. She moaned, feeling the heat of her own cunt reflected back into her. Sensing how turned on she was without really understanding how turned on she was. Her nipples were so hard, so erect, that she knew the moment her furnace kicked on because of the way the air moved over her skin. "Say it again."
"I am shtrong," Kacey moaned, her cheek smushed into the table.
Smack!
Kacey's face scrunched, pinching, at another hard slap directly over her pussy. Stephanie shivered, thinking about how much of the initial contact in that slap was sensed directly by Kacey's protruding clit. Thinking how powerful that sensation must be. How overwhelming. Two fingers pushed inside Kacey, stretching the small girl near the brink of pain despite generous fluids to ease the way.
Kacey reached around the table, frantically trying to find something or somewhere to hold on to slow the overwhelming sensations that were drowning her nervous system. Eventually, she twisted her arms to press her palms down flat, as if on the verge of performing a push-up, and remained like that. Her full-throated moans echoed loudly throughout the house as her girlfriend worked two fingers in and out of her from tip to webbing.
"I need you," Stephanie grunted, voice low and raspy from exertion. Kacey squirmed beneath her, fighting not to escape, or to get anywhere, but to find a place where she could handle the overwhelming stimuli. The powerful physical sensations as well as the raw, naked emotion.
Schlick-schluck.In and out.Schlick-scluck. Faster and faster.Schlick-schluck.Pounding.
"I need you, Kristen."
Smack! Powerful tingles ran through Stephanie's arm, and down her back, as she whipped her arm at the wrist to deliver another devastating spank
"FUUUUUCK!" Kacey screamed. Her entire body lurched as she orgasmed. Writhing. Spasming. Clenching. Stephanie grabbed her and flipped her over onto her back, and was on top of her before Kacey could recover. She took Kacey's face in both hands and kissed her deeply, repeatedly. After a few seconds, Kacey responded. She wrapped her arms around Stephanie's neck. Stockinged legs hooked around Stephanie's middle. Stephanie marvelled at the heat radiating into her from Kacey's pussy. Hips thrusting, absently grinding on the orders of base instinct as they pawed at each other. Sweat-soaked skin sliding and smearing. Hanging on as if the other woman was the only thing saving either of them from a watery grave.
Both of them panting, gasping for air.
"I love you," Kacey whispered, barely loud enough to be heard over the ragged breathing. As soon as she said it, her eyes widened in fear. Stephanie slowed to a stop as well, cheeks flushed to a deep pink.
"I told you you were the strong one," she whispered back. Kacey's cheeks ignited. "I love you too."
"Oh fuc—" Kacey moaned, not getting all of it out before her lips met Stephanie's. Their renewed kiss redefined passion. Redefined need. Everything tightened. Everything squeezed. Bodies held so tightly together that, for just a moment, they were one.
"Bed?" Stephanie said quickly, forcibly breaking their kiss for exactly as long as it took to get that out. Kacey nodded.
"69?" Kacey asked back, eyes hopeful for the chance to worship her in return. Stephanie nodded. They moved together, lips locked with their hands all over each others' bodies, as they tried to get up off the table.
"Oh fuck," Stephanie moaned. "Remind me later to tell you about an idea I just had."
"I will," Kacey whimpered. "I promise."
Stephanie finally broke away enough to make forward gains toward the bedroom, and practically ran down the hall with one hand holding her breasts to keep them from bouncing too painfully. She planted one foot as soon as she was inside the door frame, and used her momentum to slingshot Kacey ahead of her onto the bed. Her thin girlfriend laughed and screamed as she dove onto her side, and Stephanie was right behind her. She couldn't wait to get that clit between her lips again, and feel Kacey's thighs clamp down around her ears. Those stockings were absolutelykillingher.
***
The New Mom
"Hey," she whispers tiredly, from her spot curled up in the corner of the couch. She points down the hall with one hand, and lays the index finger of her other hand across her lips. "Finally got her down." Her voice is soft and intimate as she rolls her head back into her neck and groans softly. Even though her hair is messy, her shirt is loose-fitting, and her sweat pants have holes, she's still just as sexy as she was the day you met. Even more so, in some ways. Her post-baby body is filling in beautifully. "Did you have a good time with your friends?"
Nevermind me. How are you holding up?
She looks away, down the hall, and sighs while smiling softly. "She's going to be breastfeeding until she's ten."
Is that such a bad thing?
"Stop!" she laughs. "I want my breasts back! She's not allowed to own them forten years."
They're not hers, they're yours!
"Doesn't feel like that, sometimes," she mumbles, wiping her face tiredly. "Feels like I'm just a life support system for a pair of tits."
Well, they're magnificent tits if that helps.
She blushes, tucking her chin into her chest. "Now you're just trying to make me feel better." Her eyes cut at you, with a playful grin breaking over her lips. "Thank you. It's hard to feel sexy with a small human attached to your boobs... I mean, look at them." She lifts up her shirt, tucking the bunched fabric underneath her chin, and scoops up her breasts in her hands. The pale pink of her nipples, nearly indistinct from the pale flesh of her breasts. "They're, like, way too big!"
They certainly are bigger. At least a full cup size, if not more. Fuller. Even as she's holding them in her hands, you can see the skin is swollen near to bursting. There's simply more mass inside the same amount of flesh now. She twists at the hip, rotating until her nipples are aimed at you, and squeezes them together.
They look perfect to me!
"Don't say that!" she says, gasping lightly. "They won't always be like this! When the milk stops, and they get smaller again, I'm gonna be all worried you won't like them!" She bites her lip and gives them both a gentle squeeze. "Christ, ithurtswhen they're full." A tiny drop of white appears on the inside of her right nipple. "I think I'm going to have to pump again. Already."
How much did you get earlier?
"One ounce from my left breast, andfourounces from my right breast.Thenshe fed for an hour, and I can already feel them swelling."
That's impressive.
"Thank you," she says, smiling sheepishly.
No luck latching on the right side?
She shakes her head. She looks down at her breasts, and gives them each a slow squeeze. Her fingers slid down, pressing through the breast tissue, toward her nipples. Stroking the full orbs. The white bead of milk on her right nipple gets larger, and begins to dribble down. "God, that feels good," she whispers, "and it kind of stings at the same time."
I had no idea you were so into S&M!
She scowls, just a little, but then the ends of her lips turn upward ever so slightly.
Have you tried it?
"What? No." She scoffs, shaking her head. "The milk? That's... no. No way."
No way? It's just milk!
"I mean, Iknowthat, but.. I mean... you know."
Come on. Try it.
"What? No! That's weird, right?"
Some people think anal is weird, and you love that.
Her smug, unimpressed smile is somewhat offset by the fact that she's still sitting there holding her breasts in her hands. Cupping them. And even, very gently, massaging them. Kneading her thumbs down into the pillowy flesh.
I'll try it.
"Whaaaaat?" Her hands move slightly, up and in front of her breasts, as if to protect them from you. "Are you joking?"
Not at all!
"You want to try my breast milk?"
Yes.
"Really?"
Holy shit yes.
She stares incredulously, mouth agape, and over the course of several seconds, you can see her nipples hardening. Becoming more pronounced. The tips of each areola extend, and another drop appears at the tip of the right nipple. She looks down, then looks back and forth between her breasts as she processes. She lets go of her left breast and, while that beautifully full orb falls back down to where gravity normally keeps it, she brings both hands to bear on her right breast. Massaging in waves. Working gently, slowly, toward the nipple.
"I've gotta be careful," she says, after licking her lips. "I accidentally squirted a bunch out this morning when I was just trying to make the pain go away." Another drop peeks out through the network of ducts, and she carefully catches it on the tip of her left index finger. The right hand keeps her breast cupped, held up, while she slowly offers you the drop. Her finger seems to move in slow motion, floating toward you through the space between you. The milky bubble wobbles precariously, threatening to run this way and that, but ultimately staying right in the center.
"... What do you think?" she asks, her expression drenched in excited anticipation.
It's good.
"Seriously?"
Seriously. It's thick, but it's kind of sweet.
"Itdoesfeel good," she says, biting her lip gently. Squeezing herself, and moaning softly. The more she goes, the more she gets into it. She grins devilishly, making a deliberate show of milking herself. Moving her fingers hypnotically. The flesh swells outward around her fingers, between her fingers, catching the light. You can't help but notice how her skin glows. Like she's not only reflecting the light, but generating some on her own from within.
"Here," she says, collecting another drop. She moves her finger in a slow spiral, corkscrewing toward you while arcing farther and farther outward. Swaying and circling. Teasing you, until her finger finally slides between your lips.
The entire time she's doing that with her left hand, the right hand is still squeezing. Still kneading. Still working in slow waves down the length of her breast. Another drop is ready. Two drops. Three. Each time, her extended, milk-laden index finger comes toward you in a slow, hypnotic swirl.
The next time, she uses two fingers to collect her milk. There is less pretense, less exaggeration, in the way she offers you her motherly gift. Her smile is... not shy. Not tricksome. Not prideful.
It's... confident. It's powerful.
You should try it. It's, like, really delicious.
She looks back down, brow furrowed, and lifts her breast even higher. Her fingers sink slowly into the soft flesh, squeezing it more and more until another drop leaks out. She hesitantly drags her finger over her nipple, trying and failing to hide how sensitive they are to even to most subtle touch, and collects the drop just below her nail. She leans down, neck craning, and pushes her tongue out past her lips. Just to probe, at first, but as soon as the fluid hits her taste buds, she goes back for more. Quickly, her whole finger is in her mouth, and she moans as she cleans it slowly with her tongue.
"Mmmmm," she lilts. "Mmmmmm."
She greedily lifts her entire right breast to her mouth. Both hands collecting and supporting the heavy sac. She moans quietly with her eyes closed. Her cheeks sink in, and the muscles in her neck and jaw clench and relax in turns. Her sucking becomes wetter, becomes slurping, and a drop of thick milk escapes from the corner of her lips. Fingers working in waves, and for a moment, it almost feels like she forgot you were there.
"Oh," she says, seeming out of breath. "I think I might have liked that even more than you did." Her nipple is fully protruded, with the pale flesh wrinkled and hard. She extends her tongue as far as she can, and runs it lasciviously over her nipple with a long, deliberate drag. "Are you turned on right now, Baby?"
After a second, she smiles warmly. "Touch yourself." Her eyebrows rise as you unzip your jeans, and she coos happily. "Look at that!" She leans down, bending her neck, to take her breast into her mouth, but this time her eyes remain open and on you.
She shifts, uncrossing her legs, and turns herself so that her left leg is arched along the back of the couch, with her foot beside you, while her right foot hovers just above the floor. Extended and swaying. Toes clenching tightly into the ball. She shifts her left hand to support her heavy breast solo, while her right hand slides down over her belly and beneath her waistband. She moans, breathing more and more through her nose while her lips and tongue work feverishly at her nipple.
The swell in her sweatpants, the outline of her hand, works quickly. Barely hiding a flurry of motion as she attacks her clit.
"Can I tell you something?" she moans, lowering her breast slightly. "I get really turned on every time she breastfeeds. I can't help it. I can't help it and Oh god.I've been turned on for hours.Oh... Oh god." She wraps her lips tightly around the ridged edges of her nipple, and sucks it greedily. Needfully. Air rushes through the imperfect seal, making high-pitched squeals. Eyes squeezed shut. Eyebrows riding higher and higher. Beneath her pants, a flurry of activity.
She cums when her voice hits its highest peak, a sound you are well acquainted with. Her eyes blink slowly, fluttering as she watches you. Her motions become more exaggerated, more drawn out. More focused around helping you cum too. Moaning louder. Moaning longer. Her head weaves back and forth, drawing her nipple farther and farther into her mouth. Stretching the pale flesh. Consuming her bounty.
"Fucking God," she moans. Her jaw hangs slack, and with her tongue pushed to her lips. Thick, white fluid coats the entirety of the inside of her mouth. So much fluid. A drop of it runs over her lips as she pants, streaking toward her chin, but she grins as she allows it to land on her nipple, only to suck it right back into her mouth. Several glorious seconds of moaning. Long, heavy seconds, full of the rich sound of her throaty moans.
Her right hand comes up, now, with her middle and ring fingers extended and held together. She lowers her breast and inserts her fingers. Suckling. Mingling her flavors. Alternating between her fleshy cup and her cum-lathered fingers.
Suddenly, from down the hall, comes the cry of an infant. Terrible and afraid.
She comes to a hard stop, instantly alert and aware. Her tongue runs over her lips, cleaning up the last vestiges of her pleasure. She looks back at you, just for a moment, and smiles. "Maybe tonight, you can have a longer sip."
***
Stephanie sat back in her desk chair and sighed happily. Another video in the can. They'd experimented with the Go-Pro this time, doing some very careful moving footage, as well as using their couch in the living room as a location. She still wasn't sure if she preferred subtitles or no subtitles, but she was incredibly proud of how it had turned out and incredibly proud of Kacey. Her girlfriend had been a real asset, and a real help. Stephanie had a lot of thinking to do if she was going to make permanent adjustments to her shooting methods, and to her capabilities as a creator, if she didn't need to do everything herself.
More so than with most videos, Stephanie was gushingly wet as she started her uploads. She lifted her right breast to her mouth and suckled, drawing tiny drops of milk from her ducts. Nothing near the volume they'd pretended she had in her video, but still. Every part of drinking her own milk turned her on, and it had played heavily into their recent sex life. Stephanie leaned back in her chair, lifted one foot onto the edge of her desk, and let her left hand drift down between her thighs.
This wouldn't take long.
"Hey," Kacey said, as she came into the room. Her tone shifted instantly. "Are... Are you fucking kidding me?"
"When did you get home?" Stephanie scrambled and twisted in her chair, blinking in deep shock.
"What doesthatmatter?!"
"I didn't think you were here!"
"You couldn't justwait?!" Kacey screamed.
"Baby, I tried to tell you how con—"
"I cannotbelievehow fucking self-absorbed you are sometimes. I was in thenext fucking room."
"That's not fair." Stephanie stood up, grabbing her shower robe from the back of her chair and shrugging her arms into the sleeves. "I was going to—"
"Everything is about you!"
Stephanie grunted in frustration and shook her head. "Kristen, please—"
"Don't youdare'Kristen' me. We have spentweeks,-weeks-, working onyourbreasts for one ofyourvideos. You've taken drugs, and—"
"Hormones," Stephanie corrected.
"Whatever! Youweredifferent."
"I was on myperiod!" Stephanie shouted back.
"No," Kacey said, shaking her head. "No, this was different. You changed yourbody chemistry, and you did it for yourself. You always, always,alwaysdo things for yourself. Only for yourself."
"I didn't hear you complaining," Stephanie shot, glaring, as she wrapped the shower robe tightly around herself.
Kacey blinked, and shook her head. Her lip quivered, and she took a step backward toward the door. Stephanie's heart tore, jaggedly, straight down the middle with every step the shorter woman took. Down the hall. Across the living room. Out the door.
Stephanie collapsed into her chair, sobbing loudly. Tears flowed down her cheeks, and her chest heaved jerkily. And yet, the burning need raged between her thighs. Like a note just beyond the edge of hearing, driving her into a frenzy. She stamped her feet in frustration, and pounded her fist against the armrest. Tires squealed loudly against the asphalt.
No point in fighting it now,whispered a small voice.She's gone, and you have needs.
Her nipples were still painfully hard. Every movement beneath her soft shower robe sent a cascade of sensations racing through her nervous system, but the drops of moisture at her nipples were nothing compared to the flood pouring out of her needy cunt. She made use of her extensive knowledge of keywords to pull up a video with a Dom she liked, and slouched.
"What a whore," the large bald man said, as he strode into frame. A small, tear-streaked girl, trussed up and bound in an elaborate device, whimpered louder with every step he took toward her. "What a dirty little whore."
Stephanie attacked her clit, trying to tame the torrent of emotions coursing through her, and brought herself to orgasm by the time his cock touched her lips for the first time...
...but it was a small orgasm. Shallow, fleeting, and utterly lacking in relief. It only made the itch beneath her skin more prominent.
Her monitor became blurry, watery. She grit her teeth and raised her foot again. Gripping the edge of her desk between her toes and the ball of her foot. Her fingers moved faster and faster, abusing her clit with equal parts aggression and anger. The girl on screen gagged powerfully, torso heaving, and Stephanie orgasmed again.
And again.
And again.
And none of them brought relief. None of them eased the growing, frantic need. She cried out, driving her foot harder into the desk, and as her wheeled chair slid backwards across the carpeted floor, her monitor toppled forward. She screamed as it hit the ground, cracking and sparking.
Stephanie's entire body shook, trembling, as she leaned forward to pick it up. She only needed to lift it partway to see the damage, complete and total, and then she threw it back down to the ground. Her frustration boiled over, becoming untenable, as she staggered as if drunk toward her bed.
**
"You look like hell," Olivia said. Stephanie made eye contact for a moment, but she could only maintain it for a short burst before the deafening drone of self-loathing overpowered her again. She trudged lifelessly, head down, toward the un-assembled sewing display that was her task for the morning. "What happened?"
"She left," Stephanie rasped. Her throat burned.
"Awww. I liked Kacey." Olivia looked up. "I mean, she's the only one of your partners that I've ever met, but still."
"Am I a monster?" She sniffled loudly, and stared at the pile of cardboard like she had no idea what to do with it. "I mean, I'm not, am I?"
"When is my birthday?" Olivia said, planting her hand on her hip.
"...March?"
"Have you ever wondered why we really only ever talk about you and your life?"
"Fuck," Stephanie sobbed.
"Hey, hey, hey," Olivia said, bringing Stephanie into a firm, warm hug. "Hey, hey, hey."
Stephane buried her face in Olivia's neck and cried. The urge to cry had been there for days, lurking just beneath the surface when it didn't have her curled up in a ball, but she had thought she was finally ready to get back to work. She was wrong, and regretted not calling out again.
"You're not a monster."
"I am!"
Olivia made calm, shushing sounds as she ran her fingernails through Stephanie's long hair. Across Stephanie's scalp. "Shhh, shhh, shhh." She waved off another employee, and led the sobbing girl back toward the bathrooms.
"Okay," Olivia said, after she finished checking the stalls for other occupants. "I'm just going to say this now so it's out there and clear. You and I are not going to fuck."
"Liv!" Stephanie whined. "That's not even...like..."
"I know that was kind of abrupt," she said, holding up her hands apologetically, "and I'm sorry for that, but I needed to say it. I'm not gonna be your safety net."
Stephanie nodded reluctantly, and crossed her arms tightly beneath her breasts as she leaned against the counter in front of the porcelain sink. A tiny part of herhadhoped.
"I'm your friend." she said meaningfully, "and you, you're, yanno... You're a good friend. I mean that. A really good friend, and it hurts me to see you like that." She walked over and stood in front of Stephanie, putting her hands on Stephanie's arms and squeezing. "You're kind of a bitch, but you'remybitch."
Stephanie chortled in the middle of her sobbing. Olivia moved her hands up to the back of Stephanie's head, and pulled it forward into her own solar plexus while Stephanie cried. "Do you want to tell me about it?"
Stephanie wiped her nose, already fretting about the disheveling effect tears have makeup, and sighed. "It's not even like there's another side to it. She was amazing, and I hurt her."
"How did you hurt her?"
"By being awful."
"Stephanie." Olivia tucked her finger under Stephanie's chin, and raised it up to meet her gaze. Stephanie shivered, wilting under that no-nonsense gaze. Tears welled in her eyes when she realized how turned on she was by that gaze. The intensity of it.
"I can't stop it," she sobbed. "I can't stop it!" She wrapped her arms around Olivia and started crying all over again. Everything came out.
Everything.
***
"Hello Stephanie."
"Hello Mr. Chase."
"She's not here."
Stephanie blinked and bit her lip, hoping for more, but Kacey's father merely stared at her with one hand on the inner door handle.
"Who is it?" called a woman's voice from deeper in the house. Mr. Chase looked over his shoulder and said nothing, but footsteps coming toward them said the speaker wouldn't settle for silence. "Who is it?"
"It's Stephanie," he said over his shoulder. "I already told her."
"Stephanie's here?"
"Yes," he said irritably, "and I already told her."
"Let me handle this."
"I already told her."
"Oh, go back to your Sportscenter," Mrs. Chase said, pushing him gently away from the door.
"Candace," he said, glaring.
"Don't mind him," Mrs. Chase said, as she stepped out onto the front porch. "He likes to pretend I never had girlfriends in college either." She smiled and put her hand on Stephanie's shoulder. "You are alovelygirl. I was really sorry to hear you two had split up."
Stephanie slumped. "She isn't here, is she?"
"No," she said, shaking her head. "And she's not staying here either, so... it isn't like you just missed her."
Stephanie sighed and nodded. "Okay." She dawdled for a moment longer, unsure of what to do with herself, before turning down the steps back toward her car. "Thank you."
"Good luck, sweetie."
***
Stephanie sighed as she locked her smartphone and slid it back into her purse. Voicemail after one ring. "Sure, she might have you blocked," Olivia had said, "but you've still gotta try." She had to take several deep breaths before she could muster the courage to walk through the doors. Early evening had always been her favorite time to go grocery shopping because it had the right mix of traffic. After the pre-dinner rush. Not too many people, but not so few that she felt like she was alone in a giant building. She immediately turned and headed for the registers, bouncing up on her toes to peer as far as she could. Leaning back and forth to look around displays.
"Can I help you?" asked another perky cashier.
"Yeah, I'm... um..." Stephanie swallowed hard. "I'm looking for Kacey?"
"Who?"
"Um... Kacey?" Stephanie frowned and tried to make approximations with her hands. "Short? Short brown hair? Pretty?"
"She was before you started," another cashier said from the next aisle over, as she worked through a towering pile of items in her lane. "She quit a few weeks ago, and hasn't been back since."
"Do you know where she is?" Stephanie asked hopefully, but the cashier merely shook their head.
"I think she said something about going to school, or maybe goingbackto school, but I don't know where."
Stephanie frowned and nodded, and thanked them as she thought. Kacey hadn't gone to college. She'd lamented the fact more than once, worrying that she'd made the wrong choice to stay at her job, but Stephanie didn't have the slightest idea where Kacey might have gone.
***
Miss You <3
"There," she says, backing away from the webcam. "I think that's on." Her voice is low, and soft, but still chipper and excited. Her hands hover just at the edges of the frame as she looks over to the blue light of her monitor for a moment. "Is that recording? Testing? Maybe?" She nods happily, and then sits down in the chair behind her. Immediately, you notice that she has nothing on under her spaghetti-strap top. The fabric is stretched tightly around her full breasts to the point that not only are her nipples visibly poking through, but you can see the color of her skin too. The pale pink of her areola, nearly indistinct from the pale flesh around it.
"Hey Baby," she says, smiling widely. The way she bounces in her chair causes her breasts to bounce as well. "I got your letter, and... Ugh!" She curls in on herself, beaming with joy. Her arms and shoulders, pressing inward, cause her breasts to squeeze together, extending her cleavage both up and down. "I love you. So much. I miss you. I wanted you to know that I'm... I'm still yours. I haven't done anything, with anyone. I'm stillfullycommitted to the long-distance thing.
"I know it's hard," she says, smile faltering just slightly. "It's been hard for me too. I wish I could see you more. I have so many things to tell you, about... ugh, my sociology classes and all the papers I have to write that I'msooooooonot looking forward to.
"I made some new friends. Not many. You know me, though. I'm not doing a ton of going out. I'm just..."
She licks her lips, and just like that, her tone changes. Becomes more serious. More intimate. "I'm so proud of you. I'm proud of you for getting accepted, and for really going after your dream. I miss you, but your dreams are more important. I'm just... I'mso proud." She pauses, and for a moment, it seems like she might cry, but then her smile gets even wider.
"Anyway," she says, energy level ramping right back up, "I'm going to write you a letter back, just like we have been, but I wanted to shoot a little video for you too." She twists coyly, smiling and posing just a bit. "Something to help you remember that I love you, and that I want you, and that all this..." She turns again, twisting and gesturing at herself from the shoulders down. "... is waiting.
"Now remember," she says, getting stern for just a moment. "Don't show this to anyone. This is just for you. I don't know what I'd do if Jimmy, or any of your other buddies saw this. If they're there now, please please please stop it before this goes any further." She bites her lip adorably as she pauses, tilting her head slightly. "Are we alone?"
"Okay." She slides her chair back even further, grinning. You can see she's wearing no panties, or anything at all beyond her sheer top. She slides a little lower in her chair, slouching, and lifts her right leg up onto the edge of the desk just below the frame. Her legs part, exposing and spreading her wet lips. She reaches down, biting her lip again, and spreads her lips a bit more with her index and middle fingers. "I've really, really missed you." Tiny wet sounds, fluid bubbles cracking and forming. "I've missed you. I've missed your body." She groans, leaning her into the back of her chair. "God, I've missed your body. Some days, it's all I can think about." She absently runs her middle finger down between her outer lips, toying gently with her clit, and moans.
"I've missed having you inside me, Baby." She whimpers softly, voice low, as she shifts her hips to spread herself even wider. Her middle finger slides down, winding between pouting lips, and sinks slowly into her vulva. Disappearing one knuckle at a time. She moans, deeper, as she works her finger in and out. "Oh, God I've missed you."
Two fingers. The middle and ring fingers, working in and out of her, while the index and pinky fingers stretch out to either side. Soft, gentle wet sounds, as she fingers herself. Slightly faster.
"I've missed your voice. I've missed listening to you tell me about your day. Oh!" she moans, working faster. "Fuck, I've missed listening to you whisper to me when we fuck, and goooood... God, I've missed fucking you."
She writhes in her chair, torso sliding back and forth. Her left hand comes up to clutch at her breast. Grabbing indelicately, and squeezing tightly through her shirt. "I've missed," she gasps, "feeling your breath on my skin. Missed having the smell of you on me."
"I've-nnngh... I've missed the way you laugh after you cum." Her voice, while still soft, sounds more strained. Purposeful, and laden with effort. "I've missed your smile. I've missed your hands on my-nnnngh! On my body."
She grunts and sits forward suddenly. Her shirt comes off in a blur, ripped over her head, and she tosses it to the side. "I've been saving these for you," she whispers, cupping her breasts. "They're yours. Yours, and no one else's." The rounded flesh swells outward at a firm squeeze of her fingers. She purses her lips and makes a quiet kiss sound right in front of the camera, and reaches off-screen for her dildo as she leans back into the chair. It takes her a moment to get settled, as she fidgets back into position, and she bites her lip as she stares at the camera.
"I can't stop thinking about you. Ever. You're there in all of my fantasies." She grins, head shrinking into her shoulders a bit. "You know how I love to fantasize." She leans forward, looking down, and lines up the dildo with her cunt. Her jaw falls away, lips pursed with a long, low moan, as she slowly inserts the pink plastic. "Oh fuck," she whimpers. "Oh fuck."
She gets the dildo in about halfway before leaning back in the chair again, and looks up to stare at the camera. "I've missed the way you touch me. Fuck. Fuck, I hope you're touching yourself right now. Fuck."
"I remember how much you used to need this," she says, "and I hope you still do. I hope you still need me." Her cheeks flush, turning redder and redder. Voice low and intimate. "I hope you need me as much as I still need you."
She runs her finger over the end of the dildo, and the vibrations come to life. Her face lights up, and she gives another long, low moan.
"I miss... I miss..." She rolls her head from side to side, and lets go of the vibrator to feather her clit again. "I miss staying up and talking through all the TV shows, and then being like 'wait, what just happened?'." She giggles softly, but the motion is completely undercut by heaving gasps as she brings herself closer and closer. "I miss... I miss cooking for you, and I miss when you'd cook for me. I miss your lemon chi-hi-hiiii..." She bites down hard on her lips and hums, trying to hold back. Trying to stop what is at this point inevitable. "I miss... I miss... your nose! I miss your nose, and that thing you do with your tonnnnnnnnnnnng..."
She whines, squealing as she orgasms. Holding her breath. Veins in her forehead pop, and the muscles in her abs and neck press out through the skin. "Oh Fuck," she moans, without stopping. Fingers working even faster. "I miss... Oh fuck. I misssss... Fuck!" No rest. No pause. Her legs quiver as the aftershocks become full-fledged earthquakes of their own. Wracking her body. Decimating her.
"I miss you," she moans. "I miss you!"
She finally slows to a halt, panting and sweating. Gasping for air. She smiles, tiredly, and blushes again. "I can't believe I just did that," she whispers, and reaches for the webcam. "Remember. No one else can see this!"
***
Stephanie sat back in her desk chair and sighed happily. Another one in the can. The video quality was much lower, as she was trying to go for a lo-fi retro webcam feel, and she hoped people would appreciate that instead of just griping that they couldn't see her tits in HD. Really, though, there was only one person she hoped would like it. She copied and pasted the video description she'd already written up, with a meticulous listing of triggers, and then paused.
And then deleted it all.
She took a deep breath and rewrote it, taking more care than she ever had to make sure the wording was just right. Hitting all the right notes. Layering in a few inside jokes that only Kacey would get. It was her Hail Mary, and she said a little prayer as she started the upload process to Pornhub.
***
Stephanie chewed absently on a mouthful of spinach as she flipped through her phone. Her Facebook feed was becoming tedious to sift through, and she knew she was on the verge of doing an extensive cleanup of her 'friends' list. To start.
She poked at her salad and sighed. The food court bustled around her. She felt like an island in the middle of a stream, and cursed herself for being lured in by a Memorial Day sale even though shehadsaved a good amount of money. She knew she didn't need any more bras, but there were three in her bag, and they fit well, and they were cute. Stephanie took another bite and sighed.
Suddenly, her phone chirped at her. She blinked as she thumbed into her messenger app, and stared at just one word.
"Um... Ma'am?"
Stephanie gasped and turned, a little shocked at being addressed out of the blue. An older man, in his early forties, smiled at her.
"Are you okay?"
"What?"
"You were crying."
"I wa...?" Stephanie looked back at her phone and nodded. "Yeah," she said. "Yeah, the-these are good tears."
Hey, the text said.
//Follow-up note:Votes and comments are dearly appreciated. This is one of seven stories I'll be uploading (hopefully) on successive days. If you liked this, stay tuned and be sure to check out the others!//