3 The Beautiful Disaster that is Cobalt
This is a work of fiction. The Frost School for Gifted Women is a college. All characters are over 18; we checked IDs. 18 to party, 21 to drink. This is part two of the prequel.
The reading order is as such:
1 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess
2 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess: And So We Fight
3 Rise of the Bubblegum Princess: Our Teeth And Ambitions Are Bared
4 The Beautiful Disaster That Is Cobalt 1 (Rise...prequel)
5 The Beautiful Disaster that is Cobalt 2 (prequel continuation)
6 The Beautiful Disaster that is Cobalt 3 (ditto)
*******************
Behind the counter is a short, petite girl with dark curls, a round baby face, slanted eyes, and puffy lips. She's wearing something that a little girl might wear in a very girly pastel yellow. She approaches the foursome.
Performing a curtsey, she says, "Hello, Ma'ams , my name is Missy and I'm here to assist you with whatever you need."
With a twinkle in her eye, Domino replies, "We all want outfits that match our personal styles, Missy."
Becky and Sabine seem okay with getting an outfit there. Cobalt looks mortified at the proposition of wearing anything on display.
Seeing Cobalt's demeanor, Missy selects her to be her victim. Approaching the Princess of Cats, Missy asks, "Would you be the model for the girls to decide what outfits they would like to purchase?"
With very serious cool, Cobalt lets Missy know that's never going to happen, and that she'll need to pick someone else.
Missy smiles and points to Cobalt . "I'll comp all the dresses if Mrs. Stubborn here will model my creations."
With agitation, Cobalt snarls, "Why the fuck would I want any of this stuff? It's not my style."
The red-eyed woman, Domino pulls Cobalt to the side and pleads with her to do this. Domino confesses that she loves this kind of stuff but can't afford it. "Please," she begs.
Responding to Domino's plea, Cobalt grinds her teeth. "You're asking a fucking lot from me Domino - seriously, a lot."
"I'm begging you. Please! I'll do anything. You can ask me for anything."
Finally relenting, Cobalt turns to Missy. "It would be an honor to model your amazing clothes."
Missy, getting her way, smiles. "Excellent." She escorts Cobalt back to the dressing area. Becoming an expert at getting undressed, Cobalt strips down to her underwear. Missy motions that the rest of her garments need to come off.
Pulling her panties and bra off, Cobalt asks, "Is this where your plan stops?"
With a confident smirk, Missy replies, "No, silly! My stuff's all custom, from the lingerie to the dress. Everything is designed to work together."
Missy hands Cobalt a white dress trimmed with pink and blue trim. It gives off strongAlice in Wonderlandvibes. It comes with a pink paw brooch, pink bell collar, pink panties, pink bra, and pink garter belts attached to white stockings. Missy puts on the finishing touches: a little makeup and a pink hair bow.
The Kodachi informs Missy she'll pick the music to walk out to. Missy agrees to the simple request, and the show begins.
The first notes of Bon Jovi's 'Wanted Dead or Alive' fills the air of the mini-stage area. Domino, Sabine and Becky have taken their seats. Cobalt busts through the curtain. The girls holler and clap as the blue-streaked girl does a sexy strut to the end of the catwalk. Blowing a kiss to Sabine, she struts back to the back to change clothes. With a few quick outfit changes, Cobalt has successfully completed the fashion show.
Domino and Missy seem to have a strong connection to each other. She actually offers Domino a work opportunity to make some money, or clothes, if she likes.
Cobalt takes a look around, astonished by the number of bags. Cobalt only has one, but the other girls each have four or five.
Continuing the mall adventure, the girls hit the food court for a break and lunch. The ensemble is chatting amongst itself when Sabine leans over to slip Cobalt a deep, passionate kiss on the lips. It immediately draws the ire of a group of fuckbois.
They try to get some attention by catcalling the girls. They do, after a fashion. Becky, the petite redhead, turns into a shrinking violet, but Domino, the large, red-eyed warrior, gets angry.
It seems to not even phase Cobalt and Sabine. They continue their conversation, ignoring the obnoxious group of teenagers. In a fit of pure, petulant anger, one hurls a milkshake at the ensemble of women. With her cat-like reflexes, Cobalt grabs her plastic tray, using it like Captain America's shield to block the projectile. She knocks it to the floor; the boy who threw it is stunned. Sending the plastic tray flying at his shins, Cobalt takes his legs out from under him.
The other delinquents start laughing like the hyenas they are. Pushing himself off the ground, the fuckboi's anger swirls around him.
Cobalt senses what's about to happen and gives him an out. "Don't do it. I'm not going to tell you whether a bruised ego hurts worse than broken ribs, but I can tell you that if you push me, you'll be carted out of here with both."
The rest of the crew can see how dangerous Cobalt is. They drag their pouting friend away. He does a mediocre job of pretending he wants to stay and fight.
With a look of awe, Domino asks, "How did you do that?"
With her patented cocky smile, Cobalt replies, "Practice, training, and my mother."
****************
A week later, Cobalt and Sabine are going over the files from Mrs. Greed's computer.
"Okay, so, apparently this outside company known as Imperium has a facility under the fucking science lab, and it definitely has ties to the Blue Ribbon bitches. But it looks like even Mrs. Greed isn't completely in the loop. She's actually an agent for something called the Princess Network. I think she's doing the same thing as us: trying to find out what Imperium is up to."
Taking in the information, Cobalt replies, "So, we need to talk with Mrs. Greed and do some snooping in the Blue Ribbon club house."
Closing her laptop, Sabine replies, "I'm not dealing with Mrs. Greed. Bitch is crazy. I'll break into the club house; you go fuck crazy." She tosses Cobalt a strap-on. Doing a finger gun gesture "You're gonna need that Princess."
With a big grin, Cobalt says, "Yeah, she really is a freak in the sheets." Cobalt stuffs some more sex toys in a bag, then heads over to Mrs. Greed's office.
The Princess of Cats strolls right into the main office. Mrs. Greed's secretary, Mrs.Pratt, doesn't even look up from her book as Cobalt passes and enters the headmistress' office.
Sitting behind her desk, Mrs. Greed looks up, seeing the Princess of Cats. "Cobalt. So cavalier entering my office."
Cobalt lets her sexy, aggressive, domineering side out to play. She turns the full weight of her gaze onto her slut. "That's not how you address me, slut!"
Casting her eyes down, Mrs. Greed replies, "Sorry, Mrs. Cobalt."
With a reassuring tone, Cobalt says, "Better. Now come here and kneel in front of me."
"Yes, Mrs. Cobalt. May I close the blinds and lock the door first?"
With a smile, Cobalt replies, "Yes you may, pet."
Quickly closing the blinds and locking the door, Mrs. Slut takes her place kneeling in front of Cobalt.
With a flicker of lust in her green eyes, the Princess of Cats looks down on Mrs. Slut like a lion does a rabbit. "Open your mouth and call yourself a slut."
Mrs. Slut whispers, "I'm a slut!"
With a quick slap across her slut's face, Cobalt says, "That was pathetic! Do it again."
Eyes cast downward, Mrs. Slut tries again with a little more boldness. "I'm a slut."
Cobalt shoves the plug in her mouth. "Get it wet. It's going up your tight little ass."
Mrs. Slut, living up to her name, moans from behind the plug.
With lust burning in her eyes, Cobalt says, "You're gonna love it when I shove this up your ass, aren't you, slut?"
Mrs. Slut nods vigorously in affirmation.
The green-eyed, raven-haired woman flashes a wicked smile at her little slut. "I want you to bend over your desk and lift your skirt so I can slide this up your ass."
The headmistress, now completely lost in her sub space, does as she's told, leaning over her desk and lifting her skirt, revealing only bare skin - no panties.
Cobalt saunters over to her slut. Rubbing her ass, she says, "I'm gonna put this up your ass now. Are you ready?"
She doesn't wait for a response this time. The plug slides into the slut's rectum with a 'plop', and little to no resistance.
Mrs. Greed gasps, "Thank you, Mrs. Cobalt."
Cobalt gently caresses the cute ass of Mrs. Greed and instructs the headmistress to."Take a seat at your desk now."
Mrs. Slut sits behind her desk. It pushes the plug further up her ass, raising her sexual excitement to the red line. Even so, her posture is perfect - ever the model of primness and propriety.
The raven-haired woman takes her place on the slut's desk. With some erotic moves, she crosses its surface, sitting at the edge nearest Mrs. Greed, Cobalt places her legs on either side of her new fuck toy.
Her voice rolls down Slut's back like mink's fur. "Now, slut, we are gonna play like I know you want to. First, you're gonna answer some questions for me. Then you'll get your playtime." Cobalt pulls her new plaid skirt up revealing a cute pink thong.
Mrs. Slut's eyes get big at the opportunity to play with the wild, reckless, untamed sexual creature in front of her. "Very well, Mrs.Cobalt. What questions do you have for me?"
Leaning back, Cobalt asks, "Who are you, really? You're more than some fucking headmistress."
Mrs. Slut's eyes betray her; she flinches ever-so-slightly at the accusation. "I don't know what you mean, Mrs. Cobalt."
Cobalt slaps the headmistress across the face and the sound booms off the walls. "Don't lie to me!"
The slap catches Mrs. Greed off guard, making her quickly rethink her strategy against her young opponent.
Cobalt presses her, without a trace of sympathy in her voice. "Now, slut, you wanna try again? You're part of something called the Princess Network."
Putting her hands on Cobalt's thighs, Mrs. Slut takes a deep breath. "My files. The last time you and Sabine were here. Clever girls. Yes, I am part of the Princess Network. To be specific, I'm an agent of the Blackstone Academy. I'm here for the research that Imperium is conducting in their science lab, to make sure everything is disclosed."
Taking a deep breath, Cobalt continues her interrogation. "The Princess Network, what's that about?"
Mrs. Slut gives the young warrior a bullshit answer that it's an info network for major corporations.
Cobalt, looking down on Mrs. Slut, says, "You're lying to me about the Princess Network, but since it's not my mission, I don't fucking care." Placing her hand around Mrs. G's throat and squeezing. "But your lies are irking me, do not continue to try my patience." The green-eyed warrior grabs the lowly slut, yanking her head back into a very painful position. "Don't ever lie to me again."
Whimpering, Mrs. Slut says, "I won't ever again. Please forgive me, Mrs. Cobalt."
Shoving her head away, Cobalt says, "Okay, here's the deal: you run cover for me and Sabine. We'll get down to that lab and copy the data. You'll get a copy. Win-win, the enemy of my enemy, all that shit."
With an impish grin, Slut asks, "Shall we seal our deal with a kiss, Mrs. Cobalt?"
Fighting back her grin and losing, the Princess of Cats definitely agrees. Mrs. Slut jams her face into Cobalt's crotch, ripping her thong apart and burying her face into her mistress's wet and waiting snatch..
The blue-streaked, green-eyed girl tosses her head back, letting out a mewling sound, moaning at the new, pleasurable intrusion of a tongue along her outer labia.
Continuing her tongue-flicking, Mrs. Slut pulls Cobalt's inner labia into her mouth and sucks it, causing more moans and mewling sounds to escape Cobalt's pursed lips.
Moving her head from the Kodachi's crotch, Mrs. G giggles a little. "I've got some toys stashed in my drawer. May I use them on you?"
The blue-streaked woman grins. "Yes you may, slut. Let's break out your toys."
Reaching into her top desk drawer, Mrs. G pulls out an eight-inch pink dildo. With the warmup licking she's been giving Cobalt's cunt, it's dripping wet. She quickly slides the dildo deep into the raven-haired girl's pussy.
The sudden intrusion into Cobalt's dripping snatch causes the girl to howl as her first orgasm rolls through her body.
Seeing the wild sexual energy flow through the statuesque Princess of Cats, Mrs. Greed slides the dildo fully into Cobalt's oh so ready slit, coating it in a thick layer of nectar. Sliding it free from the green-eyed Kodachi's slit, the headmistress begins licking the used toy like a popsicle. The taste of the wild-eyed warrior's sexual nectar is enough to bring another orgasm to Mrs. Greed's aching crotch.
Mrs. Slut thinks to herself, Fuck! This girl drives me crazy with her sexual prowess. I'm so fucking horny.
The toy slides into the aching snatch of the Princess of Cats. Running her hand over Cobalt's mons pubis, she places her thumb on the Princess of Cats' clit stroking in a circular motion. Mrs. Slut works the toy in and out of the blue-streaked woman, who moans in sheer pleasure at the attention being given to her most intimate of parts.
Lost riding her sexual high, Cobalt's thoughts race across her mind.Oh, shit! Another orgasm! Fuckthis bitch is good!
Cobalt gives herself over to the rising pleasure. The Princess of Cats' body begins to tremble in the combination post- and pre-orgasmic state it's in. Cobalt finally succumbs to the orgasm that rolls through her body, and it's the biggest one she's had yet.
Catching her breath, Cobalt grabs her bag, pulling out her strap-on and her trusty paddle. The wooden paddle has the word 'SLUT' carved into it so that, with forceful enough swats, the word is left branded on the victim's ass. She makes an erotic show of pulling the strapon up her legs, slipping one end into her super wet and oh-so-ready pussy.
Cobalt presents the longer, more-phallic end to her new little fuck toy to suck and get ready for her cute, plump rump. The fallen headmistress begins rolling her tongue over the tip, then takes the dildo deep into her mouth. Soon enough, her nose is touching Cobalt's mons pubis, the blue-streaked warrior has no pubes.
Mrs. Greed moves her hand into her crotch, sliding two fingers deep into her sloshing pussy, bringing her own orgasm along like a speeding locomotive. Her nectar has leaked down her thighs and into her stockings. She switches from fingering to slapping her pussy, causing muffled moans inside her filled mouth.
Pulling herself free of the strapon for a moment, she asks, "Are you enjoying the show, Mrs. Cobalt?"
With a smile, Cobalt replies, "Oh, Abso-fuckin-lutely my little fuck toy. The show is making me so wet."
A wide grin crosses the face of the formerly-proud headmistress. "Are you gonna plow me now, Mrs. Cobalt? Are you gonna plow my plump rump?"
Taking control of her little slut by the hair, the Kodachi bends her over her desk and picks up her paddle. "Maybe. First, I'm gonna tan your ass to a cherry red - no exception, no excuses, you will take it. Understood, slut?"
Biting her lip in anticipation, Mrs. Slut wiggles her ass, begging for the spanking to begin. Winding up, the Princess of Cats brings the paddle crashing down on Mrs. Greed's unprotected ass, which coaxes delicate moans of pleasure from the submissive painslut's mouth.
After the first ten strikes, the slut has already had three mini-orgasms and is spurting nectar from her pussy. "You're the best, Mrs.Cobalt," she groans out.
Cobalt gives the slut another ten strikes, turning her ass the promised color. After that, she carefully caresses Mrs. G's battered booty, offering reassuring words of how happy she is with her toy's behavior.
Kissing her new toy's neck, she whispers, "Are you ready to get fucked?"
The Princess of Cats reaches into the top drawer, pulling out some lube and smearing it generously on the strapon. Begins applying the lube to the headmistress' ass, sliding her fingers in deep, drawing sexy moans from the butt-slut's mouth.
Leaning in and kissing her neck again, Cobalt says, "I want you to spread your cheeks and beg me to fuck your ass."
The fallen headmistress reaches back, and pulls her cheeks apart. "Please, Mrs.Cobalt; please violate my ass. Fuck me like the slut I am."
Cobalt slams the dildo in all the way, taking her slut fully, pounding her own pelvis and hips into the older woman's fat ass. The dominant, violent intrusion sends another orgasm through the slut's body as she begins drooling on her desk. Moans of pleasure easily escape her slackened mouth. Feeling that orgasm roll through her body, she tries holding the orgasm back.
Catching her fuck toy's attempt at stopping her orgasm, the Princess of Cats begins pumping her tool even harder into the wanton slut's ass, bringing even more pain-that-is-pleasure to her masochistic body. Lashing out in a mindless sexual frenzy, the headmistress strikes her keyboard causing Nine Inch Nails' 'Closer' to begin playing.
The music seems to drive Cobalt harder, which in turn brings orgasm after orgasm to the little fuck toy under her control. After her multiple orgasms, Mrs. Slut squirts all over her floor as she falls back off the desk collapsing into Cobalt's arms. The raven-haired warrior cuddles the completely spent headmistress as the final, tinny tones of the song chime. The blue-streaked badass kisses her little slave-slut on the lips.
With a sigh of contentment, Mrs. Slut feels the sincerity of Cobalt's love and affection for her.
*************
The purple-haired Duchess of the Kodachi has always been more at home behind a keyboard than out in the field. Sabine, working the lock on the Blue Ribbon bitches' club room, grumbles to herself. It's taking her longer than three seconds to pick, which is embarrassing.
Finally solving the lock, she pushes the door open and slowly enters. She checks all the blind spots, scans for cameras, and makes sure she's alone. Satisfied, she begins her search for clues. She's struck by how immaculate the place is.
Fuck. These girls are more OCD about organization than I am.
Pulling up a chair to take her place behind the computer, Sabine goes to work. Sifting through the files, the Kodachi is startled by the door swinging open. She ducks behind the desk, not knowing whether she made it in time.
Then, the sudden intruder speaks. "Sabine, it's me, Becky. I came to help you."
With an exasperated tone, Sabine whispers, "Fuck!", then rushes over to silence her friend. "Quiet!" she hisses. She takes the petite redhead's hand and leads her back to the computer. Continuing where she left off, Sabine easily penetrates the computer's basic password protections. Soon, she's scanning files in the clear. She comes across Domino's name. She's listed as having joined the Blue Ribbon bitches - or, rather, it seems that her mother, Mrs. Amelia-Elara, signed her up.
Clicking her tongue, Sabine says, "No, no, no, this is very bad... but we have time. We will keep her safe. She's part of our crew."
Sabine's skills really shine through as she works her magic on the keyboard. Scanning through the data Sabine moves through it like a cyber ninja.
******************
Sabine walks into her room with Becky in tow. She sees Cobalt and Domino, and can't help but notice the smell of sex wafting off of her lover.
Sabine smirks, knowing Cobalt just got done fucking Mrs. Greed. "Really, CK? You couldn't grab a shower yet?"
Grinning, the Princess of Cats sniffs her underarm. "I'm still good - wearing deodorant."
Shaking her head, Sabine says, "Not sure that's where the smell is coming from."
Cobalt busts out laughing. "I think you're getting wet, Tidbit! You wanted to see me in action, huh? That really gets your motor running."
The very thought of Cobalt fucking Mrs. G again causes an involuntary moan to slip from Sabine's lips. She covers her mouth, then takes a seat. Becky takes a spot near Cobalt, hugging her leg.
The purple-haired girl starts the meeting, asking Cobalt, "What did you learn from Mrs. G, other than some new amazing sexual technique?"
Cobalt retorts savagely. "Petty isn't a pretty color on you, babe." Still, she knows to get down to business. "Mrs. Greed's part of something called the Princess Network. She's actually an agent for a group called Blackstone Academy. The headmistress says it's an information network. She's lying, of course, but it's not important what they do at this time. She's agreed to help us in exchange for a copy of the data. She'll keep our cover and help us break into the lab under the science building."
Taking note of what Cobalt said, Sabine adds her own discoveries. "So, bad news, Big Red."
Domino perks up and starts paying attention.
"Your mom sold you to Imperium," Sabine says, showing the payment and order of release to Domino.
Furious, Domino snarls, "That bitch! She can't do this! I'm a legal adult."
"Deep breath," Sabine says. "I don't think Imperium is going to care. They're gonna come for you, and I don't think it's an optional thing."
The red-eyed warrior is breathing quickly, on the verge of a panic attack. Sabine pulls her in close. "Hey, don't worry," she says. "We said we had your back. No way we let those Blue Ribbon bitches have you - I swear to you! Isn't that right, CK?"
Putting her arm around Domino too, Cobalt comforts her. "Hey, don't sweat it. I'll call my mom. She'll take you in and train you... if that's something you actually want?"
With a shocked look, Domino asks "Are you serious? No bullshit? You'll send me to where you trained?"
Cobalt shrugs. "Sure. Be careful what you wish for, but yeah, she'll train you." She also mumbles under her breath, "might put you in the hospital a few times, forget your birthday, always have to be the goddam center of attention..."
Cutting off Cobalt, Sabine continues, "Okay babe, I know you have mommy issues, but let's not get off track, okay?"
Getting no sass - much to her surprise - Sabine returns to business at hand. "Looking at our options, I think the best approach is to use Domino as bait. When they make their move on her, she'll message us. We'll jump them, free her, and then use their credentials to ride down the elevator."
Taking in what Sabine just said, Cobalt replies, "I agree, only we won't have our gear - only what we can stash under these ridiculously small uniforms. So it will be an unarmed blitz attack."
Tapping her chin, Domino speaks up. "What if we prep your tac vest and stash it in the entrance to the science lab?"
Cobalt and Sabine look at each other, nodding in unison. "That's exactly what we will do."
Becky joins the hug. "I wish there was something I could do to help."
Pulling Becky close, Sabine whispers, "You're going to help me with the Princess. You're gonna help me spit roast Cobalt."
Becky blushes, and giggles, and nods in her affirmation, looking at Cobalt with lust.
Standing up and grabbing her shower stuff, Cobalt begins heading to the door. Domino stops her. "Can I stay here tonight? I'm still coming to grips about my mother selling me off."
Sabine slips her arm around Cobalt. "I think she wants to join us in bed, naked."
Becky's eyes light up like a cokehead. "Hey! I don't want to be left out. I wanna stay too."
Smirking, Cobalt responds, "Guess I'm not taking a shower after all."
With her trademark impish grin, Sabine says, "I seem to recall you're supposed to get tied to the bed and ravaged. I think we can skip the securing-you-down part and just go with the ravaging."
The Princess of Cats suddenly feels a rush of hands running over her entire body, paying especially close attention to her intimate parts. She gasps in pleasure as involuntary mewls slip from between her pursed lips. She does her best to not let it happen again, but, like so many times before, her best probably isn't going to be good enough.
Domino sinks her teeth into the side of Cobalt's neck, immediately drawing out another mewling sound. Planting a quick kiss on the flustered Princess of Cats, she asks, "You do know you make a meowing sound in your moans, right?"
Blushing, the blue-streaked warrior nods. "Yeah, it always happens when I get excited.":
Running her fingers along Cobalt's apple-like bottom, Domino lifts her fingers to the hem of Cobalt's shirt and begins pulling it off. She peels off her own right afterwards, then tosses them both away. It causes a cascading effect of clothes being removed; a tornado of colored fabric erupts in the room.
Sabine begins pinching Cobalt's nipples firmly, drawing another mewling moan from her lover. "We always called her the Princess of Cats behind her back."
With a huge smile, Becky asks, "Why did they call her the Princess of Cats?"
With a little giggle, Sabine pulls a little harder on the very-erect nipples of her lover, causing the Kodachi to squeak out another mewling sound. "Well, no matter how many times you knock this bitch down," she says, "she always lands on her feet like a fucking cat."
With a gentle tug the red-eyed woman with black and red streaked hair brings Cobalt onto the bed with Domino being under the Princess of Cats. Seizing the opportunity to begin running her hands over the Kodachi's athletic body. Caressing every curve of the pearl like skin. Brings a breathless feeling to Domino's body and a fire and ache to her crotch,
Big red's hands freely explore the Kodachi's pert erect nipples that sparkle, seemingly begging for attention. Pulling them sharply causes another mewling sound to escape the blue-streaked women's lips.
Sabine takes the opportunity to lay Becky down. She begins running her manicured hands over the redhead's petite body. Her fingers travel down to the downy fluff of Becky's red pubic hair, and between her puffy wet pussy lips.
Gathering some of the petite redhead's nectar on her finger, she lifts it up and slides into her own mouth, licking it slowly. Teasing the squirming little girl in front of her, who's begging to feel her touch once again. Becky bites her lip, pouting, hoping to entice the purple-haired Duchess to ravage her milky skin with her mouth.
Lowering her face to Becky's C cup chest, Sabine begins suckling one of her erect nipples while gently messaging the other breast with her deft fingers. The redhead's body responds instantly. Sabine can see and feel her chest rising and falling faster.
Sabine runs her hands over the petite girl's surprisingly-broad hips, then plunges two fingers deep into Becky's waiting twat. Working her fingers upward and massaging the insides of Becky's slick slit.
The cutest little moans escape Becky's pouting lips as she turns to Domino. She grabs at the red-eyed woman, kissing her deeply. She rolls her tongue around, inviting Domino to ravage her mouth.
Lovingly the Princess of Cats gives Sabine a deep passionate kiss on the lips. Sending a thrill straight to Sabine's pussy causing it to ache for more.
The proud Kodachi turns her attention back to the bounty laying before her, in the form of the 6'0" tall red-eyed Domino, her massive D-cups begging to be played with.
Cobalt begins messaging Domino's giant breasts pulling a nipple while suckling the free nipple.
The red-eyed Domino runs her fingers through the Princess of Cats' long black hair with its baby blue streaks and her emerald fire-like eyes. Cobalt kisses her way down the firm tummy of Big Red. Finally reaching her mon pubis that's been shaved clean. Pressing the flat of her tongue to the entirety of Domino's pussy Cobalt licks it firmly with one pass, causing Domino to gasp. The Princess of Cats runs her tongue along the outer labia, suckling her inner labia and sliding a finger deep into Domino's love tunnel. Domino's second orgasm rockets to the surface. The red-eyed girl moans deeply into Becky's hungry mouth.
Handing a double ended dildo to Cobalt, Sabine grins and slips on her strapon. She signals Becky to begin sucking her strapon. Moving into position the petite redhead begins rolling her tongue over the tip of the toy before taking it all the way down her throat.
Stroking Becky's cheek Sabine says, "You're an absolute beauty Becky, you make me so wet."
Between bobs of the strapon the petite redhead replies. "Yes Mrs. Sabine thank you for letting me get your toy ready."
Laying back Becky spreads her legs and begs Sabine to fuck her. Sabine obliges by pushing the strapon deep into Becky's fiery crotch. The sexiest sloshing sound ever is followed by a gasping moan of pleasure.
The Duchess of the Kodachi begins pumping her hips, drilling the strapon deep into Becky's little twat. The first of many orgasm rolls through Becky causing her to shake and scream Sabine's name.
Drawing even more sexual excitement from Becky calling her name, Sabine reaching down takes Becky's nipples pinching and pulling, delivering more pleasure. Becky feels another orgasm beginning in her pussy and flowing out to the rest of her body. Not relenting, Sabine really begins working the toy in Becky's sloppy pussy.
Moving from playing with Becky's nipples. Sabine wraps her arms around Becky's waist, really working to drive her strapon deep into her slick slit.
Getting her end of the Double Ended Dildo nice and wet, Domino moves the now slickened end to her moist and glistening pussy. The red-eyed woman has never been so horny in her life, she's never been driven to such a sexual frenzy. Sliding the dildo in, her pussy offers no resistance, merely a sloshing sound from the penetration.
Following Domino's lead Cobalt slides her end of the toy into her own honey pot. Both girls on their backs begin thrusting into each other bringing on the pleasure their needy pussies desire.
Feeling an orgasm begin to build in her pulsing crotch Domino begins moaning. "Fuck, so good, so fuckin good."
The Kodachi moves so she is straddling Domino's leg and begins fucking her bringing another series of small orgasms. Getting her own orgasm from the red-eyed woman
Cobalt's uncontrollable mewling moans and the dildo working in and out of her pussy push Domino to her sexual limit. But the charismatic Kodachi pushes just a little harder past even Domino's wildest dreams.
Cobalt feeling her energy dwindling and needing to catch her breath slows to a stop.
The red-eyed woman Domino seizes the opportunity to flip the position on Cobalt. With a gasp the mighty Kodachi warrior is on her back and at the mercy of the red-eyed woman Domino.
Thrusting her hips, big red leans in, bites Cobalt's lower lip whispering. "God you're so fucking cute right now!"Domino continues pumping her hips bringing yet another orgasm to the Princess of Cats' already exhausted body.
After her fourth or fifth orgasm Becky is a puddle of pure sexual bliss. Taskmaster Sabine stops pumping into Becky's battered pussy, and demands Becky turn her attention to Cobalt.
With great enthusiasm Becky attacks Cobalt beginning by fiercely pulling and sucking on the raven-haired woman's nipples. Causing the Kodachi to groan in pleasure. Allowing the little mewling sounds to escape as well as her groans of immense pleasure.
Like a warrior returning from battle tired but victorious, Sabine removes her strapon harness dropping it in a chair and stretches her luscious body that is slick with sweat and her own sexual juices.
Looking at her little blue devil being ravaged is almost enough to send another orgasm racing through Sabine's loins.
Spralling in the chair, Sabine notices the dildo glistening with Becky's juices. Taking the dildo out of the harness, she begins licking it clean and playing with her very sopping wet twat with her free hand.
Sabine moves the dildo from her mouth to her pussy while viciously pulling on her nipple. Sabine is drawn into a state of sexual excitement from her self stimulation and the sight of her Cobalt being ravaged by Becky and Domina.
The all out assault by Domina and Becky is playing the Princess of Cats' pussy and nipples like a tightly-strung, finely-tuned instrument. Under the unrelenting attack, Cobalt arches her back and yells out a final squirting orgasm.
Cobalt's powerful squirting orgasm, sets off Sabine's own orgasm. As her tired, sore and exhausted body stops trembling, Sabine curls up with her three friends and sleeps through the night in pure bliss.
*******************
The Princess of Cats awakens in a very familiar position - Domino's hand on her right boob, Sabine's hand on her left boob, and Becky between her legs using her pussy like a pillow.
An annoyed Cobalt demands. "OH COME ON! SERIOUSLY! AGAIN! HOW IS IT I'M EVERYONE'S GODDAMN BODY PILLOW!"
Groaning and yawning, Sabine tells Cobalt to stop complaining.
Being pinned down to the bed, Cobalt's only choice was to lay there and go back to sleep. After a few more hours the quartet of girls begins to stir starting the school day.
Mid day gym class Cobalt, Sabine, and Domino haven't dressed out for gym class and are sitting in the non participation area of class. Today is the day Imperium is coming to collect Domino.
Two impeccably dressed women, one blonde one brunette, approach the trio chilling on the bleachers. The Imperium agents have an orange 15 on the left pocket of their dress jackets.
The Imperium agents project an air of danger that would stop anyone with any sense of self preservation from willingly following the two women. Making it clear that no is not an option they ask Domino to come with them so they can enroll her in the Blue Ribbon Society.
Getting a reassuring nod from Cobalt, Domino goes with them peacefully. Once they round the corner, Cobalt and Sabine take off running to the science building.
In what must be a school record the Kodachi burst through the doors grabbing the tac vest they have stashed in the entrance way. Ducking around the corner the couple wait for their friends' captors to show.
Pulling Sabine close, "Hey Tidbit, I know field stuff isn't your strong suit so we'll use the tasers on these bitches. We'll rush the pair when they get in the elevator. You hit the one on the right I'll go left. I'll secure them and then we'll search the lab for the data."
Sabine takes a deep breath to settle her nerves, says "thanks CK," and gives her lover a quick kiss.
Cobalt puts her fist out, "Take what you can."
Sabine smiling, "And give nothing back." As she returns the fist bump.
Watching the elevators sure enough the two Barbie's are opening the elevator with Domino in tow. Cobalt and Sabine spring into action. Like a well trained ninja team, the Kodachi hit both targets simultaneously bringing Domino's would-be captors down. After a quick search Cobalt secures the Barbies in a very compromising position.
Domino catches her breath. "Fuck that was scary as hell. I knew you guys wouldn't let me down but that still really sucked."
Noticing Cobalt's handy work Sabine gives the Princess of Cats a disapproving look as Cobalt puts the handcuffs she acquired away.
Trying to hide her smile Cobalt replies. "Oh come on Tidbit they were gonna hurt Domino they deserve it."
Grabbing the blue-streaked woman by her tac vest Domino plants a deep kiss of thanks on her lips. "I don't care what Cobalt does as long as I'm not turned into a Blue Ribbon Bitch."
The elevator door opens revealing the lab is just three rooms off a hallway so this shouldn't take long. Then the strangest looking women any of them have seen steps into the hall. She has greenish skin, no emotion crosses her face, there is no sparkle in her milky colored eyes. She tromps down the hall heading for the three uninvited guests.
The always confident Cobalt rushes up to meet her new opponent. The wild-eyed blue-streaked warrior squares off with the weird girl with greenish skin and milky colored eyes.
The green woman says, "I am Pazuzu, you are trespassing, only her is allowed here."
Pazuzu pointing at Domino to illustrate her point.
Still sizing up her new opponent Cobalt growls. "Something is seriously wrong with this chick."
Going on the attack the Princess of Cats lands five or six devastatingly strong punches and kicks with little to no effect. Only causing Pazuzu to stumble back a few feet.
Recovering Pazuzu shows no emotion, "My turn." She grabs the raven-haired Kodachi around the throat.
Going into defense Cobalt attempts to break the grip with an elbow to Pazuzu's joint. The strike is met with no give, concern spreading across her face. "Oh shit" slips from Cobalt's lips just before our warrior is thrown through a fucking wall.
Seeing her lover go through the wall angers Sabine. She pulls her taser out, Seeing her opportunity she attacks Pazuzu, catching her around the waist and driving her into another wall the sound echoing through the hall. As she bounces off the wall Sabine feels Pazuzu's cold grip grabbing her and flinging her off and away like a rag doll.
Backing away slowly the purple-haired Kodachi hears some moans coming from the hole in the wall then the sound of drums opening 'For Whom the Bell Tolls' by Metallica coming from what must be Cobalt's phone. The Princess of Cats pulls herself up and dusts herself off. "Fucking Cunt throw me through a goddamn wall. I'm gonna fuck you up bitch."
Grabbing the handcuffs she acquired from the Imperium agents, the Kodachi fashions a pair of brass knuckles. Kicking the door open the pissed off warrior comes flying into the hall and sees Pazuzu stalking Sabine.
Cobalt shouts, "Burn Knuckle" at her phone. The scream draws Pazuzu's attention away from Sabine. When the Kodachi hits Pazuzu right in the face with a superman punch. Watching Pazuzu's nose explode in blood and snot. Suddenly Domino grabs Pazuzu from behind. With her wrists locked Domino uses a German suplex dropping Pazuzu on her head.
Domino swiftly takes a stand next to Cobalt who is all disheveled from her recent wall treatment.
Pazuzu begins to stir again with a look of irritation. Cobalt hands one of her makeshift brass knuckles off to Domino.
Never taking her eyes off Pazuzu, "This time Domino when we get this cunt down we secure her ass with handcuffs."
Getting up Pazuzu charges Cobalt. Shifting to a defensive position, Cobalt prepares her Hiryū Shōten Ha attack.
Pazuzu closes on Cobalt and begins throwing punches. Cobalt dodges and releases her Hiryū Shōten Ha attack, attempting to trap Pazuzu. But she slips from Cobalts grip giving her a kick to her face, sending Cobalt crashing away.
Domino grabs Pazuzu, spinning her around and hitting the sickly woman with an uppercut, sending Pazuzu's blood flying through the air.
Domino pressing the attack hits Pazuzu again causing her to stumble back. Cobalt hits Pazuzu again from behind, knocking her to the ground. Cobalt and Domino quickly have Pazuzu secured like a rodeo calf.
Slumping against the wall Cobalt reaches into her pocket for her earbuds and puts them in as 'Jane' by Jefferson Starship begins playing. Domino slumps down next to Cobalt, "Hey let me listen too." Cobalt hands her one of her earbuds.
Pazuzu awakening again begins thrashing around, yelling obscenities at the girls. Cobalt, in no mood for more bullshit, warns Pazuzu to shut up or she'll gag her with the panties she's worn all day. Pazuzu doesn't believe the threat and continues yelling.
Slipping off her panties, Cobalt shoves them into Pazuzu's mouth. "Shut up Pazuzu. I've a headache and my whole body hurts."
With the fight concluded Sabine begins downloading all the files for the lab while Cobalt and Domino check the remaining rooms. Cobalt opens the door to what looks like a mad scientist lab. "Oh shit Domino I think this machine was gonna turn you into a Blue Ribbon Bitch."
Domino looks through the paperwork. With despair in her voice, she tells Cobalt, "Apparently I was gonna be test subject 5 for early testing of project Delta Zero eleven. Fuck me, I'm so screwed Cobalt, looking at this agreement they paid my mom a lot of money. I don't see them letting this go."
Cobalt gives her a hug for support, "Deep breaths I'm sending you to my mom and trust me you'll be completely safe there. Well safe from outside threats, inside not so much."
Looking hopeful and wiping her eyes Domino asks, "Seriously? You'll help me?"
"Oh you're not gonna think I helped you when my mom gets ahold of you."
"You talk about your mom like she's some kind of monster Cobalt."
"That's because Domino, she is a monster, she is a truly scary frightening woman that hell itself is afraid to claim."
Cobalt checks the last room and finds it's just a makeshift holding cell.
After a few minutes the other girls join Cobalt by the still hogtied Pazuzu. Sabine finally notices the panties stuffed in the sickly woman's mouth. Shaking her head Sabine asks, "Are your panties stuffed in Pazuzu's mouth?"
Domino comes to Cobalt's defense, "To be fair she wouldn't shut up and I'm pretty sure Cobalt's probably in pain."
The girls begin helping the battered Princess back to her room.
With a hint of annoyance Cobalt asks Sabine. "Hey are you ok, did you get hurt?"
Looking lovingly at her partner, "No babe I'm okay, you kept me safe."
Putting on her patent pending trademark smirk. "That's good babe, Did you know I went through a FUCKIN wall."
Giving the Princess of Cats a quick kiss on the lips."Yes you did, my hero."
The trio enter the dorm room where Becky is waiting for them to return. When she sees the battered and disheveled Cobalt she gasps out, "What happened to Cobalt?"
Sabine recounts the fight with Pazuzu and the fact Cobalt was thrown through a wall. With shock Becky runs up to Cobalt taking her from Sabine. "Is that true Mrs. Cobalt?"
Wincing a little, "Yeah no big deal I took that bitch Pazuzu down."
With Becky supporting her, Cobalt moves gingerly into the bathroom where Becky helps Cobalt remove her clothes and sit on the toilet while Becky gets a hot soothing bath ready.
Now chilling in her room Sabine makes a copy of the data for the headmistress. Handing the copy to Domino, "So can you take that to the headmistress?
Domino accepted the copy, "Sure, but can I crash here with you guys tonight? I'm still worried they'll try and grab me again. And you know Becky's gonna baby Cobalt all night."
Sabine winking at Domino, "You're always welcome in our bed babe."
Grinning, the red-eyed woman responds, "Awesome I'll be back in ten minutes."
With the water being at the perfect temperature Becky helps lower Cobalt into the bath. Before she can object Becky has stripped and joined Cobalt in the tub. Becky acting like an octopus wraps her legs around the Princess of Cats waist smashing her boobs into Cobalt's back.
Using a bar of soap the petite redhead lathers up her hands and begins massaging Cobalt's back easing her aching body.
In a half moan and groan the blue-streaked woman says. "Stupid woman that fucking wall hurt, seriously fucking hurt."
Keeping her thoughts on the task at hand Becky continues to work the knots out of Cobalt's battered body. Doing her best to avoid the bruising is not an easy task cause it's all one big bruise.
Becky giving the raven-haired warrior some extra TLC gently kisses her back while gently playing with a pair of very perky tits. A lot of words can be used to describe Cobalt's boobs, big isn't one of them. Puffy nipples definitely, perky you bet, some would say amazing.
Moaning to Becky's touch the little mewing sound again slipped past Cobalt's lips.
Running her hands down the Princess of Cat's tummy Becky gently plays along her stomach. Having smashed her perky boobs against Cobalt's back the petite redhead begins nibbling on The Princess of Cats ear. "I know you're sore and in pain but would Mrs.Cobalt like to be played with in the tub?"
Nodding her head yes Cobalt agrees to some bath time fun. The sexual arousal seems to chase the aches and pains away.
Becky's fingers begin to play along the outside of the Kodachi's pussy. The raven-haired woman's breathing begins picking up. Becky's silky hands dance along the outside of Cobalt's slit, occasionally teasing her opening with a finger
Cobalt hissing at Becky, "Stop teasing me."
Biting her lip in a little pout at Cobalt, Becky nibbles on Cobalt's ear and slams two fingers deep into the very ready pussy of the Princess of Cats. The intruding fingers force water deep into the Kodachi's pussy. This new invasion silences the blue-streaked, green-eyed warrior's moans leaving her breathless and even more aroused.
The Princess of Cats turns around and kisses the petite redhead, her tongue deep into Becky's mouth, massaging Becky's tongue. Becky begins sucking on the Kodachi's tongue like it's a cock, drawing little mewling sounds from a blue-streaked woman.
With a quick move Becky bites Cobalt's bottom lip moaning, "You drive me fucking wild you creature of absolute chaos."
Pulling Becky close, Cobalt latches onto her perky breast suckling while her fingers slowly trace and probe Becky's back door. Cobalt's finger penetrates the delicate rosebud causing Becky's first orgasm to course through her petite body.
Working her fingers deep into Becky's rectum, drawing lovely moans from her lips taking her nipples between her teeth.
Having never experienced double penetration the petite redhead Tips her head back calling Cobalt's name in pleasure. Grabbing the Princess of Cats smashing her face further into Becky's chest.
Working a second finger in both Becky's holes. With all four fingers jammed into redheads pussy and ass she begins fucking Becky hard. "Oh Cobalt oh Cobalt oh Cobalt gonna orgasm." The little redhead's body begins shaking when her biggest orgasm hits. Becky loses consciousness in Cobalt's arms to a very tender kiss. Carrying the unconscious Becky back to her bed she snuggles with the unconscious Becky. The sleeping Sabine and Domino all snuggle up together to sleep in a peaceful blissful state.
************
Two months later Becky, Domino and Sabine are plotting against Cobalt. Tapping her chin Domino asks, "And just how do you think you're going to get Cobalt to agree to even go to the dance?" Pointing at the blue-streaked woman's wardrobe she continues "You'd have better luck teaching a pig to wear high heels than you do of getting her highness in a gown and heels."
Nodding Sabine agrees, "Yeah she's been pretty adamant that she isn't going to the dance. I could use the nuclear option."
Lounging on the bed the petite redhead Becky asks. "What's the nuclear option?"
With a deep breath Sabine reveals. "I can use a full court guilt trip puppy eyes begging her."
The red-eyed woman asks. "And where is the Princess of Cats?"
With a smile Sabine replies. "She's getting her alone time. She needs to be someplace high and quiet for a little bit. She enjoys her moments of solitude."
"I'm gonna find our wayward princess." Sabine says as she exits her dorm room.
Pushing the door to the roof open, the purple-haired Kodachi is in search of her lover.
As the night breeze caresses her face it carries the techno beats of Melanie C's 'I Turn to You.' Framed by the setting sun is the erotic vision of Cobalt dancing. The Princess of Cats should have been a professional dancer.
Mesmerized by Cobalt's sensual hip and hand movements. Sabine takes a seat on an AC unit and watches spellbound as the Princess of Cats dances with the stars as her only audience. Cobalt finally realizes she has a new audience. Without breaking rhythm she dances up to Sabine,"Hey Tidbit what brings you up to the roof?"
With her heart and breath pulsing and a pussy wet from the erotic dispay of her lover's dance Sabine answers with a voice full of lust, "I came here to ask you for a favor."
Suspicion crossing the young warriors face. "Why do I have a feeling I'm going to absolutely hate what you're about to ask me Sabine?"
With her eyes cast down and voice filled with longing, "Will you please be my date for the dance?"
Seeing how much this really means to Sabine so the Kodachi grudgingly agrees. With a brite smile and moan of relief Sabine pulls Cobalt close. "You'll also be wearing a gown, full makeup and heels."
With a very audible groan the reluctant Princess of Cats agrees to her lover's request.
***********************
Sitting at the vanity, Becky works her magic, drawing out Cobalt's beautiful emerald green eyes. Finishing with a blue lipstick that works perfectly with Cobalt's hair color and complexion.
Sabine and Domino sit awestruck at the drastic transformation. The Kodachi looks like Hollywood starlet Jennifer Lawrence.
Cobalt looks drop dead gorgeous and ready for the dance. The others hurriedly ready themselves as Cobalt puts her earbuds in playing 'Let It Go' from Frozen. She hums the tune from her second favorite Disney movie.
Sabine grabs Cobalt's arm dragging her to the limo that will take them to the Stepford Country Club. With Becky and Domino in tow they reach the waiting limo and are greeted by a familiar Kodachi holding the door open for them. It's Tabatha. Even in simple black, Tabatha stands out with her blue eyes, pink hair, and seductive smile.
Offering her hand to help Sabine, the purple-haired girl takes it and scooping up the hem of her spectacularly faded purple dress enters the limo. Tabatha repeats the process with Becky who's wearing an amazing green dress that's simple, short and ravishing.
The leggy Domino comes strolling up in a red mid thigh dress with lots of cleavage. Tabatha is distracted, staring at the red-eyed woman with the double D rack. Tabatha quickly regains her composure and helps Domino into the limo.
The Princess of the Kodachi steps up to Tabatha and gives her a strong hug and a fond kiss on the cheek. "How have you been, Tabby?" Cobalt inquires with a smirk. "Must you call me that Princess? I'm grateful to your mother for taking me in after Madilina went Nukenin."
(Their clan's term for Ronin or traitor*) "Pardon my boldness but is the red-eyed one called Domino, the one your mother spoke of?"
With a graceful movement Cobalt enters while addressing Tabby. "Yes she'll be going back with you, try not to wear her out before she actually gets home." With a little wink "As you wish." Closing the door Tabatha takes her spot driving the limo to the dance.
On Cobalt's arm Sabine takes a moment to truly absorb how amazing Cobalt's gown looks. It's a pale blue the same as her streaks, is cut so low in the back she flashes her g-string, wrapping around her neck it shows off her cleavage but also shows off her amazing legs. Seeing this dress your first thought is that it is the embodiment of sex.
With Sabine on her arm Cobalt doesn't just turn heads she breaks necks from whiplash. 'Shut Up and Dance With Me' by Walk the Moon begins. Suddenly Sabine is yanked to the dance floor by a very enthusiastic Princess of Cats.
Sabine's pleading look to not make her dance gets ignored by the blue-streaked beauty who's guiding them onto the dance floor. Looking deep into Cobalt's eyes Sabine sees a happiness not often seen from her complicated partner. She decides to enjoy the ride as Cobalt makes them look like stars on the dance floor.
Becky and Domino stand slack jawed and dumbstruck at the sexy display that Sabine and Cobalt are putting on. With poise, grace, and sensuous movements that belong on some music video unfolding right before the duo's eyes.
Domino takes Becky's hand leading her to the dance floor, "Thank you Becky."
Caught off guard by the sudden thank you. "I haven't done anything to warrant a thank you. I've really only my family's money to throw at problems."
Brushing the ginger's hair from her face the red-eyed woman tears up a little. "You've never made me feel bad or worthless because I don't come from money. That shopping trip is honestly the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me Becky."
Becky seizes her moment kissing Domino deeply, passionately and fiercely. Domino is caught off guard but she quickly melts into the kiss from the fiery petite woman.
Sudden movement catches Domino's attention. She sees the two Barbie's are quickly approaching and they don't look happy. As the intense feeling of fear and need to run for her life is threatening to break free the red-eyed woman feels a very familiar arm around her waist.
The cocky sultry voice of Cobalt breaks fear's hold on Domino. "Hey sexy don't worry we got you, watch this."
As the Barbi's approach they speak in unison. "We'll be taking Domino from you now."
Laughing Cobalt steps from Domino's side blocking the two Barbies. "Yeah I don't think so and neither does she," pointing to Tabatha who has snuck up behind the two Barbie.
With a growl, "Yeah see Domino has requested Asylum and Freyja has granted her Asylum." With a venomous tone Tabatha continues to address the two Barbies. "Now if you wish to escalate this to a physical confrontation we'll gladly drag your pampered asses across the pavement. Isn't that right Cobalt?"
"Oh you got that fuckin right Tabby." Cobalt turns her full attention to the Barbies.
With a look from Tabatha that screams please try it. "So If we are done here would you kindly piss off!"
The Barbies slink off with their tails between their legs. Tabatha gives Cobalt a glance and a wink. "I'll be lurking in the shadows like Batman hahaha, later ladies."
Taking Sabine by the hand Cobalt gently leads her to the center of the dance floor.
Raising her hand in the Fairytail salute. "I picked this song for you Tidbit please dance with me." 'Crossing Fields' acoustic version by Amalee begins playing. Pulling Sabine in close, with her mouth close to Sabine's ear Cobalt begins softly singing along with the music.
"I was never right for the hero type of role
I admit it
With my heart shivering in fear
I can see today's reflected in each past tear."
With the song playing and feeling Cobalt pull her close and tight, Sabine can feel Cobalt's emotions wrap around her like a silk blanket. The two lovers kiss as the world melts away leaving the two Kodachi lost in each other's arms.
The friends are all sitting at a table having fun when Tabatha approaches. "You guys ready to go to the hotel for your after party."
Taking Cobalt's hand Sabine wears a guilty smile. "Surprise babe. For being such a good sport we're hosting an after party."
Looking at Sabine, Cobalt gives her a look. "And the after parties for me because of how much I just love company and parties huh Tidbit."
With a mischievous grin Sabine replies. "I knew you wouldn't want a party but I'm hoping you'll not be a sourpuss. This is the last night we will all be together with Domino leaving."
At the hotel the ensemble opens the door to the penthouse. Tabatha has done an amazing job. The penthouse takes up the entire top floor. Each room is stocked with food, alcohol, games, karaoke, and cute french maids are on hand to serve.
Each maid is dressed in a distinctive color maid outfit, pink, light blue and red. The 3 main rooms of the penthouse have been themed - one was a little's and pets room. A full on sex dungeon room was next to a full costume room.
The students and their dates are starting to arrive, discarding coats and unnecessary clothing items as the maids begin serving drinks.
Grabbing a drink off a tray the Princess of the Kodachi begins settling in as 'In Time' by Robbie Rob begins playing
A couple of girls from the dance grab Cobalt's arms pulling her onto the dance floor. Smiling from seeing her lover dancing and having fun, Sabine decides to find her own fun and the videogames it is. Grabbing a spot it's a Mario kart showdown and Sabine is in her element dominating the competition. Taking victory shots of everclear between games.
Becky gets into the spirit of the party, grabbing a bottle of champagne and tipping it back. She's approached by a blonde gentleman named Steve who begins chatting her up.
Domino, sensing Becky's going to be busy, wanders off, thinking over what the last 10 months has been. From the fight with Cobalt, to being used as bait to accomplish some mission from the Kodachi, and wrestling with the emotions of losing the last of her parents. Suddenly a pair of firm hands cups the enormous breasts of the red-eyed woman.
Whispering in her ear, "Do I get a taste of the goods you sexy thing."
Domino spins around to come face to face with Tabatha. "Why hello Tabatha are you asking to sample me?"
Grinning Tabatha nods, "Absolutely wanna take this somewhere a little more private? The Kodachi have rented the whole top floor of this hotel." Taking Domino's hand she leads her to a private room.
Slowly helping Domino out of her dress Tabatha is enjoying running her hands over Domino's silky skin.
Not wanting to be left out, Domino returns the favor by pulling Tabatha's clothes off as well, revealing the pink-haired girl's athletic body. Kissing Domino deep Tabatha rolls her tongue wrapping it around the red-eyed woman's tongue. The pink-haired Kodachi begins messaging Domino's enormous chest tugging on her erect nipples, causing the sweetest little moans to escape her lips
"For tonight you're my bitch Domino, say yes mistress and we will begin."
Gasping to get out the words, "Yes mistress!" In a flash Domino is forced on the bed "Get on all fours now bitch!"
Scrambling to comply, the red-eyed woman gets on all fours, with Tabatha stalking around her.
Caressing her plump ass Tabatha gives it a sharp slap, causing a little yip from Domino as she bites her lip. She's in such anticipation for Tabatha to begin playing with her she's dripping with excitement. The need in her pussy is growing with each moment. It's taking all her self control to not touch her aching slit.
Knowing that would just bring on Tabatha's anger and her exposed sex would be punished. Slowly continuing the caressing all over Domino's body, the pink-haired woman pulls a black bag from under the bed, dropping it on the nightstand.
"I'm going to push your sexual limits Domino. If at any time it becomes too much, simply say Waffle Cakes. We will stop and I'll give you after care, comfort and whatever else you may need any questions?" With the barest of whispers, "No mistress"
Reaching into the bag Tabatha pulls a small bottle of lube and a horse tail butt plug. Bringing the plug end to Domino's mouth the red-eyed woman begins hungrily licking the plug, getting it nice and wet with a coat of saliva. Tabatha strokes Domino's cheek saying she's a very good girl.
Moving behind Domino, "Spread your cheeks and beg for me to put this in you."
Placing her head on the bed Domino flush with sexual heat, desire and longing pulls her cheeks apart. "Please put the toy in me, my mistress." Bringing her hand down with a sharp smack on Domino's wiggling ass. "No no no not like that Domino. Be more vulgar or I won't believe you want it."
With more of her dignity slipping away she grits her teeth. "Please mistress, please shove that toy deep in my ass. Please, I need it so bad."
"Good girl," Tabatha begins rubbing the now very red hand print on Domino's butt cheek. Taking the opportunity to squirt some lube on her finger, the pink-haired woman slides her finger deep into Domino's rectum causing some cute trembling moans to escape her lips. Wiggling her finger really working it in and out, "Damn Domino you're as tight as a vice back here."
With the finger now being worked to loosen her rectum the red-eyed Domino can't help but moan. "Oh mistress oh mistress."
"Yes Domino?"
"It feels confusing good mistress, so fucking good!" Rocking her hips back fucking Tabatha's finger grunting.
Slipping her finger free of Domino's vice like rectum Tabatha begins sliding the toy into Domino's rectum causing another moan to escape Domino's lips as she has her first anal orgasm ever.
Feeling the toy penetrate her ass is a new experience for the red-eyed women. With the second being how her first anal orgasm causes her body to shudder as she adjusts to the toy's intrusion.
A wicked smile crosses Tabatha's lips. "My my my Domino you seem to be a bit of a butt slut. You just orgasmed over being plugged."
Tabatha's taunts cause even more excitement in Domino feeling the heat & wetness rising between her legs.
Picking up a riding crop Tabatha runs it over Domino's porcelain silky skin. Taking a spot in front of the red-eyed woman she begins spreading her legs for Domino to begin licking her glistening slit. With no hesitation she dives right into Tabatha's crotch licking like a woman possessed.
Giving instructions on what to do with smacks of encouragement from her riding crop. Giving Domino a little more motivation to be very enthusiastic about licking the pink-haired Kodachi's pussy. Not wanting any further encouragement the red-eyed woman really begins sucking Tabatha's clit.
Her tongue furiously brings Tabatha's first orgasm like a speeding sports car tearing up the roads. Causing a cooing moan to escape Tabatha's pink glossed lips. "So fucking good!"
Taking the opportunity to whip Domino another three times for more encouragement and her own sadistic pleasure. The strikes landing on Domino's unprotected ass have a two fold effect, providing Domino another orgasm from her ass and making Tabatha incredibly horny. The pink-haired woman uses the crop to give Domino a few more strikes, "Use your fingers and your tongue you little slut."
Taking a moment from licking Tabatha's lovely honey pot "Yes mistress." Refocusing her efforts Domino slides two fingers deep into the pink-haired Kodachi's pussy, working in tandem by sucking on Tabbys inner labia.
Tabatha's toes curl as another orgasim courses through the pink-haired punk Kodachi's body. Quickly striking Domino's wiggling ass another half dozen times brings both women to orgasm and crash against each other like rival tidal waves rocketing through the two lovers' bodies.
Catching her breath while pulling the muscular Domino into a loving embrace.
"I want to put this cute red collar and leash on you and this adorable neko dress. Will you wear them for me?"
Kissing her back a smiling Domino exclaims with enthusiasm, "Yes mistress."
An impromptu strip poker game has broken out. With a very drunk Cobalt being roped into it. The blue-streaked badass has never been good at cards when sober. Being drunk isn't helping her at all as she's down to just her dress covering her recently waxed pussy. The next round of cards begins with Cobalt pulling a maid into her lap. "Hey cutie any chance I can get a kiss for luck. I'd hate to lose my dress. It's protecting my modesty. Well if I hadn't lost that too, it would be."
"Funny and cute, a real double threat." Placing a kiss on Cobalt's lips really giving her the tongue the maid slips off her lap and strolls off.
Taken aback the Princess of Cats excuses herself from the game. Catching sight of Becky hanging all over a rather interesting man causes our usually cynical Princess to smile.
In the main room the topless Cobalt finds the two beauties she danced with earlier in the night. Now in a state of half dress with tops and bottoms missing, they drag Cobalt back onto the dance floor.
Large parts of the party have broken down into debauchery of all kinds. The purple-haired Sabine is well past her drunk state and in her full blown party mode. Noticing a topless Cobalt getting felt up in a lesbian sandwich. Sabine feels that same twinge in her pussy from hearing Cobalt and Becky go at it. Ditching the game Sabine wraps her arms around her lover's waist. Taking her breast in her mouth she suckles it gently causing little mewling sounds to escape her Kodachi partner's lips.
When one of the dance partners pulls Sabine's top down, the dancing girls begin pulling on her puffy nipples fiercely. Causing the purple-haired woman to moan into the tit she's sucking.
The Princess of the Kodachi is feeling really good smashed between 3 topless girls, a woman defenseless to their fondling. Foreign fingers begin playing with her very wet aching slit. Gasping at the fingers playing with her pussy, having no idea who's fingers they are drives the Princess of Cats wild making her nectar flow more freely then before.
Placing her finger in Cobalt's mouth, Sabine makes CK lick it like a cock getting it nice and wet. Taking the now slick digit Sabine begins pushing into the Princess' oh so tight anus. Groaning at the dueling fingers in her multiple orifices.
The alcohol and excitement course through her body like the feeling of liquor on a cold winter's day. Sabine kissing Cobalt whispers, "Take me to bed or lose me forever."
Scooping her purple haired lover up like in the movie 'An Officer and a Gentleman'. Carrying her to the master bedroom the Princess of Cats lays Sabine down in the bed kissing her passionately and deeply.
Pulling on Sabine's nipples and pinching them pulls cute little moans from Sabine's pouty lips. With evil intentions Cobalt yanks Sabine's nipples at a painful angle causing her to have a mini orgasm from the pain and pleasure coming from the torture of her very erect and sensitive nipples.
A wicked smile crosses CK's lips watching the expression of pleasure cross Sabine's face. The Princess of Cats pulls a pair of nipple clamps out from under the mattress. A look of absolute fear and lust filled her lover's eyes. Seeing the absolutely terrifying nipple clips, Cobalt slowly runs the clamps teasingly over Sabine's nipples causing her tight little body to quiver.
Slowly placing the first clamp on the purple-haired woman's left nipple draws a sharp yelp from the young Duchess. "FUCK COBALT GOD THAT HURTS & makes me sooo fucking wet!"
Kissing the clamped nipple, Cobalt gives the clamp a flick with her tongue drawing a hissing sound from Sabine, "You like that baby huh you like being under my control?"
Howling in pleasure Sabine replies, "Yes fuck yes baby you're driving me fucking wild."
Picking up the loose end of the nipple clamp, this time cobalt clips it quickly, not giving Sabine time to object. Causing Sabine to moan in absolute pleasure.
Running her hands over her victim's chest the blue-streak haired woman gently tugs on the chain connecting the two clamps together.
Sabine can't help but moan softly to the tugs. Kissing her way down Sabine's tummy, pulling Sabine's dress and panties off, the wild-eyed Princess twirls the panties on her finger. "Hey Tidbit I just wanted you to know I love you."
With a giant smile "I love you too my Princess."
Cobalt nibbles along Sabine's leg and inner thigh giving little nipping bites along the way. Little yelps escape from the purple-haired Kodachi lips. Placing a sloppy licking kiss on Sabine's very bare mons pubis Cobalt takes her tongue down the entirety of the Duchess of the Kodachi's very wet and ready pussy.
Cobalt pulls another toy from under the bed, this time an eleven inch pink dildo. Turning on the vibrator dildo Cobalt begins teasing her purple-haired lover. Sabine unconsciously begins pulling on the nipple clamps, causing even more pleasurable pain to flow through her hypersensitive body.
With a whimper Sabine begins begging her green-eyed lover to fuck her. Slipping the vibrating dildo deep into Sabine with a slosh sound. Cobalt works the toy deep while using her spare hand to jerk Sabine off. The Princess of Cats placed her thumb on the right side of the purple-haired woman's clit, putting her index finger on the left in a pinching motion; she begins jerking her clit off in a stroking motion.
Cobalt, using her hand and toy in tandem brings Sabine rocketing to a new sexual peak. The Duchess's moans are building and building.
Cobalt suddenly just stops, pulling the toy free from Sabine's soping slit and her hand from the engorged clit. Causing Sabine to begin cursing at the Princess that she was so close to climax.
Reaching down to touch herself, Sabine's hand is struck by the riding crop that The Princess of Cats has retrieved from under the bed. "Fuck baby please stop teasing me, please finish me off!"
Putting the end of the crop under Sabine's chin. "Let me strike your clit with this riding crop and you can have your orgasm."
Sabine is squirming still trying to touch herself, but the strikes come fast and deadly, striking Sabine's hand. "Oh no Tidbit you're not playing with yourself 'til you let me strike your clit. So beg me little bitch."
"Fuck Cobalt you can be such a raging bitch, please strike my clit with your crop please."
Bringing the crop down on Sabine's clit is like a jolt of lighting through her body. It's a pain she has never experienced but it's a pleasure beyond anything she's ever felt. Her orgasm rips through her body. She arches her back screaming, "COBALT OH COBALT!"
With a smile creeping across her face Cobalt strikes Sabine's clit again sending another orgasm raging through her body. "Fuck fuck fuck Cobalt no more please no more!"
Stroking her cheek with the crop, "Oh please baby just one more for me pretty please?"
Trembling the Kodachi whimpers, "Just one more."
Flicking her wrist the crop makes connection with Sabine's poor overstimulated clit with a thunderous crack. Ripping another scream from Sabine's body like a broken damn, arching her back."OH COBALT, COBALT FUCK!"
Slipping her arms around her trembling lover Cobalt kisses her cheek gently calming the tortured Sabine holding her close.
Putting her head into the Princess of Cats chest. "You can be an evil bitch sometimes but fuck you might be an evil genius."
Tabatha walks Domino out of the room taking her to the playroom. The red-eyed woman is wearing a very cute one piece short dress, with a few accessories like cat ears and the plug tail that's been stuffed up her cute little ass.
Tabatha and Domino enter the playroom noticing a gentleman clearly strapped to the bed. Becky wears a short black corset that does very little to cover her perky tits and fiery red crotch. The black stockings really frame her pussy perfectly.
Tabatha also notices the dominatrix who is actually a fellow Kodachi named Bex. The orange and black Halloween colored hair and orange eyes are the calling card for the enigmatic Bex.
"How are you doing Bex?" Bex gives a small nod, "Hey Tabatha I'm good. How's it been working for Fryja?"
Giving a sharp smile Tabatha replies. "It's never boring. I understand why she's Queen for sure. I've brought the newest recruit for training. We could play with her if you're Interested Bex?"
"My oh my," Bex begins checking out Domino running her hand over the red-eyed woman's firm booty. Licking her lips Bex replies. "Oh that's just scrumptious I'm gonna enjoy this so much," kissing Domino's lips. Melting into the kiss the red-eyed woman is getting very wet from Bex's probing tongue.
Turning her attention to Steve who is bound to the bed, Bex uses her theater voice, "Ladies thank you for joining us in the playroom." Pointing to Becky she continues "It seems this beautiful creature here has brought us our first play toy." She directs Tabatha to gag Steve before the fun begins. Picking up a gag from the wall she secures it in Steve's mouth. Pulling a flogger off the wall and handing it to Bex, Tabatha stands by waiting on the orange-haired Kodachi's instructions.
Taking charge Bex instructs the girls to rip Steve's clothes off. In mere moments the blonde man's clothes are just so much confetti thrown about the room.
Taking a moment to admire Steve's rugged good looks, chiseled features and his earthy eyes. Becky approaches his engorged member standing proud and tall. Gently grasping his rock hard penis she licks up its underside rolling her tongue over the tip lapping up the pearl of precum shining there.
Getting a wicked idea, while Becky continues to suck on the cock in front of her, Bex begins picking a few toys off the wall and prepares them for use on Steve. The Kodachi dominatrix slips a cock ring on Steve so he will be unable to climax till it's released. Next she places a vibrating egg on Steve's prominent balls. Bex finishes by attaching it to the cock ring.
The combination of Becky sucking and licking, the cock ring and vibrating egg raises the pleasure Steve is experiencing to the next level for the poor guy. Still not done, Bex lubes Steve's ass, taking a butt plug and pushing it in deep, filling his ass. Becky continues to suck the cock like it's a giant lollipop.
Bex lights a candle and starts circling the bound and gagged play toy, dripping wax on Steve's body. Not wanting to be left out Tabatha lights a candle. Smiling Tabatha begins walking around their victim in the opposite direction as Bex so they are mirroring each other.
With the two Kodachi circling in opposite directions dripping the hot wax on Steve's exposed and helpless body Tabatha enjoys his struggling and grunting. Bex lands blows on Steve with her flogger knocking the hardening wax off his skin.
Ignoring Steve's stifled moans and his spit and drool running around the ball gag, Becky is still working her mouth over Steve's throbbing penis. Sliding behind Becky, Domino begins messaging Becky's boobs. "I'm going to pick you up and lower you on his cock. While Tabatha and Bex make him fuck you." Shuddering in sexual excitement Becky is all about this, nodding her affirmation.
Becky squats so her knees are touching her chest. Domino wraps her arms around Becky picking her up. The red-eyed woman begins lowering the petite redhead onto Steve's massive cock. When his cock head breaches Becky's pussy the redhead whimpers for more please. Lowering Becky a little more turns her into a drooling mess, moaning and babbling as though speaking in tongues.
Domino's muscles flex and ripple from the effort of holding Becky above the flinching bucking Steve, who's struggling in an effort to push his throbbing cock deep into Becky's sopping pussy causing her to moan, "Oh so good so good."
Bex and Tabatha are taking pleasure in using the wax and flogger to cause Steve to jerk and moan, thrusting and bucking under Becky's dripping pussy. Still being held by Domino with only the first few inches of Steve's cock flying in and out of her pussy, the redhead is a drooling mess begging for more.
Domino finally lowers the poor frustrated Becky down until at last Steve's cock is balls deep in her throbbing pussy, sending the biggest orgasm ever coursing through her body. Trembling as the massive orgasm overwhelms her, Becky braces herself by holding onto Steve's battered and bruised chest.
Bex frees Steve from the restraints and while Tabatha frees him from the constricting cock ring. Realizing he is free of restraint and still balls deep in the redhead, Steve begins thrusting like a lover possessed. Caught off guard Becky rockets back to her pre orgasmic state bouncing back on the cock. The three girls leave the room giving Becky and her new friend some private time. As they leave the playroom the sounds of wet sloppy serious fucking can be heard.
Bex gives Domino a playful but still strong slap on her cute tight ass. "I'll be seeing you again real soon sexy." and slips back into the party. Taking Domino's hand Tabatha guides her to the bedroom that Cobalt and Sabine have occupied. The pink-haired Kodachi helps Domino remove her clothes. Returning the favor, Domino helps Tabatha in getting naked. They climb into bed with the sleeping snuggling lovers to cuddle and sleep as well.
**************
The epilogue
Cobalt and Sabine sit soaking in the hot tub as 'Wild Ones' by Flo Rida featuring Sia plays. Both women are relaxing in their new condo. Reflecting on the past nine months they spent in college. "Hey CK, did you enjoy your time back in school?"
Taking another sip from her pina colada, "I loved dominating Mrs.Greed, that woman was wild, they don't make kinky bitches like that anymore."
Sabine in a discouraged tone, "So you have no academic curiosity?"
Shrugging the Princess of Cats responds. "Not in math or sciences but I loved art classes, history and philosophy. You've always been the bookworm type, not me. Oh I've got a message from Becky, she's decided to become a pro dominatrix in her spare time."
Sabine spits her strawberry daiquiri across the hot tub. "The petite quiet redhead Becky is a pro dominatrix now. What the fuck happened at that party?"
Laughing, the Princess of Kodachi responds. "Apparently Domino, Tabatha, Bex and Becky all dominated a guy named Steve who apparently scouts potential dominatrix for certain services."
Shaking her head in disbelief, Sabine changes the subject. "Have you talked to your mom about how Domino is doing?"
Tipping her drink back Cobalt shakes her head no.
Wrapping her legs around Cobalt, "You don't have a great relationship with Freyja do you?"
Taking another big swig, "It's complicated let's not ruin our soak my sexy minx." Kissing the lips of the purple-haired nerd girl Cobalt enjoys the feeling of Sabine's touch.
Kissing her lips back Sabine responds, "I've been through the data we copied and turned over to your mom. The Blue Ribbons were an early stage of a project being developed by Imperium with Blackstone Academy assisting. It's a joint project called Delta Zero Eleven. Its first test subject is a Peter Baker and the second is Robert Paulson.