The Ruby Prize
Setting the table
Mitchell greeted Ruby in the lobby of the clinic and escorted her to his room, chit-chatting about sports, weather and health. Both Mitchell and Ruby were healthy, fit individuals who loved nature and stayed active by mountain biking, hiking, and religiously hitting the gym. The two seemed to have a fair amount in common and got on easily.
"So, Ruby, I see that it was Cate who booked this hour for you. She said to put it on her account so I'm assuming you two are the best of friends. Yes?" asked Mitchell.
"Yup, we're actually dance-mates as well. I started attending her burlesque classes as a student some time ago but now I also help out with the business. I pitch in on the advertising and social media posts for her and also handle some production chores when she produces a full blown show. I've performed with her and the troupe as well. My stage name is RoXy RolleR. You could say that I'm her partner in crime."
"So, I'm guessing you guys connect frequently then?"
"All the time. We're besties."
"So... no secrets then?"
"I'd say that's accurate. Yeah."
"She was here recently, you know." said Mitchell, trying to ascertain how much Ruby knew about his last session with Cate. He didn't want to be too obvious about it, but was actually being really obvious about it.
"Yes Mitchell, I know. She told me all about it. It was a departure from your usual session with her. Don't worry. You're secret is safe with me. I may just use a little bit of blackmail to get you to do my evil bidding," she said. "Just joking. Cate said it was the best massage she'd ever had. She also told me that you and that bitch Lydia are over, is that true?"
"Oh. Okay. Am I blushing right now?" Michell was just a little embarrassed by the nature of the conversation. "Well, I'm glad the massage got a good review."
"Yes, The Lydia thing has been over for some time, thankfully. That was a nightmare, he continued."
"So you're single?"
"Very. Why do you ask?"
"Because Mitch, I think we should go out on a date, you and me. You're a handsome, sweet, respectful, interesting guy and I am a reasonably good-looking, smart, funny, short, unattached gal... with huge knockers. Now that you're a free man, it seems to make sense that we should at least kick the tires. Whaddaya think? You game?" asked Ruby, staring him down.
"Wow. I did not see that coming. Um... uh... sure... of course... I'm game," Mitchell said, stuttering his reply while simultaneously counting his lucky stars..
"Boy, that Ruby sure gets right to the point," he thought. He had never been asked out on a date before and this was uncharted territory.
"Okay. Perfect. Sounds like a plan. Let's work out the logistics after the session. Figure out when, where, and all that. Sound okay to you?" asked Mitchell.
"Perfect. I think it'll be fun. We can get to know each other. I'll figure out what we're gonna do and let you know."
"Okay, let's get to it. What are you looking for today? Are there any problem areas we should address? Injuries and the like?" he asked, starting to get into serious therapist mode.
"Well, as much as I'd love the 'Cate Special', Ruby said smirking. "I think we'll just do a regular rub down. I don't have any specific areas that need work, so this is more for relaxation and pampering than anything else. We'll leave out the interesting bits for today. I want to have something to surprise you with if the date goes well."
"Whew... well that sure takes the pressure off doesn't it?" he laughed, a little sarcasm creeping into the comment.
He wondered if Cate told Ruby just about the nude full body massage or whether she elaborated further. He couldn't bring himself to ask outright.
The massage was a pleasant experience for both parties. There was a little chatting and some flirty banter during the session, but as always Mitchell was his usual professional self. He was good at his job and took pride in servicing his clients to the best of his ability. At Ruby's request, he only used towels to cover her top and bottom, and in doing so was able to get a pretty good idea of how beautifully put together the attractive brunette was. Well, let's face it... she was stacked. It wasn't hard for Mitchell to discern the large, jiggly boobs and ample bottom end. Her legs were beautifully shaped, with defined calves, tight thighs and trim ankles. She was short, curvy, and oh, so fucking sexy.
"I can't believe she wants to go on a date with me," Mitchell thought to himself as he was finishing up the massage. "She could have any man she wants. Maybe there's something wrong with her. Well, she's Cate's friend so she must be all right, I guess. I imagine we'll find out more about each other when we get together. She seems to be the one who wants to make the plans, so I'll just go with the flow."
"Okay, you're done Ruby," whispered Mitchell when the hour was up.
Ruby just moaned and gave a small grunt in reply. She was very relaxed and was, for the moment, laying motionless. Her body felt as if she had been transported to cloud nine. Relaxed. Peaceful. And yes, a little bit turned on. She had felt her nipples stiffen and her pussy get a little dewy at a few points during the course of the massage. He had magic hands, that's for sure. Even when he was nowhere near her intimate parts, his touch seemed to telegraph pleasure to all the right places. Ruby wondered if that was part of what spurred Cate on to go as far as she did when she was last here.
"I hope it was okay for you. Make sure you get up slowly. Take your time. I'm going to go outside and give you some quiet time and a chance to get yourself upright and get dressed. Remember, there is no hurry. Don't want you to get dizzy," Mitchell instructed.
When Ruby finally got up and dressed, feeling limp and relaxed, Mitchell came back into the room to say his good-byes and wish her a great rest of the day.
"Oh, my gawd, Mitch. That was sooo wonderful. Thank you so much. I got your digits from Cate so I will text you and we can figure out our schedules to get this date thing together. Not sure what we'll do yet but I will think of something fun, I guarantee it." said Ruby. "You're still game, right?"
"Absolutely. Already looking forward to it. I only work days, so any evening works for me, plus I have weekends free unless I'm booked to do a private out-call. Just let me know what's good for you."
Okay, I'll hit you back tomorrow at the latest. Am I allowed to tip the therapist?" Ruby said, reaching for her bag.
"No. It's all been looked after by Cate. She said I was her gift to you, whatever that means. No money was to change hands here," Mitchell informed her.
"Okay. Well, then here," Ruby said, as she wrapped her arms around his neck and planted a big, wet, lingering kiss smack dab on his mouth. She ground her body into his and he found that the softness of her braless breasts squishing against his chest was having a very positive effect on his wiener.
Mitchell was one of those guys, who once sexually aroused, was a fast grower. His penis immediately began to swell against Ruby's leg and achieved full mast in less than a minute. The warmth of his dick cut through his track pants and her Lulus as if they were layers of tissue, such was the heat being generated by his burgeoning member.
"Oh yes, please," gasped Ruby as she leaned back to look directly into Mitchells' eyes and then down to the big tent that had made its presence known between them. "Is this for me? Did I do this?"
She reached down and and rubbed her hand on the front of his pants, feeling his iron-hard rod twitch under her touch. His cock felt perfect in her hand. Long. Thick. Hard. Pulsing. She gave it a hearty squeeze.
"Apparently so," Mitchell replied, a little embarrassed. "Sorry about that. You're so beautiful. And the kiss and your... um..."
"Big tits?" Ruby asked, taking one of Mitch's hands and placing it under one of her heavy, braless boobs. "Go ahead. Give it a squeeze. Fair's fair. I've got your cock at my mercy."
Mitchell groped Ruby's prodigious breasts as she continued to rub up and down on the front of his pants coaxing some pre-cum from his ready member. He ran his hands over her nipples and felt the piercings under his palms. She mashed her lips against his and they held the kiss for several seconds. It was Ruby who finally broke away.
"Whew. Holy shit," Ruby gasped. "I detectchemistry, don't you? Wow. We better stop or we'll be repeating the session that you had here with Cate.
Mitchell looked a little taken aback and stammered, "Uh... how do you mean... um... what did Cate tell you about..."
"I told you," Ruby interrupted. "She told me everything.Every. Thing."
***
"Thank you so much for the free massage Cate. I appreciate the lovely thought and your generosity but you didn't have to do that." It was the first thing Ruby said when Cate answered the phone.
"Nonsense. I thought it was the least I could do for all the help you've given me the last little while. Plus, I wanted to give you an opportunity to work your magic on Mitchell now that he's free of that bitch Lydia. How did it go?"
"Awesome. Totally relaxing and rejuvenating. The guy has the best hands."
"Fuck off. You know what I mean. Did you let him do a full-body nude? Did you have sex of any kind? C'mon girl. Details. Details," Cate implored, with a laugh.
"Heheh. Sorry. Just fucking with you. No, we didn't do the 'Cate Special' massage, so I wasn't lying there nude with my legs spread open like some people I know," Ruby said, playfully taunting her best friend.
"I asked him out on a date and basically told him if the date went well he'd get to see all the goodies, so we used the towels to keep me modest and it was basically a normal massage. As I was leaving I asked if I could tip him and he said you'd already looked after it. Thanks again by the way. So I pulled him in for a big kiss and squashed the girls against his chest as my way of saying thanks and to see how he'd react. Boom. Boner-city. The guy's dick was hard as a flag pole so I started to give it a little rub and then put his hand on my tits. We kissed some more and I told him that we had chemistry but that we should probably put the brakes on or we'd be repeating the session you had with him.
"I knew he wasn't sure how much you told me about your last visit so I just said that you told me everything. He's now aware that I know you sucked his cock and that he fucked you silly after fingering that beautiful bald snatch of yours. I didn't mention that I saw the video though.
"He knows it'll be our little secret and I'm sure it's going to be a hot topic of conversation when we go out... because I'll definitely bring it up. I gotta think of something special. Got any ideas?"
"Hmm. Maybe. Let me think about it for a day or two," Cate said. "Hey, are there any holidays coming up?
"Do you know when his birthday is?"