The summer was the hottest on record, and we had to go swimming in the river several times every day to cool down. We had been married for just two months, Lisa and I, and we were still in that glorious horny phase, wanting each other all te time. But since Lisa wasn't on the pill, we used condoms.
Our cabin was right by the river, and there was a pool just half a mile upstream that was great for taking a swim. First time we went up there, we swam a for a long time before we had sex on the cliffs by the riverside. The sex was great, even though I missed getting blowjobs. Lisa wouldn't do that.
The day was hot and sunny. We didn't chance on skinny dipping, because of the hiking trail that was nearby. But after some deliberation Lisa decided to take of her bikini top, and swim topless at least.
We were just coming up from the water when we heard someone coming along the trail. It turned out to be Arnie, a friend from when we were kids. Well, kind of friends, sometimes he could be quite a bully. I tossed the bikini top to Lisa, and she quickly covered up.
Arnie said hi, and I introduced him to my wife. He sat down on the rocks with us and we made some polite small talk. I was mostly waiting for him to leave.
"I used to bring girls up here all the time when we were growing up, you know," Arnie said to me. "Some pretty wild stuff happened here, both in the river and on the cliffs." He laughed. "Remember Annie Luntz? I brought her here a virgin, she left a... Well, something else." He laughed a loud, self-satisfied roar.
"Yeah, I remember Annie." I was crazy about her back in high school, but never picked up the courage to do anything about it. I always thought of her as unattainable. Actually hearing about Arnie having sex with her, taking her virginity gives me an unpleasant sting of jealousy.
"But I guess there's not much of that going on here now," Arnie said. "You prudes are just cooling off, looks like."
"Prudes?" Lisa said.
"You were so fast putting that bikini top back on, afraid of anyone getting a peek. Not that there's much to peek at."
"What do you mean?" Lisa asked crossing her arms.
"Don't get me wrong," Arnie replied. "I kinda like small tits. Flat chested girls can be pretty sexy sometimes."
I looked at Lisa, expecting her to get annoyed or even angry.
"Honestly, do you think my boobs are too small?" she asked, no anger in her voice.
"Hard to tell. Take your top off, so I can see."
Lisa blushed visibly, laughed and shook her head. But then she turned her back to him, loosened the straps and actually took her blue striped bikini top off. Then she turned towards him, covering her tits with her arm. She slowly uncovered them in all their small but tight b-cup glory. I was really surprised how daring she suddenly was. My pulse found a new gear, starting to race.
"You know," Arnie said, studying her, "the important thing is how they feel. If their good to touch and squeeze."
Lisa looked at me, jaw dropping in shock at Arnie's impertinence, seemingly. But she couldn't hold back a smile. At that moment I realized that we were at some kind of crossroads. There was a line here somewhere, and if we crossed that, anything could happen.
"Anyway, I need another bath," Lisa said, defusing the situation. The atmosphere was too tense, and an innocent and cooling swim would stop the whole thing from escalating.
Lisa jumped in the water. Topless, but there's not necessarily anything erotic about that? Not crossing any lines, anyway.
"Aren't you coming in?" Lisa laughs, as she splashed water in my direction. I'm still in my swimming shorts, so I just jump in. Arnie gets up and starts undressing. First he takes off his t-shirt. He's quite muscular and tan, so I can't help feeling a bit less of a man. Arnie pulls down his pants, but doesn't stop there. He pulls off his boxers as well, like it's the most natural thing in the world. Lisa gasps, and covers her eyes. But I see her looking between her fingers. Arnies cock isn't erect, but you can really tell that it's quite a large specimen.
Arnie climbs the small cliff behind him, and does an elegant dive into the river. He swims to the end of the river pool, where the water flows rapidly through a small crevice in the rock.
"Have you tried the massage bath over here?" he shouts. "The whirling rapids makes for a real jacuzzi experience!"
"Really?" Lisa swims over to him.
"Look here," Arnie says, "Hold on to this rock and stay upright."
"It's really difficult!" she exclaims. "The stream just pulls me with it."
"I'll hold on to you," Arnie says, and grabs her waist. His hands hold onto her soft curves, not far from her small, pert breasts. "There! Do you feel it?"
"Wow!" Lisa laughs. "It's like a jet in a jacuzzi."
Arnie gets beside her, holding her steady with his arm behind her. This time he lets his hand rest low on her waist, almost down on her tight ass.
"You gotta try floating on your back here," Arnie says. "Look here, I'll keep you floating."
He helps Lisa float on her back in the stream. The sun glitters in the drops of water on her tits, and her black hair spreads over the water surface. He keeps ha hand under the small of her back.
"And now for the main attraction!" He suddenly starts pulling down her bikini briefs.
"No, stop! What are you doing?" Lisa stops him with her hands.
"Just trust me, you'll love it!" He keeps pulling on her pantyline. She makes a few feeble attempts to stop him. "Do you trust me?"
"Oh my god, I must be crazy!" Lisa laughs. "I hope nobody walks by!"
They're both ignoring me now. It's like I'm not even there.
With a quick flourish Arnie pulls off her bikini bottoms and throw them up on the rocks. Now my wife is lying there naked in the river. Her hips and the black triangle of hair between her thighs bobbing near the surface.
"Spread your legs a little," he commands. "Let the stream hit you right there."
"Wow," she whispers and closes her eyes. Small shivers go through her naked body, and I can spot goose bumps on her arms.
Slowly he moves his hand from under her back down towards her ass. His fingers must be approaching her pussy from beneath.
"Oh, that's enough," Lisa says, and frees herself. She must be thinking that things have gone too far. She swims back to the rock in the stream where she stood upright earlier.
"Hey, we can see my cabin from here," Arne says, swimming up beside her.
"Oh? Where?" I can sense a slight panic in Lisa's voice. Eager to defuse the situation with small talk.
Arnie points it out with his left hand, while he again slips his right arm on to her hips from behind. "Of course, I have a real jacuzzi out on the terrace. Can you see it?"
He keeps talking to her, while his hand slips further down her hips. It goes over the firms skin of her buttocks and down under the water surface. Are his fingers feeling their way down under her curves? Stroking their way towards her warm pussy?
Lisa asks questions about his cabin, but isn't her voice rather strained? I can't see what's going on under the surface. But there they are floating side by side, both naked.
Then he glides up behind her. He keeps talking like nothing unusual us going on. But now he's behind her, close up behind her, and they're both without a stitch of clothing. I feel dizzy as I'm trying to grasp what's going on. Is he moving a hand down now, maybe to guide his cock towards my wife's pussy from behind? Is she arching her back a little, maybe to give him access?
Suddenly she screams. She laughs out loud and shakes her head. Tears free from Arnie's arms, before she swims to shore. She gets out of the water and quickly puts her bikini back on.
His fun is apparently over, so Arnie gets out of the water too. The atmosphere is very tense and embarrassed, at least that's how I feel. Arnie gets dressed and says goodbye before he leaves us, heading down the trail.
Lisa and I sit on the warm rocks, letting the sun dry us while we talk.
"What was going through your mind?" Lisa asks. "I mean, you could see him getting really frisky, right?"
"I'm sorry, but I was just speechless. Stunned. Did he try to, you know, sneak his cock into you?"
"I think so. Yeah, of course he did. I felt a hand on one ass cheek, sort of pulling it to the side. Then I felt what must have been his cock. I stopped him with my hand."
"So, you could feel his cock?"
She nodded. "And I was thinking, how the hell is this happening? I'm not a slut that he can just start fucking in front of my husband. Or at all, you know what I mean."
"Of course, you wouldn't, honey. You've never been like that."
She's suddenly thoughtful. "Well, sort of. It reminds me of a time I was at the beach. I was probably nineteen or something. And then it all just happened so fast. I was really decent, never any daring stuff. Anyway, there was a party at the beach. I got to talking with this guy. This man. He was really flirty. He said I should be careful so I didn't get sunburnt. Asked me if I had any tanning lotion, but I didn't. He said he lived right nearby, in a house by the beach. Asked me if I wanted to come along so I could get some sun tan lotion, you know? And I said yes. Oh, god, that's kinda slutty, but it all happened so fast."
"What happened?"
"Well, you know."
"No, just tell me!"
"I can't."
"Was he around your age, nineteen?"
She looked down, blushing. "No, he was someone's dad, some guy I barely knew. Probably in his forties.
I sit up. "Lisa, you have to tell me what happened."
She hesitates. "I went with him, to his house."
"Just wearing a bikini?"
"No, jeans shorts. And a singlet over my bikini top. Vans and ankle socks."
"I'm picturing you."
"Are you getting horny thinking about this, or what?"
"Keep going."
"I feel so embarrassed just remembering this."
"Did you at least get the lotion?"
"OK, he found some lotion. Rubbed it on my shoulders, told me to take off my singlet. I sat on a kitchen chair, he stood behind me. Then he undid the knot, loosened that strap on my bikini top, and I let him do it. He rubbed lotion on my boobs. I was all shiny and slippery now. He pulled down my hotpants, and lay me down on a towel on the floor. Lotion on my legs. I turned over on my tummy. He rubbed lotion on my butt. It all happened so fast, I don't know how, but suddenly his cock was out. I sat on his lap, rubbed against his cock, but kept my bikini briefs on. It was such a horny but dangerous situation, so I felt an orgasm coming on. I felt his hands on my ass, grabbing, pinching. Then his fingers found my pussy. I must have been soaking wet. But when his cock rubbed against my slit I stopped him. I found a condom in the pocket of my hotpants. That's how slutty I was that night, ready for anything. He put the condom on while I watched."
"Slutty, how? You have condoms in your shorts pockets now, haven't you?"
"That's different, moron! We're married. I don't bring them to have sex with random strangers, you know."
She looks at me, then picks a condom out of her side pocket. She hands it to me. I pull down my swimming shorts and release my erect cock. I put the rubber on, and lie down on the rocks on my back. Lisa straddles over my hips.
"Tell me more!" I beg.
She rolls her eyes. "OK, so the guy had a condom on now. He fingered me under the bikini briefs, feeling how wet I was. He lay down on the floor and I sat on top of him. Pulled the briefs aside, sank down on his cock. Started riding him."
Lisa grinds her groin against my stiff cock. I fondle her delicious, smooth ass. Let my fingers slide down to her pussy. She's wet with river water and horny thoughts.
She continues her tale: "I rode the stranger's cock and I came almost right away. God, how embarrassing! I even think I started talking dirty to him. Said something like 'your cock feels so good'."
"What happened next?"
"After I orgasmed I was all sweaty and out of breath. He turned me around so I was on my knees with my ass towards him. He pointed his cock at my pussy and slid it into me. He fucked me from behind for a long time. At last he pulled out and I heard him tearing off the condom. I looked over my shoulder and I saw him cumming all over my ass. Felt the warm cum. Almost like the sun tan lotion. 'Your ass is so fine I just had to cum all over it,' he said."
Lisa slowly starts sinking down on my cock now. The warm tightness of her pussy feels too intense for meg. I try to hold back. Too late. I cum instantly. Blow my load in the condom, like an unexperienced schoolboy.
Lisa freezes and looks me in the eye. She gets up off my cock. "Did you just come?"
"Yes. Sorry, I... It was just too..."
She nods and straightens her bikini briefs, so it covers her up again. I can clearly see that she's unsatisfied. And annoyed. Of course she is. I lamely pull the condom off and pull on my pants. She puts on her jean shorts and her shoes, and sits down on a rock, lost in thoughts. I look at my wife and think that we may have crossed a threshold. But what will happen after this?