Phase 1
It was not tricky to make fresh arrangements -- Des's job allowed for such things, while students were on vacation, and an urgent week-long leave of absence was arranged.
So it was that the next day, when Marnie and Maria re-arranged their flights, they began a five day extension to their 'dream-world', now thrust into harsh reality. The only issue was accommodation. Des scoured the internet, and eventually found a caravan to rent in the lower reaches of the Peak District, which meant they would all be together, and would be close to large centres of population, which would be more viable for their 'project'.
Des and Maria wanted time to plan, and Marnie was content to have an afternoon nap, following the previous night's exertions. They sat, facing each other, Des in shorts and t-shirt, Maria in halter neck bikini top and shorts. All things considered, Des hoped his body would not disgrace itself as their discussion about sexual activity progressed.
'So', he began, 'we want sex. Not to objectify her, but where she feels good about herself, but needs to really let go. So no bukkake, gang bangs or S and M -- but circumstances where she is safe and knows she is sexy as hell. Any ideas?'
Maria considered. 'Well, maybe swinging. The two of us will be there for safety, but it'll be a more charged atmosphere -- at least one new person, maybe more.'
'Good. Do we let the others know about the project?'
'No. Never. It must be only us two. Otherwise, she might be seen as a charity case.' Maria was adamant.
'How about a photoshoot? Just us again, but more hardcore. Using toys, maybe some kinky stuff. Pushing beyond her current limits.'
'And sex with us?' inquired Maria.
He smiled. 'Oh yes'.
Maria smiled as well. Then her face suddenly lifted, as she had another idea.
'How about webcams? You said you knew a site where people watched. Let's make her a webcam star.'
'Oh yes,' enthused Des. 'But we should direct, not participate. Make her the star.'
'Something else', pondered Maria. 'But what?'
While they had been chatting, Des had been idly scouring the internet, and suddenly, as if fate were guiding his hand, he hit on the perfect thing. He turned the laptop round to show Maria. She smiled broadly.
'It's perfect. She loves those things -- and this time, she can be the star!'
It was a hypnotist, performing in a small club. Marnie adored hypnotism and was fascinated by the whole concept. The advert made it clear -- 'Mes Meric' (interesting name) performed to adult only audiences. Further checks on his website made it clear that his show was very risqué, and invited contact from people with birthdays/stag or hen nights/other events to set up an individual. It couldn't have been better.
'I need to make a few calls', said Des. 'I'll let you know how it goes'.
On the long drive to the Peaks, Des reflected on their plans. A photographic studio had been booked, with access to several different sets -- Des had booked three -- a medical set, a Victorian bedroom and a 'wet' set. It looked good, and he had booked four hours the following afternoon.
Next, he had looked up 'swinger clubs', and from the handful nearby, had chosen one which seemed reputable and had rules which ensured fun and safety. Having called and explained his situation (a man with two ladies might seem a little odd), he had been assured that they would be able to get in and, if what he said was correct, be welcomed with open arms.
Finally, it was the hypnotist. He had spoken to someone claiming to be 'Mes Meric's' secretary (though he suspected it was the hypnotist himself) and explained that it was Marnie's last evening in the UK, and he wanted her to have something to remember. He had been amazed at the detail requested -- not just physical appearance, but the size of clothing, personal preferences, interests. It had been impressive attention to detail, but rather unnecessary.
After several hours, they arrived at the caravan park and checked in. The accommodation was far more Spartan this time -- a double bed and twin fold-down beds -- but it was adequate. While the girls settled in and unpacked, Des walked to the small site shop and purchased food and drink for their stay.
They settled to rest after the journey, and by the time Des awoke, it was dark -- almost 10pm.
Student Fun
Outside, however, things were less quiet -- he could hear talk and laughter from nearby caravans, and as it became louder, Marnie and Maria were both aroused.
'Shall we go and join in?' asked Maria.
Des considered, before responding in the affirmative. They changed quickly into appropriate clothing for the warm evening and headed outside, armed with a persuasive box of wine.
Outside, they happened upon a camp fire, with eight people sitting around. They introduced themselves and were invited to sit and join the 'party'. Names were exchanged and instantly forgotten, and there was an easy flow of chat as wine or beer was drunk and joints were circulated. It transpired that their companions were students, from a local University, gathering for fun and a 'blow out' before returning. There were two who identified themselves as couples, and four singles -- two male and two female.
As the party progressed, the atmosphere became increasingly hedonistic, until one of the young men stood up and shouted 'spin the bottle'. This was met with a ragged cheer -- clearly it was something which this group did when drunk -- and one of the girls turned to Des to clarify.
'It's what we do. We get drunk, we play spin the bottle. The dares get more... er... challenging the more drunk we get. If you don't want to play, we'll understand.'
'Count us in', exploded Maria. Marnie seemed unsure, but knowing that she was safe with us, and that this may contribute to her therapy, she joined in.
So, they sat in a circle, all ten of them, and the game began.
So experienced at the game were the students, that they had 'dare' cards printed and ready, and the game proceeded.
Essentially, the dares were rather juvenile. Kissing one another, singing silly songs, downing drinks in one -- nothing challenging at all. Des and his companions joined in, feeling rather childish, but having fun all the same. A change came when two of the student girls were required to kiss. Their kiss was long, sensual and their bodies pressed together as they clearly relished the moment, breaking apart gasping and with nipples plainly erect.
After this, one of the single girls was required to kiss one of the 'attached' men. This time, it was not just nipples which became erect -- or partly so -- and the young man's cock was plainly engorged. No time was lost commenting on this, and his girlfriend, far from being upset, seemed delighted, and massaged him to full hardness through his shorts.
'Time for the 'special' dares, I think', suggested the girlfriend of 'Mr Hard-on'.
The cards were gathered in and replaced.
'Hang on,' said one young man -- good looking in that 'lanky' way which young men seem to carry so well. 'Let's explain the rules for our guests. It's simple really. Either take a dare, or lose an item of clothing. If you refuse a dare, lose two items. If you're naked, either a dare from the cards or from the person who spins.'
'Excellent', said Maria.
Once again, Marnie looked reluctant, so the young man spoke up again:
'It's ok if you don't want to play. We understand. You can drop out any time.'
Marnie steeled herself and nodded.
Des had been intrigued up to this point -- these were students like the ones he lectured -- he wondered if his students got up to these antics in their private time. He was quite sure they did -- such a shame he never got to join in! He suddenly decided that things needed to move on before the younger participants were too drunk to play.
'How about we skip the dares and just lose an item of clothing each spin? Then we can have naked dares later.'
Apprehensive looks were exchanged, and for a moment it seemed that one or two of the students were getting cold feet. However, Kayleigh, an attractive brunette who had seemed 'up for anything' suddenly spoke up.
'I'm cool with that -- but can we have our usual rules -- no fucking, sucking or hand jobs. We always say that so it doesn't cause a problem for those who are together.'
'Of course,' agreed Des, 'seems very sensible. What about kissing and stroking yourself -- that sort of stuff?'
Kayleigh, in her role as self-appointed spokes-person, looked around the group, who each signalled their assent.
'Sure -- it's how we've played before, on a few very drunk occasions -- like the infamous wanking race', she giggled, before the whole group started to laugh.
Des and Maria both knew that this was another phase of 'Project Marnie' -- getting naked with, and possibly performing sex acts with a group of strangers. This was a non-threatening group, only after fun, and in many ways would make a nice stepping stone before the swinger club.
So, they began. The bottle spun and clothes were lost. Maria was first to actually expose anything of interest, losing her bra and bearing her breasts for the appreciation of the group as a whole.
This may have been a good thing, as Kayleigh and another of the girls in the group were next to go topless. Des had almost forgotten how young breasts were different to their fully mature counterparts, and although Kayleigh was fully developed and revealed a fine, firm pair, with erect nipples pointing darkly upwards, her friend (Chell or Bel) was clearly a later developer. Her swellings were moderate, and her nipples possessed the translucence which would be lost as she aged. Des almost felt it was wrong to look, but after reminding himself that this girl was at least 18, and maybe a year older, he gazed confidently, enjoying memories of his teenage years.
Maria and Des had kept a careful eye on Marnie, knowing her apprehension. However, as they looked at her, there was no question that she was becoming more wide-eyed, living a scene which she had possibly fantasized about many times while playing on line strip poker -- and with the safety net that she would not be required to perform sexual acts -- simply to get naked.
It was one of the young men who was first naked -- sliding off his boxer shorts confidently, exposing a semi-erect penis of perfectly acceptable proportion. Like many young men, he had few taboos about nudity, and made no effort to hide himself.
A couple more spins -- Des was in boxers, Maria panties and Marnie still in t-shirt, bra and panties. Their friends were now becoming increasingly exposed -- all the girls now topless, two lads naked and one in boxers -- in fact, the girls were having a pretty good time so far.
Next -- Bel or Chel lost her panties. She had a slim, almost boyish body, and her auburn hair dictated that her pubic her would be sparse. It was, and the fine slit between her legs could easily be seen -- although she kept her legs together to ensure that there would be no better view -- at least -- not yet.
The third girl in the group then lost her bra -- she was a bigger girl all round, and her breasts flopped low as she exposed them -- her areola diffuse, almost blending in to her breast with a barely discernible nipple crowning them.
And then, luck changed -- Marnie lost first one, then another spin, and it was time for her to lose her bra. The tension was almost palpable -- everyone had noticed how beautiful she was, and everyone had been desperate for this moment, and as she reached behind, she hesitated, feeling every eye gazing intently at her. She fiddled with the bra clasp, her hands shaking, before undoing first one, then the other clip. Feeling massively self conscious, she slid the bra from her shoulders, and, unlike all the other girls, tried to cover herself with her arms.
'Go on,' chided Maria, 'Show them'.
Slowly Marnie moved her arms aside to reveal her awesome physique. All the students made sounds of appreciation, and Kayleigh was quick to summarize their view:
'Babe, if I had boobs like that, I would want to share them with the world!'
A few more spins, and people started to be naked, the guys waving erections around openly, while the girls became coy about the unruly bush of pubic hair, or neatly trimmed or shaven triangle between their thighs. This time, when Marnie lost, she seemed less self-conscious -- maybe because of the wine, or just because the small piece of fabric which covered her was really not significant, and it was hardly as if there was much to see -- just the top of her small, neat slit.
The dares started, and it was soon clear that they would be far from extreme -- kissing, licking, stroke for a minute, lick or suck for a minute. The only real surprise was that in such a rather staid group of sexual experimenters, same sex contact was not taboo.
First Maria, then Marnie, found themselves being licked by girls and guys who had previously been strangers. Marnie was tense, uncomfortable, but needed just gentle chiding to move ahead with the game. Des also found that he was to have his first experience of oral sex with another man.
First, he found himself dared to lick a cock from balls to tip 50 times. For the first time, his love of exploration almost failed him -- but if Marnie saw him back out, it would undo all their hard work. So, he looked at the 7 inches of erect flesh just centimetres before him, and leaned forward. He licked up and down, encouraged loudly by the girls, and surprised that he had actually quite enjoyed it -- the smooth texture of the glans especially.
As the game progressed, he also experienced being sucked by another guy (surprisingly pleasant, probably because guys know exactly what how they like to be stimulated), and taking a hard penis into his mouth, working the sensitive head with his tongue, while sliding his lips up and down the shaft. His enthusiasm to do this, he rationalized, was because he always wanted to give pleasure -- no matter who the recipient might be.
He was, however, relieved that he was not too good. Although he had, on occasion, licked his own semen off the body of female partners, he was not feeling ready to receive a mouthful of warm cum from someone else. Maybe, he reflected later, it was something that could happen in the future -- especially with a 'no holds barred' swinging evening planned.
Maria leaned against Des, deliberately pushing her naked body against him provocatively:
'Where's all this leading?' She whispered.
'By the looks of it, nowhere,' replied Des, 'God alone knows how anyone's going to finish when all the dares stop after a minute, max.'
Maria nodded. 'What say we give it five minutes, and if nothing else happens, we can go and finish off together.'
Des nodded -- they were both rather bored with student games, and tired after the drive.
However, there was no need for any uncomfortable exit. The students were, it appeared, also becoming bored.
'How about a skinny dip in the river?' suggested one of the young men.
'Yay, skinny dip,' repeated one of the girls, and they stood up, almost as one, and started to run towards the sound of gently running water in the background.
Maria, Marnie and Des remained seated, despite Kayleigh almost begging them to go. They were tired and wanted to get to bed, once their sexual tensions had been dispelled.
Des and Maria looked at Marnie.
'Well? That was fun, wasn't it -- you're lucky -- any of those girls would have killed to look like you.' Maria suggested.
Marnie looked uncertain for a second, then nodded and smiled. They all knew that the days of playing stripping games on line had been fun, but fear of moving to real games had always restricted them from finding out the true pleasure of being looked at by virtual strangers, naked and unashamed. For some, reality caused more trauma than pleasure -- for these three, reality had just been fun and pleasure.
They returned to their caravan, and agreed to finish together, watching one another. So Marnie and Maria lay back, heads together, thighs spread until their knees touched, and carried out their own quick masturbation -- tapping and rubbing the lubricated slit between their legs, breathing increasing rapidly. Des knelt above their faces, rubbing vigorously, wanting to cum on their mouths and faces.
As Des ejaculated his warm semen in spurts and globs, then trickles and drips, both girls reached their climaxes, crying out, red faced and sweating. He offered his twitching member to each in turn to suck the final drops from him.
Ultimately, after quickly cleaning themselves with tissues, they reached the silent consensus that the night was over, and settled together, lovingly entwined, for the kind of sleep which can happen only after total satisfaction.
Photoshoot
The following morning, they slept late, slowly rising for breakfast. They all ate naked. It was an intriguing step, as previously Marnie had always seemed to equate nudity with sex. That she was content to sit naked, along with Maria and Des showed her growing self-confidence and lowering inhibitions. One at a time, they took showers in the shower block.
Des and Maria took their one to one time with Marnie to prepare her for the shoot. She was aware that this was not going to be a nice, safe glamour shoot, that she was to be part of a very adult experience, very intimate, and if not hard core, certainly amounting to porn. She was clearly apprehensive, but, once again, the reassurance that she would not be hurt or abused, and her determination to unlock her sexuality and make her personality whole made her grit her teeth and nod.
Marie and Des made preparations of a different kind. A quick check on the internet had shown a sex shop in the nearby city. It was part of a major chain of such shops, and stocked some of the items which would be used to take the photoshoot into new territory for Marnie. They discussed their own roles as well -- as photographers and participants.
Without question, they knew they would need to take part -- mostly to involve Marnie in real sex acts -- but also because they knew that they would also be incredibly horny -- indeed, during the discussion, Maria playfully reached under the table, to find a rigid cock, which sent her into a fit of giggles. Des in turn felt her well-lubricated hole, easily inserting two fingers before she wriggled away.
'Not now,' she gasped, 'save it for later'. She was right, of course -- Des needed to be ready and full of cum for the shoot. 'I'm going to finish myself, though', she grinned, reaching down inside her robe and rubbing.
'So unfair,' moaned Des, watching, erection on display, as Maria rubbed, her breath becoming shorter before a final gasp.
'Always nice to rub out a quickie,' she smiled, closing her robe and looking as if butter wouldn't melt in her mouth, as she licked her juices from her fingers.
'Yes -- I'd love to,' replied Des. 'Now sod off and get shopping'.
Laughing, Maria went to get dressed, and was just ready to leave on her 'shopping trip' as Marnie arrived.
It was almost 2 hours before Maria returned, during which, Des and Marnie talked. Marnie still did not have her full voice, but would whisper simple responses to Des's questions. It was clear that she was trying, but the words stuck. Her brain would short circuit, and her frustration was evident, as she stammered and stuttered to reply in anything but a whisper. Her face became red and flushed and her hands balled into fists.
It was at this time that Des saw clearly how there was a need to complete the circuit -- to drag the words from her kicking and screaming -- and in this case, it was her inhibitions which were holding her back. Once broken, once she had experienced sex in an open and uninhibited way, she could reform her fears based on her new experiences, and not the disasters of the past. Essentially, as a young woman, she was going to experience teenage fantasies. Then, she could use those to develop her own sexual identity and express herself as she wanted to.
Des had some reservations. He worried that he might unleash a porn star on the world, or that she would enjoy her experiences so much she would become dis-satisfied with a 'normal' sex life and drift into depravation. He reasoned, however, that at least it would be her decision, and that he and Maria would have empowered her. He also wondered if her speech loss might be more physical in nature, but the doctors simply hadn't found the cause. For now, however, it was labelled as 'functional', and the main treatment was psychological.
Some two hours later, Maria returned, loaded with food and several mysterious bags which remained in the car. The first priority was food, and they quickly prepared and ate a hearty meal, before Des loaded the car with photographic equipment and Maria and Marnie loaded it with outfits -- the point of which Des was unsure, as much of the time, Marnie was going to be naked.
Finally, they all clambered into the car and set out for the studio.
They arrived and parked, few words being exchanged as Des grabbed the keys from the owner and opened the door. There was tension, almost tangible tension as they walked forward. Although only 3 studio sets had been booked, they were, in fact, the only people there. The owner had told them to take their time as there were no other bookings, but to stick to the agreed sets -- simply to avoid the need to unlock every door and tidy up afterwards.
'I think we'll do 'wet' last,' suggested Des. 'Good chance for a shower. Let's go for Victorian bedroom first, then medical.'
Maria took control. 'Right -- let's get changed. Victorian dress and underwear. Let's all change. Des -- just the thing for you in here.'
Marnie looked surprised and tried to say so. Maria, however, pre-empted her complaints.
'Yes, we're doing this as well. Partly to 'up the ante' on the content, also to show we're in it too. We all have copies of the photos and if they go anywhere, we're all involved!'
Marnie seemed relieved by this, but less so when Maria explained the set up.
'I got you a Victorian maid outfit. I'm lady of the house and his lordship's not his lordship. He's the gamekeeper.'
No doubt, Maria had a serious talent for this type of creative costumery, and we all disappeared to change.
As well as changing, Des needed to set up cameras. He had brought two and hired a third. He and Maria would be using the first two to shoot from hand. The third, however, would be set on a timer, capturing images every 10 seconds. It was this which needed most careful setting to ensure the action was fully captured.
'OK', continued Maria 'I'll start with some pics of you two kissing next to my glamorous four poster. I catch you and prepare to punish you both. I'm directing this one, so do as you're told.' She eyed Des -- 'especially you, or your punishment will be even worse!' The wicked grin made Des aware that he was about to experience a few things himself.
Marnie's outfit looked authentic. She wore the black and white archetypal uniform of a Victorian household maid. Des could only conjecture as to what lay beneath.
Des, meanwhile wore a loose white blouse and rough trousers, tucked into working boots. He had no underwear -- probably authentic for the time.
Maria picked up a camera and started to direct.
'Looking at each other.... closer... hold hands.... strong eye contact. Lovely. Closer. Push together... kiss... grab her butt and squeeze... pull her in so she can feel how hard you are. Reach down and grab his cock... rub it through his pants... smile... kiss... hard... now grope her boob. That's it rub it. Keep your hand on his cock. Undo the belt and reach inside. Let the pants fall... keep stroking. Great. Now my grand entrance -- leave it to the automatic camera.
They proceeded with a scene -- the lady of the house, elegantly dressed appeared to find her maid stroking the gamekeeper's cock. She feigned shock and he tried to cover himself. Then, a lascivious expression came over her face. She told him to leave his trousers around his knees, while she enjoyed looking at his erection. Next came the punishment.
Initially, Des was sent to take charge of the camera and Maria was able to get into role as the sadistic aristocrat. First, her servant was ordered to strip, then bend over the end of the bed while her hands were tied to the bedposts. She was then directed to stand.
Marnie's strip was superb. She removed her authentic outfit smoothly, striking poses and needing no direction. The only hiccup came when she went to bend over the bed. Her sudden awareness that she would be openly displaying both of her most intimate holes instantly produced apprehension. However, though her face cracked briefly, she bent forward, spread her arms and allowed Maria to bind her.
Des continued to shoot image after image -- wide angle, showing the full extent of her predicament and close up, capturing every dip and fold of her orifices.
Maria now opened her shopping bag, producing firstly a ball gag. Once again, Marnie's pupils dilated as she realised that she was about to be gagged, followed by acceptance as the gag was put in place and securely fastened. Des could not help thinking that Maria seemed just too good at this, and wondered if she had enjoyed previous experience as a dominatrix. Next she produced a paddle and light whip, spanking Marnie gently at first, then more vigorously, making her buttocks rosie red and causing her pussy to glisten as she produced more and more lubricant.
Next, she produced a dildo -- not a small one -- at least 12 inches long and with a girth to match. As the cameras clicked, she placed a hand between Marnie's thighs, testing to see if she was fully lubricated. She was, and Maria parted her lips with her fingers, before placing the dildo against her inner lips and pushing gently.
Gradually, the monstrous cock-substitute disappeared, and Des alternated between photographing the shock on Marnie's face and the seemingly impossible elasticity of her vagina. With about 9 or 10 inches inside, capacity was reached, and Maria began to slide the object in and out, at the same time stroking Marnie's exposed clitoris. As Des recorded image after image, Marnie's face became redder and redder and her breathing became shorter, as if she was struggling to breathe at all. Suddenly, with an almighty grunt, she achieved orgasm, squirting liquid on to the floor as Des captured every detail of her response.
Maria was still not finished, however, and reaching in to her bag, produced a double headed sex toy. Marnie was soaked, and, Des assumed, would barely feel the smaller phallus enter her -- the other, however, would be entering her anus, and this was a form of sex with which Marnie was unfamiliar. Maria gently parted her buttocks and inserted a finger coated in lubricant. Marnie twitched and tried to resist, but a sharp slap on her red and very sensitive cheeks soon stopped her.
The double dildo slid easily into her pussy, and the lubricant helped to guide the other section smoothly into her back passage. Des knew that the images he was creating would sell to any porn site -- they were more erotic than any he had ever taken before, and his member was rock hard against the rough fabric of his trousers. As he watched, Maria walked round and climbed onto the bed. She opened her thighs, lifting her skirts to reveal large knickerbockers, with a hole cut neatly around her crotch. She removed the ball gag and positioned Marnie's head.
'Lick me', she ordered. And Marnie did, bringing her to a swift and explosive orgasm.
Marnie was untied, and maybe because of her lowering inhibitions, made no effort to cover up, but simply stood, gasping for breath.
'Wow,' she whispered -- almost in a full voice, but not quite. Loud enough for us both to hear though. 'Was amazing.'
Maria clapped her hands and whooped. 'I knew it. You liked it! Now you get to punish the gamekeeper'.
Des was suddenly taken aback. He thought his role had been finished, but now, it seemed, Marnie was going to get the chance to swap roles and experience domination as well.
Maria grabbed the camera and took over the photography.
'Right, Des -- strip naked'.
He did, first removing the boots, then pulling the shirt over his head and finally dropping his trousers to expose his erection.
'I knew you were enjoying that,' smiled Maria. 'Now, bend over the bed and let's see what our prim and proper friend has learned.'
Des wanted to object, but realised he was trapped. Marnie had gone through this, and so must he. He bent forward and laid his hands on the bed as Marnie had done.
Marnie now became a willing participant and tied his hands, just as Maria had done.
Presented with his exposed buttocks and balls hanging below, she began by squeezing his balls, just hard enough to make him gasp and cry out -- just loud enough for her to run off and find the ball gag and make sure he could not object further. Returning to his genitals, she reached beneath and grabbed him hard, then pulled his cock painfully. From the bag, she withdrew a length of beads -- which in some ways relieved him. He had never been one for anal play, and he had feared something much larger.
As he lay there, he actually found that he was hugely curious about how this would feel, and his naturally open minded nature made him see this as a new adventure.
'Don't forget the lube,' called Maria -- much to his relief, 'Why don't you lick him a bit first though?'
There was a pause. Maria was clearly nervous, but he felt her hands either side of his ass and then her tongue began to flicker around his balls. He was hugely excited now and feared that he might just shoot his load on to the bed. However, she moved upwards, licking between his cheeks, flickering around his anus, touching sensitive skin and causing sensations which he had never experienced before.
All too quickly, however, she pulled back. He heard her walk a few paces and then return. His buttocks were parted, and her finger applied the lubricant, at first externally, then slipping inside and giving him his first experience of prostate stimulation. It was good.
The beads entered -- first small and gradually getting larger. As each slipped in, he registered a new sensation, and once fully inside, she slowly began to withdraw it. His mind exploded and he was certain that he would spill his seed. But he didn't. He found out how to have an orgasm without squirting his semen, and the intense pleasure, along with the knowledge that it could be repeated time and again without needing to stop as his member twitched down and became useless.
Then it was over. Marnie withdrew the magic wand, came to his head and undid the ball gag before releasing his arms.
All were breathless, and all had enjoyed thunderous orgasms -- and all were ready to do it again.
They washed, mainly to get rid of the lubricant, (and for Marnie to clean her teeth!) and came together again by the coffee machine, all ready for a warm drink, but desperate to move on.
The next set was labelled 'Medical', and they approached the sterile, surgical area with some apprehension. Maria had already pushed Des beyond his usual limits, which he welcomed, but this scenario offered many more temptations. If Des was apprehensive, Marnie looked positively terrified, aware that she was the main focus of the shoot.
The table in the centre of the room was the main prop, along with cupboards and shelves, all white and sterile.
Maria looked at the set and smiled. 'I always liked playing doctors and nurses when I was a kid,' she stated.
'I think we know who's going to be the patient,' smiled Maria, looking at Marnie. 'You can start off wearing street clothes -- Dr. Des -- here's your white coat and stethoscope. I'm on camera this time.'
Once again, there was the three camera set up -- this time two set to automatic, with Maria using the third. The lighting was stark and clinical -- almost too bright. As before, Maria instructed them to play a scene -- this time, Des was going to examine Marnie, before breaking every Hippocratic oath and breaching the doctor-patient relationship horrendously.
They began, initially sitting talking, before Des stood and went to check Marnie's glands and look at her throat. The next logical progression, of course, was to check her lungs and heartbeat. Marnie stood and removed her jacket and blouse, sitting again in nothing but her bra. Again, Des checked, her stomach, glands under her armpits and palpated her breasts, checking for any tenderness. He then decided that it would be better for her to remove her bra. Checking with his stethoscope, he again examined her breasts, this time checking her nipples, pinching them, causing them to erect beautifully, and making Marnie gasp as he applied pressure.
Suddenly, Maria stopped them.
'I have a little something which might help to monitor any sensitivity,' she grinned, 'the latest medical device, connected to a computer to provide information on blood flow.' It was clear that this was untrue, but might be the sort of yarn which an unscrupulous doctor might spin. Once again, she reached into the bag, producing a small package. 'Vibrating nipple clamps,' she announced, 'the perfect tool for any doctor.
She inserted the small battery, and handed them to Des, before resuming her photographic duties.
Des returned to his patient, and opened the clamps, which, he felt, were quite heavy. He attached one to each nipple, making Marnie draw a sharp breath and continue to hyperventilate, both due to pain and stimulation. He twisted the small switch, and heard the vibration as the clamps increased the stimulus on Marnie's already erect nipples.
'D..d..d..don't r..r..r..rip them o..off..ff'.
Marnie had spoken. Not loudly, but clearly enough, despite the stammer. It was the first sign that this was working, and Maria and Des exchanged a delighted smile. Even Marnie, despite her current predicament, realised the significance, and smiled with them.
Then it was back to business. Des indicated that Marnie should lie on the table, which probably pleased her, as it would reduce the impact of gravity on her distended nipples. Des removed her shoes and then lifted her skirt to remove her panties. It did not escape his notice how wet the panties were and how her pussy glistened as he gazed at it. He pulled her legs apart, giving Marnie ample opportunity to once again photograph her most intimate places, then parted her fleshy, almost scarlet lips, revealing her clitoris and inner lips. He rubbed her clitoris, making her moan, before Maria tapped his shoulder and handed him an essential piece of equipment for any doctor -- a speculum.
Des removed her skirt and set her thighs wide apart. Now naked, Maria took more photographs of Marnie lying back, thighs wide apart, clad only in two nipple clamps. Des examined the speculum. It was clearly not from a medical supplier, and Des was amazed that a sex shop would stock such things -- it was totally transparent, meaning that not only would her cunt be spread wide, but every single detail would be totally visible.
Des closed the speculum and placed it against Marnie's inner lips. Although a doctor might have needed lubricant, none was necessary. He slid it deep inside her, causing her to gasp and writhe, before allowing it to open, revealing every tiny detail of the inner parts of Marnie's body. Still, Maria shot image after image as he bent to examine her.
Finally, the speculum was removed, and now was time for Des participate. He began by massaging Marnie's clitoris, enjoying the squelching sounds and sweet scent of her juices, knowing that she would gladly have taken him deep inside her. He moved up her body, removing the nipple clamps and seeing her incredibly distended and mis-shapen nipples. He bent and kissed them, each in turn, wanting to be tender, sucking them and rolling his tongue around them.
'Time you stripped,' called Maria.
So he did, removing his clothes as Marnie watched and Maria snapped. His erection felt huge, straining and ready to burst. He approached Marnie and placed it next to her mouth. She opened her lips and took his glans and shaft deep inside. Momentarily, he feared he might explode there and then into her throat -- probably choking her with what was likely to come out. However, he held back and withdrew.
'Bend her over the table', directed Maria.
He did so and thrust easily into her warm wetness, sliding in and out, building a rhythm which made her gasp as his hand reached below to stroke her clit. Suddenly, she tensed, and he felt her inner muscles grip him hard as her orgasm overtook her. Again he held back, thrusting again against the rhythmic tensing and relaxing as her orgasm continued, feeling her wetness increase and her juices run down his leg.
'Now in her ass,' the director called. Both Des and Marnie looked at Maria, surprised, but she was adamant. 'Just do it.'
He reached for lubricant, this time turning Marnie on her back and lifting her legs high in the air. He reached down and inserted a finger in her anus, watching the look of surprise on her face as the finger massaged, spreading the lubricant. Then he pressed his cock onto the small hole, and slowly slipped in, revelling in the tightness, and delighted that she seemed to be enjoying it rather than suffering pain. She opened her eye and looked at him, clearly accepting the situation, and finding it pleasurable.
Then he began to move. Once more her tightness almost made him cum instantly, but he held back. His movement seemed to cause her more discomfort, but as momentum built, she seemed to grow accustomed to it, reaching down and frantically tapping her clit to achieve yet another orgasm.
Des withdrew, and turned, gasping, to Maria: 'What now?'
'Ha! Like you don't know, she replied. 'Your turn, big boy. Shoot your load all over her face, then stick it in her mouth so she can suck you dry.'
It was exactly what he wanted to hear, and he climbed onto the table, kneeling astride Marnie's chest in order to give her a close up view.
His balls were already tight as he took his cock in hand, aimed directly at her mouth and started to wank himself. It took barely a dozen strokes before he came, great gobs of semen ejaculating at high speed into her mouth, onto her cheeks, covering one eye and (to her irritation) adding gel to her hair. He moved down her body, gathering her tits in his hands and forcing them together around his cock, wiping cum between them and rubbing it in with his hands. Finally, he climbed off her and knelt next to her head, putting his cock in her mouth and savouring the painful ecstasy as she sucked the final few drops from him, before releasing him and lying back, cum still across her face and boobs, but she too exhausted to wipe it off.
'Woohoo!!' cheered Maria, bringing her 'models' back to the real world. 'That was amazing! I bet we could sell these for a fortune!'
'What now?' asked Des. 'I'm going to need a rest before I'm up to that again.'
Maria pondered. 'Well, wet room now. How about two girls in the Jacuzzi, then finish off with all three in the showers?'
Des considered. It sounds good. He would have the camera for a while, watching those two. It would give him time to rest and recharge ready for the shower.
If the previous two sets had been almost brutal, the Jacuzzi was the opposite. The two naked girls began by washing one another. Maria soaped Marnie's breasts, tweaking the nipples gently, the soap allowing her fingers to slide and caress where previously they had pinched. Turning her around, Maria washed Marnie's back, massaging gently, calling forth drawn out moans of pleasure as the expert caresses removed the tension, before moving to her buttocks. Again, kneading and stroking, fingers sliding between her cheeks and cleansing her, washing away the vigorous, aggressive sex of before.
Marnie sat on the side of the tub, legs spread, and allowed Maria to lather her, stroking her inner thighs, teasing, moving from feet to groin and back again, using her thumbs to manipulate the tendons in her groin, until Marnie almost begged her to caress her sex. And finally, Maria did, stroking, gently parting her lips to rub the hard little button beneath.
Having washed her entire body, Maria repeated her motions with her tongue, licking, then sucking nipples, kissing her full on the mouth, and having those kisses returned willingly and gratefully. Then her back. Again, kissing along her spine, running her tongue down the cleft of her buttocks to the nape of her neck, and spreading her cheeks to tenderly kiss the dark hole, which Marnie had only today learned could be a source of pleasure.
Next, it was on to the front again. This time, Maria was less patient, only teasing briefly, before hungrily kissing, licking and sucking as Marnie achieved yet another orgasm.
The roles reversed, and now Marnie was required to demonstrate her learning. She was clearly a very capable student, and her ministrations with hands, fingers and tongue were deft, tender and utterly exciting. Maria reached her climax with a great cry, grabbing Marnie's head and forcing it between her thighs as she shuddered and gasped, enjoying the after-shocks for some time after her initial peak.
The two friends, who until a few days ago had never considered one another as sexual beings now kissed long and deep, tasting one another's juices.
It remained only to shower, and all agreed that photography of this was really unnecessary. Together, their bodies entwined, the washed one another, all being thoroughly cleansed, and although Des became hard, and both girls enjoyed stroking and sucking him, he did not achieve another orgasm -- still drained from his previous exertions, and preferring to hold back for whatever the rest of the day might hold.
On their return to their lodging, they ate heartily, before retiring early to rest in preparation for the following day. It seemed Des had only been asleep for a few minutes before he felt Marnie crawl into the bed beside him.
This time, they made love. Their kisses were gentle, they moved up and down one another's body, kissing, licking, sucking and stroking. Finally, Des entered her, and they made love to a slow, smooth rhythm, climaxing simultaneously.
Before sleeping, Des decided to engage Marnie in conversation.
'Are you ok?'
She nodded.
'I think we both had new experiences today. You more than me. How do you feel about it?'
'Mmmm,' she murmured non-comitally.
'I found that I was surprised to enjoy things which I would never have tried otherwise.' He continued to probe.
'Yes,' she whispered, 'I liked some things too.'
'Which were your favourites?'
She giggled. 'I'm embarrassed.'
'OK,' he continued, 'I always thought I would dislike being penetrated. As it was, I got quite turned on. I wouldn't want to do it regularly, but it won't hold any fears in the future.'
She giggled again nestled closer to him. 'Yes, I was surprised I didn't mind that too much. I got very turned on by the toys and... well... I loved dominating you.'
He laughed and raised himself on one elbow. 'You need some kinky leather gear -- but no whips!'
She reached up and flipped him on his back, straddling him.
'Dddd...id y..y...y..ou enj..jj...j..oy it?'
'Maybe. Why? Wanna try it again?'
'Maybe.' This time she spoke clearly and aloud, with no stammer.
Des looked at her to see if she realised that she had spoken aloud, and the second time, had not stammered. She seemed not to have noticed.
'I think it may work,' he stated.
'What? Oh!' she suddenly realised the significance of what had happened.
Leaning forward, she kissed him, her breasts flattening on his chest as he felt himself becoming hard again. Once more, they made love. This time she was not passive, nor acting a role, but in charge, riding him, her breasts gyrating as she bounced, until she chose to turn and offer a clear view of her perfect ass and his cock plunging deep inside her. Again, their orgasms were simultaneous -- and this time, it was she who was in control.
Swinging times
The following day was one of rest. Maria and Marnie took off to do some clothes shopping, while Des downloaded the images from their cameras.
As he reviewed them, it was a major feat to stop himself from masturbating. He checked the images from all three cameras, then set about developing slide shows for each set. They could watch them later, he decided, before setting out for the swinger club.
Maria and Marnie were out most of the day, enjoying the designer shops, and remembering what it was that made them such good friends.
They returned late in the afternoon, loaded with bags, and, as Maria put it, 'ready to put on a fashion show'.
Maria was not joking either. In the limited space of the caravan, they pulled across the curtain and started to change. Des, meanwhile, reached for a camera. If they wanted to pose, someone really ought to record it.
One at a time, they appeared. At first wearing typical street clothes -- jeans and tops, skirts and dresses. Each time, they pulled back the curtain and posed -- Marnie superbly, every inch the model, and Maria in her relaxed, fun loving style, giggling, pushing out a hip, bending to give him a good view of her backside, or leaning forward to show how the item gaped, revealing her bra.
Then they stopped and Maria popped her head round the curtain.
'That was casual wear, now a couple of more formal items.'
First Marnie appeared, wearing a long turquoise gown. It clung superbly to her figure, enhancing every curve. The neckline plunged below her breasts, and the back was cut away almost to her buttocks. She shifted, allowing a leg to appear through a slit almost to her thigh.
Next came Maria. Her choice was a halter neck gown -- sexy beyond belief. The lower section consisted of strips of red fabric, each swaying with her movements, revealing her legs and stopping just below her panties. She lifted her arm and leaned forward, exposing the side of her breast, tantalizingly covering her nipple, but offering any man the suspicion that if he was in just the right position, or if she moved just a little more, her entire breast would be revealed.
All the time, Des clicked happily with the camera, loving their private show, solely for him.
Again, both disappeared, and Des wondered if the show was over.
'Are those your dresses for tonight?' he called.
Maria's head popped out again.
'Oh no. We're saving those for later. They're very sexy indeed.'
Des wondered what they had in mind, and smiled to himself.
Maria disappeared again, then once more popped her head round the curtain.
'Would you like to see the lingerie?'
He laughed. 'What do you think?'
Maria laughed and disappeared again.
The next time the curtain was pulled back, she was wearing matching silk bra and panties, along with stockings and suspenders. She looked stunning as she posed, turning to reveal her gorgeous ass, covered by a thin layer of fabric.
Next came Marnie. She wore emerald green, this time translucent, offering a hazy glimpse of nipple and the crack of her backside through French knickers which shimmered and swayed with each movement.
Next Maria in a purple and black basque. Clips were attached to hold up her black fishnet stockings, and she wore the briefest thong, barely concealing the treasure beneath.
Then Marnie again. A red and black waspie cinching her waist, red and black bra -- this time with holes through which her nipples protruded and again a thong. As she bent forward, the thong virtually disappeared, almost, tantalizingly exposing her lips.
In conclusion, both appeared from behind the curtain and took a bow as Des applauded and whistled.
He checked his watch.
'Much as I would love to continue, we need to be heading off in a little while. We need to eat, we need to shower and get changed -- and I want us to watch the little slide show I've put together -- just to get us in the mood.'
They set to and prepared themselves a meal, as none had eaten properly during the day. They ate Des's hastily prepared spaghetti Bolognese and devoured the cakes, which Marnie and Maria had picked up during their shopping trip.
Next, they settled to watch the slide show. Marnie snuggled up close to Des, and as they watched their exploits, she squeezed his hand, or turned her face into his shoulder.
What was crucial, however, was that she showed little embarrassment. Sometimes, she would speak out loud, saying: 'Oh no!' or: 'Oh my God'. Whenever she used her voice, Des and Maria would exchange a glance, recognising the significance of every word.
The overall result of watching the images was that all three became very horny. Des willed his erection to subside, while Maria commented that it would take all her willpower not to masturbate in the shower. Des suspected that she probably would.
Finally, at 7.30, the slide show finished, and all headed off to shower and prepare themselves for the evening.
Forty five minutes later, they sat at the table, Des in a suit, both girls wearing long coats, despite the warmth of the evening -- as they explained, they wanted their outfits to be a surprise.
'OK,' said Des, 'we need to run through the etiquette for the evening. First, all the obvious stuff -- courtesy and so on. No need to go through that. At this club, ladies are expected to approach men. Everyone has the right to say no, and not give reasons. It means, you two are going to have to find a couple of blokes, and I'm just going to have to hope for the best.'
Both girls laughed. They were confident that Des would be chosen without too much difficulty.
'The one thing I wanted to ask,' he continued, 'is whether or not we want to stay together. The club has private 'group' rooms, so we can all be together if you like, but if not, we can all go separately.'
Maria and Marnie looked at one another.
'We've already talked about it,' responded Maria, 'we want to stay together. A group room for us and three others is perfect. We also want to let the others know that we are together and won't be coming back. It's a one-time deal.'
Des smiled. 'Exactly what I hoped.'
He checked his watch again.
'Time to go. Ready?'
They nodded, and all three made their way to the car.
It was a short drive -- maybe 25 minutes to the club situated on the outskirts of the city. The entrance was an anonymous door, with a small lit sign, claiming 'Heaven'.
Des knocked on the door and it was opened by a suited security guard. Quickly, Des explained who they were and that they had bookings. With a curt nod, they were ushered inside. Having already paid the admission cost by card, they proceeded up a flight of stairs to check in their coats.
Finally, Des saw the outfits for the evening -- and he was stunned. Maria had chosen a long, red skirt which flowed to her feet, and an ivory coloured sleeveless top, constructed of lace flowers, cut short to expose her midriff. The top was made up of individual flower shapes, joined together, but being lacy, there were gaps, offering flashes of bare skin beneath, except for her white bra -- a surprisingly modest touch, he thought, but realised quickly that Maria's ample breasts probably needed control if she planned on dancing.
He was almost shocked by Marnie's look. She would never have worn something like this two or three days before -- yet here she was, not just wearing it, but smiling, relaxed and looking totally comfortable.
The top part of the black dress, to just below her breasts, looked like soft, thin leather. Below, her waist was drawn in by a laced corset, emphasizing both her narrow waist and her large breasts. From her hips down flowed diaphanous layers, strips of translucent black, each layered together to form an opaque covering, which split as she walked, showing the full extent of her legs, up to the thigh.
She looked like a dominatrix -- the role she had claimed to enjoy during their photoshoot, and formed a stark contrast to Maria's vision of innocence. Walking through the door with these two beauties, Des felt like a giant.
They entered a large, dimly lit hall with a bar at one end. Music was playing, and there was a dance floor, resplendent with disco lighting and a mirror ball. Several people were dancing, and the room was about half full -- sufficiently full to seem busy and lively, but empty enough to allow breathing space and present a relaxing ambience.
They approached the bar and ordered drinks, before moving to a table and sitting down. As they took in their setting, it became clear that their entrance had caused a stir. The clientele of the club was different to most night clubs, where most people would fall into the under 25 age group. Here, the range was huge. If there was an average age, it would probably be between late twenties and early forties, but there was a smattering of people outside this age group - older and younger.
What they had in common was that the ladies had all dressed to look sexy. Some with class and style, others blatantly exposing flesh. The men all wore smart/casual outfits -- some in suits, like Des, others in plain trousers and open-necked shirts.
As they sat, a man approached them. He beamed and introduced himself as the duty manager.
'Good evening,' he began, 'I like to welcome all new visitors, just to say hello and to run through one or two of our rules.'
Des introduced himself and his companions, before the manager continued.
'You know the basic rules -- the main ones are obvious -- no drugs, no means no -- and no falling out, please. Ladies approach men -- that makes things easier. If things go well, there are plenty of places to go. Group rooms through the back, couples over there on the right. We have a dungeon with full bondage set up, a medical room and hot tub. Go wherever your tastes take you. Anything you can't find, just ask.'
He made to leave, then returned.
'Almost forgot -- glory holes to the left of the toilets, if that's your thing. Have a great time, and I'll be floating around if you need me.'
With that, he left. Maria turned to Marnie and said:
'Let's dance and check out the talent.'
Left alone, Des looked around. He had always worried that people who went to swinger clubs might not be attractive, but he was delighted to see that, in most cases, he was wrong. He sat back and took a long drink, and wondered what would happen next.
As it turned out, he was not alone too long. Initially, he politely rebuffed an older lady who wanted him to join her and her husband, and a pretty but powerful looking thirty something redhead who wanted to know if he fancied the torture chamber. However, as is so often the case, it was third time lucky. A petite black woman, in her late twenties, slipped into the seat next to him.
She turned to him, her knee touching his and said:
'Hi, I'm Honey. Do you mind if I join you?'
He nodded assent and introduced himself.
She was very pretty, he realised. She had fine features, and her skin was a mocha brown, making him suspect she was of North African or middle Eastern descent. She was slim, with full breasts, and wearing skin tight leather trousers and a loose fitting blouse, which offered tantalizing flashes of her white bra as she leaned towards him.
They chatted comfortably and easily, moving closer together and enjoying touching one another as they laughed and smiled.
Occasionally he glanced across to see how Maria and Marnie were getting on. They had danced for a while, before approaching two men -- one black and one white, and were now sitting laughing with them.
Honey spotted his glances, and asked:
'I saw you arrive with those two. What's the deal?'
Des explained, introducing them as friends who had met on line and who were all into 'the scene'. He felt he should also explain their agreement to stay together.
Honey smiled. 'That's cool,' she breathed, 'I like girls too, and they look magnificent. Do you want to call them over?'
Des waved across, and soon he and honey were joined by the group. Maybe not coincidentally, Des thought, one of the men was Honey's husband. Whether it was planned or not, nobody seemed to care, and they were soon all chatting, flirting and touching with remarkable ease.
After some twenty minutes, however, one of the men detached himself from the group, and returned to inform everyone that, if they wished, a group room was available. Looks were exchanged, followed by nods, and the six of them left their table and took their drinks into a large room off a corridor at the rear of the main hall.
In the centre of the room was a vast, circular bed, covered with black satin sheets. The walls were painted a deep red, giving the room a sumptuous yet decadent feel. Along one wall was a red leather sofa, and in front of it, a dark wood coffee table. Two single easy chairs made it possible for the whole group to sit around facing each other.
Initially, they sat and talked -- just about each other and their lives, until one of the men decided to take the lead.
'I'm guessing you guys are new to this. How about an ice-breaker?'
They all agreed, and prepared for the main events of the evening.
Clearly, this was not the first time for this man, Dave, and he approached a cupboard in the corner. Opening it, he selected a box and returned to the table.
From the box, he drew a roulette wheel and a mat. The mat was divided into six sections:
1 -- 6, 7 -- 12, 13 -- 18, 19 -- 24, 25 -- 30, 31 - 36
Each player was given a token. The rules were simple. Choose your square. If the ball landed in a number on your square, lose an item of clothing. If it landed on 0, everyone took something off!
It was a quick way of getting naked, which is what they all wanted. The question which hung in the air then was: what next?
'After we're naked,' Dave clarified, 'we'll go back to our pairs if that's ok, and just let things flow.'
Des tried to work out the probability of someone losing an item of clothing each time, but soon gave up -- as it happened, things went smoothly and they all lost clothes regularly, each of them stripping to warm responses.
Honey was awesome -- the beautiful tint of her skin and her slim figure made her a wonderful contrast to Marie and Marnie. As she removed her bra, her dark nipples protruded proudly, making Des instantly hard. She was the first to expose herself, but Marnie soon followed, divesting herself of her bra to the admiration of all.
The game proceeded, all steadily stripping, but it was not until it came to the turn of Honey's husband, Melvyn, that there was a surprise. He finally came to remove his final item, and it was to cries of amazement all round. His cock was huge -- semi-hard, it appeared comfortably 10 inches in length -- maybe even 12 - and with a girth to match. He smiled modestly, and with a quick glance, Des registered Maria's gaze of wonder and expectation, as she had chosen him, and Marnie's look of horror, clearly afraid that she might be expected to take such a monster.
Honey giggled. 'Size isn't everything,' she informed them, 'but don't worry, he's gentle.'
Des was also concerned. He was expected to satisfy a woman used to being stretched to the limit.
'My god,' he muttered, 'I won't touch the sides.'
They all laughed, and Honey leaned forward, putting a hand on his arm, and said:
'Don't worry, babe, it's nice not to have to stretch every time. Plenty of other ways to please a woman.'
Des knew she was right, but couldn't help feeling rather inadequate.
'I have an idea,' said Honey, 'let's give these men a good time. I think we should blindfold them and cuff them -- and go to work.'
'Woohoo,' agreed Maria. It was clear from her face that she simply could not wait to get her hands on Melvyn.
The men were lined up on the sofa, first blindfold, then handcuffed, and lay back awaiting their pleasure.
For Des, the blindfold added a new dimension, and he immediately recognised a different pair of hands manipulating him. Honey cupped his balls, then worked up his shaft, twisting her wrist as she reached the head in a fluid motion. He guessed she could easily have made him cum if she wanted, but instead, she kept her touch slow and gentle.
After a brief time, she stopped, and he felt himself enveloped in warmth as her mouth took over. Initially, she sucked him, making him harder than he would have thought possible, her tongue rolling around his engorged glans and across the hole at the tip. Then she released him, and began to lick, not using just the tip of her tongue, but the whole width and replicating the twisting motion of her hand as she reached the top.
Again, he knew that if she had wanted to, she could have made him cum, and the notion of seeing her, with his creamy cum running from her lips was incredibly enticing. However, once again, she held back, leaving him hard and high. Without a word, the blindfolds were removed and their hands released, and, blinking despite the low lighting, Des saw that Marnie and Maria had also been taking care of their men.
'I think we should stay here on the sofa,' suggested Honey, 'you four take the bed for now -- we'll join you soon.
Honey lay back on the sofa, spreading her legs and offering a full view of her pussy, which she began to stroke, offering a full view of the pink below her brown outer lips. Des moved forwards, replacing her fingers with his and stroking her engorged clitoris. He slid two fingers into her, and was relieved to feel her tight around them. He had known, of course, that a pussy adapts to fit what's being stuck in it, but was delighted to find that Melvyn's huge cock hadn't stretched Honey's permanently.
He moved his head forward, revelling in her musky scent, different to his other companions, yet equally alluring. His tongue flicked onto the hard button of flesh, causing Honey to groan loudly. He licked, then flicked, still working his fingers in and out of her hole, causing her to writhe and pull his head in close. She lifted her legs, placing them on the sofa next to her buttocks, opening herself as wide as possible, allowing him access to every part of her sex.
He continued licking, sliding a finger down between her cheeks, the slick wetness oiling his way into her back passage.
Again she moaned, and, allowing his shoulders to rest on her thighs, he was able to reach up and find a nipple.
They continued like this for a few moments, until Honey gave a deep sigh and breathed: 'Oh yes, oh yes'. She continued repeating herself, gradually louder and more forceful, until with a final cry, her body trembled and shook and Des felt her wetness increase against his face. Still he held her, arms now tight around her thighs, forcing his tongue onto her soaking cunt as she bucked and writhed against him.
Gradually, she slowed, her breathing returning to a more normal rhythm, and Des looked up at her, smiling, his mouth and chin gleaming with her juices.
'You are a bad boy,' she breathed, and bent forwards to kiss him full on the mouth, then around his face, clearly relishing her own distinct taste.
Honey looked up towards the bed, where Melvyn and Dave had been pleasuring their partners.
All four were flushed -- the men from the heat between the girls' thighs, the girls from the stimulation and pleasure they had received.
'I lurrv the fact that we can have as many orgasms as we want,' stated Honey, 'not like you guys who need to rest after one or two.'
The girls nodded agreement -- and Des noticed, with pleasure (and maybe a hint of jealousy), that Marnie seemed relaxed, and ready to 'go with the flow' -- so different from when she had arrived.
Honey, reached and grabbed Des's cock, then stood, pulling him upright and leading him to the bed.
There was plenty of space for all three couples, but not so much room that they could avoid touching. Honey, again taking the lead, looked at other girls, and said:
'You two are gorgeous. Are we going to give these guys a bit of a show first? Make them so desperate to fuck us they'll be ready to explode?'
Maria and Marnie nodded (Des was somewhat gratified to see that Marnie still blushed at the thought of another woman), and Honey slid off the bed, returning with a 'double' dildo, and a vibrator. She placed them on the bed as the men moved aside, allowing the women centre stage. They knelt together in the middle, initially kissing each other and exploring one another's bodies. Their breasts touched as kissed, and Des loved the contrast of Honey's dark skin against the lighter complexion of the others.
Nipples rubbed, stiff and proud against one another, and this time Maria made the first move, moving slightly away so she could toy with Honey's dark mounds and leaning forwards to kiss her nipples and suck them into her mouth. Honey pulled Marnie's head down, presenting her with her other breast and encouraging her to lick and suck -- which she did.
They took it in turns to offer the stimulus to one another's breasts, knowing precisely what to do -- again, Des conjectured, one of the benefits of fucking the same sex must be the precise knowledge of how the body works -- no need for the learning and exploration which so often hampered sexual relationships in the early stages.
Now, fingers worked between one another's thighs, Maria on Marnie, Marnie on Honey and Honey on Maria. Again, the deft, touches offering maximum excitement, knowing how the female body works and eliciting soft moans and heavy breathing.
Now Honey knelt on all fours with Maria behind, bending forward to lick her from clitoris to the top of the cleft between her buttocks, and Marnie, needing no encouragement, performed the same on Maria. Each girl had also reached back between their own legs, masturbating as the tongue behind them slipped in and out, up and down -- all except Marnie, who had only her own hand for pleasure.
Soon, however, they stopped, and Marnie (having missed out previously) was laid back on the bed, her thighs pulled wide as first Honey, then Maria, licked her to near ecstasy. Before she achieved her orgasm, however, Honey turned and grabbed the vibrator, switching it on and sliding it deftly into the willing pussy. She slid it in and out, bring the 'rabbit' head into contact with Marnie's clit, changing the speed and pulsing until she found one which made Marnie gasp with pleasure. Maria kissed and sucked Marnie's nipples, not stopping until she had reached her orgasm.
Now it was the turn of the other two, and Marnie was directed to the 'double' dong. Maria and Honey lay, legs wide and almost touching -- 'scissor sisters' -- as Marnie slid the dildo inside first one, then the other. Each slid down until their outer lips touched, writhing as Marnie used her hands on both clits at the same time. Then, they drew the dildo further inside, bringing their clits together, writhing and rubbing against one another, heading to a mutual orgasm as Marnie sat back, fingering herself as the men gently stroked their erect cocks, not wanting to over-stimulate, but desperate to jerk off.
Honey and Marnie came together, and relaxed, sliding off the dildo, before it ultimately 'popped' out with an audible 'plop,' Honey gathered the toys and quickly placed them into the 'cleaning basket', as the club required.
Now it was time to fuck. Each man mounted his partner -- and for the first time, Des noted that Maria looked concerned at the monster she was about to take. He could not resist looking at Maria, who had, to her surprise, easily accommodated the girth of the giant, but was finding difficulty with the length. However, this was not a problem for Melvyn -- he was used to it, and stopped when he found his depth and began to thrust in and out. They began slowly, not wanting a fast finish, but picked up speed.
After a short time, Des lifted Honey's legs above his shoulders, pounding down deep into her, and allowing a finger to find her back passage again. He continued to crush her in this way, before kneeling up, lifting her legs up over his shoulders, changing his angle of entry, each time feeling different friction on his member, and each time offering new sensations to her.
Glancing around, he saw each couple varying their positions similarly. Maria was now riding Melvyn -- better for her to control the depth of penetration -- while Marnie was still beneath Dave, enjoying his enthusiastic rhythm.
Des returned Honey's legs to their original position, and they manoeuvred themselves so that she was riding him. She smiled down, gyrating her hips, first gently, then more vigorously, sliding up until he almost fell out, then down, taking his full length in. Then, without letting him leave her, she rotated, offering a superb view of her perfect ass and letting him see every detail as he slid in and out of her.
Honey was athletic, and working together, she was on her hands and knees before him. He entered her 'doggy style', her hand reaching up to play with herself as he thrust in and out, hands on her buttocks, slapping with each thrust as she started to shout again, building to her climax -- and his knowledge that he was unable to hold out much longer.
Looking around, he could see that all three couples were now doggy style, all three women closing in on one more climax, and all three men trying to hold on, as they made eye contact with one another.
Marnie was first to give free reign to her orgasm, then Honey and finally Maria. They all stopped, the men slowing down, and preparing for their moment.
Breathlessly, Honey gasped: 'Don't cum, guys, don't cum.'
They looked in frustration as Honey crawled forward and encouraged the other girls to do the same, causing the three cocks to fall out of them, and allowing amusement at the squelching and loud 'fanny farts', as trapped air was released.
The girls gathered together in the centre of the bed, facing out wards.
'Now, come and finish,' said Honey, as the men stood over them.
Melvyn finished first, then Dave, their cocks showering cum over Maria, then Marnie, covering faces and hair and dripping in gooey droplets down their breasts. Finally, seconds after the others, Des exploded onto Honey's face, enjoying seeing the creamy white of his semen against her dark skin and black hair, before she raised her hands and rubbed it into her breasts, licking around her lips and clearing it from her eyes.
Des looked up, seeing Maria's mouth straining to contain Melvyn's huge glans as she sucked out the final drops, while Marnie knelt before Dave, smiling up at him as she dripped cum down her body.
Honey was the first to move, approaching a paper towel dispenser and tearing off three large handfuls. 'Here,' she said to Maria and Marnie, 'time to clean up.'
The three women wiped themselves, as the men went to clean off the few remaining droplets, all of them twitching as their erections dwindled. As they finished, all returned to the sofa, embracing their partner.
'How about the hot tub?' suggested Honey.
They looked at one another and nodded. Robes were hung on the back of the door, which they each put on, to avoid walking naked through the public areas.
Clothes were collected, and Melvyn helpfully took them to the changing room and placed them in separate lockers, handing out keys on his return.
The hot tub was almost directly opposite the group room, and they strolled across the corridor, hardly drawing any glances from others, who knew full well what they had been doing.
As with everything at the club, the hot tub was huge, comfortably seating ten, which was fortunate as there were already four people there.
They all doffed their robe, only slight hesitation from Marnie as she prepared to be naked with yet more strangers, and entered the water. It was warm and infinitely relaxing after their exertions, and they gave themselves over to the genial atmosphere as they chatted and flirted with the two other couples in there.
It was, in fact, so relaxing that quite soon Maria was nudging Des and gesturing towards Marnie. The exertion of tonight and the previous days was taking its toll, and her eyelids were sliding shut. At what felt like an appropriate time, Des stood and announced:
'Sorry, guys, but we should leave you to the rest of the evening. Hardly fair to keep you all to ourselves.'
They exchanged kisses and farewells and expressed the hope that they might meet again another time, and Des, Maria and Marnie left for the changing rooms, clean and refreshed. They dressed quickly and met in the main hall again, where the staff member who had welcomed them earlier dashed over to check that they had had a good time and encourage them to return before bidding them farewell. As they left the club, Des checked his watch to find it was almost 2am -- the time had flown (hardly surprisingly).
Without traffic, the drive to their lodgings was quick and smooth -- however, when they arrived, Des had to wake Maria and Marnie from their slumbers.
That night, they simply walked in, lay down on the seats, which normally they would have folded down to make beds, and fell asleep.
Internet Superstar
The following day fell into two parts.
The evening was taken up with the stage hypnotist, which they were all looking forward to. The afternoon belonged to the webcam.
They had decided the afternoon would be best, partly because there would be fewer people on line -- the afternoon Brits and morning Americans mostly, and partly because they did not want to give over an entire day to the webcam.
They had decided that all three of them would be on cam, as they all knew that watching Marnie would get them very horny. They also knew that it would encourage more extreme suggestions from the viewers -- suggestions which would not be possible if Marnie were alone.
They had slept late into the morning again, rising at 10.30 for cereal and fruit and relaxing reading books and magazines until they got bored and decided to go out for a pub lunch. They enjoyed steak and drinks, and sought to draw Marnie into the conversation more.
Without question, there was improvement. She would attempt to speak, but was prone to stammering and getting stuck on words, at which times she would get frustrated, her face would flush and she would clench her fists into tiny balls of anger. She was desperate to force the words out, but her brain simply would not let her -- but it was close -- very close. If the remaining afternoon and evening could just fire the right neurons, or whatever, it would be speech therapy she needed, rather than psychotherapy.
They returned to their base camp feeling satisfied, happy and positive, convinced that the afternoon was going to be fun, despite Marnie's fears that her family or friends might see her. Notably, she seemed a lot more content with the idea of being naked and being considered 'sexy'.
Both Des and Maria were certain that she was about to spend an afternoon being told how amazing she is and how beautiful. Until now, she had always claimed not to believe these blatant facts, and it was evident that somewhere in her background, she suffered psychological and emotional abuse, which had left her with a hugely negative self-image and was in part to blame for the problems which caused her so much suffering. They knew that she would say that people would only be nice because they wanted something from her, but still, there was sure to be some impact.
It was this which had made them decided to register for 'tokens' at the website. It was a nice, simple system -- if people wanted you to do something, they paid in tokens. The tokens converted to cash.
Initially, Marnie had said she felt it was too much like prostitution, but Des and Maria had talked her round, explaining that it was more like an ongoing modelling fee, paid as the shoot progressed, rather than as an agreed sum beforehand. Marnie had accepted this -- maybe a little dubiously -- and agreed that the money should be put into her account.
At 5pm British Summer Time -- 11am in New York, 10am in Chicago, though just 8am in Washington -- they signed in to the site using the name which Des had set up before -- Maplesyrup -- highlighting Marnie's home, her sweetness and smoothness. He also did not want to give too much away or use an obviously sexual name -- as he explained, it should be the look alone which would bring in viewers.
Des signed in on a separate tablet computer under a different name -- prof502 -- which made him moderator for Marnie and would ensure that she did not have to tolerate the trolls who so often invaded these sites.
Wearing a skirt and buttoned top, Marnie appeared on camera. Within seconds, the first viewer arrived.
Bigboy36: Wow. Get tits out.
Maplesyrup: When I get tokens.
Bigboy36: Need to show something to get tokens.
Wolfman: Hi babe. Want to look at my cam?
Maplesyrup: Not right now wolfman. I have friends here.
Wolfman: Cool. You gonna fuck?
Maplesyrup: Depends on the tips.
Wolfman: What do I get for 50?
Maplesyrup: 2 buttons on my blouse.
During the first few moments of the exchange, the room had started to fill -- first 30, then 50 viewers, rising to 100 as Marnie fielded the 'requests' and demands and repeated that she wanted tokens.
The tone changed almost imperceptibly -- accusations that she would take the tokens and show nothing, allegations that her mention of friends was a lie. To this, Des and Maria leaned in and waved, and sat with Marnie for a few minutes. To encourage the viewers to accept that sex would happen, he fondled the girls' breasts through their tops and they, in return, grabbed his cock.
Hornyukguy: What will you take off for 100?
Maplesyrup: My blouse
Hornyukguy: How about blouse and skirt?
Maplesyrup: 150
Hornyukguy: 120
Maplesyrup: OK. When I see it, blouse and skirt come off.
They waited, and constantly there were comments coming through -- 'she's not going to do it', 'she's a prick-tease' and similar. Suddenly, 120 tokens appeared. Marnie began to slowly unbutton her blouse, revealing a red and black silk bra. She opened the top and the viewers went wild -- constant flow of comments about Marnie's beauty, and a massive number of words for breasts -- some flattering, some derogatory -- yet all acknowledging the magnificence of Marnie's 'funbags'.
Next she reached for the zip on her skirt and slowly again, drew it down, before sliding it over her hips and off, revealing black lace and red silk panties matching the bra, suspender belt and stockings.
As soon as she was exposed, Des removed several of those who had been more vociferous in their comments -- allowing them the evidence that she was, indeed, going to 'earn' her tokens, then banning them for their lack of respect. He knew they would simply change user names and return, but this would have taught them a lesson.
Now the messages flowed so rapidly it became impossible to read them all.
Maplesyrup: Slow down. I can't follow.
Captaincock: Sorry.
Maplesyrup: That's better. OK. We're here waiting. Tokens bring prizes.
Mapleminder: But no disrespect. Be polite and we'll enjoy giving you a good time.
Mapleslave: Maple -- look at my cam. I'll do anything for you. Watch me cum.
Maplesyrup: No thanks. Not watching -- just want to play with my friends.
Ukdick23: What will you girlfriend take off for 100?
Maplesyrup: Everything but her underwear.
Ukdick23: Sending 100.
Again, Marnie waited, this time with Maria next to her. This time there was no unpleasantness. The audience continued their comments -- some crude, some flattering -- until the 100 tokens showed. Then it was Maria's turn, stripping down to bra and panties. She had deliberately worn a nice, matching set of pale-blue underwear. This was Marnie's show, and Maria wanted the watchers to stay focused on her. Regardless of this, however, there was no doubt that lying together in their underwear, both girls were stunning.
A glance at the counter revealed 500 watchers, which Des quickly pointed out. The count was still rising.
As the count rose, so did the tokens. Two early big spenders had encouraged others -- some giving small amounts, others larger. With the tokens rising, the requests increased too.
Maria and Marnie had kissed, long and deep. Des had been asked to strip to his underwear. At 500 tokens, Marnie agreed to remove her bra. At 600 it was Maria's turn, and at 1000, all three were naked.
Footfetish: Show feet.
Maplesyrup: There you are. Enjoy.
Footfetish: Suck toes.
Maplesyrup: 50 tokens for that
Footfetish: On the way
Bigdave32: Show pussy up close
Maplesyrup: 100 tokens
Bigdave32: 150 for both pussies
Wanker1979: Lick pussies
Maplesyrup: 200 tokens
Marnie was clearly enjoying this. She responded to every request, 'pricing' the requests and never once hesitating or refusing. She and Maria licked one another, they sucked Des and had intercourse with him. Des had produced a vibrator and they had used it gleefully on one another. Marnie had pulled apart her buttocks to show every detail of her anus. She had taken Des deep into it as well, performing as well as any internet porn star.
Suddenly, Marnie stopped. Des and Maria looked at the screen to see what had pulled her up short.
Bigdave32: Can you say 'Dave you're the greatest?'
Maplesyrup: I don't know
Bigdave32: Go on. If you do I'm gonna blow a massive load.
To this point, the microphone had been switched off, but Des reached forward and tapped the icon which would allow sound.
'Hi,' he said, 'Can you hear?'
Immediately there were many replies acknowledging that they could.
Bigdave32: Go on. Just do it. My balls are gonna explode but I need you to say it
Maplesyrup: I'll try
Bigdave32: It's easy. Just say it. Don't you speak English?
Maplesyrup: Yes. But not as easy as you think. I'll try
Bigdave32: Do you want tokens?
Maplesyrup: No. Not for that.
Des and Maria watched as Marnie drew breath ready to speak out loud.
She breathed deeply, trying to calm herself, then looked directly at the camera.
'D...D..Dave -- you'rethegreatest.'
She had blurted it out, leaving no pauses between the words, but she had still said it.
Bigdave32: There. That wasn't so bad. Try it again. Slower.
Marnie drew breath again. She closed her eyes and tried again. This time carefully enunciating each syllable.
'Dave. You. Are. The. Great. Est.'
Maria and Des were elated. Marnie too recognised the significance of this, but chose not to build upon it. There were many more requests for her to speak, but each time, she declined. It was clear that the effort had been huge, and she preferred to take small steps. Also, she was becoming more and more sexually stimulated -- now apparently enjoying the attention.
Finally, after two hours of compliance and with 1200 people viewing, Des had stood over Maria and Marnie -- not for the first time that week -- and spilled semen onto their willing faces. Shortly after, they had turned off the webcam and relaxed.
Sitting together naked, there was a camaraderie between them -- a closeness borne of their experiences. They had not simply fucked, they had moved between tender, loving and rampant, animal lust. In many ways, they had nothing to hide from each other, and had broken down every barrier. The barriers between one another; the barriers and taboos of sexual acts and group sex; the emotional and personal barriers which had held each of them back; the barriers which 'respectable' society held sacred.
Yet still, one barrier remained. The one in Marnie's head. She could now vocalise out loud, but she stumbled on every syllable. Conversation was slow going, and while they knew that this would improve, they also knew that she would rapidly revert as social settings required greater fluency. Des believed strongly that she would need professional speech therapy and on-going psychological support.
Clearly, she could not continue like this. For a start, she would be brutally exploited by the unscrupulous individuals she would come across. Secondly, she would burn out. No-one could maintain the pace of their sexual activity forever -- ask any couple -- and Des knew from previous experience with swinging when he and his wife had entered headlong into the 'lifestyle', and had finished up so shattered that they barely made love for the following fortnight.
Also, Marnie would gain a reputation. What had started as therapy would become nudges, nods and winks, and all too soon, it would demoralize her and destroy her new found confidence. What was needed was for her to take control. To accept and embrace her sexual nature, keeping the things she enjoyed and rejecting the things she disliked. That control was crucial, and was brittle, needing very little to undermine it and send her back where she started.
So here they were. Final night. About to encourage someone else to control her mind.
Mind Control
They showered to wash off the webcam session, and relaxed in robes while they ate a light snack. Once again, Des was struck by how comfortable Marnie seemed to be with her body. She no longer held the robe around her, but allowed it to fall open, un-self-conscious about the fact she was showing parts of her body, which, even when they had left the flat, she had kept covered in non-sexual situations.
Only when there was a knock on the door did she pull the robe tight and fasten the belt -- again, a good sign - she was deciding who she wanted to see her.
They changed into evening clothes. Marnie was now in the habit of dressing to make herself feel good, and she opted for a black skirt, just above her knee, and a peacock blue top, fastened with buttons, which she left open to show a small amount of cleavage.
Notably, her 'feel good' dressing extended to her lingerie -- a matching set of white bra and panties, trimmed with pink lace, and stockings, held up by a suspender belt. So different from the shapeless items she had worn initially, with her white cotton bra and 'all-covering' knickers. Des chose a plain, blue t-shirt and jeans,while Maria went for a figure-hugging skirt and blouse.
As they arrived at the theatre, Des noted a huge change from the first time they met. Back then, while men had openly admired Marnie, it was Maria's vivacity and body language which held their attention. Maria was the kind of girl who, the probably felt, offered them a chance of some fun. Marnie was not.
Now, however, Marnie walked tall and held her shoulders high. She carried herself with catwalk grace and exuded confidence. To most men, she now represented an impossible dream -- something they could never aspire to, and they gazed at her with open admiration.
Des was momentarily concerned that Maria might be jealous -- losing her friendship was something Marnie could not bear -- but she smiled and carried on in her natural way, leaning over to Des and whispering:
'It's ok. I get sick of everyone hitting on me.'
Des wondered if that sentiment would last, but noted that Maria was still getting her share of admirers, and still fell into the 'possible' category for most men.
They bought drinks in the foyer bar and looked around at the audience. Surprisingly, there was a reasonable balance of males and females. Des had expected, with the 'adult' nature of the show's advertising, that there would be more men than women. It seemed that there were quite a few couples -- maybe some who had been at the club the previous night -- with some groups of men and women.
Des was relieved. He had dreaded the possibility that they might find themselves seated with a group from the dirty mac brigade. These people, however, were here for fun -- open-minded, sexy fun which would get them feeling horny before they went home or to clubs and pubs. This was emphasized as the groups of men gravitated towards the groups of women, and soon merged. Clearly both groups recognised that they may want to release some tension later, and were very open to the idea of one night stands.
The show had been clearly advertised as 'adults only', and had emphasized that the audience should be open-minded. Des had perused the website, and found that it had warned about nudity on some of its pages. He had then looked at various images where individuals had stripped naked or part naked at the request of the hypnotist and performed various acts which no doubt would make them flush with embarrassment later, but also would stimulate the exhibitionist in them -- normally repressed, but given licence here, as they could claim it was not their fault.
Looking around, Des noted that quite a few seemed to have dressed in such a way that, if selected, would ensure they looked good when disrobing. Both Marnie and Maria had also done so, although Des had carefully kept them away from the website, simply letting them know that it was an 'adult' show. Neither had seemed too keen to find out more, from which Des assumed that either they trusted his judgement, or they were content to meet whatever occurred head on. He thought it was probably six of one and half a dozen of the other.
The bell rang in the foyer and people steadily finished drinks and made their way into the main auditorium.
It was a relatively small space ('intimate' would probably be the flattering description), housing maybe 300 people. The stage was small, flanked by curtains which gave the impression of a more sumptuous, bygone era. As it was, the theatre was quite pleasant -- just the odd flaking of paint and scuff marks on the skirting giving away the fact that it had seen better days.
The lights dimmed, there was a clap of thunder and strobe lighting as dry ice filled the stage, the voice over intoned:
'Ladies and gentlemen. Be prepared to be amazed. Be prepared to confront the inner you. Please welcome on stage the international superstar of mind control -- Mes Meric'.
The audience applauded and a few whooped in a more trans-Atlantic style as a man in his mid-30s, with a body type that might be best described as 'endomorphic' -- or 'apple' for the ladies, made his way onto the stage, arms aloft as if celebrating. Put simply, he was a short, fat bloke who would have done better to wait for applause than to assume it.
He approached the microphone and introduced himself, made a couple of quick one-liners which got the audience on side and then settled into his 'pitch'.
'Ladies and gentlemen. Hypnosis is a serious science. It can cure and it can change lives. It can also entertain, and that is what tonight is about. I am a hypnotist. I use my skill to help people -- I do that under my real name -- tonight is fun, and fulfils my desire to have everyone looking at me!'
Polite laughter. Des was surprised he had not chosen to share his real name -- maybe because it would risk accusations that he was making a mockery of hypnosis as therapy -- maybe because he might actively lose patients as a result of his stage act -- either way, this seemed a little more 'valid' than Des had expected.
'Tonight, I hope to entertain. I will use techniques to alter your will and to make you behave as I ask you to. I strongly advise you -- if you are not willing to risk the laughter of the audience and the ridicule of your friends -- do not come and sit here. I also beg at least some of you to give it a go or tonight will be rather dull!' More polite laughter, maybe with a hint of discomfort.
'Finally -- if you don't believe it can be done -- sit and watch. It's a lot safer than being up here and finding out half an hour later that it can!'
Des looked at Marnie. She was entirely taken in by this, and her rapt expression showed that she was wholly impressed by this introduction to a subject which had, for some time, been a fascination for her. Maria caught Des's eye and they shared a smile before turning back to the performance on stage.
'Mes Meric' had further explained his performance by saying that the first half would be quite tame -- fun and games, little more. However, the second half would fully merit the warnings on the posters. This was because, during the first half, he would be using techniques on the entire audience, which would lift their inhibitions and set up the correct atmosphere for greater intensity.
The performance began. He started by announcing that his usual assistant had been taken ill shortly before the performance and he would need to choose a new one from the audience. He planned to do this by selecting the best from a small group of applicants. All applicants should be female, he explained, as he had found that male assistants tended to just select all the pretty women, whereas females chose a much broader range of audience members.
Once again, Des felt there was a layer of integrity, although it was clearly a subtle method of getting attractive women on stage. Des was actually feeling quite good about this. This performer seemed to know his stuff. He wasn't just a charlatan depending on people 'planted' in the audience and hoping to use a few basic tricks and the exhibitionism of some to involve genuine audience members.
Five women were invited on stage. As expected, they were all attractive, ages ranging from early 20s to mid-30s. As he spoke to them, there was a notable change to the rhythm of his speech. To the side of the stage, where the participants were facing, was a blinking light. Additionally, low music played -- a firm, steady beat. Any aficionado of mind control would recognise the methods, and this was supplemented with a spinning disc, flicking light into the eyes of the subjects.
It had been explained that they could leave the stage at any point if they felt that the role of assistant was not right for them, and a couple looked rather uncomfortable already.
They were told to focus on their breathing, and a steady rhythm began to overtake them. Then the usual 'your eyelids are feeling heavy' and all five closed their eyes (with relief, probably, in the face of the flashing lights). They were told that their left arms were feeling light. Floating away. Their arms raised almost in unison.
At this point, Mes Meric judged they were ready to be directed. The music turned off, the flashing lights stopped and he gave the instruction:
'The only sound you will hear is my voice. Any requests I make of you will seem sensible and reasonable. You are desperate to be my assistant'.
Des knew, at this point, that it was probable that at least one would not be responding to the commands, but would be simply going with the flow to amuse friends. It would be interesting to see if this person or persons would step down of their own accord, or if they would be kept involved.
Mes Meric walked along the row, bending forward and looking deep into the eyes of each individual. Twice, he stopped and touched the 'candidate' on the shoulder. Then he stood and announced:
'Please stand up. If I touched you on the shoulder, you will believe that we have had a full discussion and you have decided that the role of assistant is not for you. You feel the costume is too revealing and your partner would be upset to see you like that.'
The two who he had touched immediately turned and walked back to their seats. Once again, Des was impressed with the integrity. One of the girls had been very attractive, and the popular vote would certainly have wanted her to be kept in the running. Additionally, both clearly believed that they had, indeed, refused the role due to the nature of the costume, and so must have been, at least to some extent, under control.
Three now remained. They were asked to perform various tasks -- sitting on the knee of an audience member, believing themselves to be catwalk models and to do the 'strut', finding the hypnotist extremely attractive and flirting with him. He then introduced the 'costume', or what little there was of it. Essentially, it was sequinned, low cut basque, with a sequinned thong below. The outfit was topped off with a feather head dress, in a carnival style, along with stockings and suspenders and high heels.
The candidates were directed to picture themselves in the outfit and asked how they felt. One response again fell foul of the interviewer, and the candidate was touched on the shoulder and directed to return to her seat.
This time, she believed that she had been the victim of an offensive remark about the size of her tits, and the instruction that she should force those sitting either side of her to hold her impressive breasts and agree that they were wonderful. A spotlight focused on her as she returned and was groped by (presumably) her boyfriend on one side, and (presumably) a female friend on the other. The audience loved every second of it.
The final two were then requested to dance. Their sexiest dance, but NOT removing any clothes. Des half expected 'The Stripper' to play, but instead, 'You Sexy Thing' was piped in. The two ladies gyrated, twerked and rubbed their hands over their bodies, pushing breasts forwards and making a range of obscene gestures and faces.
Suddenly the music changed to the 'Birdy Song', and the audience was treated to the absurdity of two women trying to be as sensuous as possible to a song which could never, in a million years, be even remotely sexy.
The audience laughed riotously and applauded and wolf-whistled loudly as the music finished and the two dancers relaxed, breathless from their exertions.
Now came the final cut. Mes Meric placed his hand on the shoulder of one woman -- the older of the two, and advised her that she had been unsuccessful. This time, he had said that her underwear was not his preferred style, and that on returning to her seat, she should show her underwear to her friends to prove that it was perfectly acceptable.
Once again, the spotlight followed as she yanked up her top and lifted her skirt to show a red thong and a well-filled black bra. Both were very acceptable, and her friends were quick to reassure her.
Now there remained just one lady -- probably in her mid to late twenties, blonde, wearing jeans and t-shirt. She was slim, with small breasts and narrow hips. Not the best looking of those who had started, but pretty.
She was told she had the job and should celebrate by jumping around the stage whooping before returning to her new employer. She did precisely as she was directed, and as soon as she returned, was given the instruction which the audience had waited for. She was sent behind a curtain, through which shone a strong light, leaving her clearly silhouetted. She was instructed to change into the costume which they had seen earlier. As the audience watched her every move, albeit silhouetted, she undressed and slipped into the outfit.
The sense of realism was once again increased, as the costume was hardly a good fit. The cups of the bra section of the basque were too large for the 'victim's' small breasts, and failed to offer the cleavage which might have been hoped for. The thong was perhaps a little tight, though it made little difference to the overall effect. The audience applauded and wolf-whistled, as the 'glamorous assistant' posed.
Next, she was given her 'job description'. It was simple. She had to select the audience members. Once again, Des was struck by the random nature of this selection. Not everyone was a good subject for hypnosis, and there was a significant element of risk to the selection process.
The assistant would select, based on those -- male and female -- who she found physically attractive. She would give them a long, deep kiss on the lips, then would grab the men gently by the front of their trousers and lead them on stage -- the women she would lead by pulling the front of their bra. If no bra was worn, it would be the front of the top.
Des wondered how this woman's boyfriend or husband would react. It had been made clear that it was this type of show, but still, the reality of seeing a wife/partner dressed up and fondling strangers might be too much for some. He looked back to the area where she had been sitting, and saw nothing but smiling faces. He could only assume that there would not be a problem.
So far, there had been constant background music -- a steady beat, affecting the subconscious of every single audience member. Along with this was the display of small LED lights, flashing rhythmically.
It amounted to an assault on the senses, and while Des, Maria and Marnie all knew about these techniques, it was a great deal easier to accept them, to become light headed and acknowledge that they were now increasingly suggestible than to fight and resist the natural impact. As they all knew, it was part of the set-up for part two of the show, which promised to be much more raunchy.
The assistant was directed to select eight people from the audience -- four women and four men. As directed, she located people, kissed them deeply and pulled them on to the stage as she had been directed. They were seated in a wide arc.
What followed was standard fare -- it began by getting all the participants to focus on a flashing orb to induce eye fixation. Next, the breathing. Slow, deep and rhythmic at a pace dictated by the hypnotist -- a pace which would result in a slight shortness of breath. Then the usual instruction -- heavy heads, closed eyes, head falling on to chest. A deeper trance was induced -- rapid blinking while looking at the orb, and the instruction that every 10 blinks would mean a 20% deeper level of hypnosis.
The audience was silent, as they had been instructed, and the tension was huge. There seemed to be an awareness that they were witnessing something genuine, rather than some stage svengali who claimed to establish control with a wave of the hand.
As Des looked around, he also noticed some audience members fixated on the orb and following the commands. No doubt the hypnotist was aware of this, and, once again, would take advantage of it for the second part of the show.
The instruction to close the eyes was given. Eyelids were glued together, and could only be opened at the hypnotists command. 'Try to open your eyes. It is impossible.' Attempts were made and failed.
'Now relax'.
The eight 'volunteers' sat on stage, as if sleeping.
Now the induction. Each part of the body was relaxed, as the sole focus became the voice offering guidance, and ignoring all other senses. Mes Meric began to direct each person -- having them go loose and floppy, 'like a handful of rubber bands', or rigid as a board. He moved among them, touching now, lifting floppy arms and trying to move rigid limbs. The audience began to laugh as people slid on the floor or found themselves unable to move.
Once again, they were directed to sit, and a visualisation began.
'It's a warm, Summer's day. You feel hot. It's comfortable. You're enjoying yourself. Relax and enjoy the heat.'
People smiled, undid buttons, pushed their hands over their contented bodies. They were hypnotized.
It had been hugely skilful, and the use of an orb had allowed the audience to be drawn in as well.
Now the fun started. People were directed to act like chickens, to dance like a robot and to generally make fools of themselves, all controlled by a touch on the hand of the individual or individuals selected. It was time to raise the ante.
The visualisation of a warm day was re-introduced, but now it was becoming hotter and they were on the beach. Shoes were removed, and the sand between their toes was felt. It's getting warmer. You want to go for a swim.
The volunteers began to undress. The timing needed to be good -- no-one should finish up naked -- not yet. Once in their underwear, they stopped, and the audience laughed raucously, whistling and shouting encouragement.
Suddenly, at the single word of command, there was silence. It seemed the audience was nearly as suggestible as the volunteers.
The glamorous assistant was called. She was instructed that four people were going to the naturist beach, and it was her job to choose them and, on command, to undress them. She selected her four -- two male, two female -- and the rest were commanded to sit and resume their 'sleeping' position. Now, those selected were instructed to allow their remaining clothes to be removed.
The silent audience watched as each person was stripped naked and instructed to lie down and enjoy the sun -- but only after applying sun tan lotion all over their bodies.
Only now were the audience told to encourage, and they did, loudly and crudely.
Finally, it was time to stop. Mes Meric instructed the participants to dress in whichever clothes were handed to them, either by the hypnotist, or his assistant. The result, of course, was that every individual on stage would be wearing someone else's clothes. Men wore skirts which they couldn't do up, women wore shirts three sizes too big. The size differences were unimportant, they were told -- the instruction was that everything fitted perfectly.
Finally, the audience were directed to remain silent.
'I am going to count down from 10. When I reach zero, you will be fully awake. You will need to exchange clothes with one another to find your own clothing. There will be no audience until I clap my hands three times.' He turned to the audience. 'When I clap, you will give them a magnificent round of applause as they return to their seats.'
He counted down, and as he reached zero, the volunteers awoke. Initially, they were blinking, refreshed -- then the discomfort. A realisation that they were not in their own clothes and the hilarity of watching them swap items, undressing self-consciously and eventually dressed fully in their own clothes.
At that point, there were three loud claps. The audience exploded and raved, whistled and roared as the participants were directed to their seats by the hypnotist's assistant, still in role.
Mes Meric left the stage, and a deep voice informed them that there would be a twenty minute break, during which guests might wish to avail themselves of the services offered by the bar etc etc.
They all stood and left the auditorium, with the exception of the 'assistant'. She went backstage -- still in role and still required to be part of the show.
The atmosphere in the foyer was subdued. Not because of any disappointment with the show, but because the entire audience felt rather light headed. People wanted to sit and relax, rather than stand in groups, and the lack of seating meant they had to sit on the floor.
Des, Marnie and Maria were no exception. Des was familiar with the modus operandi of hypnotists, and was probably less affected than most. Maria likewise seemed to be a poor subject for hypnosis. Marnie, on the other hand, had been totally absorbed. She had always been fascinated by mind control, and had been engaging closely with the show. The result was that her pupils were dilated and her breathing shallow and steady, almost as if she had been one of the volunteers on stage.
She was not alone in this, as many other audience members had a similar appearance. Des had to admire the ability of this entertainer. He was an excellent hypnotist, and when Marnie's part in the show arrived, he would undoubtedly be able to draw out an excellent performance from her.
The bell sounded for the second half, and the audience filed in, immediately being exposed to bright lights from the stage, flashing in their rhythmic pattern, and the steady beat of the background sounds.
The 'assistant' reappeared to warm applause and announced the return of Mes Meric, who returned to the stage to rapturous applause. Taking the microphone, he repeated his warning from the start of the show -- that this second half would be far more intense and adult in nature, and that anyone who did not feel comfortable with that should leave. No-one did.
He began again by selecting a group of people to join him on stage, selected by the assistant. This time, he used a different, shortened technique to ensure compliance. He worked down the semi-circle, holding his hand out to each person, then instructed them to push down on his hand while closing their eyes. He then quickly removed his hand to induce a startled response. Immediately, he commanded: 'Sleep'.
Once all of them were sleeping, he instructed them to relax, to deepen their level of sleep and relaxation. Finally, he ordered them to count down from 100, saying that each number would dissolve as they counted. Within a brief time, all were in a very suggestible state and ready to perform. This time, he paired off the volunteers, one male, one female and instructed the men.
'As you gaze at her, you are entranced by her endless eyes. You feel your heart thumping in your chest, as her gaze reaches inside, squeezing your heart. Your blood is pumping to your loins. You feel an electric thrill down your spine. You cannot look away. Her smile holds you. You are hers, in the way the clothes she wears are hers. You envy the way her clothes caress her figure. Your mind is a haze of desire, as the world fades away until there is only her. Only her.'
Leaving the men, he turned to the ladies. This time, his instruction was brief. Every time they heard the word 'love', they would experience the most intense orgasm they had ever felt.
From the audience, Des could see that two of the men had very evident erections. He suspected the others had too, but their clothing hid the fact more effectively.
He continued with the women:
'You are 21 years old. You are a model. You have the perfect catwalk strut. Today, you are modelling lingerie.'
Returning to the men, he once again induced a sleeping state.
The assistant appeared from the side, wheeling a hanging rail loaded with various different sets of lingerie. Once again, a curtain was drawn across in front, a light shining behind and providing perfect silhouettes. What followed was inevitable.
'Go and look at the rack. Choose the sexiest lingerie you can find to excite your man. You will not argue, but help one another with your choices.'
The selection was remarkably quick, compared to the length of time it usually took for women to choose clothing -- In Des's experience anyway.
As soon as they all stood with their selections, they were directed to go behind the screen and change.
Once again, the silhouettes offered a clear vision of the shapes behind the screen as they changed. Finally, all were ready, standing behind the screen in preparation for their big 'fashion show'.
Once again, the men were instructed.
'The object of your desire is going to walk before you. She is dressed for you and you alone. You will remain seated and watch only.'
Turning to the audience, he told them to clap and applaud as much as they wanted and to enjoy the fashion show.
The first model appeared. She walked in the stylized manner so specific to catwalk models, swinging her hips. She wore matching bra and panties, along with hold-up stockings. She was a tall, rangy girl with small breasts and a slim figure. She could, in fact, have been a model. As she paraded, the hypnotist spoke.
'You're magnificent. Awesome. Your audience love you.'
And she froze. Suddenly she let forth an almighty scream and started shouting, 'Yes, yes, yes. That's amazing. Oh my God.' A darker patch appeared on her panties as she enjoyed an earth shattering orgasm, triggered by a single word. Her entranced admirer gazed, unable to stop staring at her, his erection now straining at his trousers.
Each lingerie model was called to 'strut her stuff'. Clearly, they had been chosen to demonstrate that there were no prejudices in terms of colour or body type. A rather overweight blonde paraded in a waspie, purple and black, bordered by bra and thong to match the colour scheme. A small but athletic Indian looking woman stepped confidently in a white ensemble, perfectly setting off her skin colour, and finally another 'big, beautiful woman' of Caribbean extraction stepped out, this time choosing leather -- every inch the dominatrix.
Each time, at some point, the word 'love' was casually dropped in - 'I love that colour... ready for a night of love... etc'. Each time, the model experienced a shattering orgasm. Some quietly, some shouting loudly. Some uttering words of desire, others screaming obscenity. Each time, the audience became more and more enthusiastic, and as their enthusiasm grew, so did the confidence of each model.
In due course, all were returned to their 'sleeping' state, while the next part of the scenario was explained. The participants were to be paired off again. This time, the man would have his back to the audience, while the object of his infatuation would 'perform'. What came next would remain a secret.
The men were seated, facing the rear of the stage where lights continued to flash and fascinate them (and the audience), while the ladies stood in front of them -- they would be facing lights at the front of the stage. This time, instructions were whispered, but their nature soon became clear.
Music began to play. This time, 'The Stripper'. Each woman began to gyrate and writhed in front of their partner. They moved closer, rubbing against them, performing a lap dance, rubbing against erections, and slowly removing their clothes. Bras were removed suggestively -- turning away to be undone and cast aside before facing front again with hands covering breasts.
Once again, the physical differences of each woman was evident, from the small, upturned, pink nubs of younger, less developed swellings to the large, sagging orbs with dark, diffuse areola. They did not finish there, however. Each dancer reached up and pinched her nipples, drawing them forwards into erect peaks, pinched and pointed.
Those that wore waspies or basques across their mid-section removed them, before they all turned away, sliding panties -- whether thongs, French knickers or standard silk -- down their legs, exposing their backside to perfection, delighting both partners and audience.
Once again, however, they were not finished. Lying on the floor, each stripper reached between her thighs -- some hairless, others with a succulent growth, others styled - and began to stroke herself. Des felt sure that, to some of the younger audience members, this would be an education.
Some stroked smoothly, others tapped frantically, some inserted fingers, others focused solely on the clitoris. Des remembered how he, as a fumbling youngster, had failed to appreciate the magic of that small button, located just outside the inner lips, and had thought simply pushing his fingers deep into that warm, well-oiled hole would be stimulation enough. He watched now, noting the different techniques, and wondered if some of the ladies present tonight would find that their men had become far better with their fingers after tonight's show.
'We can tell you all LOVE doing this', announced the hypnotist. At this point, all four ladies achieved orgasm, in their various preferred ways. 'Now stop, and listen to me. It's about time the men joined you'. He turned off the microphone and spoke, first to the women, then to the men.
To begin with, they swapped places. Men now facing the audience, standing, women showing their backs, giving a fine view of their asses, some small and bony, others wide-hipped and dimpled.
Now the women approached the men, and unbuttoned their shirts, slipping them off the men's shoulders. Next, they unzipped and unbuttoned trousers, initially pulling them to the knees before removing shoes and socks.
Had there been any doubt about the erections in some cases, there was none now. All four men stood proud and erect - yet again, there was variation of length and breadth. None were exceptionally large and none especially small, and sizes ranged from probably 5 to 9 inches.
Des was gratified to realise that he would be among the larger group. The only surprise, maybe, was that one shortish, rather overweight, man displayed a cock of considerable girth. Des wondered if this would be more satisfying than additional length, but gave little time to this consideration as his attention returned to the stage.
Another instruction had been given, and now it was the men who began to masturbate, as the eager women knelt before them. It had been notable that, at no point so far, had the participants touched one another. This was probably a good way to avoid any jealousy or reaction from their lovers in the audience, although the general level of control which Mes Meric had instilled would probably ensure that that this would not happen anyway.
As the women with whom they were so obsessed, and the audience of whom they were unaware, watched, each man reached his own orgasm. Some shooting sperm out and towards their lady-loves, others dribbling onto the floor immediately in front of them.
As the men came, Mes Meric announced: 'Ladies, you LOVE it'. As the men produced their creamy cum, the ladies enjoyed yet another orgasm. If only it was so simple in real life! Another command, and the ladies took tissues from the assistant and wiped up the floor and any creamy deposits which might have landed on their bodies. The assistant, meanwhile, was directed to carry out cleaning up duty on the bodies of the men, and moved smoothly along the row of twitching cocks, wiping each one clean with wet-wipes.
The final instruction was to get dressed again in their own clothes, and while this took place, the chairs were rearranged to their starting places, and each participant returned to their place and was commanded to 'Sleep'.
'When I count to ten, you will return to your seat in the audience. From the moment you sit, you will remember nothing of participating in this. You will remember precisely what happened but believe it was someone else who was on stage.'
He turned to the audience. 'All of you will remember what has happened here, yet you will be unable to recognise those who were here, on the stage. To you, it will seem to be simply a row of bodies with blurred faces.'
The participants returned and there was tumultuous applause, almost 'raising the roof'. Des watched one of the participants nearby, applauding vociferously, unaware, it seemed of their own role, though perhaps, from the adjustment and surprised expression, wondering why his erection was still half in place, and why, when he adjusted himself, his hand came out slightly sticky from a slight leakage after the event.
Oddly, Des had felt himself rather immune to the hypnotist's demands, and here was the evidence that he, in fact, fell into that group of people who do not readily respond to hypnotic techniques - maybe he was aware of them, and able to avoid succumbing by not following the early commands during the induction, or maybe his mind simply did not work in the same way as others.
Whatever, he was able to recognise those who had participated, and, he noted, he was not the only one. Others had also been immune to the hypnotist's charms, and, like him, were obviously able to recognise those who had so recently performed for them on stage.
'And now, ladies and gentlemen,' intoned Mes Meric, 'We have reached the final part of the evening. Almost time to say farewell and leave you to reflect on what you have seen. Before we finish, however, I'd just like to mention a couple of friends, who will be leaving our 'sceptre'd isle' tomorrow to return to the land of the maple leaf. Marnie and Maria. Would you like to join me?'
Des was surprised that both were called, but thought little of it. He had spoken of both girls on the phone with the performer, and clearly he had chosen to take advantage of the situation.
Marnie approached the stage in an almost dream like state. She had been enthralled by the show, and was probably under the spell cast over the whole audience. Maria followed her, smiling, almost giggly at this chance to be the centre of attention. Both looked beautiful, and it was clear from the murmurings in the audience that they were thrilled by the notion of seeing these two become part of the act.
Oddly, neither seemed to be at all concerned that just a few minutes before, several people had been naked, masturbating and cumming under the influence of the svengali-like maestro.
He performed the same 'hand-drop' induction as previously. This time, offering his hand, and as they lifted theirs to shake it, he rapidly commanded: 'Close your eyes. Count down from 100', as he pulled his hand away. It was smooth and forceful, and with the accompanying lights and sounds, he had them totally under his control within a few minutes.
He commanded them to sit and sleep before turning to the audience.
'My purpose is to give these ladies something to remember, and therefore, when we conclude, I shall ensure that they remember everything that they have done, but are aware that it was directed by me.
He approached Marnie and commanded her to stand.
'You are a lady who likes to dress well. Behind the screen is an outfit for you to put on. Go and change now.'
Marnie left and went behind the translucent screen and began to change.
'Maria. You enjoy fun, and your outfit will reflect that. Go and change.' She left, disappearing behind a similar translucent screen on the opposite side of the stage.
Again, Mes Meric turned to the audience.
'While our friends change, I will briefly explain the situation I plan to set up. Their outfits will reflect roles, and I am going to ask them to perform for you, in role. My only other instruction will be that this is for a pornographic movie, and they will perform in role at all times, responding only to additional instructions from me -- the director. During their performance, I shall be asking you, the audience, to offer suggestions for them to perform, and if I deem them acceptable, I will instruct them accordingly.'
Des had to smile -- his two lovely friends were to take part in a porn request show -- it simply had to be fun!
Maria was brought out first, wearing a white blouse, mid-thigh length pinafore dress, tie and white, knee length socks. Assistants had tied her hair in bunches. She looked every inch a student. The hypnotist directed her:
'You are a student, just past your eighteenth birthday. You have been caught smoking and are waiting to see the headmistress.'
Maria's body language changed instantly. She slumped her shoulders, let one leg go limp, rolling her foot on the toe of her flat shoes. She put her hands behind her back, emphasizing the fact that the blouse was a little too short as it pulled across her breasts, buttons gaping. She looked at the floor, sullen, rebellious and precocious.
Now Marnie was called out. She wore a white, lace blouse, buttoned to the neck and tight fitting. Her long black skirt reached the floor. On her head, she wore a straw hat, and around her shoulders was a shawl. In her hand, she carried a cane. Her hair was severely scraped back and styled into a bun.
'You are the headmistress of an exclusive finishing college for girls. You are strict and enforce your rules, although you do not wish to cause injury as you secretly adore every girl in your care. This girl has been caught smoking.'
Marnie drew herself up to her full height, and adopted a severe expression, which involved looking down her nose.
Having got into character, their director then addressed both of them.
'Your roles are for your parts in an adult, pornographic movie. I am your director. I expect you to remain in role and perform at all times, but if I give you a direction. You will immediately do as I say. Now begin.'
Marnie walked around Maria, looking down at her as Maria continued to maintain her obstinate facade. Then, the unbelievable happened. Marnie spoke. Her voice was deep and at times almost croaking, at others so quiet it was almost inaudible -- but she spoke.
'So. Smoking. What have you to say?'
A shrug from Maria. 'I'm old enough. You can't stop me.'
'In my institution, I make the rules.'
She proceeded to adjust Maria's appearance. Doing up an extra button, straightening her hair, lifting her chin to make her look her in the eye.
Mes Meric was in the audience. He approached a young man whose face was shining with excitement. 'What should she have her do?'
The young man thought. 'She should check that she is wearing full school uniform, right down to her underwear.'
The instruction was passed on.
Headmistress Marnie turned to Maria.
'Are you wearing full uniform? The school requires you to wear a plain cotton bra, which in no way enhances the bosom. I believe I can see lace on yours. Show me.
Maria looked up, every inch the startled schoolgirl.
'But miss. That's not fair. I don't want to.'
'Do it now, or your beating will be even worse.'
Looking down shamefully, Maria began to undo the buttons. As the two halves separated, she looked up, pleading.
'Can I just show you or do I have to take it off?'
'Remove it completely.'
Embarrassed, ashamed, Maria slipped her arms free, crossing her hands over her breasts, which belied her schoolgirl role, being full and well rounded.
'Hands by your sides.'
Again, shame made Maria's face glow. She put her arms by her sides, exposing her well-filled white, lacy bra for all to see.
Marnie approached, feeling the bra and the breast within.
'This is lace. Another punishment, I think. Now, what of your other underwear. You know the rule -- blue or white cotton gym knickers.'
Maria lifted the skirt, again with a reluctance and sense of shame which belied her normal outgoing nature. Beneath, she wore high cut silk panties, trimmed with lace. Undoubtedly sexy, but a transgression of Marnie's regulations. Des was interested to know where such regulations had come from, and concluded it might be from Marnie's own schooling. It seemed the only likely source.
However, if Des had a passing interest in the rules which were being enforced, his incredulity at her ability to speak eclipsed anything else -- even the sight of the two girls turning in very passable performances for their 'film roles'.
It should have been no real surprise, he reflected. The initial problem had always been considered 'functional' -- having no defined medical source, and relating to her psyche -- a fault in the software, rather than the hardware, as one medic had apparently once told her. As such, now that her psyche was being controlled externally, she was able to overcome her own, self-enforced limitations.
He wondered if paying for hypnotherapy in the first place would have avoided the need for the massive voyage of sexual self-discovery that he and Maria had taken her on. He concluded that the answer was probably 'no'.
Prior to this, her own limitations would have surfaced very rapidly, and she would have resisted any attempt at mind control. Reducing her inhibitions, increasing confidence and above all, instilling a sense of trust had all set in place the pre-conditions which had made this possible.
In truth, Des decided, he and Maria had probably provided precisely what was required. However, what was happening on stage required his attention.
'Your underwear demonstrates that you have no regard for school rules. I have no choice but to make certain that you remember the rules and have regard for what we are trying to make you in to.'
Another request came from the audience, which was passed on by the director.
'You will take your pupil to the table. She will bend over. You will remove her panties and cane her. You have no desire to cause injury.'
Marnie took Maria roughly by the arm and dragged her to a table, where she forced her head down. Lifting her skirt, she dragged the non-regulation panties to her knees. She began to cane her across her naked buttocks, each stroke leaving a red stripe, which would probably fade within an hour, but which made Maria's ass red and, without question, tingling.
The audience requests were now coming in thick and fast, and were carefully selected to fit the scenario and not result in excessive pain for poor Maria. The acceptable ones were passed on.
Marnie addressed Maria, whose glowing cheeks were still clearly displayed to the audience.
Now stand and look at me. Do you promise that you will always follow the rules, no matter what?'
Maria had resumed some of her previous defiance.
'Maybe. Do you follow your rules? What's your underwear like?'
'I can assure you, young lady, my underwear is wholly appropriate for a lady of my age and standing.'
'I bet you don't. Why don't you show me?'
Marnie hesitated briefly, then seemed to decide that she needed to prove her point. She reached up and unbuttoned the blouse from the top, opening it to show the white bra, trimmed with pink lace, which she had worn when they left for the show.
'That's not regulation, Ma'am,' challenged Maria. 'It's really gorgeous. Do your panties match?'
Marnie was now the one looking uncomfortable, as the schoolgirl led the headmistress into one of her fantasies. She lifted her skirt, exposing not just the matching panties, but also the suspender belt and stockings.
'Wow,' breathed Maria, 'you're really gorgeous miss. Please may I see you in your underwear, so I know what a real lady wears?'
Marnie gave a show of being flustered, but as may be the case with more than a few college leaders, finding themselves in this situation with an attractive student, she was drawn into behaviour which was way outside professional expectations.
She discarded the blouse and dragged the skirt to her ankles, leaving her clad only in beautiful underwear and high heels. To every man (and quite a few women) in the audience, she was a vision of perfection.
Maria had been standing with her panties, absurdly, hanging around her knees. She now discarded them, and, as requested by the audience, asked to touch the soft fabric of Marnie's underclothes. As she did, Marnie's nipples became erect, and Maria touched them, becoming aware that her 'role model' was becoming stimulated by her touch. She touched the fabric of the panties too, suddenly sliding a finger between Marnie's thighs to learn that she was well lubricated. Marnie's breathing, meanwhile had become deep and gasping.
'Can my friend see how lovely your underwear is?' asked Maria? Then, before waiting for an answer, brought in the almost forgotten 'assistant', who had been waiting in the wings.
Marnie now remembered her role.
'Is she wearing regulation underwear? Let me see!'
Now, this third participant, already stripped to her underwear, revealed that she, unsurprisingly, was also overlooking the regulations. Like Maria, she was bent over the table and caned until her cheeks glowed crimson.
'This is no good,' commanded Marnie, 'Remove your non-regulation clothing. You are no longer permitted to wear such items.'
Both girls stripped naked. The sight of Maria was familiar to Des. The other participant, however, with her small, swelling breasts, not large enough to drop downwards at all, and her slim hips, with a glorious bush of pubic hair could easily have been a late flowering college student.
'Your breasts are unimpressive', Marnie commented, removing her bra, 'these are womanly breasts.' Her remark was, in fact, very unfair, as Maria's breasts were certainly impressive, while the other young lady, although less well endowed, certainly had well-formed and pleasant little titties.
Marnie looked her over, approvingly, then reached down to touch her bush.
'Why do you have this? A lady looks so much more attractive without this, and it is so much more hygienic to be clean shaven.'
From the wings, a bowl of water, shaving cream, scissors and a razor were produced. The girl sat on the table, legs wide apart, as Maria took the scissors and trimmed the hair as short as possible. Next, she applied the shaving cream and began to shave.
N0, no, no,' stated Marnie, 'You need to be more gentle around the lips. Let me do it, clumsy girl.'
Taking the razor, the most intimate areas were delicately shaved until this pretty young girl was left, feet up on the table, legs wide apart and her entirely hairless pussy exposed to the whole audience. It would be quite a surprise when she later discovered her baldness -- hopefully a pleasant one.
Next, she also was caned, as punishment, before the two naked girls, following suggestions from the audience and direction from the hypnotist, decided to investigate their headmistress's adherence to her own rules.
'Miss,' began Maria (again at the request of an audience member), 'are you shaved?'
'Of course'.
'Can you show us?'
Marnie stripped off her panties to reveal her own shaven haven, framed prettily by stockings, and lay on the table, spreading her thighs to show her most intimate details to the audience. Her pupils examined her, using fingers to stroke and spread her lips, rubbing her clitoris until Marnie achieved one of her quiet, yet all-consuming orgasms.
She sat up, breathless and proceeded to admonish her pupils for taking advantage of her exposure.
'What you have done is wrong. Ladies might, under some circumstances, enjoy other ladies, it is true -- however, you should always be prepared for the male phallus to enter you. It is essential that you experience this sensation.'
Whichever audience member had suggested this probably knew that the required equipment would be available -- or was hoping to participate himself. If the latter, he was disappointed.
Mes Meric reached to the side of the stage and produced a wonderful sex toy. Essentially, there was a belt which went around Marnie's waist and straps which went around her buttocks, between her legs and joined in the middle. On the front was a phallus of impressive dimensions -- comfortably eight inches, possibly nine, which now stood proudly in front of Marnie as an impressive contradiction to her large breasts.
Marnie with a strap-on was hugely impressive -- her height and bearing made it almost terrifying -- and as she showed it to her two pupils, they looked suitably apprehensive.
Both were bent over the table, and Marnie fucked them. Entering each with ease, due to their lubrication. She gave each a few strokes before swapping to the other. Then she reached down with one hand, using her fingers to stimulate one clitoris, while fucking the other vagina hard. Soon, both women achieved orgasms, and this seemed to be the cue for the performance to stop.
Mes Meric walked on stage, returning each of the girls to her sleeping state. He directed each to dress and return to the stage. Sitting on stage, as if nothing had happened, he spoke in quiet tones to Maria and Marnie, then separately to the young lady who had spent the entire evening under his direction.
Finally, Maria and Marnie were told that they would remember their part in the stage show, but not until they sat in their seats on the plane taking them back to Canada. Counting to ten, each was released from his control. Maria and Marnie were both given cards, and returned to their seats. The third girl was simply told to retake her seat and remember only that she watched the show, but not her role in it.
The show concluded. The audience, although remembering every aspect, had no idea whether they had participated or not -- except some who might later find themselves with items of clothing which they failed to recognise, and the assistant, who would be stunned to find herself totally clean shaven -- and she and Maria might, of course, be wondering why their buttocks were tingling!
Marnie and Maria were exhilarated -- not from their recent stage performance, of which they currently had no memory -- but from the performance as a whole, which had unquestionably been magnificent.
As they stood to leave, having participated in the standing ovation, both turned to Des.
'Look what he gave us!' exclaimed Maria, waving pieces of paper in front of his face. 'Just tickets to the most exclusive club in town.'
Des looked at the tickets. They did, indeed, appear to be guest passes to a members only club, signed in an unrecognisable scrawl by the hypnotist, presumably using his real name. Des had, in fact, assumed they had been given business cards, but was pleased to see that was not the case. It was still barely 10.30, so the night was young, and he was happy to agree that a visit to this club would make a pleasant end to their time here.
'I think he's going to be there too,' enthused Maria, 'I hope he comes and sits with us. He's awesome.'
Des had, in fact, wondered if the show might be just a prelude to seduction for 'Mes Meric's' own benefit, but thought it unlikely that he would be included if that were the case. He had also decided quite early in the show that the hypnotist could well be gay -- something about his mannerisms and lack of interest in the physical forms of the naked women he was seeing. Des knew this was rather irrational, but could not help holding on to his suspicion.
'Great,' he agreed, 'how about you, Marnie? Are you up for it?'
He had hoped for a verbal response, as she had been speaking relatively freely while on stage, but he was disappointed. She nodded. It seemed that her mind had returned to her 'locked down' state, but maybe suggested that therapeutic hypnosis might prove beneficial in the future.
Putting on their coats and checking the location of the club on Des's mobile phone, they left the theatre purposefully.
After the show
The private members club was barely five minutes' walk from the theatre, and was called, simply, Blush. Des wondered about the nature of the club. The cards gave little away -- simply the name, address, 'phone number, hours and that both ladies and gentlemen were welcome. It was red, gradually fading to pink with no images. The idea was, clearly, discretion. That being the case, they would take what they found on face value, and presume that the hypnotist had an appropriate motive for getting them there.
Arriving at the door, there was still no clue. A neon light scribing the word 'Blush' and a champagne glass. However, the security staff were large and muscular -- one male, one female -- and were not the sort of people with whom you would want to pick an argument.
They handed their coats to a smiling young lady in a booth and made their way inside.
The narrow entrance had hidden the fact that there was a large room inside. It was dimly lit and sumptuous -- thick carpet, well-spaced tables and chairs, surrounded by groups both male and female. The sole hint as to the nature of the club was the pole in the centre on a raised stage connected by a walkway to curtains leading to, presumably, the backstage area.
Each table was covered with a clean cloth and had a light in the centre, designed to look like a candle. Apart from the drinks which the guests had bought, the only other things on the tables were a menu, with more information on the reverse. As they got closer, Des was able to read 'Club Rules' at the top of this innocuous looking piece of paper, but was unable to decipher the smaller writing below. Des felt that it looked for all the world like a strip club.
As they entered, a hostess, dressed in a mid-thigh length black skirt and white blouse, took their passes. Immediately, she escorted them away from this main room to a flight of stairs.
They went up, and into a similar room upstairs. If anything, this was, perhaps, even more impressive. This time, while there was still the raised area, there was no pole in the centre. The tables here were low, like coffee tables, with smoked glass surfaces. Around the periphery were booths, with horseshoe shaped sofas around a low central table. Low music was playing in the background.
They must have looked lost as they entered, for a hostess approached immediately.
'Good evening. I'm Saffron. Welcome to the VIP room. Would you like a table or a booth?'
They opted for a booth, and were led to one which offered a good view of the entire room -- perfect for people-watching.
'This is Melissa,' continued their hostess -- clearly the floor manager, 'she will be looking after you this evening. All drinks are complimentary. Should you have any problems, please ask for me and I'll be delighted to help.'
She disappeared to greet another group, leaving them to order drinks.
When Melissa departed, Des looked around. The people at the tables were varied groups. Some appeared to be businessmen, maybe finding an appropriate setting to wine and dine guests and sell their product. Others were young men, drinking heavily and talking a little too loudly, but clearly under control and intent on enjoyment rather than causing trouble.
Des noted that as one group became a little too loud, Saffron quickly approached and after a few words, there seemed to be apologies and the group settled. Des had a suspicion that these groups might be stag parties, paying a huge amount for VIP services. There were also two groups of women, similarly over-drinking. Hen parties? In addition, there were quite a few tables where affluent looking men or women sat alone or in pairs, barely drinking, seemingly having a purpose as yet undefined.
Finally, some tables were occupied by young couples or young people on their own, who looked oddly out of place and seemed a little nervous. Some were drinking heavily, presumably seeking 'dutch courage' to allay their nerves. Others sat close and talked in intimate little pairs. The individuals either sat confidently surveying the room, or huddled over their drinks, discouraging company and conversation.
Des picked up the menu on their table and turned over to look at the club rules. They were clear and evidently rigidly enforced.





Please respect performers when they are performing. Give them your attention, and at all times be polite.








Under no circumstances may photographs or video be taken. This includes members of your own group.








Do not expose yourself at any time, unless invited to perform.








Do not try to attract attention from the performers.








Do not touch, kiss or lick performers unless invited to do so, even if you are part of a performance.








Do not attempt to illicit information from performers about them or their lives outside the club.








At all times show respect. Do not comment on the appearance of, or performance of any person.








Do not tip. Our performers will perform as they wish. They will not perform 'requests'








ANY TRANSGRESSION OF THE RULES WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE EJECTION FROM THE CLUB AND A PERMANENT BAN. NO WARNINGS, NO SECOND CHANCES.





So -- definitely a strip club! Best of all, one which expected high standards of behaviour and recognised the value of its performers.
Mid way through the drinks, the stage hypnotist appeared at the door. He was greeted by Saffron, and escorted to a booth, along with his companions -- two men and a woman. They took their seats and ordered drinks as the hypnotist looked around, spotting his erstwhile audience members. When the drinks arrived, he stood up and approached Marnie, Maria and Des.
'Good evening... again,' he started, 'I'm so glad you decided to join us. I'm sure you will enjoy the evening.'
They returned his greetings, before Des asked:
'So.. what's going on here? I think we've worked out what sort of club it is, but is there anything special about tonight?'
He smiled. 'Wait and see how it goes. I'm certain that you will enjoy it.'
As he spoke, one of the men in his group approached him.
'Sorry to interrupt. Jeff, are you coming back to join us?' He enquired. 'You need to talk to these people'.
'Yes, yes. Just give me a moment,' replied 'Jeff' -- presumably 'Mes Meric's' real name, 'this is important'.
He turned back to the threesome and smiled. 'So sorry -- Keith's my partner. He gets possessive at times. Then he turned to Marnie and Maria, and his voice adopted the rhythm and cadence which he had used during his performance.
'You remember what we said at the theatre? You will know my signal.'
The moment he adopted this tone, both girls' eyes had glazed over.
'Yes', they both replied.
'Very good,' he continued, 'I have to go back now -- it's a potential big booking and I need to convince them I'm not a fraud.'
He turned and left, and in an instant, Des realised what had happened. This was post-hypnotic suggestion. During the earlier show, he had implanted a thought in the minds of the two girls, and at a given signal, they would do as he had directed. Extending this logically, Des realised, they were, in fact, his evidence for the couple sitting with him. He had told them he would plant a suggestion, and the fact that they would respond was his proof that he was, indeed, no fraud. Des could have simply told them, but he chose not to, intrigued to know what his two friends might be doing.
At about 11.30, the Master of Ceremonies took to the stage. He began by welcoming three stag parties and four hen nights (two more had arrived since Des's earlier scan of the room). He also welcomed those agents who were present and the managers of other similar clubs locally, and wished them luck in finding what they were looking for.
He continued. 'For those of you who are new to the club, a reminder of what you will be seeing. Tonight you will not see our usual array of professional performers. Instead, tonight is amateur night. Some will be performing for fun,' (here he raised a hand to the various stag and hen parties), 'others are here to find work or representation. We would strongly request that you bear this in mind. We are looking at potential, not the finished article and you are expected to be respectful, to enjoy the performances and show your appreciation as vociferously as you wish at the end.'
Des had, by now, an inkling of what may have been implanted in the minds of his companions. If he was correct, he liked the idea. He liked it very much.
Without further ado, the first performer was invited on stage. She was a young girl, wearing a halter top and shorts. She stripped prettily, evidencing many years of dance training. She undressed all too quickly to reveal an attractive body with fine, rounded breasts and a pert backside. Once naked, she proceeded to smear her body in shaving cream, rubbing it in to her breasts and between her thighs. She performed various gymnastic feats -- cartwheels, rolls and the splits and moved confidently among the tables, stroking the chins of some of the men in the stag party groups, and bending low at the waist directly in front of them to expose her intimate parts.
At the end of her allotted time, she left to loud applause and whistles, though Des felt her act was fairly standard. Maybe one of the agents would put her on their books in the hope that she might get some work as a kissogram, but Des suspected that the club owners would want something more.
Next was a young man. He stripped and showed his flexibility to the hen-night crowds. Putting a towel round his waist, he approached one of the prospective brides, allowing her to minister to him while hidden. Dropping the towel, he showed his erection proudly, and once again approached one of the hen night groups, encouraging them to stroke or suck him.
Unfortunately for him, he had failed to recognise that in such a highly erotically charged environment, and with the further addition of his own penchant for exhibitionism, his body might just let him down! And so, within a few quick sucks, his semen shot over the blouse of one of the ladies. It caused great hilarity, and embarrassment for the performer. Red faced, and with his cock dripping as it twitched down, he grabbed his clothes and left.
Clearly, the experts present would be looking for more stamina!
There were three more performers -- one male and two female, who entertained without being especially memorable, and Des guessed, once again, that the agents would be noting their details for kissogram work or simply because they were reasonable looking and willing to do nudity.
Apart from the young man, none of the performers had involved the audience. Obviously, it would be a risk, but Des had noted that the club was not limited in what performers were allowed to do. The next act demonstrated this very adequately.
It was a couple, male and female, who had clearly decided to bring the bedroom to the stage. To start with, the woman was stripped and lay back across a table. Her partner used ice cubes on her body, causing her nipples to erect sharply before sliding down her body and slipping it into her vagina. She gasped with pleasure, clearly loving the sensation. Next it was her turn to strip him. She revealed his erect penis, and began to suck him.
They proceeded to perform what most would consider a fairly typical sexual encounter -- he licked her as she lay on the table, then fucked her -- first on her back, lying on the table, then with her legs in the air and finally, she turned round for him to enter her from behind. Ultimately, she knelt before him as he masturbated directly over her face. The audience applauded and whooped as they took their bow -- his cock twitching as it dwindled, but not dripping, having been sucked dry. She was flushed and smiling, still with his cum on her face and dripping from her mouth.
It had been a good performance, but Des felt it was really rather like watching a porn movie. They had, basically, fucked -- and that was it.
After these hopefuls, several individuals stood up and left. Clearly, these were the 'talent scouts', hoping to add to their lists, and probably doing so only because they had found people who would be naked in front of an audience. The Master of Ceremonies returned to the stage.
'Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you enjoyed our 'stars of the future'. Next, we have our amateur performances, so I'm looking for volunteers.'
Immediately, the stag and hen parties began pushing forward people from their group.
'I have an idea,' suggested the M.C., as if it had only just occurred to him, 'Let's make it a game.' He pulled from off stage a large easel, on which stood an oversize pack of cards. 'For stags and hens only. The rules are simple. We need two from each group. Each pair turns a card. If it's higher than the one before, you're safe. If it's lower -- lose one item of clothing.'
Des realised that this was rather clever. It avoided dreadful dances which no-one other than the group they were with would appreciate, it saved time, and it would entertain the uninterested people in the room. It also encouraged those who worried more about their dancing than their bodies to participate.
Soon, ten people were on stage -- six male and four female -- and the game began.
Unsurprisingly, the players were less physically attractive than the wannabe strippers, but they played the game with gusto -- laughing as they won and opponents lost, and gamely doffing clothes as they lost.
In about fifteen minutes, the game was over. Des suspected that it had been planned carefully, as the winners were two giggling young girls, left only in panties who won a £50 voucher to spend at the bar. All participants were given a complimentary bottle of champagne, and the whole interlude proved lightweight and fun.
The M.C. addressed the audience once again.
'Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Now that our stag and hen parties are satisfied, do we have any other amateurs willing to perform here, on stage for us? If so, it would be stunningly fabulous.'
Maria nudge Marnie.
'Come on, let's do it.'
Des expected reluctance, but Marnie stood and followed Maria in the direction of the stage. Looking across the room, Des spotted the hypnotist from earlier that evening. He was looking across, and as he caught Des's eye, he raised his glass and smiled. Then it became obvious. This had been the suggestion which had been planted -- probably triggered by one of the words spoken by the M.C. -- most likely the last two.
Maria and Marnie reached the stage and leaned forward to speak to the M.C. They had a brief, whispered conversation before going backstage to prepare.
Suddenly, a lightning bolt struck Des. He had not been asked for all the detailed information about Marnie for the hypnotist's performance, but for this -- the demonstration of post-hypnotic suggestion.
Both girls were back stage for some ten minutes, but when they returned, they looked magnificent. Marnie was wearing a gown, floor length, emerald green. The vision was completed by a parasol. Maria's clothing was less well fitted (Des guessed it came from outfits which they had stored at the club), and looked almost gypsy style -- a long, swirling skirt, loose fitting blouse top and a shawl.
Music began -- classical music -- Air on a G string by Bach -- a little incongruous in this setting maybe, but both girls began to move and swirl in time. Their skirts billowed as they spun, making every move look graceful. They danced together for fully two minutes before the music changed.
This time, Black Velvet -- Des wasn't sure whose version -- Alannah Miles maybe -- and the dancing changed, less swirling, more grinding, and the stripping began.
Maria slipped her elasticated skirt down to her ankles, stepping out of it to reveal that, as well as her panties, she now wore black fishnet stockings held up by a suspender belt.
Marnie undid buttons down the front of her dress, slipping it back over her shoulders to reveal that she, too had additional underwear. In her case, it was a black basque, with an opaque central panel, spreading to cover her breasts and lace side panels. She, too wore stockings, attached by elasticated straps to the basque.
In order to leave herself in underwear, Maria slid the blouse over her head and off, revealing her black bra.
Each used their prop to dance -- Maria swirling her shawl around her, while Marnie rotated around the umbrella, using it as a pivot, and held it in her hands and over her head like a weapon.
After more bump and grind, it was time for a change in the music again. Rock this time, immediately recognisable to Des as Bad Company -- Feel Like Makin' Love. And now came the time for audience interaction, which had been so sadly missing from previous performances.
The two grooms were selected from the stag parties and led to chairs on stage. During the slower sections of the song, shirts were unbuttoned and removed, followed by bump and grind right in front of their victims during the chorus. Slower verse again, and trousers were unbuttoned and removed. The men looked as if they were in heaven. Drink and peer pressure dictated that they should participate, but now they were on stage, they were totally drawn in by the two magnificent and stunningly beautiful girls in front of them. Sitting now in underpants alone, they wondered what would be next.
Different music, of course. More rock again -- AC/DC this time, letting everyone know that 'You Shook Me All Night Long'. A great song for dramatic hip swings, and allowing Marnie to steadily unfasten the front of her basque. As she reached the final button, it fell open, still covering her breasts but revealing her skin from neck to groin. She turned to her seated partner and offered him this view and the invitation to imagine what was next.
Maria, meanwhile, had covered herself with her shawl and unclipped her bra -- sliding it down her arms and offering it to her victim to pull away, leaving her covered by the shawl. She turned, releasing the ends of the shawl, only for her breasts to keep them in place and hide her nipples. Once again, both danced with their props -- Marnie now opening the umbrella to hide her upper body for much of the time, but offering occasional fleeting glimpses of her dark nipples as she spun and the basque pulled open.
Then, they turned back to their partners, offering their stockinged leg. Marnie's stocking was easily removed while Maria's found a young man with shaky fingers unclipping her suspender belt before drawing it off. Legs were swapped and the unclipping and removing was repeated.
The girls turned, kneeling before the men. Maria kept her shawl around her shoulders, while Marnie placed the umbrella on the ground, it being large enough to hide all but her head and shoulders. Steadily, they pulled off the men's last remaining item, leaving them naked on stage.
Next, they moved back, Maria leaving her shawl and Marnie her umbrella, thus hiding the two men's embarrassment, and revealing themselves. Marnie removed her basque, before both girls turned to the audience, covered only by their hands.
The coverage was only brief, however, and soon the swaying of their hips ceased, and turning from the audience, they lifted their hands. A few more hip switches and they turned. Both gloriously topless and took the loud applause and whistles of their admiring fans.
Once more, a smooth musical transition -- an old favourite -- Donna Summer -- Love to Love. Now, the topless beauties turned again to the two quaking bridegrooms. The only things hiding them were removed and they were drawn to their feet, naked, for the whole audience to see. Their friends were ecstatic -- this was what stag nights were all about -- they themselves looked half embarrassed and half elated to be here, naked, with two such gorgeous dancers.
Facing the audience, offering the two men the best possible view, Maria and Marnie bent forward, sliding their panties down their legs. Twisting rapidly to ensure that it was their stooges who got the first view of them fully naked, they once again collected their props and proceeded to dance, offering just fleeting glimpses of their nudity around the shawl and umbrella, before finally discarding them.
Now they turned, once again, to the men.
Des felt some uncertainty at this. He was unsure whether sex with these two would be appropriate, either for the men who were soon to be married, or for the two girls, who may feel rather used if they realised they had had full sex under these circumstances.
However, there was no stopping the events from unrolling now. From off stage, Maria fetched some baby oil and proceeded to pour it over her victim. Handing it to Marnie, this was repeated. Now, both girls moved in, bodies sliding against their partners, rubbing breasts against them, encouraging them to become erect in full view of their friends.
Once erect, both girls reached down and grabbed the rigid cock, stroking it, rubbing hard. Then they stopped, moving around again, now kneeling on the floor facing away from their partners and bent forward, heads down, asses stuck proudly in the air, fully exposed to their partners. Their hands reached back, first pulling open their outer pussy lips before starting to stroke themselves, masturbating for the benefit of two men they had never met before.
Then they stood and swapped places, high fiving as they crossed to exchange partners, and the final part of the act. This was simple. They were not going to fuck the men -- simply jerk them off to amuse their friends and give them the ultimate stag night story.
Kneeling to the side of the men, they stroked rapidly, keen to conclude their work. Unsurprisingly, it was concluded quickly. Each man drew breath sharply and gasped as he ejaculated onto the floor and his partner's hand. And that was it. Leaving the men dripping and twitching, Maria and Marnie walked off to uproarious applause. They returned, still naked, to take a bow, the men on stage still collecting clothes paused to join the applause, somewhat surprisingly.
Then they left the stage, as the stage lights dimmed and the club returned to its pre-performance status with low lights, low music and an atmosphere which had been relaxed but was now charged with an eroticism and a grim determination on behalf of every person present to either fuck someone's brains out or masturbate till they were so sore they needed ice to still the pain. Des just wanted to get back to base and enjoy a final night with his two companions.
Maria and Marnie returned to the table, fully dressed and with dazed expressions, as if they had just awoken from a dream. All eyes had followed them and a couple of the agents who had not already left approached the table, offering work and business cards. Des took the cards politely but informed the agents that the girls were, indeed, returning home tomorrow, and had no need of representation. Maria and Marnie just looked vaguely confused and he wondered if they actually remembered what they had done. As soon as he suggested leaving, they happily stood and left.
The final night
They got back to their caravan at a little after 2am. They barely spoke on the way back, except to talk about how they had enjoyed the hypnotist's show. Once back at the caravan, they started to relax and decided coffee would be a good idea.
The following day, their flight left in the early evening -- 7.45pm. It was a two hour drive to the airport, so they planned to leave when they got up in the morning, have lunch on the way and arrive in plenty of time. The good thing was that they did not need to be up early.
Over coffee, Des probed to find out what they remembered of the evening. Both remembered every part of the hypnotist's performance, but not that it had been them who participated at the end -- just that two girls had acted out a porn movie. They remembered volunteering for amateur strip night, but not the details of their performance -- Maria said she had found it fun and a real turn on. Marnie agreed less enthusiastically, using her stammering, two or three word utterances once again rather than the more fluent speech she had discovered on stage.
'I'm going to get ready for bed,' stated Maria, 'you coming?'. Marnie nodded and they went behind the curtain of the caravan to prepare for their last night's sleep. Des was a little disappointed. He had hoped they would finish their last night as they had spent much of the rest of their time together, but it seemed the girls did not want to.
However, his disappointment turned to elation as they came back, both naked. Maria smiled.
'We sleep naked. Aren't you going to join us?'
Des needed no encouragement and quickly doffed his clothes.
The bed was folded down and the three of them lay together, Des flanked by Marnie to his left and Maria to his right. Both girls rolled to face him, their bodies pressed against his, and he kissed each in turn, long and deep, tongues fighting, moving from tenderness to passion. Their touches, at first tentative, became more forceful and hands travelled down Des's body, meeting on his engorged cock, at first touching, then stroking gently.
Maria moved first, her head going down his body, kissing his chest, his stomach, his navel, finally opening to consume his glans. He kissed Marnie, and with his free hand, toyed with her breasts, teasing her nipples, first stroking, then teasing and pinching making them hard and making her gasp.
Maria moved back up, but his disappointment at her leaving his erection changed to elation as Marnie's mouth replaced hers. Now he was able to play with Maria's ample bosom, once again making her nipples protrude excitedly to his stimulus. Maria moved to straddle his body, and shifted upwards, enabling him to lick her pussy. She was very wet and as he licked, he could just about hear her small cries as he stimulated her.
Now time to swap again. Marnie now mounted his face, while Maria sucked him. Des revelled in their different scents and the differences between the two vaginas he was enjoying. Maria's had puffier outer lips he realised, but Marnie had a larger clitoris. As his fingers pulled her buttocks apart, enabling him to touch the soft skin at the entrance to her back passage, he stretched his tongue, desperate for it to enter her vagina. Once again, he considered how their vaginas ran at differing angles, and noticed how their lubrication differed -- Maria's thin, almost watery, while Marnie's was thicker. Their scents also -- one being strong, musky, almost animal, the other mild and gentle. Both wonderful and exciting.
With Marnie straddling his face, Maria now clambered on top of him, teasing him by putting the tip of his penis against her outer lips and sliding down a little, allowing him to enter before lifting off so that he would fall out again. Marnie turned now to face Maria -- all the better to watch, and reached over to touch her breast. Maria gasped and reciprocated, now sliding down onto Des, letting him slide deep into her.
She, in turn, touched Marnie's welcoming nipple, and Des realised that not only was it their last night with him, but in all likelihood, they would not do this together at home.
This whole interlude had been a pause in reality for all of them, and when they left, they would resume their lives as flat-mates and nothing more.
He licked voraciously at Marnie's open cunt, relishing her taste, wanting to drink as much as possible this final time so that her musk would be forever with him. Maria slid easily up and down his cock, and he loved the sensations of the steady rhythm, not yet urgent, just regular to build up towards the shattering climax which would follow.
Marnie lifted away from him, leaving his face slick with sweat and her juices, and began to pay attention to Maria. She reached out to touch the clitoris, easy to locate above her cock-filled pussy. Maria gasped with pleasure and opened her eyes to look at her friend. She stopped her movements, leaving Des inside her and returned Marnie's touch, reaching across and rubbing before slipping a finger inside.
Maria dismounted, and Des understood that it was girl time, and was content to watch and stroke gently while they played. They kissed, long and deep, demonstrating their love for one another, now finally made physical. Their breasts touched, erect nipple to erect nipple and their hands explored one another's bodies.
Maria pulled Marnie close, grabbing her buttocks and drawing her towards her before breaking away and moving her kisses down to her neck. Marnie arched backwards, resting on her arms as Maria worked down, finding a nipple and drawing it into her mouth before traversing to the other nipple, leaving a trail of saliva across Marnie's chest. Then down again, to her stomach and navel, pushing Marnie back until she lay on the bed.
Finally, her head was between Marnie's thighs and she began to lick. No teasing this time -- their familiarity meant that niceties could be abandoned -- and she licked and sucked deep and long, bringing Marnie to orgasm quickly and explosively.
Maria sat up, smiling as the roles were reversed. Now Marnie used her mouth to suckle on nipples and relish the taste of the bare skin. She buried her head between Marie's legs, snuffling and slobbering as she lapped juices and increased Maria's pleasure to the point where climax was inevitable. Finally, Maria cried out with pleasure as Marnie inserted a finger in her front hole and a thumb in her back passage, squeezing and complementing her flickering tongue. Maria climaxed explosively, wailing in ecstasy.
Now both turned to Des. Maria kissed him full on the lips as Marnie lowered her head to suck on his engorged member, flickering her tongue around the purple head and bobbing up and down on the shaft. Then she withdrew, laying back on the bed, legs wide, inviting him to enter.
The invitation was unnecessary, and he moved on top of her, sliding in easily. They made love steadily and slowly, neither wanting to finish too soon as Maria watched from the side, stroking herself gently, almost unconsciously.
Then, Marnie stopped, putting her hands on Des's chest, pushing him gently back, wanting to change position. She turned away from Des, kneeling up, presenting her gorgeous backside to him, and indicated that Maria should do the same. Des knew his role. He fucked them both, taking turns, ministering to the empty cunt with his fingers, as the two women stroked themselves, heads low on the pillows. They fucked that way until first Maria, then Marnie enjoyed another orgasm.
Now it was Des's turn, and Maria and Marnie knew how it should be. 'With her', directed Maria, looking into her eyes'.
Marnie lay on her back in readiness. He mounted her and she breathed in his ear, 'inside me. Deep inside.'
He started to build his rhythm. At first slow, gradually speeding up, reaching the point where his entire sensation seemed to be concentrated in the pulsating flesh between his legs, desperate for release, as Marnie started to cry, 'Yes. Yes. Yes', in his ear.
And finally, it happened. His ability to think disappeared, his soul spurting warm and thick deep inside the body of this woman who he had adored ever since meeting her for the first time. It occurred to him, fleetingly, that he had no idea whether or not she used contraception, but he didn't care at that moment, happy to collapse into her arms as his final twitches concluded their love and her squeezing muscles drew out the last drops of fluid, leaving him spent.
That night, they all slept together, lovingly entwined.
Leaving
They awoke the next day, kissing and hugging, trying to reinforce their closeness at every opportunity. Des had checked about the contraception and been reassured. Both girls had been well aware of the possibilities of their trip, and while Maria had been taking the pill for many years, Marnie had started well before the trip. While Des was relieved, there was a small fraction of him which was disappointed -- irrationally, he would have loved a reason for them to be together again.
They packed and loaded the car before enjoying a final coffee and a snack before the journey. For the first part, they were silent, tired and recovering from the night before. They broke for lunch later than usual, and the food intake made them all brighter and more lively. When they exited to the car, the easy flow of their chatter had resumed.
They started to revisit their time together. How nervous they had been when they first met, and how it had been Maria who had set the tone for the visit on the first night with a game of strip poker. Marnie then took up the reins, her strip show leaving Des with indelible memories and their passion for one another finally being consummated. Their first threesome together, and how it had become a food fight and led into areas totally new to Marnie.
Next they talked about how things had developed since they had extended their visit. Their juvenile games with students, followed by the photoshoot the following day. Again how that had led into new areas of fetish and less conventional sexual activity. How they had then moved on to the Swingers' Club and Marnie had experienced wider group sex and sex with strangers. How that day had been Marnie's first few stumbling words.
The webcam session was next, followed by the hypnotist -- they talked at length about the show, never once realising their own part in it. Des smiled, knowing that those memories would surface on the plane. He wondered what the reactions would be. He suspected horror at first, then giggling, followed by embarrassment.
He would find out soon enough -- as soon as they were able to get on to a computer and contact him. It wouldn't be long either. They were to rejoin their tour in Paris, barely a one hour flight, so they would be sending messages on their phones while he was making his way home.
Then they talked about their final night together. How they had all come together -- simple, uncomplicated sex once again, full of affection and caring and adoration for one another.
Knowing that all this was about to end, they fell into a rather sullen silence.
There remained the elephant in the room. Marnie had found some voice, but barely anything of note. She still preferred not to speak, and when she did, her voice betrayed years of disuse. Des wondered if memories of the hypnotist's show when she spoke out loud and clear would help.
What had been achieved was clear. She was confident now and had thrown off the shackles of inhibition which had stopped her from realising her sexual persona. Maybe this would lead to easier relationships in future -- maybe marriage and family.
For Des too, it had been a cleansing process. He would return to his life recognising that it had value. Knowing that, through their sexual voyage, he had expelled many of the dis-satisfactions which had previously dogged his life. He would always have these memories, not to mention the photographs and videos, and this would bolster his future life -- maybe a swansong before middle age took hold, but at least an opening into a new life where he could become sexually fulfilled -- a swinger club was definitely on the agenda now!
Maria also had explored herself. Now, she would have a whole new world to share with Marnie. They would never become lovers, Des suspected, but maybe now they could share even more than before -- and -- who knows -- maybe on long cold nights when they were feeling sad or down, they would crawl into bed together and enjoy each other's body, as they had done several times over the last few days.
At the airport, they had time to kill, and spent it in shops, drinking coffee and simply being together. Des and Marnie held hands the whole time, often hugging, sometimes kissing. Maria allowed them space, while occasionally joining their hugs and caresses as a welcome partner. Everything was tenderness and caring, no hint of the rampant lust which had been the leitmotiv of their time together.
Finally, the time came. They hugged and kissed for one final time. This time, it was as lovers, and other passengers might have guessed that they were seeing people in a relationship, parting but to be reunited in the future. Only they knew that it was untrue.
There would be no 'next time', unless... well... unless something miraculous happened. Observers might, of course, have been a little surprised to see the three of them together, the man alternating between kissing each woman, neither seeming jealous.
It was Maria who broke away first, leaving Marnie and Des to their final farewell. One last lingering kiss. Next time they would be miles apart, tapping on keyboards or at screens, missing one another yet satisfied that their time would be locked forever as a wonderful memory, forever untainted by normality.
It was an improbable dream.