Yawning loudly, Paige Turner sat at her desk in Chance Henry's class. Her Biology teacher as boring as ever. With under two weeks until Graduation Day, she had hoped her classes would lighten up, and be a bit more relaxed. After getting a good nights sleep, she still felt fatigue, mostly due to her adventure with Mister Frank. She struggled to keep her eyes open. Every time she chose to look around her she found boys checking her out with curiosity, and mischief in their eyes. Nothing new really, after Drew's party the weekend before, the boys while keeping quiet treated her respectfully for the most part. Sure they would tease her a bit, but nothing too extreme. Far better than she or her Father expected. Fidgeting in her in her seat at their stares, Paige finally opts to offer a vivid expression of "What?" Hands thrown up a bit, in questioning their attentiveness.
Looking to a boy that had been at Drew's party named Glenn, she realizes what was going on. He let her see his cellphone screen. Not surprisingly it was of Paige being gangbanged by 13 boys in her senior class. Her eyes bulged, motioning for him to lower the cell before anyone saw it. He refused, and points toward a boy to her right, this one not at the party, that concerned her. It proved that word was being spread of her slutty actions. Snapping her attention between them, they show her the same video on both cells, of the dashing Matt fucking her. More points directed from boy, to boy, to boy, each offering her similar videos. Beet red, she whimpers in thought, trying not to panic.
"Nooo! They've been gentlemen all week long. Why now?" She conceals her thoughts, staring up at her Teacher, writing on the chalk board. Finally, necessity struck.
Scribbling on her notebook, she shows Hector, one of her momentary lovers, the note. "Why are you guys doing this in school?"
He shuts his cell off, in favor of writing his own message back. "We want more."
"No." She shakes her head with a pale expression.
With a scowl Hector returns with, "We show Principal Dewey what someone showed us, if you don't."
Her jaw drops. "Did Brett get to you guys, and you up to this? I thought you guys had my back."
"We do, as long as you give us what we want." Other boys looked smug at her, expecting her to cave, and say yes. She loved sex, including with them, it was her first official gangbang away from her Dad, but not more so soon. At least not until after graduation.
"After we graduate, I'll do as you want." She jots down nervously, looking about at active videos still playing. Boys without cells were not peering over shoulders to watch with interest.
"Bigger party. More guys." Hector writes back.
"Okay. I'm good with that." Paige nods shyly. She intended to do Joshy's 25 friends as it were. What was another 20 she concluded. It actually made her smile. The guys ate it up.
"Wear those butt zipper jeans tomorrow. No underwear." Hector added ink.
Shrugging, she nodded yes. Play along she thought. As long as they lowered their cells, and didn't tell Principal Dewey. A temporary truce at best. She knew things would get worse before the day was out. For now with the class over, she was saved by the bell.
With Chance Henry concluding his lesson, he excuses his students. Leaving with her books hugging her chest, Paige shuffled toward her locker, down at the end of the hall. Noticing her friend Beau at his own locker, a few down from hers, she skips to his side acting care free.
"Hi Beau." Her eyes were bright and full of life. Regardless, of her situation.
"Hey Paige. Wassup?"
"The guys are being meanies toward me now." She changes her tune quickly, void of expression.
"Huh? How? Who?"
"Everyone from the party that was in my Biology class. Some guys who weren't even there know everything. They were all showing off video of me having sex with them. Five guys in class showing me at once. They want more."
"No brainer. You had to see this coming." He frowns, trying not to look her square in the eyes.
"Do...you want more of me?"
"You know I do Paige." Now, he stares with trembling eyes. "I'm different though. I really like you. If you would be my girlfriend, I'd jump at the chance."
"Awww! That's really sweet. Maybe after we graduate, I'll date you more. For now I like being single. That okay with you?"
"Sure! Sloppy seconds it is."
"That was mean too." She pouts.
"True isn't it?"
"I guess. I can't help it Beau. I like teasing guys. Sex is awesome. I'm so new to this, I can't help myself."
"I'll be around." He stammers, "Except tomorrow. Cough! Cough!"
"Hector wants me to wear my zipper jeans tomorrow, no underwear. Should I risk it?"
He rolls his eyes, "You know that zipper will come down, all day long."
"Is that a bad thing?" She giggled.
"Only if you get busted I suppose."
"I know I'm being stupid if I do wear them, but I want the attention."
"Oh you'll get plenty of that."
"We only have a week and a half before graduation day. I shouldn't do, it but I want to."
"Then go for it. I can't stop you."
"I fucked in Oz Park yesterday." She brags, "People watching me. It was freaking awesome. I was naked all day long wherever I went." Keeping Frank's day long date at his home her secret for now.
"You're bonkers."
"My date liked showing me off." She didn't go into details, concerning Frank's nephew Robin.
"I'm sure very guy in school, wants to show you off. Did your Dad really think he was going to keep these assholes from talking, or letting other guys see your pics and video?"
"No. I'm pretty sure Daddy figured it would happen. He just has his fingers crossed I can graduate before it comes out."
"Good luck with that."
As they jabbered away Sean and Drew make their way over to them. Paige embraced them cheerfully. "Hi."
"Wanna see what we're putting up in our lockers?" Sean seemed friendly.
Drew then shows her a piece of paper with her picture on it. She was totally nude and smiling. Her jaw dropped. "I take good pictures. You're making me into a poster?"
"All of us have one. That's how much we love you Turner. Hell, I blew this pic up and hung it up in my bedroom. I jerk off to it every night before bed." Drew casts an arm over her shoulder which dangled over her chest. He intentionally squeezes her right tit with a smirk. A bra today shocked him.
"Awww! I love you guys too. I feel really special now that I'm on your bedroom wall next to some bikini model. I'm honored you want me in your lockers. Just don't stuff me in one. I know I'd fit." She snorts holding a hand over her mouth as she blushes.
Sean offers Beau a picture for his locker, he declines and shies off. "Keep it. I don't want one."
In response Paige pouts, "But, I want to you to see me every time you open your locker. I can pose for a better picture just for you." Beau rolls his eyes and forces himself around the trio. Ignoring them he heads for the restroom. Next class fast approaching Paige fills Sean and Drew in on Hector's scheme. "Are you guys in on this too?"
Drew smirks, "Hell yes. Wear those jeans, and some kind of revealing shirt. Leave this damn bra home while you're at it." He unsnaps it with practiced ease. She drops her jaw, feeling her bra loosen up. Shyly nodding, she agrees.
"I can take this one off and leave it in my locker."
Puckering Drew rubs her back, "Take it off before the bell rings."
She swiftly looks about for safety before pulling her arms inside her t-shirt. It was a simple job of slipping her arms out of it and putting her T-shirt back on properly. They enjoyed her bit of escapism, her belly button cute as all get out. Once her arms were outside she reaches under and drags out her lacy white 36C. Drew puts his opposite hand out as his other arm returns to dangle over her breast. A soft squeeze makes her blush.
"Much better. I'll just hang on to this waste of fabric."
"Can I have it back later? I don't own very many bras as it is."
"We'll see. Doesn't this feel better?" He squeezes her tit a second time. Sean looking closely as her other tit's nipple, as it grows right before his eyes. She nods twice with a thin smile to confirm her freedom. As the bell interrupts them, she hurries to grab her Economics textbook. Drew releasing her, inhales the interior of the bra, sharing the second cup with Sean. Guys in the hall grinned from ear to ear. Girls grew jealous. Since Paige had began her new life, the other girls were feeling ignored. No matter if they were more popular in the inner circles, or not. For the moment, none of the girls created trouble.
Loitering a bit both Sean, and Drew pinned their flyers inside their lockers. The bra locked up inside Drew's for now. They stood fist bumping, while watching Paige wiggle away.
"Dude!" Sean opened up, "I think I'm skipping class to go beat off."
"She's taking this pretty calmly. I wonder how she's gonna react when Brett corners her tomorrow?"
"She might have a nervous breakdown."
"We have to get her naked here in school again. Tell the guys to put their heads together, let's make it happen."
"Tomorrow?"
"It will be easier when she's wearing those hot ass jeans."
"Right on."
Both boys skipped class. Bathroom stalls were occupied for the next 40 minutes.
Entering her Economics class she discovered similar boys goading her with video, before she had even taken a seat. Boys she didn't even know, other than in appearance. That scared her, yet thrilled her just the same. She was most certainly wet between her thighs. This class, only the boys Mike, and Matt were from the party.
Nonetheless, both were torturing her by patting their crotches, making her blush. Other boys noticed her protruding nipples and used their own pecs to mimic pinching hers. She shyly giggled, but hid her expression.
As class began the Teacher Drake Burrows, a middle aged, middle build, black man, bald, with glasses decided to go easy on his class. Joking around with the students, he catches a cell phone in use, squinting his eyes at Mike. Instead of saying anything he gets up and walks around his classroom, asking questions concerning business, marketing, etc. He casually sneaks up behind Mike peering over his shoulder to see him watching porn. He didn't get a solid look at who was in the video but he knew exactly what it was.
"Care to share with the class Michael?"
Mike's eyes bulged hiding his cell against his chest. Matt busted up having put his own cell away before being caught. Paige whined nasally knowing that Mister Burrows might look more closely and realize it was her. It was then that certain girls, those who had chastised her in the restroom the day Brett Chenowyth got expelled, grinned at her. Paige turned blood red.
"No Sir." Mike swallowed dryly until a hand poised over his shoulder. Fingers snapping lured Mike into handing the Teacher his cell. Paige nearly fainted. This was it. No Graduating for her. Breathing heavily, Paige put her head down on her desk, awaiting a verbal "Come with me, Miss Turner." Her life was over.
Burrows instead pockets the cell, "You can have your phone back at the end of class. Anyone else want to use their phones?" Everyone muttered, "No."
Returning to his desk he encourages a reading assignment. Kicking back he slyly looks at Mike's cell, playing the video, and knowing it was muted. He had it in a drawer. Fiddling in the drawer he didn't let on what was truly happening. Burrows was too curious not to examine the porn. He caught on very quickly. Paige was impossible not to recognize. Seeing her being screwed made him flare his eyes. Lifting his glasses, he pinches his eyelids. Hiding his interest as it continued to play he realized that more than one boy was involved. He had counted four so far. Amazed, he has to shut it off, his dick was coming to life. Any longer he would have a raging hard on in class. Closing the drawer he sits back glaring at his students. He could tell how stressed Paige was, she sat there nearly ready to cry. Looking up at Burrows, he shares a warm smile. With a sly wink he put a finger to his lips, she took it as him saying he wouldn't tell anyone. With a hand to her chest she sat up straight mouthing a soft, "Thank you." It was then he saw her nipple hard on. His expression quickly changed. Hunger crept in at the sight. She realized his gaze upon her breasts and looked down at herself. Eyes popping out she folds her arms over her nipples hiding them. Burrows frowned at their loss.
"Oh my gosh! Mister Burrows looks so sad. I...think he likes what he sees." She scans her surroundings making certain nobody was looking and lowers her arms. Sitting up straight she lets him see her nipples, now harder than ever. Her thin peach colored T-shirt left little to hide. A blush his way led to him sitting forward, elbows on his desk. Nodding at her he winks once more. "Gosh! He likes my nip nips. From his reaction I don't think I need to worry about him telling on me. Whew!"
For the remainder of the class she teased him. He embraced it with style. As the bell rang Mike claimed his cellphone and bolted out of the class. Paige waited until everyone had left before stepping over to Burrows at his desk.
"Thank you Mister Burrows."
"No! Thank you Miss Turner. Some show there." He taps his own cell on the desk informing her he had seen more than just her shirt tightening up.
"You...saw everything?" She cringes.
"Not here to judge you Miss Turner. You've been an exemplary student. Just be careful out there."
"Did you...like it?" She melts him with her childlike voice. In response he turns facing her in his swivel seat. Her eyes instantly captured a big tent revival. His pants were rearing tall at the crotch.
"You tell me."
"Oh my gosh." She giggles turning red. "You should really take care of that."
"It will go down during my next class."
"Are you sure?" She looks behind her at the open doorway. With no one in sight she sits her books on his desk, then in a bold move lifts her T-shirt to show him her bare chest. With a smirk she drops her shirt and snatches up her books. Twisting she darts out of the room.
"No, I am not."
He would excuse himself from his next class to go to the restroom, There he ferociously beat off in the same stall that Drew had earlier. Her secret would be kept. Paige was high on herself the rest of the day. Ignoring whispers at every turn until it was time to go home. She had been noticed by other Teachers as well. None spoke up. She couldn't stop grinning.
At home, she related nothing to her Father, hoping not to scare him into reading her the riot act. This was something she just had to do on her own. For better or worse. After dinner she and her Dad Lonnie curled up in front of the computer. Naked as always they shared tender caresses, and warm kisses.
"Oh! That Dillon guy wrote you back."
"Was he mean to me?" She pouts.
"Read it for yourself." He opens up the message, rubbing her back as she leans forward to read.
"HOLY FUCK!" Dillon begins, "THAT'S INSANE. Do I want to meet you still? HELL TO THE YES. I've never met a girl like you before. Maybe you should go as Red Sonja to Comic Con. The more skin the better. LOL. I'll make you chainmail pasties and a thong. I have a big ass sword you can use." Paige was glued to every word, her eyelids refusing to blink. "I have a question though. After all those guys, what could you possibly see in me? I mean it's flattering that your gangbang was meant to impress me, all those superheroes having sex with you, but...would I ever be enough for you? Do you want more of that kind of thing? I guess I'm okay with it if you do. I have a lot of geeky virgin friends who would love to meet you. LOL! Can we discuss this before Comic Con? It's a month away. Maybe meet for pizza? Let me know. I really want to meet you. Bye for now."
"Wow! He wasn't scared off." She settles back against her Father. His hands roaming her full frontal lovingly.
"Write him back. You can go for pizza with him right after Graduation."
"Won't I be really busy with Joshy, and Mister Frank?"
"We'll find time. Write him back."
"Okay." She raises forward to type. "Hi Dillon. I'm sooo glad I didn't scare you off. I would love to get pizza with you after I Graduate in a week and a half. I'll let you know when I'm free. I'm happy you took that video so well. I did it for you."
"No you didn't." Lonnie chuckled.
"You hush." She wiggles her ass over his erection. Continuing her message she adds, "You have a lot of virgin friends? Yay! If you want me to meet them I will. Maybe they can dress up as super villains this time. LOL. You can swing in like Spidey and save me. I'll be in touch. Thank you for wanting me. Bye Dillon."
Sending the message she falls back into her Dad again. Taking his hands she cups them over her breasts. Her thoughts immediately envisioned Mister Burrows. He was kind of cute. Lonnie picked her up and took her to his bed. They made love for two hours straight. He allowed her to sleep with him this time. Paige fell asleep in his arms. Hand around his dick.
The next day...
Paige wore her butt zipper jeans as requested. No panties beneath them. Her shirt was a low cut powder blue pullover with no sleeves, thin straps holding it up to reveal a good amount of shoulder. Taking the risk of no bra, her nipples stabbed outward in her exhilaration. The boys wanted this, so she wanted this too. Her long, fire red hair whipped about, as she walked through the school halls. Her tits bobbing graciously, joined in on the adventure.
Eyes were glued to her. Even girls took interest. Paige merely smiled, and kept on walking. Her stride kept her breasts active, regardless who chose to stare. Whispers heard, she ignored them, and headed for her locker. Reaching it she recalls her combination and pops the door open to place her book bag within. Without realizing it Hector, Matt and a few others from Drew's party shrouded her. A couple boys not from the party, as well.
"Good morning Sunshine." Matt chuckled and looked down her cleavage.
"Hi Matt." She looks around her at five others. "Can we talk about the videos yesterday in Biology?"
"What about them?" Hector winced.
"I agreed to another party, I just don't need to risk not graduating guys. If Dewey sees those videos, I'll be expelled before I get my diploma. I swear, you can all have me again after school is over."
"Whole senior class wants you."
"Wow!" Her eyes flare wide. Lifting her glasses she timidly smiles. "We have a big graduating class."
"65 guys 70 girls." Billy calculated for her.
"Even the girls want me?" She shivers.
"Maybe. But, the guys want you all to themselves."
"All 65?"
"At least 50 of them." Billy adds.
"That's a lot of dick." She innocently nibbles her lower lip thinking about it.
More boys show up around her. Including a few real jerks. From behind them, Brett Chenowyth rears his ugly head, nudging Hector aside. He along with his buds, Aaron and Cody do as they had not long ago, moving to both sides of her locker with folded arms.
"I told you I'd get even with you Turner. I have those pics of you now. It took some persuasion but I'm baaaack."
"Welcome back. Do you have a poster over your bed like Drew does?" She attempts to be chipper.
"Three of them. All pics of you and I together. Where were we?" He ponders dramatically poised. "Oh yeah! You were gonna blow me at lunch."
"Okay. I'm not afraid of that. I'm ready when you are." He appeared shocked by her submission. As did his friends. "I've had lots of time to think it over. I'll do whatever you guys want me to do. Just don't ruin my graduation."
Brett prods her further with, "That was some gangbang I hear."
"Another one coming after I get my diploma. 50 guys Billy says. Yay!"
"Damn, Turner."
"You all have to wear condoms though. None of you want to be a Daddy."
"Speaking of...how is Daddy?" Brett chuckles. "Still tapping your ass?"
"Best I've ever had. Yes we are." She nods with glee.
"Dang! No denial? No pleading for mercy? You suck Turner." Brett snickers.
"I suck really good." She nods with a timid smile. "You'll see."
"How about right here, and now?" Brett strives for smugness. She looks around her for onlooking teachers, finding none. Kneeling down she reaches for Brett's crotch, only to find him not quite as confident as he let on. Not even he wanted expelled again.
"Hold up. Not here. You're right, we all want our diplomas."
The group of boys groan at his chickening out. Paige was hoping he might change his mind this way, she knew that pushing him might bring on his own bit of insecurity. With a pouty expression she turns to face Aaron, prepared to blow him. He too moved away. As did Cody, anticipating that he would be her next target.
"You guys are no fun." She puffs her lower lip with a disappointed expression. Brett moved in behind her, "There's that zipper." He swiftly unzips her own, to the triangle at the spot where ass cheeks, and upper thighs part ways. Rubbing her bare bottom he sighs.
"Oh, were game Turner. Just not right out in the open. What say you meet us after school in that weight room you posed in for my boys?"
"I can do that."
"Beautiful. I might just fuck you up this cute little ass hole."
"Be gentle. Still new to me." She smiles.
"None of us can wait until after Graduation." Matt admits. "We can still do that too."
"Can we play more Three Minutes in Heaven?"
"Ohhh no. Long as we want in Heaven."
"That might take a week." She giggles, feeling Cody rubbing her bare bottom too. His finger teasing her pussy. She shivered with a bright red blush.
"Let's see these titties." Matt lifts her shirt up in front to reveal her breasts. Guys sighed at their perkiness. "Fucking A! Those are gorgeous Turner."
"Fucking A- or Fucking A +?" She snickers.
Brett reaches around fondling her left boob, she trembles as other students walk by watching. The girls flipped her off, they wanted the attention Paige was getting. With a shrug, the tiny redhead overlooked their bitterness. Each of the boys graded her A+. That made her giddy.
"Alright, Turner..." Brett twisted her to face him. "I think you're going to tease the fuck out of all of us today. Teachers too."
"As long as I don't get into trouble." She fidgets, looking over the wide frames of her glasses at Brett.
"Anything we want, or we show Dewey the posters in lockers. Video on cells. Are we clear?"
"Yes."
"You should act really kiddy like you do sometimes."
"I do that all the time. I can't help it."
"You know what I mean." Brett hisses, "Don't talk like you're really smart. Act...ditzy."
"Okay!" She shies a bit.
"SHIT! Here comes Dewey." Aaron blurts out, turning away.
"Act natural Turner." Brett insists, moving her in front of him.
"Everything alright over here? Are these boys bullying you, Miss Turner?"
"No Sir." She pouts with her kiddy voice, appearing as if scolded.
Brett unzips her pants in back all the way down. His finger teasing her anal button. She whimpers slightly. Principal Dewey admires her shirt, nipples stabbing hard. Scowling he mumbles, "Dress code."
"I don't have anything else to wear Principal Dewey."
Frowning heavily he clears his throat, "Today only. Try not to let those be seen."
"These?" She points at her nipples. The gathering held their breath.
"Yes, those." Dewey swallows trying not to stare. Behind Paige she feels her button unclasp on her jeans. They loosened up a bit as Brett continued rubbing her ass. Dewey attempted to change his tactics, "So? Is everyone here ready to graduate?"
"Heck yes." Most of them concurred.
"And, you Miss Turner?"
"I'll miss you Mister Dewey." She makes him melt. Rushing him, she throws her arms around his waist with an unbreakable hug, right cheek pressing against his pudgy stomach. His hands rubbed her back, dangerously close to her unfastened jeans. Her perfume stirring emotions that were unbecoming of a man in his occupational standing. Still, he subjected himself to her adoration. The thoughts of those tiny little nipples on his abdomen made him lower his eyelids. Trembling eyelids at that.
"You are very kind Miss Turner. I will most certainly miss you as well."
Brett had dipped fingers up inside her pussy. When she made the leap toward Dewey his fingers pulled away drenched in her juices. Poising them for his friends to see Brett felt evil.
"I want to shake your hand Sir. It's been an honor." Raising a hand from Paige's back, Dewey accepts Brett's gesture. Wetness felt with ease, Dewey chalked it up to sweaty palms. The gathering of boys were blown away.
"You should all get to class." Dewey breaks away from Paige, turning to walk toward his office, swallowing at a discomfort in the seam of his suit pants.
Immediately the boys applaud Brett for his ballsy improv with silent reactions. Triumphant fists share in their disbelief, that he had just done the unthinkable. Brett was the man.
"Fucking A, Dude!" Matt was blown away.
"Only the beginning my bitches." Brett circles in step ever the braggart, arms high in accepting their praise.
"Turner deserves some of the badassness, she hugged him with that zipper down to her freaking cunt." Sean points out. "Unbuttoned even."
"It's getting a little chilly down there." She fidgets moving her hands back to zip up. Brett wouldn't have it.
"Ohhh, no." He swats her hands. "You're not done showing off Turner."
"I'm not?" She offers an expression of awe.
""Not even. Let's see you crawl down the hallway on your hands and knees."
"There's still lots of people watching."
"So fucking what." Brett huffs. Pointing at the tile floor she glances amongst her gathered flock. Every one of them daring her to do it.
"How am I going to carry my books?" She eyes her bag next to her locker.
"Aaron's got them." Brett snatches them up, shoving them into his buddies hands. Paige made another scan of her surroundings as people began heading to class. Slowly dropping to the floor she begins her crawl. Bare butt wiggling from side to side with every advance. She observed people watching her crawl toward them. Some laughed. Some acted as if they were unzipping their flies in expectation. Others bent over acting as if they were coaxing a puppy with a snack in hand. For fifteen feet she crawled, other boys easing behind her to capture a view of her goodies. Brett feeling evil follows along, reaching down to tug her pants even lower. More of her clam crept out in the maneuver. Guys chuckled. Even her shirt drooped low, her breasts seen if looking hard enough, both dancing in her journey.
Finally, at a door to her first class she's allowed to stand. Her jeans exposing her tummy more than expected. She fidgets as Brett circles her with an inspection. "Stay that way. Anyone here share her class?" Three raise their hands. "Awesome. See that these jeans stay unzipped, and riding low. Sneak pics and save them to show me later."
"Scared Turner?" Sean questions her.
"A little."
"You know you want to tease all of us." Brett points at her.
"Uh huh!" She nods.
"Get in there." Brett nudges her with a slap on the ass. Smiling where the boys couldn't see her, Paige entered Economics. Teacher Drake Burrows too busy at his desk to notice her this time, she pouted. She loved his reaction to her yesterday, when she showed him her tits. This class at least she felt confident in what she might get away with. Others not so much.
Following her in, Mike, Matt, and another boy Rudy whom had claimed her bag from Aaron, made certain she sat in a seat where they could gather around her. Matt had the best view, sitting behind her chair. Beet red Paige looks about at other students. Boys and girls alike saw her bare bottom earlier. Those that hadn't been so lucky were catching on fast. Mike with his cell made a crude video of the class as they were staring at Paige with amusement. Drool flying everywhere as boys pointed her out without sympathy. Girls with agitation, and envy in their eyes, yet none spoke up. Shockingly, Brett Chenowyth was just that worshipped by the girls. If this was something he instigated, they wouldn't disrupt his plans. Even if it was sick and perverted. If anyone felt empathy it was the girls. Paige Turner had never once done anything to deserve this. Other than being the shy, reserved nerd, with a childlike demeanor, she was respected. As rumors spread about her, seeing leaflets of her nude, now the girls were just downright miserable. A good number of them would have posed for such flyers. In their minds all Paige needed to do now was sign autographs. She was a quiet hit. This late in the school year though, they knew she was playing with fire.
"Gosh! My heart is racing so fast. Everyone knows. I'm sooo toast." Paige cringes in her seat, feeling faint, yet excitable. "Daddy is going to kill me. Me so dumb."
Matt, like Hector yesterday, produces a notebook to convey inaudible messages to her. Penning a direct order from a text sent by Brett. "Pull your shirt straps off of your shoulders."
Eyes bulbous and trembling Paige looks down at her already impressive cleavage. Her shirt being a loose fit already concerned her. Not that she worried about Mister Burrows, he had seen her tits close up already. The rest of the class had not. Well, except for Matt and Mike from Drew's party.
Before she could consider the demand, Teacher Drake Burrows began his class. Bringing up Macroeconomics and asking for current examples. Students lacking interest leer toward Paige, the smarty pants. In this case the smarty depantsed. She swallows and removes her right strap from her shoulder letting it dangle over her upper arm. Definition of her cleavage dipped instantaneously, as the soft cotton fabric slipped. Jaws dropped, only her left strap kept her top from falling dangerously low. Arm raised to answer Burrows question kept it higher. With a cleared throat from Matt she switches arms. A smirk led Paige to realize her mistake. Bulbous cleavage it was.
"Miss Turner." Her Teacher points, just before realizing her chest level. If a black man could turn white in a single breath, Drake Burrows would be sailing at sea. A gust of wind in his sails.
"Economic output, unemployment, inflation, savings, and investments."
"Very good. At least someone remembers. This is only a refresher people. Call it a mental Pop Quiz." He attempts to overlook her chest. Not easy after thinking about it all night, from home. The poor man jerking off in his apartment for hours, picturing Paige flashing him. Standing up and pacing near his desk he chose to sit on it facing his students.
Hearing the term Pop Quiz, two boys made a popping noise with their fingers in the corners of their mouths. Chuckles were a following of the guard. Using his hands to calm the laughter Drake continues. Ignoring Paige he yearns for other responses.
"Examples of Negative Macroeconomic Factors. Anyone?"
Again all eyes journey toward Paige. She swallows noting Matt brush his left shoulder. A cue to remove the other strap. She swallows complying. With both straps drooping her cleavage dropped to the point that only her nipples were clawing into the fabric to keep it up. Everyone in the class panicked for her. Eyes darting between Paige, and Burrows like watching Wimbledon.
Hand returning to the air dramatically, Paige felt her nipples rubbing against the cotton, sensations feeling ticklish. Burrows scowling at his class removes his glasses, knowing his eye sight would be blurry as he cleaned them with a handkerchief. Squinting at Paige he allowed her in. "Again Miss Turner."
"Negative macroeconomic factors include events that may put a national or international economy in jeopardy." She takes a deep breath, "A sense of political instability caused by a nation's involvement in either civil or international wars will cause economic turbulence." Shaking her tits without warning her audience makes them fight bursting out in hysterics. Her tits struggling to be free shocked them. She was using Drake's bad eye sight to her advantage. "This turbulence could be due to the reallocation of resources. "Slyly she points at her tits winking. "Which is common in war-time economies, or it could be caused by damage to property, assets and livelihoods."
She goes on as Drake nods with a pearly grin, "Continue." Everyone agreed. She had a captive audience.
"Unanticipated events. "Another point at her nipples reels in viewers. "Such as the debt crisis that began in the mid 2000's within the United States and had cascading implications across the globe." Lifting her right tit up as Burrows looks down at his cleaning process, she frees her right boob and flicks her nipple with her tongue. A sweet Globe indeed. "That would qualify as a macroeconomic factor along with significant national disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and flooding." A massive jiggle storms both tits free of her shirt. Proudly, she arches her back and shows off. No laughter, merely awe. Mad respect. With a finger to her lips for silence she puts her boobs away without pulling the straps up. Hidden for another moment. Mike had recorded her actions on his cell. This shit was pure gold.
"Beautiful Miss Turner."
"I know." She makes a smug nod. Knowing the class caught on to her twist of words, via compliment. Chuckles couldn't be contained.
"How about examples of Neutral Macroeconomics?" He puts his glasses back on glancing about at lowering heads. Nobody had a clue. It was no wonder that 90% of his class had nothing higher than a C- grade.
Hand lifted once again Paige awaits his notice. With encouraging palms to entice other students unsuccessful, even after calling upon three students in a row, that found shrugs, accompanied by, "I don't know Sir." Burrows shakes his head. By now Paige was hopping in her seat. Tits bouncing, shirt barely clinging. Noting her enthusiasm Burrows finally realizes her cleavage. Freezing in time he swallows.
"Might as well inform everyone just how intelligent you are Miss Turner."
"That's me. I'm a smarty pants." She giggles playfully. Boners were rising all around her. Unrealized, so was Drake Burrows. Girls were noticing their Teacher's bulge as he stood from his desk to lean on it. They were impressed.
"Yes you are." Burrows teases back playfully pointing both hands at her. His tone of voice almost childish, just as hers was. That brought on snickers.
"Economic shifts are neither positive nor negative. Instead, the exact implications are determined by the intent of the action." She tugs the hem of her shirt allowing the fabric to gradually lower over her breasts. Eyes all around her studying its decline. She offered a devious eye contact with the class. Mesmerized by her behavior, they were like deer in her headlights. Mike recording her every intention, utilizing another student to block his cell from Burrow's attention. "This can include trade regulation across state or national borders." Her right hand turned sideways slips beneath her lowered shirt, and up between both breasts. it gave everyone the fantasy of titty fucking. Upper arms squeezing her tits into tight little melons. "The nature of the change, such as enacting or rescinding a trade embargo, will have a variety of effects..." The fingers on her hand acting as if an explosion, channeled visuals of cumming on her chest, "...depending on which economy is being examined." She removes her hand to tug her entire front out as if inspecting a mess. Shyly, she returns to normal, save for the straps.
Having witnessed Paige's performance Burrows sat stunned. All eyes returning to the tennis court of tension. Cracking his neck at the situation Burrows played dumb. Hands clasped before him with a resounding slap, he fires away.
"Examples. Examples. Examples. Come on Paige...I mean people. Use your heads Young Men." His strange behavior busted the students up. As he deciphers their laughter, and his own words he turns pale. The young men seriously wanted to use their heads. Just not the one containing their brain. Burrows still hadn't noticed his tented slacks. It was getting rather congested in there. Circus must have been in town, and Burrows was the Dumbo.
"Maybe it would sink in more if it was written on the chalkboard Mister Burrows." Matt smirked.
"Perhaps. Care to give it a shot Matthew?"
"Love to." He winks at Paige. "I think Paige should do it though. To be honest I'm pretty stupid."
Everyone agreed nodding, which offended Matt, even though he chuckled at himself.
"How do you feel about showing off Miss Turner?" Burrows grits his teeth at another bad choice in words.
"That's an awful lot of writing." She pouts. Matt glaring at her with a scowl. "I...can try."
Now her nerves were riling up. Her pants unzipped in back would be visible to everyone, including Burrows. As Drake motions her to the board.
Afraid to blink Paige eases out of her chair, her shirts hem dropping to cover her belly button after being lifted earlier. Upon standing her jeans at least in the front still hugged her as they should, if not the unzipped, unfastened, back of her pants. Shuffling at an angle, every student in the room held their breath. Titties jiggling under her loose top, stressing an eventual tumble made Paige very afraid. Seeing her reluctance Burrows recalled her shyness over the past year of knowing her. This sudden change in her behavior, switching back and forth was like Jekyl and nothing to hide. He decided to take his seat before she reached the blackboard, stepping around the far side of his desk. Flopping into his swivel chair he turns to face her. It was then he noticed her picking up a piece of chalk. Trembling Paige pondered what to write. Her hips tilted away so that Drake couldn't see her bare bottom.
"Examples of each?" She whispered toward Drake.
"Positive/ normative, negative, neutral."
"K." She raises her right hand scrawling words on the board. "Positive example...Facts. Price levels and trends. Normative example...government has a duty to pay for healthcare. Negative...If you drive a car, it creates air pollution and contributes to congestion, costing people more money. Neutral...goods whose demand is independent of income such as drugs." She halts her lesson plan and without think wipes her chalking hands on her shirt. Her right nipple highlighted with a hand print. Burrows winced at a tightening in his lap, realizing his burgeoning erection.
"Very good Miss Turner."
"I don't get it still." Matt coughs up.
"Me neither." Mike adds.
Paige looks back at Matt who turns in his seat informing her that her backside needed to be shown to Burrows. Her expression emotionless she does just that. Picking the chalk back up with shaky hands she drops it with a clatter on the linoleum floor. Bending over Burrows saw everything. Eyes bulging he bellows, "SWEET LORD IN HEAVEN." There it was, her juicy little clam and adorable bottom button. In a panic Burrows jumps from his seat racing to mask her from the class. Snapping fingers escort Paige to an upright position.
"Zip those pants up." He flares concerned eyes at her. She nods and does just that. Leaving the button undone.
"They made me do it." She whimpers gently, looking up at him with trembling eyeballs.
"Take your seat. For God's sake don't do that again." He knew he should have drug her out of class and to the Office but, sympathy struck. As she bows her head returning to her seat he points at the students with a threatening demeanor. Everyone fell silent. As Paige sat down she sulked.
The remainder of the class she pouted. Matt, and the boys keeping to themselves. As the bell rang everyone stood to walk out. As Paige gathers her bookbag she begins to join Matt, and Mike waiting on her. Before she could vacate the classroom Burrows clears his throat.
"A word Miss Turner?" A dark stare forced the boys to leave them alone. Standing up Drake steps to his classroom door shutting it for privacy. "What are you doing?" He directs a whisper to the gorgeous, yet nerdy redhead.
"My best?" She stares up with doe like eyes.
"You know what I mean. What was that all about?"
"All of the boys wanted me to tease them. I like teasing Mister Burrows." She maintained an innocent posture, "Do you like my teasing? It sure looks like you do." She points at his bulging crotch without looking directly at it.
"You...You know I do. I..." He dares to attempt brushing the chalk off of her shirt to little avail. All he succeeded in doing was jostling her breast. Realizing that he had gone too far he sighs. "Go! Behave yourself."
Shaking her head negatively she winks, "Positive incentives seek to motivate others by promising a reward, whereas negative incentives aim to motivate others by threatening a punishment." She slyly plants a cheek on her left shoulder. "Am I punishing you Mister Burrows?"
"I wouldn't say that. You certainly threaten my job should this get out."
"Then let's be positive...here's your reward." She reaches behind her and unzips her pants all the way down. Turning her backside to him she leers over her shoulder. "You can touch my tushy if you want."
Without so much as a hesitation he palms her butt, caressing it. She giggles lightly as he rubs his crotch before her lowered inspection.
"Detention?" She expects.
"In my bedroom maybe." He growls.
"I'm on Tender." She loved to brag about it.
"Go on, before I get any stupider."
"That's not a word." She sticks her tongue out at him.
Shaking his head he opens the door for her to leave. Out she went, butt wiggling as her jeans loosening in her stride. She would have to tug them up every ten feet. The guys loved it. Burrows? Lunch hour couldn't cum too soon.
Managing her other classes less dramatically, yet performing sneak peeks, Paige reaches the end of her school day. From her locker she was escorted with a sizable entourage toward the weight room. Discovering Coach Garvin working out ruined their plans. Brett holding Paige's hand as she skipped along giddily, grew worried that his strategic idea was going to go bust. There were still students lingering in the gym, too many underclassmen. Bad idea.
"Maybe we should postpone this Cheno." Cody his buddy hissed with disappointment.
Paige hearing this huffed, "Noooooooo! Fuck me."
Ten boys popped instant erections at her soft, yearning request. Greeting Brett with her free hand entangling his grip on her other hand she pouts heavily. "You said I had to."
"Damn Turner. You're turning into a nympho on us." He looks stunned by her neediness calling him out.
"You don't want me to be a nympho?"
"YESSSSS!" Nine other boys choke up as one voice.
"Yay!"
Drew chuckles, "We could always send her in to tease the Coach."
"I don't have all day to kill waiting on a wet dick." Chenowyth scowls. "I work in two hours."
"We don't." Matt sucker punches him vocally.
"I have to get home before my Daddy." She informs them, "Beau called in sick today, so I'll need a ride home."
Hearing a cellphone ring forces their silence. Coach Garvin receiving a call from his older daughter needing his assistance ends his workout. Marching out of the fitness room sweaty he continues his talk with his daughter. Noting the boys he winces.
"Grabbing a quick workout Coach." Brett nods. Garvin listening more to his daughter Janie's distress of a fender bender leads Garvin to merely offer a thumbs up. As he heads out, he forgets to lock his office. Mike noticing his negligence whispers it to Aaron. Brett the final ear. "Ohhhh, Yeaaah! Go get in a quick sweat boys. I'm gonna christen Garvin's desk."
Dragging Paige to his office he opens the door and leaves the lights off. Locking it behind him he snaps his fingers. "Why are you still wearing clothes?" She was naked in three minutes flat. As she stood in front of him with bright eyes she had to frown, teetering nervously.
"Why are you still wearing clothes?" She giggles, pointing at him with a dose of his own medicine.
"Right! Fuck Turner. You've got my brain in a headlock."
"Wrestling with your emotions?" She sticks her tongue out as he begins undressing. She bites her fingernail watching him drop his boxers. Not as well endowed as she envisioned, but six inches was enough to please her.
"Bend over Garvin's desk."
"K." She does just that. Looking over her shoulder she whimpers, "Condom?"
"Shit! Hold on." Digging for his wallet he produces a green condom rolling it on. That made her smile.
"Thank you." Her soft voice destroying his restraint. Closing in for the kill he penetrates her from behind. Her tits dangling above the Coach's desk, nipples actually moving papers about in an unguided shuffle.
"Told you I was gonna tag your ass Bitch."
"I wanted this all along. Daddy just didn't trust you."
"He shouldn't trust me." Brett laughs. "I'm gonna pimp his baby girl out like Barbie over Ken's best friends lap."
"I'm more Strawberry Shortcake." She moans seductively. Her youthful mumbling encouraging him to pound her little cunt hard.
"Whip cream topping coming right up."
"Already?" She whimpered with a disappointment.
"Fuck you Turner. I've wanted this so long I can't hold out." Instantly, he growls like a she wolf and jizzes hard into his latex muzzle.
"Noooo! Mooooore!"
"I can't. Shit!" He pulls out and takes his condom off, lifting it with an expression of nausea. Brett the stud was a wimp at heart. She felt really cheated. Stomping her foot as she stands up, she abandons her wardrobe, unlocking the office door and barging right out into the hallway. The weight room twelve feet away, she dares to parade without looking for unwelcomed scrutiny. As the other nine boys goofed off lifting weights, and joking about their misfortune, Paige enters in a dramatic huff. As they marvel at her perfect little body the shorty flops down on the bench press, stretching out. Rubbing her clit she pouts, "Nobody wants me."
WRONG!
Matt, Mike, Drew, Sean, and newbie Rudy drop their jeans and begin fondling themselves to a favorable erection. She smiles at their hurried enhancements. As Matt preps to penetrate she blurts out, "SKITTLES!"
Pondering her outburst Matt realizes her meaning. "Sheepskin up!"
"I like riding the rainbow." She taunts them. Everyone but Rudy came prepared. Groaning at his loss he starts to put his pants back on. Seeing his sadness Paige exhales, "Unicorn! Unicorn!" She points at her opened mouth. Rudy took the hint and raced over to hover at her left, pushing his penis down toward her mouth. She kissed his urethra with a loud, "Mwah! Me wuvs Unicorns. Especially well hung unicorns."
"Christ!" Matt snarled and knelt a bit to plant his beast in her soaked pussy. Fucking her hard, she yelped as she sucked off Rudy. Brett in his embarrassment returns to the scene, trying to look smug and triumphant. Noticing shoes cast everywhere he gets a devilish idea. Unlacing four shoes he moves around the guys, passing one lace off to Rudy. Seeing Brett take Paige's left hand, tying the shoestring around her wrist, then tethering the other end around a barbell, Rudy does the same to her counterpart. Tied up even as his cock was treated to warm wet lips. She was so absorbed in her feast, and Matt's stuffing, her bonds went unnoticed until she felt the need to stroke Rudy's cock. Releasing him from her throat she looks at her predicament. As Matt nuts in his container he pulls away to let Drew in. Giving up on her hands she finishes Rudy off, as he jettisons warm milk over her tongue. She swallowed every drop whining, "More!"
Taking too long to get their chances at her pussy, Hector, and Sean share her mouth from two sides of her face. She did her very best to enjoy both of them, recalling the double BJ from Drew's party. These two larger than those at the party made that tedious. Regardless, three men blow gaskets at once. She loved it. Her face spotted in liquid joy.
Another twenty minutes of tearing her up the guys finished with her, one by one taking their leave, some without shoelaces. With Drew and Brett eying their cells for the time, they kneel next to her coated face for a selfie with the slut. "Say Cheese!" Paige giddily smiled.
"Another poster for your bedrooms?" She softly grew curious.
"Damn straight." Brett smirked. Another idea in his desire to get even with Paige he unties her hands. Guiding her to her feet he turns her in step and ties her hands tightly behind her back.
"We aren't done?" She wheezes.
"Nope. One more little side trip." He tosses her over his shoulder. Carrying her up through the gym as Aaron and Cody wave him on, they scouting ahead for safety. She complained about her clothing still in Garvin's office. Drew racing back to gather her things for safe keeping.
The school was quiet. Only a hand full of Teachers and Faculty were still grading papers or chatting. Brett stealthily avoided the Teacher's he knew might kill their Graduation. Others he boldly carried her in full view right past opened doorways. It was fast enough not to let anyone get a good look. Waves from Cody and Aaron distracted any curiosity.
Reaching Drake Burrows class Brett stands her up and points at the floor. She kneels down on her knees awaiting further orders. Motioning her to stretch out on her back she carefully does so. From there Brett poses her legs wide. Aaron and Cody with a brilliant idea tosses an unopened condom on her belly. With a brisk knock on the Economics door they bold and run. Paige was on her own. Eyes wide she remains in her seductive toe wiggling contortion.
Door opened, Drake Burrows looked straight ahead first, noticing no one. A pouty yet audible, "Mmm!" of attention getting he looks down at Paige. She had a yearning expression on her face.
"I want an A+!" She whispers.
Nearly tripping over his nerves he looks in all directions. Heart pounding he grabs her by the ankles and drags her into his classroom. Door shut softly prevented any inquisitive eyes. Lights off, and door locked, Drake Burrows was a wolf in sheep's clothing. A clear colored lamb at that.
Paige Turner got an A+ for extra credit.
A for Anal.
She got a ride home later by Drake, in his hybrid electric car.
It was more economical.
FUCKING A!