I have always had this need to be fucked and bred by men. It didn't matter who. In fact, the more anonymous it was, the better. I visited a sex club last month and got my first taste of it in real life. One of the guys I met there told me about this website where I could talk to others that had kinks and hook up with them.
While I was looking over the forum, I saw that someone in a different state posted that they would be at a certain location and if anyone wanted to fuck them they could. There was a list of kinks and do's and don'ts. this post was less than 24 hours old and in the comments below, there were numerous photos and videos of guys fucking this guy in the ass. I knew they were all that same guy because of the kanji tattoo on his hip.
I watched every video, cumming to every single one of them. I knew that I would have to try it myself! Over the next week, I took alternate routes home from work to try to find a good place that was accessable, but private enough to accommodate fucking outside. I got the idea for a rest area from some porn I watched, so I went to check out the closest one I knew of. It had two different lots on either side and behind it was a forest. At the edge of the forest was a small building and cell phone tower. It was perfect. That night, I decided to park towards the back and watch the traffic flow. I was there for hours. I watched some of the videos from the forum post again while stroking myself off in the car a couple of times. Not once did I get caught, and I never once saw a state trooper.
This was it, I decided. The next night, I got home from work and showered, shaved and then used my toy on myself to loosen up my ass. I made myself cum as I rode the toy, then I got dressed and posted on the forum the times I would be there, and what I enjoyed and what was off limits. Then I headed to the rest stop and parked. I got out of the car and stood by the small building, leaning against the wall in my loose crop top and jeans. The time I had said came and went. A few cars went by. They pulled in and my heart started to race. They would get out of their cars, go into the rest stop, and come out and leave. My cock was getting harder in my jeans as I waited, wondering if I would get any takers at all.
It was then a small black car pulled in. They aimed their headlights towards me as they parked. Then the lights turned off and the door opened. I watched as a larger male got out and started to make his way towards me. He looked me up and down and I smiled at him, pushing myself off the wall and walking around to the other side of the building. He followed, his hand on his crotch.
Yes! I thought, I'm about to be fucked by some guy I don't even know! I was incredibly excited. My cock was throbbing and so hard I thought it might rip through my jeans all on its own. I turned around to face him once I was behind the building, but he stopped me and turned me back to face the wall, pushing me against it.
"I didn't say you could turn around." He growled, his voice deep and full of lust. He used one large hand to press against my upper back between my shoulder blades to keep me pinned. His other hand reached down to undo my jeans. He quickly got them open and pushed them down.
"I hope your slut ass is ready for me." He said, then pressed his large bulge against my bare ass.
"Yes..." I gasped, surprised how nervous I felt, and how helpless.
"Good." He growled in my ear. Then I felt him undo his pants and pull out his member. It pressed against my ass and it felt so large it took my breath away. "I was hoping I'd get here first. I hate to have sloppy seconds."
He took his hand off my back and I heard him moving around, then there was a flash behind me. He was taking pictures of my ass and his cock together. My own cock throbbed at the thought. I hoped he was going to post those to the forum later.
Then I felt him move his cock up and down my crack and I reached down to grab one of my ass cheeks and spread them. The head of his cock pushed right against my hole, still wet from the lube I'd used before. I saw a light come on behind me, aimed towards my ass and I blushed, knowing that he was videoing what
he was about to do to me.
"That's a good boy. Mmmm... you lubed yourself up for me too? How nice. Everyone else is going to have to use my cum as lube because I'm about to fuck you raw." He growled into my ear, then started pushing his cock into my prepared opening.
As he pushed in, I could feel jus how thick he was, and it kept getting thicker with every thrust. I grunted and moaned against the wall. He was relentless. Even if it felt like I wouldn't stretch anymore for him, he continued to push and I bit my lip to keep myself as quiet as I could.
It didn't take him long at all to force the thickest part past might tight pucker and bury his cock deep inside me. I groaned loudly. He didn't even bother to stop. He just kept moving his cock in and out of me as I felt the burning from how it stretched me almost to the breaking point.
"Oh fuck..." I gasped out as I felt him slam that thick cock right into my prostate. He groaned in response.
"That's right, take it you stupid slut. Just a dumb whore begging for anyone to use your tight little ass. I wonder how many loads your going to take tonight?" He said, thrusting into me to emphasize every other word. "Ten? Twenty?" He grunted out as he slammed into me as hard as he could.
"One things for sure. You'll be craving my cock when it's over." He chuckled as he started to pound me harder.
All I could do was stand there and take it. He had complete control over my body as his thrusts sent my hips slamming into the brick wall. My cock was getting roughed up, but it was so hard I didn't care. In fact, I was already incredibly close.
He paused just long enough to pull my ass out from the wall a bit and reposition me, but he never pulled out. As he started fucking me again, he was going deeper than before and I lost it instantly. I came all over the wall, moaning loudly for him. His free hand wrapped around my head and covered my mouth.
"Shut the fuck up, bitch. I'm just getting started."
It took him at least 10 minutes before he got close. I was moaning into his hand the whole time, lost in the pleasure of being pounded so hard by a man I didn't even know.
He pulled almost all the way out and shoved his thick cock back inside all the way with a groan. "Fuuuuck, that's it. Take my cock. Take my seed like a good little cumdump. Fuuuuck yes." He growled, his cock emptied a large amount of cum deep inside me and I felt every pulse of his dick as he shot his load into me.
He unceremoniously pulled out of me with a pop and then smacked my ass. He spread my ass wide and got some good footage of his cum dripping out slowly. then he used his fingers to push it back in.
"No letting that out. You're going to need it, slutboy." He pulled me off of the wall and turned me around, gripping my hair to guide me. Behind us were three more men, all with their dicks in their hands, watching us.
"Who's next?" He asked. One of them stepped forward and the first guy pushed me towards him. I fell to the ground, tripping in my jeans that were only half way down my thighs. The first man zipped up and walked off. I couldn't wait to see if he was going to post the video to the forum tonight.