Look. There's Isabel Fletcher now. See her? She's quite tall, slim, short cropped blonde hair, blue-grey eyes. Someone once told her she looks better naked than clothed. She wasn't sure how to take it: insult, or complement? It was actually meant as a complement -- nude, with her small pert breasts, long legs and prominent bottom, she was hot. Clothed, she was any other young woman coming home on a Brooklyn subway after a long days work on Wall Street.
Her love life wasn't complicated, perhaps how she got to the present day was slightly complicated, but not that much more so than the average. A young German student in England, she had met Nick, the youngest of three brothers. Soon they were dating but after a few months she had drifted into the arms of the middle brother Dan. She was happy with Dan and he was with her.
The oldest brother Mike lived in New York. Later that same year, Dan and Isabel put in motion a plan for them to move to New York too. Isabel left first and was put up by Mike and his wife until Dan joined her and they found their own place.
That's when it had got a little complicated. As soon as Isabel had arrived it was very obvious that Mike and Isabel had chemistry, a lot of chemistry. Almost immediately, they were all over each other...They had reluctantly disengaged and Isabel now lived with Dan, happily, in Brooklyn while still seeing Mike but on the side.
Isabel was discrete. She was very good at keeping secrets both yours and hers.
As Isabel walked the last few blocks from the Brooklyn subway, tired from work, she was unaware that events were in motion. Significant events.
Earlier that evening, Mike had arrived at Dan and Isabel's flat. Mike, now divorced, often came over, especially when he wasn't seeing his new on again and off again girlfriend. But more than that he came over to spend time with Isabel. To Mike, spending time with Isabel and his brother was the perfect way to spend a weekend.
"Beer?"
"Roger, that."
Dan fetched a couple of bottles and the two brothers settled down to wait for Isabel's arrival.
As the front door opened, Dan jumped up. He kissed her at the door and brought her into the lounge. She took one step into the room and stopped dead in her tracks.
"Mike! What a pleasant surprise, you were allowed out?"
Dan was feeling very agitated. He had learnt that Isabel was cheating. He watched as she leant over to kiss Mike, her suit jacket slipped up revealing her bottom in the pencil skirt he had bought her. She always looked great in a pencil skirt[1].
"Isabel, we should talk," said Dan. "I've heard through the grapevine that you and Mike have been spending time together, behind my back. What's going on?"
Isabel looked back over her shoulder at Dan and slowly straightened up. The suit jacket slipped back, re-covering her bottom.
"Oh!"
Mike, his brother, put down his beer and looked uncomfortable. Mike started to talk but Dan cut him off.
"Indeed Isabel,"continued Dan.
She explained, to the best of her ability, what had happened. It wasn't that unusual, was it? She was deeply attracted to both Dan and, yes, Mike. Couldn't help it. Physical attraction, lust, whatever. She reminded Dan that he had seduced her away from Nick, hadn't he? She joked that it would certainly make Christmas interesting when all the family got together in England.
Dan didn't laugh. She finished talking, but Dan just sat there in silence, staring at her. He seemed very upset. She was in her work clothes so not very sexily dressed but she had a feeling, just a feeling, from the way he was looking at her. Through his anger she could see he was also mulling it over, a shared girlfriend...
"Dan, I'm sorry I've hurt you. I think I'd better leave and give you a chance to think things through."
Her whole world had just come crashing down. She started to get up from the sofa but she still had that feeling. What was it? Was Dan getting hard? Surely not, but he seemed to be shifting in his seat an awful lot.
"Before I leave, I'll just go and change," said Isabel. A plan was beginning to form in her mind.
Isabel slipped away to her bedroom and, acting on her quickly conceived plan, modified her clothing. Ditching her work undershirt, she hurriedly put back on her white Brooks Brothers shirt and undid a number of buttons. She looked in the mirror and tousled her short hair. Was this the correct look? Yes, if she leaned forward a fraction her whole small breast was exposed. Right, let's see what Dan thinks now. Does he really, really, want me to go? She hoped not.
Isabel walked back into the lounge. The two brothers were still sitting in the same seats but not talking. Both sets of eyes were on her and, she noticed, her breasts. She felt she might be getting the upper hand in this situation. Especially if she leaned forward just a touch... yes, there it was. Their eyes were riveted on her now. She felt her nipples hardening under their gaze.
"Oh well,"said Isabel, "I suppose I should gather my things. I'll go and stay at Monika's for the night and then decide what to do." She leaned forward a bit more, now her breast was really out.
"Wait." said Dan.
She sat down again. This was getting interesting. Dan was, she noticed, as hard as a rock. So was Mike, but he always was around her, especially when she was doing her number with an unbuttoned shirt.
Then, the telephone rang. As Dan went off to answer it, Isabel looked at Mike, "What happened?"
"That stupid idiot Travis told him."
"What! Really? About us? Oh no, that's very, very bad."
Then, the same thought struck them both at the same time and the two started grinning. It was obvious what could happen now. If they could get Dan onboard...
"OK," said Isabel. "Quickly, are you in? You can see which way this can go, if we play our cards right."
"Of course," said Mike. "Go for it Isabel. Do your stuff."
"Oh my God, this could be so hot," said Isabel. She undid another button, might as well go for it. "What do you think, Mike. Will this swing it?"
Dan came back, "It's Benny, they're going to turn the water off for an hour tomorrow to fix the pipes. What were you two talking about?"
"Nothing," said both Mike and Isabel in unison.
"Anyway, Dan you were saying?" said Isabel, sweetly. "Actually, why don't you bring in a bottle of wine and we can discuss it all in detail. Look at the problem from all sides and give it our fullest consideration." As Isabel was talking she gently moved her shoulder and one very erect nipple poked out of her shirt for both boys to see. "Yes, fullest consideration."
Dan left to get the wine with difficulty, his erection looked almost painful to Isabel. He came back and poured the wine. The game was on. She had often thought about how the three of them sparked off of each other. Her sex with Dan was great and her sex with Mike was great too. If she could bring the three of them together, well...
"Look, Isabel," he said, "Travis told me all about you and Mike."
"Travis!" Isabel snorted. "He's just upset because he's always trying to get into my pants and I won't let him. Anyway, Dan, it's a bit hypocritical of you. You pulled me away from your brother Nick, as you well know, right?"
"Well," said Dan.
"And you know that there was an overlap period", with this, she shifted her blouse a fraction more and her whole breast was exposed. Leaving it there, she continued, "in that overlap period you were both separately having sex with me weren't you?"
"Yes," admitted Dan, sheepishly, darting a look at Mike.
"And you didn't mind then, did you?" said Isabel. "In fact, I'll go further, you loved it -- sharing me. Not that Nick was any the wiser was he? Poor old Nick. But you knew, you encouraged me to hop beds[2]."
Dan shifted in his seat, uncomfortably.
"There were, as I'm sure you vividly remember times when I came straight from Nick's bed to yours. We both liked that, didn't we? You very much indeed."
Dan was silent.
"Anyway, what does Travis do to you?" said Mike, innocently, prompting her. Isabel could immediately see the other opening Mike had created for her. This was it, the moment had come but..she thought, no sense in rushing it -- play it for all its worth.
"Oh" she said. "I'm sure Dan doesn't want to hear all the gory details. Suffice to say it's been going on for a while, every time you or Dan leave the room. He won't stop. He's always staring at my breasts even when his girlfriend is there." Isabel's breast was still out of her shirt, she even arched her back a little...
"Tell us," said Dan in a very small voice.
"Really?" said Isabel. "You won't be annoyed? After all, I did nothing to encourage him." At this point, Isabel sat back and her exposed breast was covered again. She laughed inwardly, both boys looked bereft.
"If I tell you both, over a glass or two of wine, it'll get me horny and you two as well and that wouldn't be fair -- Mike will have to leave soon, I'm sure."
"No, I'm staying over, I got kicked out again, she's being impossible", said Mike. "Why don't you get yourself comfortable and tell us all the gory details?"
"Staying overnight?" Isabels heart jumped. "Well, if Dan wouldn't mind, I could tell you both..." She let her voice trail off, allowing Dan to ask her to continue.
Dan nodded and Mike quickly chimed in "..and get yourself comfortable."
Isabel gave him a knowing grin and slowly leaned forward. Her nipple peaked out of her shirt again.
"If you don't mind, perhaps another button?" said Mike.
"Oh Mike you are impossible. Well, if Dan gives permission?" Again, Dan nodded.
This was it, she felt like she was driving over a cliff, it was so exciting. She leaned back and slowly undid another button, her shirt was almost open to the belly button. If she moved either way one or both of her breasts were completely exposed. She couldn't breathe she was so aroused and, as was obvious, both brothers were too. It seemed that all three of them were holding their breaths together, to see what would happen next.
"Well", she said, settling into the sofa cushions. "This does make me feel naughty. Poor Mike's girlfriend at home and both of you seeing me like this. I mean I'm almost completely exposed."
"Well, not completely," said Mike. Isabel knew exactly what he was angling for, to take off her skirt. Not yet, she told herself, not yet.
"Ha!" she said. "You two can see quite enough...for now. Perhaps if you both behave yourselves, we'll see." She checked herself out in the mirror across from the sofa and tousled her hair.
Both boys gulped. Isabel was really enjoying this, the power over them was so erotic.
"In fact, this skirt is too tight for lying around in, give me a minute." Isabel rose and walked out of the room, before leaving she turned and verified that they were both checking her out as she sashayed away. They were.
She returned in a second hand Chanel ruffled skirt bought in the Village for a song[3]. It was ideal for her purposes right now. She sat back down.
"Shall I continue?" Leaning forward so both her breasts were completely visible. "Do I have your full attention?... Good." The anticipation in the room could have been cut with a knife.
"Just last week when I went over there his hands were all over me as soon as Dan left. It was all I could do to stop him. I mean obviously I flirt with him and let him see a flash every so often and if his girlfriend leaves the room I'll accidentally graze his penis with my hand when I lean over. How else do you think I get us so much free pot?"
"What!" said Dan.
"Oh, come off it Dan, you know I flirt with him to get us more" said Isabel.
"Well, yes" admitted Dan..."but did you ever go further?" The way he asked she knew he wanted to hear more, it was arousing him.
"So" Isabel looking a bit sheepish..."There was that time in Fire Island."
"What happened?"prompted Mike.
"I'm really not sure you want to hear, it was a number of months ago now. I forget most of the details anyway." Isabel was really enjoying herself. Two brothers, two erections -- straining to get out: they were both so horny. Still, she reasoned, let's prolong it, with Mike staying over she had them both, all night.
She shrugged her shirt down a little, both erect nipples were in full view. Every so often each of them adjusted their cocks, it was almost seemed like they were masturbating just from looking at her breasts. In fact, they were very close to doing so.
"Still, I could try to remember if you if you really wanted me to," she teased. "It was pretty sexy but I don't want Dan thinking ill of me? Would you mind Dan, if I told you both?"
She subtly arched her back a little which made her breasts pop out even more.
"My goodness, even thinking about it gets me worked up, look at my nipples, could they be any harder? But now my guilty secret is out in the open about me and your brother, I don't want to get into further trouble."
It could not have been more obvious that not only did Dan forgive her, he actively wanted her to go further, perhaps even much further. He just needed a bit of guiding and Isabel knew exactly how to guide him. Slowly, slowly -- small steps. Should she let them touch her? Not yet, delay for a while she thought, if she could bear it...
"Dan? Are you ok with this?"
"Yes." His voice was constricted by lust.
"Are you sure? I don't want to be told off later. If you're ok with it, I might let myself go a little..."
"Please do."
With that she curled her legs up under herself and settled into the coach. Adjusting her skirt and top under the guise of making herself comfortable, she made sure that Mike had a full view of her breasts and Dan, by casually pulling her skirt up, had a full view of her rara-skirted ass. She could feel both pairs of eyes on her. At either end.
"Well...ok then. From what I remember... I was at the Nudist Beach alone and I knew that Travis saw me going there from the house. You two were off in Kismet fishing. Travis is sneaky like that", she smiled to herself[4]. "Anyway, I hadn't been there long, I had undressed and laid out on my towel when I saw that he had parked himself with his girlfriend as close to the nude beach as possible. I'm sure hoping to get a glimpse of the nude girls, especially me. Then, guess what? His girlfriend[5]stormed off, probably jealous because she wasn't getting his full attention. I knew what would happen next, I counted the seconds until...guess what again? He came over. I was lying on my stomach and didn't intend to turn over but, well..."
"Well what?" both boys said.
"Well, the thing is," she continued, "he's well known as having a very large cock, or so I was told, and I guess I was curious. When I had accidentally/on purpose touched it, it did seem large, very. And with him standing over me and making small talk at the beach... I mean it looked enormous and it wasn't even erect. So, I said to myself - how big could it really be? How big could I make it if I did, what he so obviously wanted, and turned over?
So... after he was talking for a while, I did just that, I casually turned over. He could now see all of me and especially, because after a while I propped my feet up, my shaved pussy. We carried on talking as if nothing was happening but he quickly became fully erect and, yes, it was enormous. I asked if he had any pot, for something to say and he said he would bring more over later. He came and sat down on the towel and, well, I didn't object. Between us was his enormous erect cock, I couldn't help staring while he was talking.
Obviously, I couldn't leave him like that with his girlfriend buzzing around so..I quickly finished him off with my hand. God, my hand could hardly fit around it and, poor thing, he was so aroused he came in buckets and it came streaming down his cock. So, I cleaned him up with my tongue and sent him on his way."
She had them hanging on every word and she had never been so aroused in her life. She uncurled her feet from under her and put them back on the floor. Her skirt rode up further and was at the very top of her thighs, with her breasts completely visible to both of them.
"And then, of course, there was the time with your brother and Travis,"...purred Isabel. She was longing to bring her relationship with Mike explicitly out in the open with Dan and this was her chance.
"Aw," said Dan.
"Aw, what Dan? Aw, to hearing about your brother, me and Travis? Or, aw, the view?"
"The second," said Dan.
"Oh," she said, "that's easily rectified. You deserve a reward anyway." With that, she curled her feet back up and presented her ass back to Dan.
"You know what would be perfect right now, some pot." At that, she parted her legs a fraction, showing Dan, not only that she had secretly removed her underwear but also a glimpse of her vagina and her, with a fraction more of a part of her legs, her anus. She could hear Dan stifle a gasp and squirm in his seat. This is new, she mused. I guess with Mike and me having our relationship approved, its like Dan is opening up as well. He seems drawn to my bottom. He's role playing: he's excited by me cuckolding him with Mike. Well, she thought, we can make that work too. Just keep on drawing him in and play with Mike openly. Mike broke into her reverie.
Mike said..."I have some pot, it's for Travis though. So, we couldn't do it."
"Course we can," said Isabel. " You know I can make it worth your while."
"He's going to be really pissed off with me."
Quickly, before Dan could stop her, Isabel said. "Let's have some right now I'll confess an embarrassing thing that happened when I was over at Travis's with you. You'll love it, it makes me out to be a bit pervy."
"You, pervy?" teased Mike. "Do tell".
"This is very embarrassing, but oh, all right then. You had left me at Travis's in the backroom while you popped out to fix the car. I was pretty horny already and then I heard the front door. I assumed it was you but it wasn't, it was Travis and his girlfriend, who I can't stand. So, I lay there quietly in your bed hoping they wouldn't know I was there. I hear them in the next room and I'm thinking should I tell them I'm here? But then they start making out and soon I can hear they're taking their clothes off and then they start really making out. Obviously, I can't announce myself now. Then I start to wonder if his girlfriend can accommodate him. That gets me thinking about his big cock that I played with at the beach and one thing leads to another and I start masturbating. They start really going at it with the moans and the bedsprings creaking in the next room and I'm starting to lose it.
Well, then she stops to go and get a glass of water and she walks past the backroom and, God knows what made her, but she looks in and sees me. She doesn't say a thing but I know she knows what I've been doing. Pretty embarrassing, right?
She then, the bitch -- pulls off her tee shirt and stands over me with a superior smile. She's naked now, and makes sure I get a good long look at her enormous tits and long, long nipples. She walks over to me and then I notice she has barely shaved at all, her vagina is coated in a thick, brown bush of pubic hair. She takes my hand and puts it under the covers by my pussy. She then goes back in the other room and knowing I'm only a thin wall away and wanking, she starts giving me a blow by blow; "ooh Travis pull on my tits, that's it put a finger in me, let me hold your big cock, let me try and put it in, ooh, that's it put it all in".
She's really fucking him now and moaning with every thrust. I'm furious but also very aroused.
I can almost see her hairy bush as his enormous cock goes in and out. Soon, they cum and I'm lying there fuming and still very, very horny. Next thing I know she's back in my room naked and standing right beside me. She's completely silent but still with this superior smile on. She parts her legs and the smell of fresh sex washes over me from her vagina, it's intoxicating. I gasp and she smiles even more. She knows she's got me eating out of her hand. She rips back the cover, exposing my tits. I'm over the top. I kick off the cover completely and then she really humiliates me. She leans over further and puts her steaming pussy right in my face. It reeks of sex. I mean really, really smells.
I notice a glob of Travis's sperm on a single pubic hair and stare at in in fascination.
She then turns and as she pads away I notice her powerful bottom muscles working.
She's such a bitch and completely domineering.
I'm lying there smelling both Rita and Travis and I can't stop ferociously wanking myself off. I wank and wank and wank and cum and cum and cum.
I am completely humiliated and ashamed and then Mike, you come back"
"So, that explains why you were so keen to get back at his girlfriend."
"Oh boy, was I ever."
She looked over her shoulder at Dan. "Are you still good with all of this Dan?" Testing the waters of her cuckold/bottom theory, she gently pulled her top bottom cheek apart which clearly showed Dan her anus. Mike, on the other side, couldn't see but Dan could. Is that it Dan, is this what you want to see and hear, she asked herself. Covertly, Isabel checked out Dan in the mirror. He looks a bit embarrassed but, yes, he's touching himself looking into my anus. Lord, she thought. Keeping her bottom cheeks apart, she slightly, ever so slightly, rocked back and forth twice.
"Are you good with this, Dan?" She repeated. Secretly, telling him, physically, that if he consented she could do more.
"Yes," Dan said.
My Lord, she thought, Dan is turning wild. To draw him over threshold, she casually scratched her bottom. Mike couldn't see but Isabel, with her little finger was caressing the edge of her anus.
She sneaked a peek at the mirror, he was still surreptitiously rubbing his penis through his trousers. Almost there, she thought, he'll soon allow me all my passions. Then, she had a brainwave -- so fucking hot, she thought.
"Will you two excuse me a minute." She stood up and walked off to the bathroom. She came back a moment later. "Move over you two" she said scooting herself between them. She resumed her position: breasts to Dan but her dress was now covering her bottom which was facing Dan. Patience Dan, she thought...patience. I have a sight for you to see.
"So," she said to Mike to distract him while she pushed Dan over the edge, "so", she continued, "how much pot do you have?"
While Dan was answering and thinking aloud about how to play Travis she secretly teased Dan. Still giving her full attention to Mike, she risked a quick further peek at the mirror.. He's looking at my ass but the dress is in the way. I need to be careful, I don't want to embarrass him in front of Mike. Here we go Dan, she thought. She slowly and secretly teased her dress up, eventually exposing her ass completely to Dan, with her skirt bunched up around her hips. Mike didn't notice, good she thought. She was shielding Dan with her body, protecting him from his brother. While she was openly displaying her tits to her now out-in-the-open lover, her boyfriend was getting off, secretly, on her anus. Add to that and I'm about to tell you about parts of my affair with your brother. Could this be any hotter, she thought to herself. Well, yes Dan, I can make it hotter.
"So, as you know Dan, you brother has been using me as a, what is it? Perhaps seducer? To extract more pot from Travis. And, of course, I was keen to get revenge on his girlfriend. So, when Mike came back we joined Travis and his girlfriend in the front room. She gave me a superior smile again and I felt very strange in front of of her, a combination of lust and shame.
However, I used my lust against her. Your brother would unbutton my blouse each time she left the room. He's so naughty. While we listened carefully for her return, one or each of them would suck on my breasts. As soon as we heard her coming back, I would button up and lean away from them. She didn't realise what was going on[6]but the three of us were getting hotter and hotter. Travis then started this game that in return for a bit more pot I would leave another button open. Soon, my shirt was opened to my belly button and I was having a hard time keeping his girlfriend from seeing. The three of us were reaching boiling point and I was at the point that I didn't care if she saw or not. Mike distracted his girlfriend and Travis and I slipped away into the next room. I could hear her talking to Mike while Travis put me up against a wall and started humping me. Well, with that big cock, I must admit that soon I was starting to make a bit of noise. Mike, in the other room, realised what was going on and put on some music to drown me out.
I wasn't going to let him inside me, I'm loyal to you Dan. Anything you and I do we discuss in advance, no secrets. Apart from Mike but that's in the open now. So, well, his cock's out and he's humping and humping and then, damn, him -- he came all over my skirt. I had to walk back into the other room, in front of his girlfriend, with cum stains all over the front of my pretty skirt. Thankfully, she didn't notice but, of course, your brother did and then he took me in the backroom and put me up against the same wall, but with me facing it this time. Same result but on the back of my skirt[7]. This skirt actually. I hope all the stains came out, did they Dan, can you see? Look closely."
She started to move her bottom upwards. Just wait Dan, don't come yet, more to come, she thought.
I must distract Mike to create Dans denouement but how, she thought? Then it came to her.
"Mike, it's my birthday next month. I've been trying to encourage Dan to buy me some more lingerie. If you like", she said sweetly, "you could chip in and help decide what you would like to see me in the most. You and Dan have to agree, of course. Reach down on the side of the sofa, in the magazine rack, is a La Perla catalogue. It's expensive but, you two together..."
Mike reached down and pored over the catalogue. Isabel was giving him some suggestions, could she get away with this? Could she wear that in public? But really she was distracting Mike so Dan could play with himself in privacy...
This is it Dan, she thought. Mike's distracted. Her we go. The big reveal. Checking again that Mike was still none the wiser, ...she slowly, slowly, parted her legs showing Dan her freshly prepared anus which she had liberally slicked with Vaseline from the bathroom. Her anus glistened.
"Yes, Dan, it was all over my dress, quite a sight," she panted.
Dan stifled a gasp. Praying Mike wouldn't notice Isabel slipped her ring finger around the rim of her anus, teasing it... Goodness, he thought, he's stroking himself harder: would it help us if he came? Yes, she decided. She edged slightly further away from Mike, slightly closer to Dan. She was putting herself within touching distance of him. And now, she thought, to push you over the edge. She went on her knees and slightly leaned over Mike with the excuse of looking at the catalogue with him. Her bottom was now raised in the air and her glistening anus slightly opening and closing.
"So, Mike" she said, "let me have a look. Could you imagine me wearing that? My vagina would be completely exposed, wouldn't it? Oh, look how hard you are", she leant over him and tugged his zipper down.
"Why don't you take your cock out and show me how you would wank imagining me wearing that?" Quickly Mike whipped his cock out. "Oh", murmured Isabel again. "Look at you."
She leant over further and whispered in his ear, "Imagine me Mike, in my bosses office wearing those stockings, asking for a raise. He would bend me over his desk[8]..." As Mike picked up his masturbating tempo, Isabel curled her anus up to Dan. Now, she thought, Mikes distracted and she turned her attention to Dan.
Covertly, she slipped her left hand behind her back and held her ring finger up to Dans face and tapped his nose with it, twice. She felt him put it in his mouth. Still leaning over Mike, she pulled her finger out of Dans mouth and resumed teasing the edge of her anus: mixing Dans spittle with the Vaseline. And then, as she pressed softly, her anus expanded a fraction to allow the tip of her finger inside. She heard a quiet moan from Dan.
How far down the path are you Dan? she thought and withdrawing her finger, waggled it in Dans face. A pause and then he greedily resumed sucking on it. Wow, she thought.
"Would you like, Mike?" she said, presenting her breasts to his face, "to pull, perhaps even yank, on my tits as you wank yourself and cum?" She moaned in his ear as, with his spare hand, he started pulling on her nipples. One on each end, she thought, I've got one brother on each end about to cum. Her breath was ragged with lust.
She withdrew finger from Dans mouth and pushed more firmly on her anus. With all the extra lubrication it yielded easily. First it took half her finger and then all of her finger disappeared into her bottom. She slowly started to frig her anus, pulling her finger almost all the way out, just leaving in the tip, pausing, and then slowly pushing it back in, allowing it to be reabsorbed into her bottom. It was too much for Dan who, with a further gasp came all over his trousers.
Isabel reached back and rolled her fingers in the spermy mess Dan had made. She then, liberally smeared her now gaping anus with it. There's an invitation, if ever there was one, Dan, she thought.
Mike still masturbating, unknowing what was happening at the other end of the sofa with Isabels, by now, very sticky anus, was yanking almost painfully on her tits. Soon, he too, with an almost identical gasp to his brother, came all over his trousers and the catalogue.
At that Mike, with a groan, walked out stiff legged, trying not to disturb the semen too much. Isabel too stood up carefully so as not to cause a mess on the sofa. Phew, she thought to herself, if this keeps up we'll need a new sofa.[9]
To be continued.


[1]It was a Dolce & Gabbana printed stretch charmeuse skirt. Beautiful and expensive and Isabel wore it well.
[2]A very exciting period in Isabel's life. To her shame she did enjoy cheating.
[3]She had to put her thumb over the label when she bought it and distract the shop clerk a little to ensure she did indeed buy it for a song.
[4]Isabel would not consider herself a home wrecker but she does enjoy the married male gaze. What she didn't tell the two brothers was that she walked to the nude beach in a very skimpy bikini making sure that Travis could see her all the way, while his wife was occupied in the beach house.
[5]The domineering Rita, who later will become prominent in Isabel's life.
[6]Unknown to Isabel, Rita had a pretty good idea of what was happening but chose to ignore it, at that time.
[7]Apparently, this is a recognised fetish called Salirophilia.
[8]In fact, Isabel was suggesting a fantasy to Mike that was based on fact and, yes, she did get the raise.
[9]By the end of the weekend the sofa was wrecked, irreparably.