Author's Note:
Two wives conspire to add some extra zip to their marriage and find a Halloween event that goes beyond their expectations but not their hopes. (MF, rom, exhibitionist, voyeur, oral)
Most of my stories feature Hayley and Steven who are thought of similarly and simplify having to come up with character names. Each of their stories are standalone unless labeled to be in parts.
Thanks for reading!
***
In a day of surprises, what's one more? Like, when you and your best friend are sitting in a hot tub drinking beer and his wife walks out of the cabin, sheds her robe without a stitch on underneath and displays her gloriously hard, 3/4" nipples. I kid you not. I didn't know DNA did such things. I'dsuspectedit, but I didn'tknow. It's the kind of thing that leaves one speechless. And hard.
"Cat got your tongue, Steven? I mean, you've always wondered.Everyonedoes," she said.
I glanced over at Sam. He looked as dumbfounded as I was starstruck.
"I'vealways wondered," my wife said. I hadn't noticed her, for two obvious reasons, following behind Erin. She teased the V in her robe momentarily, smirking at my rapt attention with a gleam in her eye. And in a snap, my wife of five years was standing there just as naked, her 36Bs illuminated from the hot tub lights, her nipples hardened nubs. It wasn't just the cold mountain air, I knew. It had been the whole day.
We had moved into our neighborhood several years earlier and met Sam and Erin while we were walking our dog. Things clicked. We were also roughly the same age and had married within a year of each other. We started doing all the things that friends do - dinners out, movies, grilling at home, watching sports on TV, trips to the neighborhood pool, New Year's Eve... the usual social stuff.
We'd also taken trips together, a couple of times to the beach but also occasional weekend trips for a concert festival or sight-seeing. So, when the ladies suggested going to the mountains for Halloween, well, why not? A weekend split between us didn't break the budget. Halloween had been two months away, and we'd left it to our wives to plan things. As we got closer to the date, I could tell that Hayley was pretty excited about the trip. I was excited not to be answering the doorbell to hand out candy to the neighborhood ghouls and goblins.
We arrived in the early evening on Friday and unloaded the SUV, stocked the fridge and got the grill going while our wives otherwise unpacked things. The cabin was just as it had appeared online, a rustic A-frame with a decent view of the mountains, a ping-pong table and hot tub. It checked the boxes of what we were looking for.
After dinner, we stepped onto the deck with our drinks to enjoy the fresh but chill evening air. I love everything about Sam's wife, Erin, as a person, but she's quite a distraction. Hayley knows and understands which is especially helpful when it's another woman who is around a lot. First, she's easy on the eyes, even for me who happily lusts for my wife.
Erin has a different body type. Hayley has a classic curvy figure. Erin has a straighter figure, more slender and taller. Body fat just hadn't found much of a home on her. She has smaller breasts that kind of stick out rather than hang, which attracts the eye when she's wearing a Tee or similar. But her nipples. Unless she's wearing a coat, they can't be ignored. They're long and thick and in my experience stay that way during all waking hours.
But if you go to the beach or to the pool with Erin, as we had, they're the elephant in the room. I can't help but look time and time again. There's no bra and clothing combo that hides them. And a swimsuit can't pretend to. It kind of makes it hard to hide a hard-on when you spend a lot of time near them. In the chilled mountain air, it's almost as hopeless, her nipples apparent through a blouse and light vest. It's like she's nevernotturned on.
Early in our friendship with them, it was inevitable that Hayley would ask me about it, just to get it in the open. I would never have brought it up with her. She wasn't jealous. She looked too, after all, and essentially forgave me for all my glances while encouraging me not to be so obvious. Sam or Cara hadn't said anything about it, and I had to guess they were used to it. And, I knew from close proximity, that even Sam, married five years to her, still stole glances as often as or more than I did.
Is it appreciation or lust when a guy looks at another man's wife? I'm not a stranger to those thoughts. Man, did I get lucky. 5'6" of perfection with an intent on keeping herself that way. Defined calves, shapely hips, a narrowing waist, fairly broad shoulders, a gorgeous face, and a kindness in her eyes that wins over the distraction of her button nose and luscious lips. I see it in others' reactions when they see her to know how lucky I am.
As the cool air cooled further, we decided to change into our swimsuits and try out the hot tub which was set into a large deck in front of the cabin's massive wall of glass. I'm not too familiar with hot tubs, but it seemed a spacious one. It would probably hold eight people comfortably. It was well lit with LED lights that changed colors gradually.
It was a relaxing evening, just joking, talking about whatever. But in my recollection, it was the first time that we'd been alone with Sam and Erin in any setting that felt sensual. And I know why. Sure, fairly revealing bikinis help. But the main reason was that they sat across from us.
Whenever Erin shifted where her breasts rose above the water, I couldn't stop myself from looking. It happened frequently enough that I wondered if Erin was playing games with me. But whenever I made eye contact, there was no hint that she was aware of my looking, never mind perturbed, amused or flattered.
And, of course, I didn't have any moral latitude to complain about Sam checking out Hayley's cleavage. It was a new bikini, the white contrasting against her natural skin tone, exposing more of her breasts than covering, and the bikini bottom cut high on her hips as well. She hadn't shown it to me until we were changing for the hot tub, and I admit, it gave me some satisfaction thinking about Sam's reaction when he saw it. Sexy as hell!
After twenty minutes or so, I felt Haley grip my cock under the water. I didn't mind that. I had visions of using it shortly. I assumed that Sam and Erin couldn't see it, just as I couldn't make out much of them with the jets blowing. She trailed a finger along the length of my shaft, retraced it down to my balls, and then used her palm to press hard at the base, causing me to stiffen even more.
She leaned in to whisper into my ear. "I'm going to stand up, and your eyes better be on me, mister, all the way until I'm through the door. Then you're going to follow me in, and I'll take care of this for you." She squeezed my cock hard and gave my ear lobe a lick. Fuck, yeah!
I removed my arm from her shoulders as she fidgeted a bit, slid under the water and then surfaced facing me, her head tilted back, arms lifted and pulling her black hair behind her. Classic! Her nipples were hard and obvious, and as I gazed down her abdomen... Wow. She'd pulled her bottoms higher, and, and... if there had been a lining in them, there didn't seem to be any now.
I'd never seen her wear anything that even suggested the parting of her cunt, including lingerie, and there I was seeing a fully obvious camel-toe. I don't know if my cock could have been any harder, but just as I started to think how awkward it would be if Sam saw her like that, she turned to face Erin and Sam. It kind of took my breath away. She'd never, ever done anything so... provocative? Never mind exhibitionist.
And that wasn't all. I was facing what they had been seeing, which was basically the entirety of her ass exposed.
She acted nonchalant, which seemed incredulous given everything she was showing!
Hayley said, "This has been fun. I love the cabin and the hot tub, and of course, being here with you guys. What are we thinking? Breakfast around 8:00?"
I could see Sam's attention was focusing on my wife's cunt harder and more obviously than I had ever looked at Erin's nipples, and Hayley was drawing this out? It was then that I realized that I was rubbing my cock under the water. How long had I been doing that? Fuck!
"That sounds good," Erin said. "Maybe we have coffee then, and then do breakfast."
"Erin and I picked out a trail for afterwards," Hayley added. "In fact, I think we have the whole day planned."
She climbed out at the side nearest Sam when the most direct option would have been on Erin's. That had to be intentional. Hayley? Showing off? She took her time about it, too, the lighting highlighting her thighs, calves and exposed butt. She looked like a dream, a wet one.
To my astonishment, she turned to face us. I hadn't imagined things. The imagination was left only with the coloring, as my wife's features were obvious, even the goose bumps of her areolae. Her face was hot red, weather from the hot tub, embarrassment or sexual need, I didn't know or care.
Hayley stopped a couple steps towards the door, turning towards me. I could even make out the goose bumps on her areolae. Hayley grinned. "Steven, come on in when you get that problem under control," she said teasingly.
Huh? What prob... Oh. Crap. How embarrassing! Hayley turned to walk to the door. I was watching as instructed. She started untying her bra about half way there and tossed it over her shoulder, landing it on Sam's shoulder. Thatcouldn'thave been intentional. Sam and Erin turned to look, of course. There was minimal lighting in the cabin, but I could make out more than just a silhouette of a breast as she headed in.
There were things testing my thoughts, like -Whowasthis woman? She knew, she knew her suit would be that revealing! I can't believe she'd do that in front of our friends! This is going to make thingsincrediblyawkward! -all cast aside in an instant for the needs I felt between my legs. I all but jumped out of the hot tub not caring how the swimsuit clung to my cock and raced to join my wife.
Her bikini bottom was on the floor just steps inside. She stood at the top of the open stairway, blocking my path, naked and wet. I hurried up but stopped two steps short, taking her in. She hadn't brought her towel with her, and neither had I. She was flushed. Her breathing was nervous, and she was biting her lower lip. Vulnerable. Needing.
"Was that...okay?" she asked.
Was that okay?! She mistook the moments I took to gather my thoughts about just how okay that was!
"I hope I didn't embarrass you. Or us. I... hadn't planned to go as far as I did," she said softly.
I smiled at her as I stepped to the top. "That was the most amazing thing I've ever seen. The sexiest thing I've ever seen, by far. Don't ever regret a single second of it. You wereamazing."
Her smile could have lit the room. Only, it wasn't a room. It was a loft above the great room, open to the expansive window view. We'd lost a coin toss to Sam, who chose the smaller bedroom for privacy and a private bathroom. We had a larger space with a King bed... and the view. A view which included the hot tub.
"They could be looking now," I said. It was dimmer in the loft area, but.
Hayley looked into my eyes, hooked a finger into my swimsuit and untied it. She more or less flung it to the floor after it cleared my cock. She reached for my cock and placed it against her. "I'd hope they would have better things to do. But if they are... Pick me up," she said.
"Are you sure?" I asked.
"I'm still in the moment," she said.
"Okay, then. Let's live it," I said. She locked her legs around me as I lifted her and fitted her fully on my cock. There wasn't a hint of resistance. With luggage on the floor to the side of the bed, there wasn't room to do what we were doing anywhere except near the railing. It has horizontal cabling, no doubt to help the view. The loft wasn't by any means private. We didn't really kiss, but just breathed heavily into each other's mouth, her exhalations timed with each thrust. "If they come in..." I said.
"They'll see," she said. She gave me a hard wide lick from my chin to my lips, catching the upper one hungrily. "I've never been... like this. Watched. Exposed." I thrust into her, hard, satisfying my need, maybe fueling hers. She leaned back, holding herself with her arms around my neck, her breasts lit by the overhead canned light. And then she came, a never-before-heard wailing erupted, loud and high-pitched, bouncing off the cabin's walls.
After her trembles had mostly subsided, I set her on her feet. It took her a minute to recover. I was still rock hard, incredulous about this amazing woman and what she'd done. "How do you want me?" she asked.
I knew how I wanted her.Iwas in the moment, a thing now as much mine as it was hers. "Turn around," I said. "I want you with a view."
Her body visibly shuddered. She gave me a kiss, then licked me as she had earlier, which was something she'd never done before. I wanted to make this moment last, come what might. I nudged her to face out towards nature and any best friends who might be watching. I reached around and tested the weight of her breasts. I pinched her nipples, then let one hand wander beneath her legs, lightly touching her wet inner folds.
"What are you waiting for?" she demanded. "Fuck me!"
"I'm showing you off," I said, more confidently than I felt about it. "It's what you want. Tell me it isn't." I quickly gathered my phone while I waited for an answer. I started it recording and leaned it against a shoe on the floor to her side. The angle looked good. She saw what I was doing, but didn't object. She'd let me take pictures of her before, but not video and not while having sex.
"Oh, Steven," was all I heard her faintly say.
"Now you're being watched," I said. I placed my cock against the crack in her butt and resumed rubbing her cunt with my fingers. She tried to lean forward but I held her straight. "The swimsuit. It was naughty. You knew?"
"Yes," she answered.
"You enjoyed showing Sam and Erin?"
"Yes, but it was meant for you."
I again held her breasts. "You like me showing you off?"
She leaned against the railing and raised her cunt for me.
I couldn't help myself! "Would you wear that bikini if we went to a public beach?"
"If you want me to, you better fuck me now!" she demanded.
It was a powerful feeling, fucking her like that, bent in her need, the glow in the room, the scattered houselights visible in the distance. I stopped briefly, tormenting her.
"No! Keep going. I was getting close!"
So was I, but I didn't want to admit it. I stood her up straight, locking my arms through hers and raising them, exposing her breasts to the world. Or... people we knew. Thinking with my dick, but I knew the excitement was real.
"Beautiful view, isn't it?" I asked, suggestively. "Maybe you noticed. The hot tub light is off. Do you think they moved to where we were sitting so they can see into the house? Do you think Sam is fucking Erin while looking at your breasts? Or maybe they both are. They would want a good show. Turn your head to kiss me and cup your breasts, then pull your nipples."
It was as passionate a kiss as we'd ever shared. I broke from her, and I lapped her lips as she had mine earlier. "Bend over," I said.
It was too much. I lasted maybe ten strokes and pumped her full of cum for maybe ten more, and happily, it was a rare occasion of climaxing together.
The moment ended, and we quickly retreated to our bed. I held her close, stroking her hair as we caught our breath. When she had settled a bit, she said, "I can't believe we did that. I can't believeIdid that. I want to see," she said. My face obviously showed my puzzlement. "The video," she added.
"Oh, right!" I said. I got up and retrieved my cell phone. I had forgotten about it. We watched it together, twice.
Hayley said, "That's... that's how I wanted it to be, I think. But how is that only 3 and half minutes long? It seemed like an eternity!"
"I'll say. It's like it should be a movie, but I enjoyed every second of it. So much that I'm hard all over again if..."
I was interrupted by the sound of the door opening and Sam's voice. "... believe that happened."
What happened, I wondered. Seeing us? Did they do something wild?
Erin hushed him, and even in a whispered voice, I could hear her say, "They might look. Quiet."
That struck my imagination, but I didn't dare leave Hayley to take a peek. Did they see anything? Whathadthey been doing? I couldn't imagine they had just sat there enjoying their drinks and chatting, but it was possible. I heard their bedroom door shut.
While I'd been distracted, Hayley had replayed the video. She stopped at the screen where I had held her arms. "Did you like that?" I asked.
"Yes," she said. "I didn't know it until you did it. It was you showing me off rather than me. It meant you were with me on this."
"I didn't really think about it," I said. "And I didn't stop to think how you might feel about it. I liked doing it, I can tell you."
"I think you're going to like tomorrow, too," she said.
"Uh, okay? If it's anything like tonight, I will."
"I'm not saying anything more. We'll just have to see how things work out," she said. In a devilish tone, she added, "I'm looking forward to it. You should too."
"Hey," I said. I dare you to go with me to the bathroom. Naked." It was downstairs. "I don't think they'll be wandering out."
It turned out the house lacked anything in the way of soundproofing, which was odd as the only room that it was possible was Sam and Erin's bedroom. I could tell there were words, the aroused kinds, and I could hear the rhythm of the bed striking the wall.
"You're on," she said, grinning.
The coffee was great. Hayley and Erin stepped outside while Sam and I prepared the eggs, bacon, toast, and fruit. We made small talk about where we might be hiking. We hadn't been involved in any of the plans other than what to bring and sizing our Halloween costumes.
I noticed Hayley and Erin returning from the deck, Erin carrying their swimming suits nonchalantly. That didn't necessarily answer any questions, but they must have had a good time.
After we finishing eating, Erin said, "That was a great start to our weekend, guys. Great food, and I'm thinking hard about talking Sam into getting us a hot tub." I didn't take the bait. Hayley didn't take the bait, but maybe she had asked while they were outside. I let the moment pass.
The girls had planned the hike in surprising depth. They explained it would be a very busy weekend and wanted something used enough to maybe scare off bears but still somewhere not popular for tourists. They had mined Reddit and other sources and finally ended up messaging with someone who apparently knew the area really well.
So it was that by 10:15, we were parked by the roadside in an area graded to park four cars at the most. There was another there. The trail went up on one side of the road and down on the other. A larger waterfall was located up, so guessing that was where whoever in the other car might be, we went downstream. It was only about a 30-minute hike, and it was an easy one, fairly conspicuous and marked as well.
When we got there, however, we found another couple had beaten us to it. I was surprised they hadn't heard us coming, as we had been talking quite a bit. On the other hand, maybe they assumed like we had that if anyone came, this spot would be more private.
They were young, probably college aged, and unashamed, lying on towels on a rock and soaking in the sun. Their clothes were on the bank about 10' away. Hayley giggled - maybe at finding them naked, maybe because the guy with a shrunken dick. Erin gave an approving snort. Sam and I didn't mind looking at the girl who was quite shapely, but the ladies pulled us away.
So, we hiked back, which was much harder uphill and harder still after we crossed the road and continued upwards to the big waterfall, which took about an hour and a half. It wasn't exactly a marvel, maybe 15' high with two major drops in the fall, and it was likely one reason that it wasn't a tourist highlight. But below the fall was a generous ponding area to cool off and relax, even if it was only 3'-4' deep. The ladies were excited about it as this was exactly what they had wanted. Why? I wasn't certain.
First, though, we unpacked and had a picnic with our boots off and feet in the water, tremendously cold water. But the rocks we were on were warm, the sun was out and... it was tolerable. There was a discussion about who would be first to go all in, and I didn't try to win. Sam stripped off his shirt, walked in and gave no indication that it was more than just a little unpleasant, that being mostly the goose bumps. We knew he was faking it.
Erin went next, making it understood she didn't like to hike in wet pants. She stripped her shorts revealing a generic bikini bottom, and then took off her shirt which obviously drew my attention. She had a thin tank top and a bra on underneath, but... there they were, those nipples! She walked into the water slowly, testing her footing and the temperature and sat down abruptly to her shoulders. Then she quickly stood up, shouted "No fucking way!" and climbed back onto a rock. Even through two layers, I felt like I was seeing her nipples at full perk, and it was already a great day in my book.
Hayley said, "I don't think I'm going to bother trying. I've got nothing to prove. That's justcold."
Sam argued, "Oh, c'mon. Erin did it at least briefly. Take off that shirt. I'm sure Steven and I would enjoy seeing you frolic in the pond!"
It was the first time our conversation had hinted at anything sexual all day. With Erin's nipples in full evidence, it was obvious what he was getting at. But was it,show us your hard nipples? Or,show us your hard nipples that we saw last night so it shouldn't be a big deal?
"Oh, come on, Hayley! Do it!" Erin encouraged. "Then join me on the rock. It's warm!"
Well, nipples wanted company.
It wasn't a particularly cold day, and with the hike up, we had all sweated a bit. I'd started with a light jacket and tucked it away further down the trail. Sam had done similarly before that.
"Um, no," she said. "That water is freezing, and I didn't wear a bra."
Hayley had worn a Columbia vest over a tank top, so somehow, I hadn't noticed jiggling boobs on the hike? How had I missedthat?
"More reason to hop in!" Sam said. "Right Steven? Right Erin?" he said, smiling.
Erin was right there with him yelling encouragement, but I just laughed. What a crazy weekend. And, what a change in my wife. I hadn't known her to go braless except around the house.
"Prove it," Erin yelled. "Take off the vest!"
Hayley rolled her eyes. "You take your shirt off, and I'll take off my vest."
What? If the night before hadn't happened, I would have been completely stunned that she even thought about it, never mind proposed a deal. Proving to friends that you aren't wearing a bra?
Erin looked at her for a few seconds, shrugged her shoulders and removed her tank top. "There, nothing you haven't seen in a swimsuit." Unfortunately, she was right. Her bra was thicker than most swimsuits. "Now, off with it!"
Hayley lifted and lowered her shoulders in a resigned fashion for losing what was a dare. And off went her vest. The halter top was light blue. I'd seen it many times before around the house, generally loose fitting and doing little to hide any bounce when she walked. But she didn't walk around the house much with hard nipples. She had them now.
"Nowthat'swhat I call a fair trade," Sam said. He exaggerated by opening his eyes wide when checking out her chest, and it made us all laugh.
"Well, actually itisfreezing cold," Sam said. He stood and walked to his bag nearby. He wiped the water from his arms to warm himself but then turned abruptly to pick Hayley up like she was a bag of dry dog food at his waist. Despite her protests and kicking, it only took seconds for him to walk to a depth where it was safe to simply let go.
I'd expected screaming, but I guess the water shocked her silent. She held her arms to her chest as she raced out of the pond, hiding what we wanted to see, but I could tell the shirt clung to her breasts. She finally started complaining after her teeth stopped chattering. Then she asked, "And where were you, my hero?!"
"It all happened so fast," I said in a tone where it was obviously not making an excuse.
She gathered her tank top, squeezing the water from it from top to bottom. And then she winked at me when the others weren't looking.
"Men! I'm coming to join you, Erin."
Not surprisingly, Sam was already beside Erin on the rock. And getting there required a little dexterity involving using your hands. Hayley sighed loudly and made her way up. I followed behind her. When she turned to sit... I really love my wife. And her breasts. And I was now extremely fond of her tank top that was molded to her breasts, hard nipples and all.
"Dammit, you're right, Erin. I can't walk in these shorts wet. They need to dry. For a little bit. Quickly." She stood. "Umm..."
She turned to face me, unbuttoned them and let them fall. She was wearing the same bikini bottom that she had worn to the hot tub. They weren't pulled as tight, but... She made the same short licking motion she had used the night before, and I knew she was more than okay with this.
So, I didn't bother trying to sneak a glance between her legs. I Just looked. But it begged a question. She had other underwear and swimsuits. The wink meant that clearly this was no accident. I had to sit down myself, not to rest, but to avoid showcasing my rock-hard cock.
And that was pretty much the end of that, gradually watching my wife's clothes dry on her sexy body. If there was conversation, I didn't pay attention to it. There was too much to look at.
The walk back was uneventful though dissatisfying as Hayley had put her vest and shorts back on. Erin walked in just her bra, which I thought might have been setting a good example. But I couldn't complain. My wife had intentionally shown her tits, even though clothed. It was a hell of a turn-on.
Proud of the way my wife looks is one thing. I mean, I always want her to be attractive and for other men to know that she's beautiful and, of course, mine. That was about her natural beauty and style. But for her to show off her body as she had, why did I seem to be liking it so much? And, why was Hayley suddenly interested in getting lustful attention? Was it for me? For Sam? For her? It didn't make me want her to stop. But I hoped to get an answer.
Back at the cabin, we all showered and managed to get a nap. The party wouldn't start until 9 PM, and even though the cost covered hors d'oeuvres and non-alcoholic beverages, that would be a little late. So, we grilled grouper and enjoyed a sensational dinner, talking about everything but what I thought was probably on everybody's mind.
After cleaning up, the women wanted time to prepare their costumes and make-up, so they did that together in Sam and Erin's bedroom while he and I sipped on Buffalo Trace and watched early evening college football. It was very relaxing.
"Sam," I asked. "Did Erin say anything about this party? I haven't heard anything from Hayley."
"Nope. It kind of makes me wonder. This trip has been a little different than others, if you know what I mean."
"Well, it's not what I expected, but I'm not complaining," I said.
He held his glass up. "To good friends and good times," he said.
I couldn't help it. I added, "and nipples."
"And nipples," he repeated, nodding with a grin on his face. "You're a lucky man."
"We're lucky men," I said, and that ended that.
Finally, we had to go put on our "costumes." Blonde wigs and black cowboy outfits for both of us. White cowboy hats. Pink kerchiefs. White boots. Ugh. We were to be Kens to their Barbies. At 6'3", Sam wore it better than me but still looked ridiculous. Whatever. It made the women happy when we had acquiesced.
They stepped out of the bedroom and... holy fuck. They were Barbie cowgirls, sure. But.
"Steven," Sam asked, "Do you ever get the feeling we've been set up?"
I nodded. "I do now."
They had come out of the bedroom together. They both wore white cowboy hats and the same type of "pants." They were pink bell-bottoms that might have been similar to the movie costume as best I could recall, but they clearly weren't the same. First, they were made with see-thru gauze, with sequins sewn in. And, though they hung from a belt, they had no front or back, only sides that then became something like sleeves for their legs.
In the front we could see hot pink thongs. The patches of fabric where their legs met were tiny, tiny by any regard but especially tiny for, well, anything but the bedroom.
Sam held up his hand for them to stop, which they did, and then made a circular motion with his finger. They smirked at each other and complied in unison. At the back, there was nothing but bare ass cheek and a sliver of pink coming up from their cracks before it split off to the sides. I couldn't help but check out Erin, but Hayley won the figure contest by a half mile.
They differed on their choice of cowgirl top though both kept with the pink theme. Hayley's was what she described as a cross-tied backless hanky. I'd call it see-thru lingerie as the mesh was meant to decorate, not actually cover anything. Her breasts were clearly visible except for what appeared to be white gaffer tape cut in circles to cover her nipples.
Erin was wearing a slinky satiny thing cut to fall just below her breasts. For all our times together, this was the least amount of imagination I needed to visualize her nipples. Hayley won the boob contest, but with nipples like Erin's, no one would care. I tried not too? Erin also wore a pink dog collar with a link of chain. That made me wonder just a bit... I couldn't imagine they made Barbies like that, so maybe she and Sam...? Whatever.
Sam asked in a measured tone, "We're dressed likethis, and you're dressed likethat? What kind of party is this?
Erin brightened. "Oh, it's a party you're going to love. It's couples only. I mean, I guess Hayley and I could go together and leave you guys here.Thatmight be kind of fun."
Hayley giggled, but she dared me with her eyes to ask her the same question. I chose another. "First... nice. Both of you. Actually, not nice. Naughty. But Santa isn't here. But seeing you, we can tell this isn't just a costume party. What's the deal?"
"Great question! This party is why we chose to come here at all," Erin said, a broad smile on her face. "And we might tell you why afterwards." She wobbled her head as if debating. "We probably will."
Hayley added, "We will but later. Have you known either of us to dress like this before? Nope! We decided we wanted to, for... reasons. Part of it might be that we like dressing sexy for you. But for the party, all you need to know is that there are rules."
Erin echoed, "Rules." Had they been drinking too?
"We might have had some wine to loosen up," Hayley said. "And here's why. The first is that it's adult only."
Erin added, "Really adult. Like,adult."
Hayley giggled. "Right. Short version. No nudity is allowed. We're not nude as you can see. Body paint, which we thought would be just a bit too much for you guys, is actually considered okay. You might see some of that. Private parts have to be covered, and they spelled out which ones. We're good there."
"No matter what you may think," Erin added, sassily.
"What if people are taking pictures," Sam asked. "You might be all over the internet."
Erin raised her arms, her lengthy nipples small skyscrapers just above the lower edge of her top. "We think so too!" Erin said. "We're hoping you'll take some," she said excitedly.
"We came across a stash of pictures from previous years," Hayley added. "And wetalkedabout it."
"Sober?" Sam interrupted.
Hayley gave him a warm smile. "We thought about it. If someone we know finds them, they shouldn't go to the places where they're stashed and would probably be embarrassed to admit they saw them." She rubbed her exposed mons with a finger in an exaggerated manner that made my cock stiff. Stiffer. "And if they do, won'ttheybe lucky."
Erin said, "Oh, there's more."
"You went to a... a porn site?" Sam asked, unbelieving.
"There was a link," Erin said. "We clicked." Then she laughed, eyes on the ceiling.
"Yeah, yeah," Hayley said, "and here's the deal. It's a charity thing for some organization in the area."
"What?" Sam asked. "What organization benefits from an adult Halloween party? And you didn't say anything about admission. I didn't bring any cash."
"Oh, no, it's, eh, free for us," Erin said.
This was so... confusing.
"Go on," I said. I was intrigued, and I guessed that Hayley's fun the night before and hiking today had set me up to feel just that way.
"People pay real cash for monopoly money," Hayley said.
"Dollar for dollar," Erin added.
"They pay to touch other people at the party," Hayley said.
Erin quickly added, "But it's up to the person being asked. So, we get to decide whether it's yes or no, how much and for how long. I think they made about $20K last year."
My jaw dropped.
"From a Halloween party where guys pay to touch women. How far does this go?" I asked.
Hayley met my eyes. "Well, women can pay guys, too, but we're not here for that. And neither are you. It can go however far we let them. Private parts are supposed to stay covered, but we've seen some pictures where that didn't quite work out. Cocks stay in their pants. Anything else seems open to negotiation."
"It's up to us. That's what makes this...fun," Erin said, emphatically, even. "And we have a rule of our own. Even if you brought cash, or if they have an ATM, Sam, no touching us or other women." Erin said.
"That's why having cash tonight doesn't matter," Hayley added. "You'll be watching us."
"I mean, really, what the fuck?" Sam said. "I'm supposed to be okay with other guys touching you? Why is this something I should like?"
"Let's see," said Erin, "just think about theafterparty."
Sam didn't answer.
"You'll like it later," Erin said. "Pinky swear."
I didn't know what to think, never mind what to say. So, I did what I knew how to do. I embraced Hayley. Besides, I couldn'tnotput my hands on her ass in that sexy outfit anyway.
"Trust me," she said in my ear. "Let me have this night. If you thought last night was fun, wait until later..."
I didn't respond immediately, my thoughts between what others might do with her... and the raging hardon I had at the thought.
"Promise me," she said.
I exhaled what felt like an obligatory breath. My hands traced around her exposed ass, and I couldn't help but try to find my way further underneath.
"Eh, that's for charity," she whispered. "Promise me."
I promised.
The girls donned their white cowboy boots to complete the ensemble, and we were off. There were some humorously mild complaints about how cold the seats were, and I shouldn't have been surprised that Hayley made a joke about it keeping her nipples hard. Her comment brought a little levity into something that was entirely foreign to all of us.
I parked, and went around to open the door for Hayley. She looked like a sex toy as she exited the SUV, her boobs all but completely exposed and what had to be an intentional spread of her legs as she slid from seat.
Erin said, "Hey, fellas. I think a few pictures are in order."
Hayley looked quite agreeable.
We certainly weren't going to say no. The girls did some cutesy hugs and looked over their shoulders while showing off their butts and similar. But then Erin hugged Hayley close, face to face, and groped one of Hayley's tits. It surprised Hayley, but she reciprocated quickly. And that was the shot, friends but almost intimate, with Erin's nipple extending well beyond Hayley's entrapping fingers.
It was going to be a long night.
When I reclaimed her to walk hand in hand, I asked, "You're sure?"
"Definitely. But I'd never do it without you."
"And if I'm distracted by some other woman?" I asked.
"That's cute," she said, "but I know you only have eyes for me."
Damn straight. But I didn't say that. And then, without thinking, I admitted, "And Erin's nipples."
Hayley smiled, and said, "They'relong, aren't they?"
And that was my condition as we entered the Recreation Center. I had to laugh at the name of the building for an event like this. It was obviously suited to dances, ping-pong, foosball and board games, maybe committee meetings based on the chairs and tables stacked around the perimeter. It had some spooky decorations, a disco ball, and what looked to a guitarist and singer getting prepared to perform.
If there was a welcome speech, we had missed it, but we did check in and heard for ourselves that the ladies had gotten the rules right from a lady wearing a red wig and otherwise only a painted doll costume added, "But just remember, the more you share of yourselves the more the animal shelter benefits!"
Uh-huh. Another lady pointed towards the buffe and the bathroom. She wore a white unbuttoned blouse, and although technically covered per the rules, when she raised her arms, I could see her breast fully. I didn't get a costume reference, but when you see boobs, I guess it didn't matter. By definition, I guess Hayley's boobs would be considered covered even if she lost the tape.
More people were arriving, and I guessed there were over 200. They were all ages, but we were definitely on the younger edge of the demographic. That was disappointing in some ways, but encouraging too as there were a number of very sexy older women.
Costumes included Disney and Marvel characters, angels, devils, cats, princesses, pirates, nurses, playboy bunnies and others that just wore the barest swimsuits or lingerie with heels. There were a couple other Barbies, but they couldn't compete. And, I couldn't linger looking at others too long because I had a spot where my eyes belonged, and I could tell Hayley was tracking my attention.
"Fresh meat," Sam said. "Or, fresher meat."
"Huh?" I asked.
"The guys are checking us out. Rather, Erin and Hayley that is. They're younger, but maybe others here are regulars or something," he said.
Erin voluntold us to get drinks. I was uneasy about it, but they gave us a look that, well, you just don't argue about. It wasn't hard to figure out that giving them a little room might... get it started?
When I returned a couple sips into my beer and with a glass of wine for Hayley, it had started, alright. There were five men around them both, and I saw Hayley tuck a few bills of play money under the side of her G-string, but it wouldn't stay. So, she just kept it in her hand while a guy reached with both hands under the loose mesh of her top and groped her breasts.
I stood there dumbfounded, hard as a rock. Seeing a man grope your wife isn't just something you rarely see. It's something you never see. Time slowed as I watched his thumbs rub over the tape that covered her nipples. Her mouth parted, and her face flushed. This was so wrong, but damned if I wasn't turned on by it. And I liked that she was too.
He continued groping and kneading her breasts, squeezing them, and continued to put pressure against her nipples for a couple minutes. He finally withdrew, and I approached with her glass of wine. She somewhat surreptitiously checked my crotch.
"Good," she said. "You're probably as hard as I am wet. And so quickly."
Because I could, even with people watching, I squatted to look at her crotch to see how wet she was. There was so little fabric visible I couldn't tell. But I could make out the knub of her clit, less than a half inch from the top of the fabric. I couldn't believe how daring she was being, and that thought reminded me of Erin.
She was nearby, Sam almost at her side with his jaw set in tension. A man had a hand under her shirt and was feeling, or maybe pinching, her nipples. Yeah, I'd do that, too. I couldn't hear what the guy was saying, but I pretty well made out that Sam said, "Fuck, yeah." He was obviously more into this than I'd thought. Another guy stepped up, handed Sam some fake cash and did the same thing. As Erin's face took on a very sensual expression, Sam's lighted in a way that suggested he was just discovering an amazing new toy.
I heard Hayley giggling. I turned to find some guy on his knees behind her, fondling her tight butt cheeks, alternately licking them with his tongue. Maybe it tickled? He did it for what seemed like forever. She looked humored and bewildered. She reached down to flick the top bill at her waist. A blue $50? I made an incredulous face, and she mouthed "I know!" She started swaying her hips slightly and the guy just buried his face in her crack as he continued to squeeze her with his hands.
While he was doing that, another man dressed as a wizard, probably in his early 60's, asked to grope her breasts, as close as I could figure it. "Twenty for one," I heard him offer.
Hayley glanced at the bills on her side. They were all blue. "Fifty for three," she replied.
I quickly figured out it was $50 for three minutes of breast play. I hope she didn't bring this commercialization of her body home with her. He was a bitter shorter than the last guy and he stepped a bit closer to see what he had his hands on.
So, with him squeezing her breasts and the other guy at her rear, she made eye contact with me and made that lapping motion that she had so recently introduced. She raised her arms, lifting her breasts, and the most radiant smile took hold of her face. I remembered my phone and grabbed a shot, her posing with strangers fore and aft. I didn't understand why I actually wanted this moment for her, but she was stunning.
Wherever my head was, there was much more to come, I knew. The wizard stopped abruptly. Maybe at his age fondling a 27-year-old's breasts was too much or his time was already up. He peeled all the Monopoly money out of his pocket. It was hundreds plus some other colored bills.
I couldn't hear the exchange but I saw a bit of a shock in her face. I read her lips saying, "Yes" as she accepted the bills.
The man was inches from her breasts as she unfastened the hanky thing behind her neck. It basically fell away from her body, and she tossed it in my direction without looking. I reacted instinctively, snatching it from the air. That moment gave just enough time for another guy to get in front of me. There were lots of guys around her now enjoying the site of her full breasts less the nipples.
A random thought hit me that Sam might be looking, but he was solely focused on Erin as another man was sucking on her breast. She hadn't removed her top because it could just be shifted clear. I was mesmerized as well, hoping the guy would give me a glimpse of what I'd longed to see, but it wasn't happening.
I turned back to Hayley. Crap! The wad of fake cash apparently wasn't to remove her not-shirt. The man was sucking at her breasts as well. I looked around. They were all watching him. Hayley had kept her arms raised, and she was watching the crowd. Her back was arched slightly, and she was biting her lip. She finally looked my way.
I couldn't hear her. The background music, the chatter, the guys egging the older man on with loud "Fuck yeah!" and "Suck those tits!" But in her look, I could hear the moan coming from her lips. If it wasn't a public space, I would have joined her stroking my cock.
I hastily started recording her, stepping in front of the guy who had stepped in front of me without apologizing. The group had given them space, maybe a yard or more around her front. I used it to record her from different sides, her eyes following me as I did so.
When his time was up, her breasts were muddled with red marks, and the tape had loosened, the hint of an areola showing from the side.
I leaned in to whisper in her ear. "You are amazing me. This isincredible!"
A guy probably around our age stepped up and asked, "Are you next or can I get a turn?" I backed away noting his girlfriend was nearby, clearly turned on as well, her nipples protruding through the fabric of a she-devil costume, never mind her exposed bosom. I couldn't make out the proposition, but Hayley seemed surprised. Whatever it was, I didn't think she was going to go for it, but, after a look at his girlfriend, she said "yes."
I stepped closer as she said, "but later. Maybe others should go first." The guy smiled and seemed agreeable.
I didn't recall how her glass of wine ended up on a table nearby, but she retrieved it and downed it. She grabbed my hand and led me to the bar. "I need another," she said.
The bartender worked in slow motion as he openly gaped at Hayley's breasts. I would have been disappointed if he hadn't, I supposed. And then the thought occurred that it was too bad the tape was sticking as well as it was. Had I always wanted to show her off? I didn't know, but it was exciting now.
We walked away from the crowd a bit, her back to them. I had her pose for a photo holding the glass of wine, wearing her round bits of tape and smiling in front of the crowd behind her. Actually, I took a bunch and switched to video to record her turning around showing her ass. She drank the wine fairly quickly, and then asked for water. We found a fountain nearby.
At her weight, two glasses, fairly fast, was more than plenty. A third and I could have my way with her. A fourth, and she'd be out like a light and miserable the next day. She drank some water, and drank more again.
She took one of my hands and placed it between her legs.
"You're beyond soaked," I said.
"I know." She paused more than a few moments, but I could tell she wanted to say more. "Can you... Do you... Have I ruined everything? Can you love me like this? After this?"
Sheesh. She was thinking that?! What wasIthinking? "I want to fuck you hard... fuck you like a slut all night long, and when you wake up, I want to make love to you and hold you in a way that you know I love you more than ever." That came out pretty well.
Her face eased its tension. I'd said the right thing at the right moment? It wouldn't be a first, but...
"You'll have to wait a little while longer. But for now, I want you to..." She guided my hand down the inside of her thigh. She was indeed dripping wet. I did the same on the other thigh.
"Taste me," she said.
The edge of my hand was wet with her juices. I made a show of it, licking it, then smelling it. She could tell I liked it.
She smiled. "Good. Someone is going to pay me a lot to taste that. Remember it's for charity."
I had needs too. I fished her mesh thing out of my pocket. "Put this back on?"
She did, looking only mildly confused. The thing literally hung from her neck, the heft of her boobs keeping it "in place." I flipped it up and removed both pieces of tape, crumpling them up and tossing them to the side.
She gave me a quizzical look and then said, "You're not worried about Sam seeing me?"
"Worried? With strangers groping you and everyone taking pictures? And with a good possibility that he's seen you already, I'd kind of like to see his reaction." Which was weird and twisted, but it was how I felt. I used her own words. "And remember. It's for charity." I smiled. And then looked at her tits, admiring how her nipples poked through the ample spacing of mesh so easily. And kept smiling.
She stepped closer, I thought for a kiss. "Careful," she said, "I could get used to this kind of attention." She lapped my chin and lip, which I now understood as a sign of her newly acquired zeal for exposing herself. I didn't understand why, but I was all in.
She took my drink and downed the remaining third of my Jack and Ginger. We were both all in, it seemed.
As we walked back, I took stock of the place. There were lots of women being felt, grabbed and licked in all the interesting places in all sorts of ways, and I could happily see Hayley wasn't the only one flirting with the dress code. And there were a few men getting felt up as well, most wearing kilts. And a few women were feeling other women as well. The mountains of Tennessee were more liberal than I might have guessed. It was a lot to absorb, and it was fun to do so, but it was distracting from the star ofmyshow.
A lady with a badge came up and asked if she could take Hayley's cash. They were apparently out at the exchange table. She counted $550 and got Hayley's name.
"Keeping track?" I asked.
"Yep. Whoever turns in the most cash wins a free weekend vacation."
I gave her a slap on her butt. "Well, maybe you should get back to it, then!"
She raised her eyebrows and grabbed her boobs. "Mister? You'd sell me for a free cabin?" she asked playfully.
"Trust me. It's better when you sell yourself."
"You said that. I didn't," she replied.
As Haley started negotiating with a guy, part of me wondered what state Erin might be in. Really, I just wanted to see if her nipples were showing, but I didn't see them anywhere. It was now my job to collect Hayley's money and otherwise record her.
Maybe another five or six guys felt up her boobs, licked them or sucked them. One guy came prepared, with a spray bottle and a washrag to clean her boobs before he put his mouth on them. I could tell Hayley liked the spritzing.
She kept the blue bills coming, sometimes two at a time depending how long a guy wanted with her. For those who wanted her to pose for a photo while they were doing their thing, she charged $100. For anyone who wanted to touch her between the legs, she was getting $200.
As people saw and wanted more, they started offering to feel inside her. Only one was willing to pay the $500 she wanted for one minute, but he negotiated me taking a video with his phone. Close up. It necessarily captured her intimate parts as his finger moved her G-string aside, and she was clearly wet. It wouldn't capture the smell though. She was going to need more fluids.
A facsimile of Shaggy from Scooby-Doo said, "How much for you to sit on my cock and rub me while I play with your breasts?"
Hayley checked to see what he was wearing, which were stretch fit brown pants. "How long do you expect to last?" she asked, teasing him.
"Oh, I'm good," he replied.
She considered momentarily before responding, "$200 a minute, for as long as you last."
"$150?" he countered.
She agreed.
I took $1000 up front, he laid on the floor, and she went to work. That was a sight, watching my wife dry hump a guy. He certainly enjoyed her breasts, but my eyes were on her cunt. The G-string didn't really stay in place, and with each forward motion, her clit was revealed.
Other guys had made comments, but this guy was a cocky one. "Your cunt needs a cock. It's begging to for me." "That feels so good. You do this for a living?" "Who do you practice with when your husband isn't home?" Hayley didn't respond. She had the wit for it, I knew, but the things he was saying and the sensations were having a visible effect on her. She was panting audibly. "Just pull down that zipper, baby. No one will tell."
Hayley leaned forward, her hands on the floor beside his chest, and he began sucking on her breasts. I recorded her from all sides, and just watching her ass move on him was about too much for me. Shortly, it was too much for her, and she orgasmed on him, which finally set him off as well.
When she pulled off of him, she rolled onto her back to gather her breath. I couldn't help but look at his pants. They were soaked on the outside, and I had to wonder if Hayley was now completely dry. And I hadn't really anticipated how big his cock had been. It was pronounced and lengthy, explaining part of Hayley's excitement.
Paying more attention to my wife, my eyes zeroed in on her cunt. She probably wasn't aware of herself, I realized, as her G-string was buried in her and her swollen labia was visible. And others with cameras were aware of it, too. It just wasn't right.
I barred their view and helped her to her feet. I collected another $500 from the guy, which he handed over happily enough, but not without asking where we were staying. Uh, no.
I took Hayley to the Ladies room, where she spent ten or fifteen minutes. I knew she needed it. When she came out, she looked refreshed and headed for the water fountain and drank thirstily.
She finally spoke. "That, was unexpected. Thanks for rescuing me afterward. I didn't realize how much I needed to clean up." Then she smiled brightly. "I'm better now!"
"More?" I asked, "or have you had enough?"
"Oh, definitely more," she said. "The break helped. I'll have plenty left for you later, but I'm havingfun."
I licked her lips as she had mine earlier. She returned a devilish grin.
She was going to be all over the internet. Or, somewhere on it. I didn't know how I felt about that. Conflicted, anxious, and fearful came to mind. But damn she was hot.
We walked back into the general area, where many eyes found and became glued to her breasts. The offers came. $20 here, $50 there... the fondling adds up. Aside from the sexual arousal I got by watching Hayley, I also noticed how much more confident she was. She hadn't really been shy earlier, but she hadn't engaged them much either. Not she was conversing with them about how they liked her various body parts, and letting them know when they did something that felt good.
Another offer was voiced from behind us if she'd sit in a chair and masturbate while he recorded her. Hayley turned beet red, but when she was offered $200... she hesitated. Another guy offered $200 if he could do that as well. She took a deep breath, which did gorgeous things to her breasts.
"I think... I think I've gone about as far as I can go. Thank you, guys. Maybe another lady will."
Okay, I respected that, and I wasn't even disappointed.
"Are we done with this?" I asked. "Are you ready to go?"
"Almost," she said. "There's one more thing I want to do."
She declined a couple more groping offers, and then the guy with his girlfriend that had spoken with her earlier stepped close. "Is now okay?" he asked. "I don't think this will go on much longer."
"I think now would be really good," Hayley said. He handed me three $100 bills. Crazy. People had this much money for... well, whatever it was. But it wasn't sex.
He led us to a side area, where it was just the four of us. "Take off your boots," he said, and she did so. He stepped behind her, close. Actually, pressed against her. I didn't know where this was going. Hayley looked at me looking at her. It was quite the look. It wasn't about asking permission or expressing guilt. It was as simple as "Watch."
He reached around, rubbing Hayley's clit through the fabric with one of his fingers, not in a rushed way, but pretty much how she likes it when she wants to take her time. Her hips began moving with him.
He leaned into her ear and asked her a question. I read her lips as she whispered, "Yes."
Hayley gave me that look again, then looked at my phone. Crap. I'd stopped recording. I started again, just as he began to shift the sliver of fabric exposing her clit, then pulling the string from the divide and moving it to a side. My heart was racing.
I checked her face again. She was lost somewhere, her eyes largely closed. I could see her flush more, her mouth opening the way she does when things feelreallygood, her breathing becoming gradually heavier. She was biting her lower lip.
The guy knew I was recording and made a little show of it. He dangled his middle finger above her sex and then plunged inside her. I was... entranced, seeingthis,not so much of seeing another man with a finger in her sex, but her response to it.
He had been holding her tight with one arm around her abdomen. It probably helped her stand, for that matter. He whispered in her ear. Again, she said, "Yes."
He removed his finger, replacing it with his other hand, and lifted it to her mouth. She sucked. There was nobody home. I was starting to get concerned. If he made any movement towards his pants or zipper, I was ready to end it. She was in a state that I doubted she could resist.
And then things changed. He reached both hands beneath her legs and lifted her, spreading her wide, exposing her cunt. And then his girlfriend slipped in front of her. She looked back at me, smiled, and quickly clipped Hayley's G-string, pulled it free and tossed it to me. With a wild look, she licked her lips and turned back to my wife.
Hayley opened her eyes when she felt the girl squeeze her nipples. She looked at the girl, then the hands on her breasts, taking it in. The girl moved forward and sucked as much of her breast as she could fit in her mouth, then worked her way to the nipple, I think using her gums and tongue. Hayley's mouth opened in the pleasure it brought. Or, maybe it was just because a girl was doing it. Maybe that was the "one more thing" she wanted.
The girl fondled with her breasts for some time, long enough for the guy to reposition himself on the edge of a table to better support Hayley's weight.
She withdrew, again revealing Hayley's cunt, with nothing covering it but framed by the silly pants she was wearing. The girl got on her knees and got to work. Hayley grabbed her breasts and began tugging at her nipples, maybe in time with the girl's licks. It didn't take long for Hayley to start moaning, which I could hear above the din of the group behind her.
The girl stopped being delicate and began eating my wife's cunt, licking hard, using her fingers, burrowing in with her nose. Her boyfriend helped by pushing Hayley's pelvic area against her. It was inevitable. Hayley climaxed exhaling deep breaths that sounded more like a series of gut punches. I'd never heard that way before. It went on for a long while, as the girl continued to eat her.
Finally, the girl backed away and stood, a wide satisfied smile on her face. The guy was still holding Hayley, spread before me.
"You're her husband?" he asked.
I nodded.
"I can hold her while you fuck her if you like," he said. "I don't think anyone would care, and Velvet likes eating cum from a cunt."
Velvet likes... I wanted to see that, but... but it wasn't about me. Yet!
I shook my head, and he set Hayley down, who appeared a little wobbly. Hayley thanked the girl, then leaned into me for a long hug. She was done.
When she was recovered, I asked, "Is thateverythingyou wanted?"
"Well," she said, "no one sucked my toes."
"I can do that," I said, grinning.
"Later. I think the last thing is the walk of shame." She laughed.
"We can take my vest and you can hold it in front of your crotch, and I can find one of our hats for your chest," I said. "Or I could carry you out."
She grinned. "I don't think you understand. I'm all but naked in a hall full of people. When am I going to have another opportunity to walk through that?"
I looked, and we were on the far corner from the entrance. "You're sure?" I asked.
She flicked a hard nipple. "It seems so. But I want you to record it, and then I'll probably want you to carry me to the car. Ihatethose boots."
So, we did that. She got a few more offers along the way, but mostly a lot of very approving lustful looks.
We turned in the money at the desk and headed for the exit, finding Sam and Erin already there. Sam lookedhardat Hayley, from head to toe, but mostly at her breasts and cunt. "Holy fuck!" was all he managed, his face lit. In the moment, Hayley's walk of shame felt to me like a walk of fame.
Erin looked wrecked, really. Her hair was a mess, her skin was red or blotched all over, and her satiny cover thing was largely where it was supposed to be but was hanging unevenly. She'd kept her G-string, but it was stretched where it mattered, not offering any cover. I just smiled, appreciating what I could see. Then I lifted my wife and carried her to the car.
The ride back was fairly short but accompanied by a long silence. Sam sat in the front with me, and the ladies were in the back. When we arrived, I opened the door for Hayley. "Hot tub. 20 minutes," she said.
"Maybe 30," corrected Erin.
She and Erin climbed the stairs to the master bath. Sam and I took our turns in the other, also changing into our swimsuits which had been drying on a rail. We grabbed cold beers then went dutifully to the hot tub awaiting our wives.
There was a minute of silence.
"You record what happened?" Sam asked.
"Yeah," I said, with a note of enthusiasm, even. Iwasenthused about that.
Sam cracked a grin. "Yeah. Me too."
Hmm. "Of... us?"
"Oh, no," he said. "I had my hands full. Or she did. Or we did."
"Yeah, I didn't see you guys after we got split."
"Probably for the best," Sam said. "Think we'll ever... see yours?"
I knew he meant each other's videos. "I don't know. I never expected to even have that to share. It would probably make things a bit awkward for us, don't you think?"
"I'm going to guess," said Sam, "that like everything else this weekend, the girls will decide."
I wondered where things might go from here. It was the four of us again, not some fantasy place where people went wild. I figured we'd talk about it, and then I could take Hayley to the loft and finally fuck her brains out. It made the most sense.
But in a day of surprises, what's one more? Like, when you and your best friend are sitting in a hot tub drinking beer and his wife walks out of the cabin, sheds her robe without a stitch on underneath and displays her gloriously hard, 3/4" nipples. Finally. I kid you not. I didn't know DNA did such things. I'dsuspectedit, but I didn'tknow. It's the kind of thing that leaves one speechless. And hard.
"Cat got your tongue, Steven? I mean, you've always wondered.Everyonedoes," she said.
I glanced over at Sam. He looked as dumbfounded as I was starstruck. I guess he was expecting things to cool off as well.
"I'vealways wondered," my wife said. I hadn't noticed her, for obvious reasons, following behind Erin. She teased the V in her robe momentarily, smirking at my rapt attention with a gleam in her eye. And in a snap, my wife of five years was standing there just as naked, her 36Bs illuminated from the hot tub lights, her nipples hardened nubs. It wasn't just the cold mountain air, I knew. It had been the whole day.
"Are we doing this?" Erin asked.
Hayley flipped an oversized coin. She held it out for Erin to see. "Yes," Hayley said. "It's a little nippy out here, isn't it Erin? Should we stay out here and let them look a little longer?"
"Well, let's chance it. Flip the coin," she said.
Hayley did so and held it out. Erin nodded and said, "Lucky guys, you can continue to look. For a little bit. Itiscold out here."
"You guys wereverygood tonight," Hayley said. "We weren't certain that we could do this, or that you would even let us."
"We'll talk about that later, I'm sure," Erin said. "But it's pretty obvious you guys should get a reward. Weallshould get a reward. Isn't that so?"
Hayley flipped the coin. "It appears that we should."
They sat at the edge of the tub opposite us, their feet in the water. They gave each other a look and spread their legs. I couldn'tnotlook at Erin. She was shaved just as bare as Hayley, but her clit sat slightly higher on her pubic bone and she was fleshier below. It only took a few moments before I looked to see the delight in Erin's face that I had checked her out. Hayley diverted her gaze to me. I knew where Sam had been looking as well.
Erin said, "I'm glad you like what you see. We're getting pregnant."
What?
She laughed. "Not tonight, guys. But soon."
"It's why we did this," Hayley said. "We thought about telling you during a romantic dinner downtown, but..."
"Meh," said Erin. "We wanted to have a blowout farewell to being married without kids. We didn't imagine it would lead to this, and then... it did."
"Sometimes, you don't know what you want until you start to dwell on it," added Hayley.
"And plan it," said Erin.
"And when we found this event, our imaginations ran wild," said Hayley. "Winemayhave been involved, but it stuck with us."
"And here we are," said Erin.
"As you can plainly see," Hayley added. They both started giggling. Hayley pressed against the side of her breasts with her arms to accentuate them. That, accompanied with her cute smile, slayed me.
"Hey!" Erin said, disapproving with a look. "No fair. My boobs don't do that!" And they giggled some more. She flipped a nipple with a finger, and Hayley gave her a similar look for being upstaged.
Hayley said, "The party wasexactlywhat we were hoping for, but we didn't have any idea how great it would be. But the part we were most looking forward to was surprising you like this."
"The wine," Erin said. "It sounded like a fun way to surprise you. And then it sounded fun to tease you to no end first."
Hayley's tone changed to one a little more serious. "And then have somefun."
"Keep your trunks on fellas, there's more to come," said Erin.
Before I could make sense of that, they both rose, Erin crossing to me and Hayley to Sam. Erin sat in my lap, her hips wiggling at my cock under the water. "Ooh," she muttered happily. I glanced briefly to see that Hayley was similarly positioned for Sam, her breasts at his face.
"No complaints, from either of you," said Hayley. "We got this."
I was hard as a rock, of course. Erin gave me a look of "Well, what are you waiting for?"
I reached around to pull her near and closed my lips on wonderland itself. So many subtle things... the texture, the depth of her nipple in my mouth, the smell of her skin, the feel of her slender frame, the firmer nature of her breast, the feel of her rocking in my lap, the relative acreage my tongue had for nipple play... Wonderland.
In the back of my head, I couldn't help but wonder where this was going. There was that little seed of discomfort thinking about Sam enjoying my wife, or what this might lead to next. Still, I enjoyed wonderland for several blessed minutes before it necessarily came to an end.
Hayley moved away from Sam, and I realized she was grabbing her coin from where she had sat earlier.
"I think it's time," she said.
Erin agreed.
Hayley extended the coin in her palm. "Let's see, how should we word this. They've seen other guys enjoy touching our cunts tonight, and in my case a woman too..."
"Really?!" said Erin, surprised.
Hayley nodded with a satisfied smile. "Should we let them have the same opportunity?"
"I think... I think you should flip the coin and we'll see," said Erin.
In a split second, Hayley continued, "In the absence of objections..." and flipped the coin.
My thoughts were weighing how I wanted that to turn out, and before I could come to any conclusion, Hayley revealed the coin. It said "yes." Of course, I wanted that. I just wasn't as confident in the reciprocal cost.
They sat on the edge of the pool again, but further apart where they could no doubt watch either other.
"3... 2... 1..." Erin counted. And then they spread their legs.
It was funny how Sam and I didn't look at each other as we headed for each other's wife. The weirdness could wait.
"Ah, sorry guys. We need more wine first. Run along!" Erin teased.
It wasn't that far of a walk, and it didn't take a long time, but something had to be said.
"We going to be okay with this?" I asked.
"If we're okay with it now, we'll be okay with it later. So far, buddy, it's worth it," Sam said.
"Yes, it is."
And that was that.
I was enjoying the taste of Erin and just the newness and feel of another woman, as well as her appreciative sounds. Erin managed to drink some of her wine when she wasn't shuddering. She was making all the right noises, but I loved that they were different noises, even as I heard Hayley's familiar ones nearby. Or, maybe more so because of it. I couldn't have continued with Erin if Hayley wasn't having fun, and that made sense regardless of unlikely it seemed that this was even happening. I was tongue deep in her when I heard Hayley say, "Sam, your fingers look pretty long."
Well, fuck!
I felt Erin's hands suggesting I lift my head. I did so and found her tweaking her nipples, happy that she found pleasure in them for herself. I glanced at Hayley to see her face tighten as Sam's finger entered her. Erin corrected my gaze with a finger at my temple. "Here boy, and don't stop until I have an orgasm."
I repositioned slightly so I could suck at one her fantastic nipples while fucking her with my fingers. She was responding visibly, her torso shortly reacting in almost in a wave motion. I heard Hayley say between breaths, "No kissing... this isn't... about... affection." Hayley loudly proclaimed her orgasm shortly thereafter, and Erin finished just as Hayley began winding down.
An awkward moment, or minute, of silenced followed as the ladies sat in the hot tub and gathered themselves. I was rubbing my cock through my swimsuit just looking at Erin's nude form, her chest rising and following. But after a moment, I had eyes only for Hayley, her breasts spectacular in the hot tub lights.
Finally, Hayley spoke. "Erin, these guys need some attention. I'd... I'd rather we skip forward."
"Which means what?" asked Sam.
Erin said, "Isoooneed a fuck right now."
"We were going to give you blowjobs, I think. But then you would need a bit to recover, and I don't want to wait that long," Hayley said.
"As much as I think we both might like swapping partners, we're not crossing that line. But Iwouldlike to see Steven's cock and maybe play with it a little before... Stand up, guys."
We did. Hayley grabbed Sam's swimsuit and yanked it down, his hard cock a foot away from her face. Erin quickly followed with mine. Sam's 6'3". I'm not. I came up short in comparison in cock size also, not by a lot, but aggravatingly visible nonetheless. I'd be lying if I said Hayley's surprised expression didn't hurt a little.
Erin helped though as she gripped my cock. "Ohhh, thick. Nice and thick." Well, that helped some. She stroked me a few times and then her tongue quickly found the tip. "Ilovethe taste of pre-cum," she said. I felt like that should be in good supply given everything that had been going on.
Erin gave my cock and balls every bit of attention I could ask for while being careful not to overstimulate me it seemed. It was also my opportunity to check on Hayley, who was likewise eyes only for Sam's cock. It was quite something to see your naked wife grasp, lick, hold, and stroke another man's cock. It was sexy as hell, her tongue lapping the length of his cock, circling the head. Even her boobs rose and fell a bit, visible just under her raised arm, her nipples hard.
"Whoa boy," I heard Erin say. I realized I had started moving my hips. "Save the good stuff for her. Hayley, let's take this inside. Warmer, better lighting."
We all got out of the tub hurriedly, grabbing towels and heading inside.
"Where?" Hayley asked, the brevity speaking to her need.
"Bear rug," answered Erin. "You guys on your backs."
Sam and I moved a large table off the rug lickety split and did as they requested.
"Closer," Erin said. "Almost side by side, enough room for our legs."
We complied quickly.
"Let's do the coin," Hayley said, standing next to Erin and holding the silly coin again. "The rules are Steven fucks me only. Sam fucks Erin only. Let's see. No kissing anyone but your spouse."
"On the lips, that is," clarified Erin.
Hayley nodded. "Anything else, goes. Touch who you want to touch, when you want to touch regardless of what's going on. Or, just watch if you want to. No one wonders off until the sun comes up. Anything else?" Hayley asked, looking at Erin.
Erin held up her phone, doing a quick sweep of us.
"And anyone can take as many pictures of whatever they want but it stays between us. Oh, and if there's anything else that needs deciding, Erin and I do that." She gave Erin a wink, which was returned. Whatever. I couldn't complain about anything so far.
She flipped the coin, looked at it and held it where we could see. "YES."
"Good. Time to fuck!" Hayley said.
She crouched over me, my cock quickly finding its way between her wet folds. Erin did the same on Sam. I was admiring them both, because I could. I was distracted when Sam reached over and began squeezing Hayley's breast.
And that was fine. "Fuck yeah!" I said, as Hayley started her piston action on me. I didn't need much encouragement. The day had been way too much. I still tried to hold on, to satisfy Hayley, but it was a bit of a relief when Sam came first, his hand squeezing Hayley's nipple fiercely, Erin encouraging him with all the right words.
I managed to watch my cock disappear into Hayley just a few more strokes and let loose.
"Give her that cum," Erin said. "Fill her up!"
Hayley giggled and bit her lip. I loved that look.
Erin stretched forward to give Sam a kiss, and she moved his arms above his head, holding them in place. "No," Sam said. "Not that."
"Don't make me tie you up," said Erin.
I liked what I was hearing but needed more context. Quickly, though, Hayley was holding my arms similarly. "Watch them," Hayley said, motioning to Erin.
Erin all but hopped onto Sam's face, where she began rubbing her cunt against his mouth and chin. What? I felt Hayley withdraw from my cock and... oh.
"Girls talk, you know," said Erin. "Hayley and Steven haven't done this before. Now show them how it's done. Eat your cum and lick me clean."
I couldn't say anything because Hayley had already copied her, rubbing against my face.
"Steven," Hayley said, "use your tongue."
I did, and oh my word.
I heard what I thought was a high-five. Erin said, "And you just stay there for as long as it feels good. Or in Sam's case, until I think he's got it all."
Hayley grabbed my wrists and brought them to her breasts. What had been sort of a weight on my face was now a rocking motion in a rhythm. Hayley's breaths became harder, then a light audible moan. It took a few minutes before she had an orgasm. Her rhythm slowed, and she lifted herself from my face and I found I could breathe again!
"Fuck, yeah. You were right. That's an awesome way to finish. We'll be doing more of that," Hayley said.
Did my wife just say "fuck" in conversation? Sheneverdid that. In traffic, sure. In the heat of sex, sure. What a day... What a day.
And night.
There were some favorites, like fucking Hayley on her knees with Sam and Erin underneath sucking on her tits. Hayley wasloud. As much as I enjoyed sucking or playing with Erin's nipples, Hayley was the best. I enjoyed watching her enjoy herself and the extra hands that lit her up. And all of us enjoyed being watched we discovered.
We greeted sunrise in the hot tub, each of us sexually exhausted. We had showered at one point during the night because we needed it, and we showered again before cooking breakfast. Clothes felt... weird. Hayley and Erin wore their robes as long as possible, and that was perhaps the sexiest moment, sitting around a table having coffee with friends when my wife's breast pops out without any obvious thought or interest in covering it up. Or, hiding it when Sam and I quickly grabbed our phones for photos.
That led to another round of sex, then another shower, packing, loading the car, and driving away from the place that all of this happened. The conversation on the way home was light, partly because the ladies slept quite a bit. But how the weekend might affect us when we were home wasn't discussed. We'd figure it out in time.
A week later, I arrived home from work to find Sam and Erin already there. She excitedly shared the news that she had won the contest and we could enjoy a cabin there again. I hadn't focused on it, but with the money Hayley had earned, it made me wonder what Erin did to get it.
They had just finished shopping for a hot tub and were excited to share that news as well. "We probably won't use it as often as we should, but you know..." Sam hesitated. "We have really fine memories of sitting in the hot tub and watching you two in the loft. Kind of don't want to let that one go."
Hayley laughed.
"It's funny how we did something so wild that's now not embarrassing at all," I said.
"Hayley and I talked about that," said Erin. "We decided that getting together like that should be once in a blue moon. We obviously enjoyed that night together, but we want to keep it exciting. Not make it familiar territory."
"Maybe topless in the hot tub?" suggested Hayley.
Erin nodded.
Hayley reached for the coin that was on the table, "Yes" visible on the facing side.
She flipped it over. It read, "Yes."