"Four bedroom, one-and-a-half bathroom, eat-in kitchen, large screened porch, country setting with loads of privacy. All new appliances, washer/dryer. Twelve-fifty a month. We should definitely look at that one, you guys," Brie said. She was sitting in the shade on the pool patio with her father, Charity and Kelsey.
"Yeah, that sounds good!" Kelsey said. "We can have porch parties!"
"I still think we shouldn't even look until we start getting paid," Charity said. "What if we really like something? We're not ready yet."
"That place sounds like a bargain," Brian said. "It might be a dump, but if you start looking and you do find something nice that you want, I'll pay the security and the first two months rent. Call it a graduation present for you all."
"Daddy! Oh my God!" Brie said.
"I don't want you to move out of here, but...it's inevitable, so I might as well help out, right? And I'd kind of like to be in on the process, before I leave Saturday. Let's go take a look at it."
Brie made the call. The landlord agreed to meet them at the house that evening.
"You should all dress conservatively," Brian said, eyeing Kelsey in the bikini she'd arrived in. "You need to come across as responsible adults. Two teachers and an artist is good, but the way you dress says a lot about you. Quiet, conservative, stay home a lot grading papers, that kind of thing."
"Daddy's right. Do you evenownany clothes like that?" Brie asked Kelsey
"Between me and my Mom I can find something."
Charity didn't have any trouble. She opened the luggage she'd stored in her closet and picked out one of her old outfits, clothes she'd bought at home with her mother, for school. It felt odd to be looking at those clothes — they seemed like they were from another life, a life she was glad she left behind. She hung onto them thinking she'd be wearing them when she went home for a visit, but standing there looking at the churchy-looking clothes made her realize she wouldn't be doing that. When she went home she'd dress as her new self. Maybe not the string bikinis and the garter belts and stockings, but she wouldn't be wearing anything from the old suitcases, that was for sure.
Kelsey returned that evening in a pair of comfortable bluejeans that weren't skin tight and a button-up shirt of her mother's that was actually buttoned up. Brie and Brian agreed a tiny bit of cleavage might help — it was a male landlord after all — so Brie adjusted Kelsey's buttons for just the right effect.
Brie wore white pants, casual but nice, and a summer cardigan with a pretty undershirt showing underneath. Charity held down the schoolmarm end of the spectrum, in a plaid, below-the-knee dress with a white collar. With square heeled shoes on her feet, it almost looked like she was wearing a costume.
"Wow," Kelsey said when she saw her. "Is that yours?"
"Is it horrible?" Charity said.
"Well...yeah, but...not for today."
Kelsey eyed Brian's nice, casual clothes, admiring the way they fit. The secret affair she'd had with him, and her unhappiness with the way it had ended, was far enough in the past that they didn't mind spending time with each other anymore. All that awkwardness was behind them.
They piled into Brian's car and he headed east of town, to a long, quiet road that meandered past hundreds of acres of cornfields. A metal mailbox on a post marked the end of the driveway they were looking for.
The house was nondescript, just a four-sided box with a hip roof, but it had a certain kind of rural charm. The setting was certainly beautiful, on a knoll amid rolling fields, some of them cultivated, others fallow with wildflowers.
The landlord was already there. He was a kindly looking gentleman in his mid sixties, with an easy smile and twinkling gray-blue eyes.
"Evenin' folks," he said. "I'm Bill Mitchell."
"Hi Mr. Mitchell. I'm Brie. We spoke on the phone," she said, extending her hand.
Introductions were made and the tour began, starting in the side yard by the door.
"This is the farm I grew up on," Bill said. "The barns were in bad shape, so we had them torn down. The house was always pretty rickety, and we found lots of insect damage, so we tore that down too and built this, with rental in mind. It's all in good shape. You have to like the county, though. There's not too much too close by. Whitaker's store down about a mile. You probably came by there."
He ushered everyone inside, into a mudroom with coat hooks and a big closet. The floor was nice new linoleum, with a sunflower rug. The girls were already in love with the place.
"So, it'd be you three ladies livin' here?" he asked as he guided them toward the kitchen. "Can you tell me a little about yourselves?"
"Charity and I are teachers, at Hillydale Elementary," Brie said.
"I'm an advertising artist," Kelsey said. "I work for Jonston Graphical."
"We all just graduated college," Brie added. "Kelsey and I grew up in town. Charity's from St. Louis."
"The screened porch is just off the kitchen here," Bill said. "It runs the whole length of the back of the house. There's a door into the living room down at that end."
"Oh my God, this is awesome!" Kelsey said as she stepped out into the airy space.
"Yup, plenty big for a couple couches or whatever. The last tenants had some nice furniture out here and they still had room for a ping-pong table."
The rest of the house was just as good. It was all freshly painted, with clean floors and efficient new windows. The bathrooms didn't look brand-new, but they were spotless. The girls were in love and Brian was impressed. They all huddled by his car while Bill locked the place up. The girls were over the moon and desperately wanted it.
"I know it's crazy to rent the first place you look at, but this one's going to get snapped up quick," Brian said. "You sure you don't mind being out here with nobody around?"
"It's perfect, Daddy," Brie said.
"I forgot to tell you folks," Bill yelled from the side door steps. "My daughter and her boyfriend have an organic farm just up the road, but they also cut lawns and do snowplowing. They take care of this place no charge."
"Sold," Brian yelled. "Who do I make the check out to?"
—
Bobby and Albert went to the gym after work on Monday. It was their usual routine — Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, a quick, half-hour workout before heading home for dinner.
Barbara had a pretty good idea of their gym schedule. In the past it had never crossed her mind to go for her own workouts when they would be there — she just happened to occasionally cross paths with them. But after they'd both fucked her to multiple wild orgasms at the party, she decided to try and bump into them a little more often.
"Thank God!" she said when she saw them. "I was beginning to think all the sexy men had quit this place!"
"If they knew you were here looking likethatthey'd be here," Bobby said, admiring Barbara's radiant smile, her capri length tights and her sexy sports bra.
"Too much?" she asked, looking down at the bra. It was one she hadn't worn before, definitely more daring than the average sports bra, and way more daring than the t-shirts she usually wore for her workouts.
"They don't sellthoseat Dick's," Albert smiled. "How are you, Sweetheart?"
"Fantastic," she said, giving them both hugs and cheek kisses. "You guys have given me a new lease on life."
"Well, that's nice to hear," Bobby said. "We're feelin' pretty good too, after Saturday. That was way too much fun. We may have to talk our wives into having parties more often."
"Are they...common occurrences?" Barbara asked.
"We were talking to Kelsey about that last week," Bobby said. "Back in the day, we were weekend warriors, but lately it's seems like once a month or so. Kelsey seems to be kicking us into gear a little more often these days. The kids do their own thing, too. Sharron can tell you more about that."
"She's been in on...the younger gatherings?"
"Yeah. That's where they met her. Up at Sandgrass pond. She and her soon-to-be ex have a camp up there."
"Oh. So she's known Kelsey and Austin for a while?"
"Yeah, a few years at least," Bobby said. "She's a sweet girl."
"Yes, I like her," Barbara said. "I love that you call her a girl. Is she the oldest of your group?"
"No, there's a few older couples," Bobby said. "You'll meet them. I mean...I'm assuming you might want to...join us again?"
"Yes. I was hoping you'd ask."
"We'd all be mighty disappointed if you didn't," Albert said.
"Well, I...I mean it was...so much fun, I...I'd love to."
"Did things work out with Austin? I got the feeling it was a bit awkward there for a while," Bobby said.
"It was. But we're both trying to learn from you and Kay and Kelsey. It's been oddly fascinating, from a parenting point of view. Do you have kids, Al?"
"We do. A son a few years older than Kelsey. He's in Florida."
"Does he know about..."
"Yes, he stumbled onto it. It took some getting used to, but he's very understanding these days. Every situation's different, I think. Austin's doing fine, from what I can tell."
"Thank you for saying that. Do me a favor, both of you, tell me if anything seems to be...going wrong with it all, with regard to me and Austin I mean. It's all so new and different, I'm having trouble seeing the big picture. I'd hate to cause any damage, or mess up his relationship with Kelsey."
"Will do," Bobby said. "Kay's wonderful at that, too. She's got the eyes and ears of a psychologist. She'll help you through. Call her any time if feel the need. You guys wanna hit the machines and get sweaty?"
"Mind if I tag along with you guys?" Barbara asked. "It's kind of boring here alone."
"Absolutely," Albert said. "Let's work it."
The three of them did a quick workout, with delightfully sexy eye contact between Barbara and the two men. She was so horny when the half-hour was up she secretly wished one of them would invite her home for a threeway.
Austin was napping on the couch when she got home, the way he often did after work. Barbara went straight to the bathroom for a shower. She pealed off her sweaty tights and the thong she bought to wear with them. It was her first thong. She felt ridiculous buying it and wearing it at her age, but it did it's job with the tights, eliminating the panty-lines she was worried about.
She stood and looked at herself in the mirror. The new sports bra was a success, she decided. It supported her tits well without looking like it was trying too hard, and it definitely had a sexy side, more so than the others she'd looked at. The boys seemed to like it. She caught them looking at her tits more than once.
As she unhooked it she looked at her bare pussy in the mirror. She still wasn't used to seeing it that way. She put the bra on the counter and took stock of her naked body. Not bad, she thought. She supported the bottom of her tits with her fingers, wishing they still had their youthful perk, but all-in-all what she saw pleased her. She was proud of her flat belly and her smoothly rounded hips. They were both problem spots that she constantly had to work on, but as long as she was consistent with her exercise and ate well, she had them under control. She had a feeling she'd be working even harder on herself now that there would be men seeing her naked on a regular basis.
And theywouldbe seeing her, from the sounds of it, she thought to herself. They want me again! The realization triggered a flush of heat through her body. She watched in the mirror as her skin blushed pink and her tits came to life. Ever since she was a teenager she'd been self-conscious about her big, three-inch areolas and the nubby nipples that crowned their center. When she was growing up, none of her friends had such big, prominent colorations. Her tits were nicely sized, but the proportions always seemed wrong to her. Standing there in the mirror, she imagined swapping parts with Kelsey, the redhead's areolas and nipples on Barbara's tits, and hers on Kelsey's bigger globes. That seemed about right.
She closed her eyes and squeezed hers, thinking about the softness of Kelsey. A hand drifted down and her eyes opened enough to watch, through blurry eyelashes, as her fingers parted the slightly stubbly pussy lips. Kelsey'll have to shave me, she thought, and a smile crinkled her face. She reached for the baby oil bottle that was sitting next to the sink, still there from the last shaving. She lubed up her fingers and mimicked Kelsey's after-shave massage, the first one, the one that quickly went orgasmic.
Barbara had never watched herself in that state before. She kept the view blurry through half-lidded eyes, but she was fascinated, watching her fingers on her pussy, watching her other hand roam. As her chest started heaving she had a revelation — her tits were sexy! The way her nipples poked between her fingers; the way the earthy-colored flesh of her areolas contrasted and stood out; the way the soft fleshiness gave way under her exploration.
As she rubbed her oily little clit things quickly got explosive. She let herself go in a way she hadn't before. Her eyelids danced between open and closed as her imagination ran wild. Kelsey was between her legs, and Bobby was there too.
She moaned loud enough to wake up Austin. He sat up quickly out of his dream, thinking his mother was in distress. As he shook off his sleep he realized what was happening. He sat quietly and listened. Barbara was fully involved. If she was aware of how easily she could be heard it didn't seem to faze her. The growing orgasm was all that mattered.
She watched in a spinning blur as her body convulsed in front of the mirror. Bobby's cock, Albert's cock and Tyler's hungry mouth all ravished her, taking her to a place of pure beauty and light. Beautiful, wordless utterances drifted from her mouth, floating down the hallway to Austin's ears. And then there was silence.
They both tried to find reality. Austin stood up in a sleepy fog and went to the kitchen for a drink. Barbara was slower to come around, hearing her son's footsteps like they were part of the orgasmic dream until she remembered he was really there. Oh, God, she thought! What the fuck just happened!
She knocked over the baby oil. "Fuck!" she said, loud and staccato.
"You all right, Mom?" Austin yelled.
"Yes," she said breathlessly. "I'm...all right."
It was an instinctual answer, but she wasn't sure if it was true. She fumbled with the oil, mopping up the spillage with some toilet paper. She tore off another wad and wiped her oily, juicy pussy.
"Good Lord!" she whispered as her spinning brain starting to slow a bit.
Austin took his drink outside and sat on the front steps. He wasn't sure he wanted to hear any more, if there was any more to be heard. He took the phone from his pocket and texted Kelsey.
—You home?
—Yup. Hangin with Sharron by the pool.
—Clothes?
—No, silly! I want to see you. Got some big news. Can I come over?
—I'll be here.
Kelsey arrived forty-five minutes later. Barbara and Austin were sitting at the kitchen table finishing up some tacos they'd thrown together after her shower. Kelsey smelled food all the way out in the driveway, so she wandered in through the open garage to the kitchen door.
"Come on in," Barbara said when she heard the footsteps.
"Hi, Honey!" Kelsey said to her when she entered. She went straight to her and hugged her around the shoulders. "You were rockin' Saturday night. How's your pussy feel?"
Barbara had no idea how to reply to such a wildly inappropriate greeting, especially since her pussy still felt nice from her masturbation less than an hour ago.
"Jeeze Kel!" Austin said.
"Oh. Sorry," Kelsey said. "Barb's one of the girls now. You're gonna have to get used to it."
Barbara was thrilled. A rush of adrenaline hit her that felt like happy juice. One of the girls! Yippee!
"So, I got big news, you guys," Kelsey said. "Me and Brie and Char found a house. Brie's dad went with us and hooked us up. We can move in in a week."
"Oh my gosh, that's great!" Barbara said. "You must be so excited!"
"Awesome!" Austin said. "Where is it?"
"Way out Barclay Road. "You know where all that farmland is out there?"
"You won't mind being outside of town like that?" Barbara asked.
"No, it's perfect! It's all private. We can have parties. We don't have to wear clothes..."
Barbara's eyes were big with surprise. "You're not going to wear clothes? All of you...do that?"
"Yup," Kelsey said. "And you're gonna too, when you come over."
"You think so, huh?" Barbara said, smiling a little as she glanced at her son's reaction.
"Don't mind her, Mom," Austin said, shaking his head a little. "She's just crazy."
"I suppose you think my whole family's crazy?" Kelsey said, sounding a little perturbed.
"No. Fuck Kel, you know what I mean."
Barbara debated whether to scold Austin for swearing, but the conversation was deep into adult territory, so she let it slide. She decided to try and normalize the conversation, if such a thing was possible with Kelsey. "So, tell us about the house."
"It's so incredible," Kelsey said. "We've each got a bedroom plus there's a spare for company, and there's this huge screened porch on the back. We could put like a huge king-sized bed out there or something."
"They used to have sleeping porches in the old days," Barbara said.
"Yeah, I don't know if we'd sleep on it," Kelsey said. "It's like the perfect party porch."
Barbara got the idea, feeling her tell-tale flush of warmth as reality sunk in. She wondered if she'd be out there with Kelsey and her friends on some quiet, country night, listening to the crickets while Tyler and the other boys did unspeakable things to her. Would Sharron be there? Would Austin be there, inside the house, listening?
"Daddy said he saw you at the gym today," Kelsey said. "It's cool you do that. A lot of women just give up."
"Yeah, I've been running into your father and Albert for years."
"It was so funny. He got all hard when Mom asked him about seeing you at the gym. Me and Sharron laughed about it. Mom grabbed his cock and pulled him upstairs. They were really goin' at it when I left."
Barbara looked happily shocked. Austin had a different look on his face, suddenly realizing what the commotion his mother made in the bathroom was all about.
"So, when did you say you can move in?" Barbara asked, trying to normalize the conversation again.
"Next week. Probably Monday. Brie's scramblin' to get a car. Her dad's gonna get her somethin' cheap to start out with. She and Charity can kinda share it, 'cause they'll be workin' together."
"Good idea," Barbara said. "You girls are gonna have such fun. I loved having roommates when I was starting out."
"So, Loverboy..." Kelsey said, swinging the conversation back to the naughty, "...Mom said you felt super good way up in her ass Saturday."
"Kel! Shit!"
"Start gettin' used to it, Honey. We're all lovers now. Barb, do you like anal?"
"No. I mean I...don't really know," she said sheepishly, glancing at Austin. She wouldn't have answered at all, but Kelsey was right, they were all in it together now. The genie was out of the bottle.
Kelsey looked surprised. "Never tried it? Oh, Girl! You should try it with Daddy. I could tell he really likes your ass, and anal's all about the big cocks. It is for me anyway." She stood behind Austin's chair, hugged him around the shoulders and kissed the side of his face, as if to say, this is the guy who makes my ass sing.
"How do you...I mean, do you...orgasm...that way?" Barbara asked. She blushed, wondering if she was going to far.
"Oh,yeah!" Kelsey said enthusiastically. "I cum wicked. My mom does too. Some girls, it helps if they get a little clit action. Top girl of a sixty-nine with a big cock in your ass and a sweet tongue under you? That's like as good as it gets!"
"That..does sound...interesting," Barbara said. "How do you know if...I mean...do all men like to?"
"No, some aren't into it. I'd say most are though. Younger guys seem to think it's pretty normal."
Austin sat silently at the table with his mom. He was speechless, but it didn't matter. He was tired of trying to control Kelsey. He didn't like doing it, and didn't want to do it. It was time to take a deep breath and learn how to accept the things that were happening.
"Well...I'll...let you two talk," Barbara said, picking up the dinner dishes as she got up out of her chair. She glanced at Austin. "You don't want your old mother hanging around all the time."
"How's your stubs? Need a shave, Honey?" Kelsey asked as Barbara stacked the dished in the sink.
"I...do. But I should learn."
"How 'bout if I watch," Kelsey said. "I can give you some tips. Then you'll know. It's kinda scary doin' it yourself for the first time."
"Well...I guess," Barbara said, glancing at Austin. "I don't want to take up all your time."
"Austin, Honey, you wanna learn?" Kelsey asked. "You could take care of it for her."
"No, I don't think that'd be a good idea," he said.
"Have you seen it all shaved?" she asked him. "It's super pretty. Way nicer than some girls."
It was Barbara's turn to be speechless. She had that stunned but excited look on her face again.
"You shoulda seen Tyler eatin' her out Saturday," Kelsey said to Austin. Neither he nor Barbara protested, so she continued. "Oh myGodwas he into it! It was one of the hottest things I've ever seen. Your mom was upside down, we had her strung up from the swing, like hanging from her knees. It was so fun, it took like six of us to get her rigged up. So she's hangin' there all wicked sexy, with her tits hangin' upside down and her legs spread wide. It just about blew Tyler's mind I think. He didn't wait for anybody else, he was right there eatin' the shit outta her. Right Barb? Wasn't it awesome? Your head was perfect cock height too. I've never seen Tyler so hard. He fucked your mouth like a bunny!"
Barbara and Austin were still silent, stunned by Kelsey's stream of conscious telling of the tale.
"You got some good anal tongue action, Barb. That's like a preview off what a cock'll be like. Remember when Albert was standin' behind you with his tongue in there while Tyler was eatin' your pussy. That was wicked hot. I've never seen a threeway like that before."
Barbara was thrilled to think she'd done something the wild porn star hadn't seen before, but the conversation was getting way out of control. It seemed to happen that way with Kelsey — give her an inch and she'd take a mile. Barbara wasn't sure how to rein it in.
"Have you...tried the swing?" she asked, trying to get the focus off of her.
"When Mom and Daddy pulled it out of the closet I got in it. We wanted to be sure it was gonna hold together. The leather's kinda old. We didn't really work it 'cause we all like to go without before the parties, so everything's more intense, you know? So nobody fucked me or anything. We just tried to figure out the rigs, spreadin' my legs and stuff. I wanna try it, for sure. It looks super fun. Do you have something like it? For those hooks in your bedroom?"
Barbara was right back where she started, the center of attention again. "No, nothing fancy like that."
"So, guys just tie you up and sorta hang you? So you're helpless?"
Barbara didn't answer. She kept hoping Austin would intervene, but he didn't.
"That's cool," Kelsey said, gleaning the answer from the look in Barbara's eyes. "My friend Marsha at Tucker's, she really liked the tied up thing. I think it's cool. Whatever floats your boat. So, let's go get you shaved."
"Oh," Barbara said. She'd forgotten. "We don't have to do it now."
"Sure, lets do it," Kelsey said. "Austin, you don't mind, do you? Your mom'll feel better if she's all pretty."
"No, it's all right," he said.
They were the first words he'd spit out in quite a while. Kelsey smiled at him, knowing full well what was going through his mind. She was manipulating Barbara too, in a friendly way of course, trying to draw her out, to break even more ice between her and her son. The way Kelsey saw it, there were two big hurdles yet to be jumped — getting them comfortable seeing each other naked, and, and getting them used to the idea of watching each other have sex. Both of them had avoided both situations, but Kelsey knew they were both secretly wishing they'd get there. Austin saw his mom in the swing Saturday night, with two men attending to her, but he'd backed away quickly. Kelsey knew the build-up had to be something less intense than that, something more sensual. Open doors would be a good start.
Barbara objected when Kelsey left the bathroom door open, but she went ahead and stripped anyway, down to just her bra. Kelsey saw it as a clear sign that she was right — Barbara had an exhibitionist streak and Austin was in her sights.
"Can't you close that?" Barbara asked. It wasn't a strong protest. She knew full-well she could do it herself. She eyed the way the vanity mirror gave a partial view between her and the hallway.
"Nope. Open doors are important in life," Kelsey said, sounding like a philosopher. "Hiding ourselves is unhealthy."
She waited until things were underway — Barbara's nervous hands taking the first swipes with the razor across soft, soapy skin — before making the next move.
"That's it, Honey," she said, watching Barbara's tentative first moves. "You've done your legs a million times. It's not too much different. Use your other fingers to pull the lippy parts tight." She demonstrated, touching Barbara softly but firmly. "Austin, Honey," she yelled, "can you bring us some paper towels?"
Barbara kept her head down, working on herself carefully. The moment for a strong objection passed quickly. Her heart raced when she heard footsteps getting nearer.
Austin stood at the doorway, not looking in. "Here you go," he said, holding out the roll.
"Bring it in, Honey. We're busy."
Austin entered, slowly, gradually taking in the scene. His mother was sitting, hunched over, intently scraping her softest skin with a pink razor. Her face was pink too, thoroughly blushed from the exciting moment, not taking so much as a glance at Austin.
"Not the sexiest thing, is it?" Kelsey said. "It's what we do to make ourselves pretty for you boys. Her pussy's super nice though, isn't it? It reminds me of Sarah's."
"Sarah Burke?" Barbara said, looking up for the first time. She sounded surprised. "Issheone of your...friends?"
Barbara remembered when Austin had a crush on her back in elementary school. Sarah had been at lots of his early birthday parties, and Barbara knew her mother well.
"Yeah, you know her?" Kelsey asked. "You guys are pussy twins. I like yours even better 'cause it's got some experience."
Kelsey's outrageous wonderfulness made Barbara smile. She went back to her work so she didn't have to look at Austin. He wasn't making any moves to leave. He was having a bit of a dear-in-the-headlights moment, so he just stood there and watched.
"That's it. You're gettin' the hang of it," Kelsey said. "Here, let me show you that part." She dropped to her knees between Barbara's legs, spreading them wide. "See how it opens?" she said to Austin. "Just like Sarah's."
Austin had never noticed Sarah with that kind of detail, but apparently Kelsey had an eye for such things. His mother was certainly more womanly than he'd thought she'd be, with all the same, glistening parts he found so orally inviting on his women. What he was seeing was way more arousing than what he expected.
"So, Honey," Kelsey said to Barbara, "pull this this way, and then use your razor in this direction. See? You can get right up in there. Be careful. Its wicked soft and if you cut yourself there it hurts. Almost done, though. It doesn't take long if you do it often enough. Once we get you in some sexy clothes you're gonna wanna keep it ready for anything."
"Can you hand me the oil, Honey," Kelsey asked Austin, snapping him out of the trance he was in.
"Oh. Yeah," he said, nearly knocking the bottle over when he reached for it.
Barbara looked like she was in a bit of a trance herself when Kelsey used a towel to wipe away the soap residue. She and Austin both watched as Kelsey oiled up her hand and smeared it all over the freshly shaved skin. They both knew Barbara could be doing it herself, but letting Kelsey do it just seemed...better. Barbara moaned when the talented young fingers did their usual clit-tickling thing.
"That's a good stopping point I think," she said, a little breathlessly. "Thank you, Kelsey."
"Oh. Sure, Barbara," Kelsey said, withdrawing her oily, marauding fingers. "Any time. I love pussies."
Barbara took the towel from her, gave a quick wipe and left it there, covering the newly smoothed flesh. She suddenly felt embarrassed and wondered why things always went so easily out of control when Kelsey was involved. Austin was feeling the awkwardness too. He didn't know how to break things off without embarrassing his mother.
"If you ever hear her scream in here, bring her a bandaid," Kelsey said to him, smiling a sly smile. "Saliva's a good way to sooth a cut," she winked. "Plus, it feels so good you forget about the pain."
Mother and son were speechless again. Kelsey was on top of her game.
Half-an-hour later, Kelsey and Austin were hot and heavy in his room. His door was open. Barbara questioned her mothering when she didn't do anything about the lurid sounds drifting unfiltered out into the house. She questioned herself again when she went to her room, nearly across the hall, and left her own door open. Sitting in her robe in her upholstered reading chair she could see Austin's doorway, and the soft, dim light in his room. His bed was out of sight, but the light moved a bit, blurry shadows accompanying the softly rising voices.
Kelsey took the lead — no surprise there — drawing the nearly silent boy out with her ridiculously sensual vocalizations. Austin always lost himself when he was with her, and soon it happened again, his sexy groans shocking Barbara when she first heard them. Austin had forgotten the open door, forgotten his mother. The sexual playground that was Kelsey was all that existed.
"Oh, God you fuck good!" Kelsey exclaimed. "Yeah, give it to me. Fuck me hard, Baby!"
Austin groaned loud as their bodies slapped together, the noise getting louder as the fucking intensified.
"God you're hard tonight!" Kelsey said. "You fuckin' drillin' me, you big cock boy? You all super hard and horny?"
Kelsey's voice was loud, breathless, and oh so sexy. There was nothing contrived about it, she was just letting herself go, in the most delightful way imaginable.
"Fuck me up against the wall, Baby. You know the way I like it."
Barbara's heart pounded even faster when she saw them, facing away from her. Their bodies were already sweaty, catching the dim light with a satiny shine. Kelsey's hands went up high against the wall and Austin was in her, quick, his perfect young ass thrusting.
"Oh,fuckyeah!" Kelsey yelled. "Do it! Do it, Baby!"
Barbara couldn't see much of Kelsey, but she could see all of the back of Austin. His hands were on her hips, and he fucked like a machine. Long, solidly rhythmic strokes that seemed to go on and on, bodies slapping together, moaning voices nearly singing together. The sight and sound of it took Barbara back to the party Saturday, half of her brain lost in orgiastic memories while the other half devoured the sight of her son as a man, a real man, a sexual man as beautiful as any she'd ever seen.
Kelsey had a wild orgasm. She dropped to her knees, sweaty and breathless, and took Austin's long length into her mouth. Barbara could see it in profile, all of his eight inches, disappearing into Kelsey's throat. Austin was looking at the ceiling when Kelsey saw the light in the room across the hall. She glanced over and saw Barbara, thrilled that her devious plan had worked. She lapped at the luscious cock like a big piece of candy, trying to hold Austin's attention so he didn't see his mother.
"Cum for me, Baby," she said, stroking the long, slippery length. "Cum for me."
Austin loved it when Kelsey said that. It was a trigger that worked almost every time. Barbara was thrity feet away but she could see his spurting gush, perfectly aimed into Kelsey's open mouth. It was a stunning sight — every muscle in Barbara's body was locked up tight and her wide eyed, open mouthed face showed the wonder of it all.
Kelsey sucked the big cock back into her slippery mouth, letting the sloppiness drip down her chin.
"How hot wasthat!" Kelsey said softly, smiling like the Devil as she gestured with her eyes toward the door. She sucked the throbbing cock back in.
Austin's mind finally registered the situation. He looked across at his mother, sitting quietly in her robe in her room. He groaned when Kelsey deep throated his receding length again, her hand fondling his always sensitive balls.
"Gettin' hard again, Baby?" she asked. "You're insatiable. Fuck me nice and slow this time." She stood and took Austin's hand, leading him back to the bed.
Barbara listened to the lovely sounds, softer and less frantic. A fingertip under her robe drove her to the edge. She came nearly silently, listening to her son's groaning moan.
—
"I want to thank you for helping us with the house," Charity said. She was alone with Brian, in her usual panties and braless shirt, a little white spaghetti strap tank-top.
"I'm just glad I was here to help out," Brian said. "I hate having to leave again so soon."
"No. I want to thank you. Would that...be all right?"
The glint in Charity's eyes and her rock hard nipples clued Brian in. He smiled.
"You sure you want to get into that, Sweetheart? What would Brie think?"
Charity took off her shirt in one, quick, fluid move. Brian had been hoping for another good look at her, ever since running into her topless in the hallway a week before. She stepped out of her panties in the blink of an eye.
"Remember when I told you you were perfect?" Brian asked. "I was right."
He went to her, holding the sides of her waist as he kissed her. It was a wet, burning kiss.
"She'll be home in an hour," Charity said, pulling Brian by the hand to his bedroom.
"Gooood Goddd, you're tight!" Brian breathed in Charity's ear. She was on top of him, and he was astonished at the squeezing intensity of her sweet little pussy. "Oh, fffuck!...Oh fffuck!" he said, trying to rally his brain cells to hold on. It was no use.
"Fffuuck yeah!" Charity sighed when she felt the pulses deep inside her. She sat up and rode him, her tightness milking every last drop from his fiery cock.
"God! You're amazing!" he said breathlessly, looking up into Charity's eyes as she rode him slowly.
The feeling was so intense he didn't go soft, something that almost never happened. He rolled Charity off of him. She giggled as he arranged her how he'd dreamt of her — doggie style, on wide-spread knees, shoulders against the mattress. His mouth went to the promised land, licking through the creampie oozing out of her.
"Fffuuck!" he mumbled as he devoured her slippery warmth.
Charity giggled when he brought her asshole into the tongue licking party, but she knew Brie would be home soon.
"Fuck me," she sighed. "Fuck me right now."
Brian thrust his hardness back into the wildly tight intensity. He could hardly believe what she felt like. Most of his on-the-road lovers were older — he had a thing for older women — so a super tight, nearly virginal pussy wasn't something he'd experienced in a long while. His enthusiasm nearly levitated Charity off the bed. She came like a wild banshee on his quick thrusts. Brian was laughing when his burning cock could take no more, throbbing again as he came with ferocious intensity.
"Holy shit!" he gasped, collapsing next to Charity.
"Wow!" she said, fighting for breath and composure. "We'll be doingthatagain, right?"
"I fuckin' hope so," Brian said. He nuzzled his new favorite nipples with his teeth. "You're such a sexy girl."
"Stop that!" Charity giggled. "Brie'll catch us. I gotta get my clothes!"
She ran out of the room, leaving Brian in a happy stupor. Brie came home from her dentist appointment five minute later. She got an inkling of foul play almost immediately, but Charity pulled off the deception. Brian worked at the desk in his room for almost an hour, showing his face long after the Brie'd forgotten her suspicions.
They had pizza delivered for dinner, and talked about the rental house, their upcoming jobs, and the used car they were picking up the next day, Brie's first.
"Promise me, Brie," Brian said. "No phone use while you're driving. No texting, no picture taking..."
"I promise, Daddy," she said.
"And no sex in the car, unless it's stopped," he said. "I know you guys are...active. Just be careful. At the house, too. Try and keep things under control, all right?
"Daddy!" Brie said.
"Sweetheart, it's fine," he said. "I'm glad you all enjoy it. But, you're getting into a profession where certain things are frowned upon. Try and keep yourselves out of the papers, okay?"
"Okay, Daddy," Brie said.
Later that night, when the house was dark and quiet, Charity walked down the hall to Brian's room. She didn't bother with any clothing. He woke with a tired smile, opened his bed sheet and enveloped the warm girl in his arms.
"I'm surprised it took you so long," Brie said in the kitchen the next morning.
"What?" Charity asked.
"My father. You couldn't have a quiet orgasm if somebody paid you a million dollars."
Charity looked horrified. Brie let her stew in it for a few moments while she fixed her coffee.
"Hey, I know how it is," Brie said. "I like older guys too."
"You're...not mad?"
"I knew it would happen," Brie said. "I mean, the first time he saw you you were cumming. Don't get stuck on him, okay? That'd be to weird for me."
"Okay," Charity said.
An uncomfortable silence overtook the kitchen until Brian walked in a few minutes later, wearing his robe.
"How're my favorite girls today," he said, looking more tired than usual.
"Good, Daddy. Did you have sweet dreams?" Brie looked at Charity and smiled a little. Charity was glad to see it.
"I did. One of the nicest dreams I can remember."
"Tell us about it," Brie said.
"Oh, well...you know those ones that leave you feeling good? The ones you hope you'll have again?"
"Yeah, I know the ones, Daddy," Brie said. She smiled softly. "I have one of those. It feels like a best friend. I hope it never goes away."
Brie and Charity smiled sweetly at each other. Birdsong drifted in though the open window. Charity's heart sang too, happy she'd found such a wonderful new family.