My strongest plea for Wendy to more seriously consider submitting to another man occurred about 10 years ago.
Wendy and I had been married for seven years. I consider myself extremely lucky. Wendy has long brown hair, is five feet 6 inches tall, 130 Pounds, and has a great figure. She has beautiful olive skin, a sweet woman next door look -- a slight shyness that sometimes disguises her true beauty. Wendy's breast look their best bare naked but spend most of their time cradled in a 34C bra. Wendy was blessed with a slender waist and shapely hips. Her ass can hold its own against most anything out there and shapely legs complete the total package. Wendy's figure nearly matched her college measurements in spite of having giving birth to daughters who were three and five-year-old at the time.
Our sex life had been on the active side of normal as we both enjoyed everything from romantic cuddling to athletic romps. Over the years we've tried most everything -- most things several times. The limit to our progressive sexual relationship was that our sex life was exclusively ours.
Over the years we had toyed with swinging and swapping, mostly in fantasies to heighten our passion rather than as serious considerations. With young kids, responsible jobs, and active roles in the community, we simply weren't willing to risk the consequences that could result from sexual experimentation gone bad. I had always been excited with the idea of Wendy being fucked by another guy or guys. My excitement seemed to arise from a combination of the taboo nature of the act, the desire to see Wendy aroused in a way that the same old partner can't do all alone, and perhaps some ego satisfaction from knowing my wife was able to attract and arouse other men. While Wendy was aware of this fantasy, our focus on raising our daughters precluded any serious consideration. In the heat of passion I would occasionally mention how nice it would be if another hard cock, or mouth, or hands were available to help bring Wendy pleasure.
On that particular night ten years ago Wendy and I fucked three times as memories of the evening fueled my arousal. Wendy and I had been at a small seminar/reception hosted by our accountant at his lakefront home. After an hour seminar on new tax laws we were enjoying an evening reception on his lawn. We didn't know any of the other dozen folks but enjoyed the warm evening air and hospitality of our host. Six of the guests including my wife were standing on the dock enjoying the lake view as the sun moved lower in the sky. I was standing nearby helping our host removed shish kebabs from the grill when we heard a cracking sound. As we turned toward the noise we saw one section of the dock sinking toward the water. Two guests scrambled to safety but four partygoers, including my wife, were unable to escape as the dock section tipped. A large man was the first to go in the drink. His 300 pounds probably contributed to the dock failure as he went sprawling in while swearing a blue streak. Another woman, I later learned her name was Sandy, was next to lose her balance. As she began tipping she reached out in an attempt to balance herself and grabbed Wendy. Over they went, followed by another man. As it turned out, Sandy landed upright in the thigh deep water but Wendy went sprawling into the lake.
Everybody's eyes were now focused on the incident. Wendy was the last to get to her feet. She was still stunned from the spill and stumbling to gain her balance standing on a soft lake bottom. Everyone's attention was immediately drawn to Wendy. The top of her sundress hung at her waist with torn shoulder straps being the cause of the serious wardrobe malfunction. Her wet hair covered her face and her dress skirt hugged her hips and legs. Wendy had worn a white, stretchy lace bra of the type that was popular in the era. The soaked bra was virtually transparent as it clung to her shapely breasts. Her nipples and areolas were clearly visible from 15 feet away.
Only when Sandy began apologizing profusely for grabbing Wendy's dress did Wendy become aware of her predicament. She gasped in embarrassment and fumbled for the front of her dress managing to stumble and fall in the lake a second time. As she pulled herself out of water a second time she let loose a very rare stream of colorful language expressing her frustration. Now everyone had gathered round to help. Wendy recognized she was the center of attention and with Sandy's help managed to pull her dress into place but not before everyone had vivid images of her full firm breasts with their puffy areolas and aroused nipples locked in their memories.
Soon our host had arrived with towels and each of the victims assessed their condition more carefully. Fortunately, there were no injuries or bruises beyond Wendy's embarrassment and a few soaked wallets and watches. I managed to re tie the shoulder straps from Wendy's dress around her neck to hold up her dress front. As I tied Wendy's dress straps she noticed the bulge in my slacks. I offered no excuses and whispered to her she looked incredibly sexy standing in her soaked bra and clinging dress. I noted that she probably had the same effect on all the men.
With the immediate crisis resolved it was time to take my soaked wife back home.
Once we were on the way Wendy commented, "Seems that those men hadn't seen a wet t-shirt contest in a while they sure did have bulges in their slacks."
I commented, "You do realize that your skirt was also soaked and we could all see the panty lines from your thong panties and those nice curves of your ass through the clingy skirt?"
Wendy grinned and said, "Well I'm glad you enjoyed my embarrassment."
You could tell she was not as mad as she acted. I turned on the heated car seats as she sat wrapped in her wet clothes and towels. I told her to remove the wet clothes. She hesitated briefly then worked to arrange the towels and remove the damp clothes. Before long she was snugged on the heated seats bare naked under the towel with the exception of my hand that was busy fondling her breasts and pussy. As we drove I was telling Wendy how exciting it was to see her exposed in front of the strangers and how hot she looked and how excited the guys got. As first she told me I was being ridiculous but as I continued to fondle her she went quiet and began a soft purr as her aroused nipples and wet slit gave away her reaction. As we drove I told stories of how the guys from the party were probably heading home to jack off to the memory of her exposed breasts and wishing they could suck those delicious nipples and fuck the hot MILF with the tight body. Before we were home Wendy was a whimpering mass of aroused female flesh as I stimulated her clit and continued telling fantasies of her being ravished by the other five men at the party. As we reached the house she erupted in orgasm.
Of course the babysitter needed to hear the story of the great plunge then the kids were tucked in and only then I brought my MILF to her second and third orgasms of the night as I pumped her full of a very large hot load before we fell asleep.
Over the next several weeks we talked more about the incident and our reactions to it. Wendy has always been quite passive, almost submissive, but she does enjoy sex. After that evening she realized just how excited she could get thinking about sex with others and just how excited I got about the prospect. But there was always this firm boundary between fantasy and actions. After a few months we resolved the conundrum with her consenting to my proposal for a getaway weekend with some sexy teasing with assurances it would not lead to more.
Over the next several years that plan morphed into three naughty weekends each year. They came with extensive anticipation on both our parts and much planning on my part. Wendy acquired a wardrobe of sexy clothes and with my coaching became quite accomplished at revealing up skirt and down blouse peeks for clerks, waiters, restaurant patrons and cab drivers. Tight and tiny bikinis in hotel hot tubs was a favorite and we managed a few wardrobe malfunctions that delighted several onlookers and lead to two-hour bedroom sessions that left us both satisfied for the evening and with memories that would fuel hot sessions for months to come.
In all other aspects of life Wendy remained the prim and proper wife but she clearly enjoyed the getaway weekends and always groomed herself impeccably with fresh hairstyles, waxings, and rigorous diet and exercise in the weeks leading up to the weekends. While we always traveled at least 50 miles from home, Wendy also acquired a few wigs and sunglasses to ensure anonymity. Any pretense of reluctance by Wendy disappeared as fast as her conservative wardrobe as we left town for our weekends. I often coaxed Wendy out of her slacks, bra and pantyhose into stockings, a short skirt and revealing blouse before we were twenty miles from town.
Over the years we've accumulated a huge list of exciting adventures. While they may have been restrained by many peoples' standards, they continued to provide us with a great deal of excitement. We remained extremely careful, always ensuring classy surroundings and child free environments to the extent possible. Wendy was never alone or at risk. The number of men who had the pleasure of seeing Wendy exposed to various degrees soon numbered in the dozens. She was propositioned numerous times and more than a few volunteered their services to help me satisfy the MILF. While most of our exposures remain anonymous and at a distance, the ones with communications between us and benefactor of Wendy's charms were particularly exciting for me.
One of our favorite routines involved staying in an extended-stay suites hotel about 75 miles from our home town. The facility had three wings that surrounded the pool area. We stayed on the second floor in a room overlooking the pool and across from and in sight of dozens of other rooms in the four-story building across the pool. The facility is filled with predominantly men attending training programs associated with nearby technology headquarter facilities. Wendy was undressed, fondled, and fucked several times in front of a full-length sliding doors to the balcony. We set up the lighting so that voyeurs from across the way could enjoy watching me strip Wendy of assorted garments and lingerie before taking her in various positions. We became adept at noticing onlookers, sometimes discreetly peeking around pulled curtains and other times plainly straining to watch our shenanigans -- occasionally stripping down and exposing themselves in the process. I rearranged the room furniture to accommodate our shows, occasionally moving the bed in front of the window and spending an hour or more pleasuring Wendy orally before pounding her in various positions. Other times we used a chair, the balcony railing, or the window as a prop. The secret ingredient of otherwise routine sex was the extra excitement both Wendy and I got from knowing others might be watching.
The hot tub was the site of several other escapades. Wendy has several sexy bikinis that enticed several men to join us in the tub in hopes of a better look. One of our favorite stunts was for Wendy to wear a flesh colored tub bikini top while sitting neck deep in the tub and lay a regular wet bikini top on the hot tub deck suggesting she was topless in the tub. Numerous gentlemen got in the tub or sat nearby anxiously waiting for Wendy to exit the tub or at least stand to retrieve her top only to be disappointed when they realized she still had a top on.
But it wasn't all tease in the tub. Several men "interrupted" us going at it in the tub and Wendy's collection of virtually sheer bikini tops and occasional topless escapades resulted in several men being reluctant to exit the tub due to very obvious hard-ons. Wendy was propositioned several times, sometimes when I was watching from our room and a few times when I was sitting in the tub with her. Wendy couldn't bring herself to flirt but with her good looks, great body and tendency to blush or turn flush as guys came on to her, she never failed to attract attention.
These adventures were great foreplay for evenings of hot sex in our room or more exhibitionism at restaurants or clubs or in front of our window as I enjoyed Wendy's body while exciting her with stories of how the various men would have loved to be in my place sucking and fucking her gorgeous body.
That normal pattern came to an abrupt change two weeks ago. The occasion was our 17th anniversary. We checked in our favorite suite on Thursday and had a delightful dinner, did a little shopping then returned to the room. Things have been going well for us at the work and home front and we were both in good moods. We opened a bottle of Champaign and enjoyed a few glasses and talked about the fun we had had during the day. Sitting together on the loveseat we exchanged anniversary gifts then gentle kisses. I then opened the drapes and we went out to stand on the balcony in the cool evening air. The night sky was splendid. Wendy was holding onto the railing with her hands and I stood behind her with my hands around her corseted waist. I kissed her neck once and then again on the other side and she started breathing harder. Sliding my hands up, I fondled her breasts for a few moments then leaned forward and pressed my erection into her soft derriere. Wendy moaned softly with desire. My hands undid the buttons on her blouse. I knew Wendy would look particularly delicious in her white satin lingerie set and stockings. White lingerie under soft lights was particularly obvious to any onlookers across the courtyard and, as the hotel was fully booked, I noticed signs of several onlookers. I proceeded to remove Wendy's blouse exposing her cleavage beautifully displayed by the corset. I lifted up the back of her skirt and eased down her white satin panties and touched her swollen clitoris, she moaned again. Freeing my erection, I guided my very anxious cock into her warm and waiting pussy. Wendy wanted it now and pushed back against me hard holding her arms out straight against the railing for support.
Holding Wendy by the waist, I mounted her and moving in deeply rutted her with lust, passion and desire. She was beautiful in her corset and stockings and heels. Her hair was loose around her shoulders and her makeup and perfume were intoxicating. Her gold necklace, an anniversary gift that I had given her earlier in the day, was swaying like a pendulum in time to our exertions. I popped one breast from its cup and fondled her aroused nipple with one hand while continuing to plunge into her velvet tunnel from behind. Wendy's whimpering was loud enough that a man in the hot tub two floors below had taken notice of our coupling and who knows how many other hotel guests were watching behind curtains.
Neither Wendy nor I lasted long with nearly simultaneous orgasms leaving us exhausted and collapsing on the nearby couch. But that was hardly the end of the evening's show. We did two more rounds on the couch. First Wendy was titty fucked then nailed in the missionary position. After a quick shower, scene three starred Wendy being stripped of a negligee before a lengthy 69 session.
The next day we shopped and relaxed and lounged around the pool. In spite of the hat trick the night before Wendy's snug bikini recharge my libido. Late in the afternoon I noticed a man walking past our lounge chairs a couple of times and looking at us closely. That was not rare given Wendy's sexy figure well displayed in the bikini and the fact that men outnumbered women about five to one at this hotel. On the third pass he approached and sat on the lounge chair immediately next to Wendy. As he looked at her closely he said to her loud enough for me to hear, "I bet you own a white corset and black négligée."
Before Wendy could say anything he continued, "You cost me two hours of sleep last night, I was almost late for my meetings this morning." We both had sunglasses on so he couldn't see our reaction however Wendy's giggle was the equivalent of a guilty plea.
"That was hot -- you're more beautiful than the women on the adult channel and it was free to watch." He continued.
"And I could tell you enjoyed it and that it wasn't the first time."
The man had an Australian accent and a charming pleasant disposition. He continued chatting even though we hadn't responded.
"That corset and stockings were gorgeous. Which position was your favorite? Are you married? I bet there were a dozen guys on their balconies or rooms watching."
I noticed Wendy's nipples were aroused and plainly visible through the thin bikini top fabric. She had a pleasant smile on her face. The man introduced himself as Gerald. When neither Wendy nor I responded with our names he continued talking. He turned to me for his next set of comments.
"You're a lucky man. I was impressed with the working over you gave her. What's your favorite position? How often do you do this?"
He appeared to be in his early 30s. He had something of a surfer look about him with dirty sun blonde wavy hair, a dark tan and a lean but not scrawny body. Looked to be about 6'3" tall and 200 pounds.
Not getting any response from us he finally sat back in his chair and opened the notebook he was carrying with him. I noticed it was a study guide for programming automated manufacturing equipment. Nothing was said for the next 45 minutes until Gerald got up and said he was going to get a beverage and offered to bring us to drink. He finally got a reaction as Wendy smiled, removed her sunglasses, and said, "That would be nice, just a diet cola for me please."
I responded, "Thank you, and a light beer would be fine if you don't mind."
Gerald returned and graciously refused to accept reimbursement. He continued his one-sided conversation indicating he was in the states for three weeks for training. He traveled around the country for one week then had been in town staying at the hotel for the past 10 days while he participated in training and conference activities nearby. As it turned out, he owned a small manufacturing company in Sydney and was getting training for upgrading much of their equipment.
Gerald continued describing how last night was cruel and unusual punishment for a man who had been away from home for 2 1/2 weeks.
As he continued Wendy finally said, "Nobody forced you to watch."
Gerald continued, talking about how Wendy was so gorgeous and so sexy and how it wasn't realistic to expect any grown man to turn away from that. He chastised Wendy for taking pleasure in teasing men with her "womanly charms".
"In fact, "Gerald said, "I almost came over to help."
As time passed I indicated to Wendy that we should be getting back to the room to get dressed for dinner. Gerald immediately interjected, "If you're still leaving the curtains open, let me know so I can hustle back to my room and get my new binoculars out to watch you change." He teased.
As we gathered our items to leave, Gerald asked what time tonight's show would be. Wendy responded, "Maybe there won't be a show tonight -- we would hate to see you lose two hours of sleep again."
Gerald responded, "Don't worry I'll take a nap, I will be ready for a front row seat. That's room 218 right?"
Wendy was still chuckling from the conversation and her aroused nipples gave away how excited she was about how this handsome guy, probably 10 years younger than her, was obviously infatuated. She responded to him by saying, "I think you need to get your wife's permission before you spend any more time ogling older women."
As we walked away Gerald responded, "I already told her about you two and she would love to be here."
As we headed to our room Wendy commented that Gerald was certainly an interesting character.
Once back in the room we took a quick shower to freshen up and remove suntan lotion. We dressed for dinner, myself in casual slacks and shirt and Wendy in a snug white skirt and pale blue semi-sheer button up blouse through which, without looking too hard, you could see a white push-up lace bra. We had a delightful dinner and did some window shopping at a few gift shops before heading back to the room about 10 PM. We were debating ordering a movie in our room or heading down to the hot tub when I noticed the message light blinking on a phone. The voice had a heavy Aussie accent so I listened closely. It was a woman. She said she was Gerald's wife and had heard about how we entertained him last evening. She said they enjoyed great phone sex as he relayed his description of his view from across the courtyard. She continued, "Gerald is a great lover -- if you invite him to participate I'm sure you'll enjoy it and I look forward to hearing about it. He's gentle and safe and his colleague is a good block too."
I hit # 3 to replay the message. I couldn't believe Gerald actually had his wife call. And that she was trying to help him cheat -- well I guess it's not cheating if she knows. As I turned to tell Wendy I hesitated momentarily. I asked Wendy if she was in the mood to try something a little different this evening. She said, "Sure what did you have in mind?"
I said, "Go stand on the balcony for a few minutes and see if you see Gerald come to a window across the way. If you see him wave for him to the come over."
"Are you sure? Wendy Said.
"Yes, it should be fun." I responded.
A few moments later Wendy was on the balcony sipping a glass of wine enjoying the warm night air while watching windows across the way. It wasn't long before she noticed a man that looked to be Gerald across the way. She pointed and motioned for him to come over. She was trembling with excitement when she walked back into the room. She said, "We've never had an audience like this before -- I wonder if he will come."
"Does a bear shit in the woods? ...Of course he will come." I responded - while thinking about how he might really cum.
Wendy fidgeted around and gulped down her glass of wine holding it out for a refill. She polished that off too in the 10 minutes it took before there was a knock at the door.
Hearing the knock, I turned to Wendy and told her the phone call was from Gerald's wife. Gerald had shared his voyeur experience with her and she said she enjoyed it and hoped he would have more experiences to share. I told Wendy, "It's your decision, he's here to see you not me, if you're okay with this you can let him in. If not, I'll understand."
Wendy hesitated -- her contemplation was interrupted with another knock at the door. "Okay, I don't want to disappoint my fan." She said as a smile spread across her face and she walked to the door.
"I hoped you would answer, but I honestly didn't think that you would. But I am glad that you did." Gerald said.
Gerald handed Wendy a bottle of Champaign and at that point I noticed another gentleman standing behind him. Gerald smiled and said, "This is Justin, my partner. I called his room when I saw you last night and he went to his window and enjoyed the show as well. He couldn't wait to meet you."
Wendy looked anxious and a little overwhelmed. I now knew what his wife was referring to when she mentioned his friend being a good block. Both men entered the room and shook my hand and greeted Wendy. Gerald opined, "I know you two have showed off in front of lots of men so I didn't think it would hurt to bring Justin along."
Justin had the same charming Aussie accent and gentle manner. He seemed a little younger than Gerald and a little more rugged but I was sure that women found him attractive.
As I watched, both men focus their attention on charming Wendy and heaping praises on how beautiful she looked and how sexy her outfit was. I knew it might be a unique chance to rekindle the decade old fantasy of sharing Wendy -- strangers that we would never see again, charming guys who Wendy seemed to find attractive. We were away from home, Wendy was on birth control, and our relationship was secure.
As Gerald poured Wendy a glass of Champaign he asked, are those thigh-high stockings you have on?
Wendy blushed her coy innocent smile before responding, "You will have to wait and see."
The discussion continued and before long Gerald was showing cell phone photos of his homeland and wife to Wendy and telling stories about his life and asking Wendy about hers.
Wendy was comfortable and seemed to be enjoying the attention - even when Gerald's photo show included sharing the photos he took of Wendy from across the courtyard. Wendy was showing little reluctance to perform in front of them -- I wanted to see if I could arrange for her to perform with them. My mind was spinning at the prospect and a bulge was forming in my slacks as visions of Wendy with not one but two men formed in my head.
We hadn't talked about crossing that line in years and now wasn't the time to talk. I decided to play it by ear.
The men were flirting but seemed content to be observers. Wendy was pretty mellow after the wine and Champaign and was enjoying the visit. I decided it was time to see what would happen. I approached Wendy and kissed her passionately telling her how beautiful she was and how much I loved her. The kiss got hotter and hotter as my hand moved off her face and down her arm. It danced over her waist and hips then gently brushed her breast. Wendy was fully engaged and enjoying the kiss when I stepped back and turned to Gerald saying, "Your turn."
I turned back to Wendy and said, "Enjoy."
Everyone exchanged inquisitive glances. A smile broke across Gerald's face first, then Justin's, then Wendy's anxious look slowly dissipated and was replaced by one of submission.
As my comments were fully absorbed, Gerald stepped forward and gently leaned forward picking up where I left off kissing Wendy. He took it slow and gentle. After three or four ten second gentle kisses with no complaints he placed his hands on Wendy's waist.
My head was spinning. Time seemed to stand still and I got hot flashes and my heart raced. My cock was already rock hard and straining in my jockey shorts. Already, and it had only been a minute or two, thing were not what I had fantasized as the kissing was so personal and Wendy was responding.
One of Gerald's hands roamed across Wendy back moving from her waist to slide down her buttocks and around to her hips. His other arm was around her and pulling her close with her chest and breasts pressed firmly against Gerald's chest. The kisses became less tender and more passionate with their faces pressed tight and motions suggesting that Gerald's tongue was exploring in Wendy's mouth.
Gerald caressed her ass as they ground into each other and kissed deeply. She had one hand around the back of his head pulling his mouth down to her willing lips. Her other hand moved up and down his back and also down on his ass. His hands were still caressing her ass.
They never stopped the passionate kiss and I could see her head tilt back slightly as a moan escaped her mouth. With the instincts of a predator going for the vulnerable neck of its prey, Gerald use this opportunity to attack Wendy's neck with his lips. His head was soon nuzzled against her chest as he kissed his way toward her sensitive shoulder and ear. Wendy gasped as he continued his assault. At the same time Gerald hands were doing intelligence work and found the hook and zipper that held Wendy's skirt up.
It was at this point that I noticed Justin approach. While all my attention had been on Wendy and Gerald, Justin had stripped to his briefs and now approached Wendy from behind. He took his cue from Gerald's hands and bent down to unhook the clasp and unzip Wendy skirt. Justin had a lean rugged masculine physical shape. well-defined muscles and a dark deep tan. As Justin took on the challenge of Wendy skirt Gerald's right-hand moved up Wendy's body and was quickly filled with her left breast. His fondling was gentle but very intentional as he explored the heft of Wendy's breast and traced the outline of her bra through her thin blouse.
Justin had bent down and was pulling the tight unzipped skirt down over Wendy's shapely hips revealing her delicate bikini panties. As the skirt fell to the floor Justin's hands were fondling Wendy's hips and ass. Almost as if this had been a carefully rehearsed plan, Justin stood and began kissing Wendy's neck from the back picking up where Gerald had left off. His hands gently held Wendy's arms and Gerald stepped back slightly to allow room for both hands on Wendy's front.
Gerald massaged one breast with each hand, joining the exploration. Wendy's aroused nipples became obvious targets as Gerald fingers teased them through their fabric cover. Wendy's head was leaning to the side as Justin continued kissing her neck. And his bulging shorts were pressed against her back. Her eyes were closed as she was absorbing the men's attention.
After several minutes of fondling with appreciative moans coming from Wendy mouth Gerald turned his attention to the buttons on Wendy's blouse. Starting at the top he carefully undid each successive button. In a few moments he parted Wendy's blouse to reveal her white push-up bra stuffed full with her 36C breasts. I had never seen such an erotic sight! Here was my beautiful wife being pleasured by two strangers before my eyes. Gerald cupped her breasts with his hands and buried his face in her cleavage feasting on the tender flesh of her bosom. Catching his breath Gerald traced the outline of Wendy's bra with his tongue teasing Wendy's senses.
Then Gerald stepped back and began removing his own clothes. He quickly removed his polo shirt and his shoes. Justin's hands moved from Wendy's arms around her from behind to take their turn on her breasts. Wendy was quite a sight with her skirt still puddled around her ankles, heeled sandals, thigh-high stockings, satin front bikini panties, and a matching bra only partly visible under the two hands that were enjoying her breasts.
Justin's right-hand found its way under Wendy's left bra cup and quickly burrowed in until his hand was filled with Wendy's breast. Gerald stepped out of his slacks revealing jockey shorts with a telltale bulge.
Gerald interrupted the quiet telling Wendy she looked delicious and directing Justin to unhook her bra. Justin's hands reluctantly left their place on Wendy's breasts and moved behind her to unhook her bra. As the bra fell to the floor revealing their treasure Gerald devoured Wendy's tits with kisses, licking and sucking gently on the nipples.
Justin directed his attentions to pulling Wendy's panties down -- carefully sliding them over her hips and down her legs. He knelt on the floor so his head was level with Wendy's ass as it came into view.
With the panties gone Justin slid his hands up Wendy's stocking covered legs and buried his face in her ass licking and kissing as he explored.
In the meantime, the double assault left Wendy gasping for breath. Gerald was again kissing her passionately while his hands were enjoying her breasts. Justin was fondling and kissing Wendy's ass cheeks. Gerald took one of Wendy's hands in his and slid it down inside is briefs placing it on his cock. Justin's head still nuzzled against Wendy's ass and he slid one hand between her legs.
Wendy gasped indicating Justin's fingers had hit pay dirt.
By now everyone in the room knew where this was headed. Gerald rather firmly said, "Time for the bed." Using his muscular 6'3" frame he gently picked up Wendy and carried her a few steps to the nearby queen-size bed. My naked wife was laid face up across the bed, her torso in the middle of the bed and her head hanging off the edge of the bed.
As she laid there panting to catch her breath, both Gerald and Justin slid off their jockey shorts. Two rock hard cocks, each looking to be about 6 inches long and substantial in girth stood at the ready. Gerald quickly climbed on the bed between Wendy's still stocking covered legs. His muscular arms grabbed both legs lifting and spreading them. After placing one of Wendy's legs on his shoulder he used his hand to steer his cock to its target. He slid his cock up and down two or three times in Wendy's wet slit before pushing forward. Wendy moaned as Gerald sunk 6 inches of hard cock deep in her pussy in a few quick strokes. As Gerald pressed into her as hard as he could he grabbed one breast with his hand and told Wendy, "Every tease needs a good fucking." Then Gerald went to work pistoning in and out of Wendy's warm pussy.
He quickly had Wendy's body and the bed rocking as he pumped in and out. Wendy's nipples were rock hard and goosebumps covered her chest. Justin moved to the foot of the bed by Wendy's head and leaned to kiss Wendy and fondle her breasts with one hand. He then stood and steered his cock to Wendy's mouth. Soon his hard cock was probing the depths of Wendy's mouth as the pounding from Gerald's fucking resulted in his cock being pushed deeper into Wendy's mouth.
I was unbelievably aroused as my wife was taking one cock in each end. I could hear Wendy's heavy breathing through her nose and her gasping for breath between strokes of Justin's cock in the back of her mouth. I had removed my clothes and walked to the side of the bed with my steel hard erection pointing at my wife as I stood between the two young men fucking her. Wendy grabbed my cock with her hand and begin yanking on it. I was so aroused that I was ready to explode after a few brief strokes. I yelled I'm coming and erupted as Wendy's hands continued their pumping motion. My load landed on Wendy's breasts. Justin was next, no doubt pushed over the top by the site of Wendy's tits covered with cum. He pumped his load deep in Wendy's throat. Gerald had slid his hand down to rub Wendy's clit. That pushed her over the top as her body convulsed in an intense organism. At nearly the same time Gerald bottomed his cock deep in Wendy's pussy as he pumped out his load.
Wendy, Justin, and Gerald collapsed on the bed catching their breath. I sat on the other bed recovering. The sight of my freshly fucked wife with telltale signs of cum on her lips, breasts and pussy and her chest heaving with her deep breaths of recovery, was imprinted in my memory for a lifetime.
After a very brief rest Gerald turned to Wendy and said, "grab a suit and meet us down in the hot tub in 10 min."
I said, "But the hot tub closes at 10."
Gerald said, "Not when you know the desk manager -- meet us in 10 minutes." Gerald and Justin quickly slipped on their clothes and left.
Wendy looked at me as if to see if I agreed.
"It sounds like fun." I said.
Wendy cleaned herself with a damp rag and slipped on a skimpy bikini. I grabbed some trunks and towels and a couple cans of beer and we headed to the hot tub. We had no more than arrived and opened our beer when Justin and Gerald showed up. Gerald had the key to open the gates and quickly had the hot tub bubbling. Wendy looked sexy in her bikini and Justin and Gerald were sporting skimpy Speedo style swimsuits which drew attention to their substantial packages. Wendy and the men quickly settled in the hot tub. Because of the late hour all of the area lights were off with the exception of the underwater lights in the hot tub and the light from the windows of guests who were still awake. Wendy had no more than sat down when her top was pushed up over her breasts and the men were busy taking turns sucking on each of her hard nipples. Gerald quickly pulled off her bikini bottoms and his Speedo was also off and laying on the tub deck.
Justin removed his speedo was well and sat down in one of the seats. He pulled Wendy around to sit on his lap as he guided his hard cock into her pussy.
Wendy gave a deep moan as it entered her.
Justin took a hold of both breasts and started working her up and down on his cock. His hands were fondling her nipples as he pumped her up and down on his hard cock. Before long Wendy came letting out muffled moaning sounds. Justin followed shortly afterwards filling Wendy's hot pussy with cum. Without giving Wendy a chance to rest she was lifted onto Gerald's lap and impaled with his now very hard cock. As Wendy settled to full depth on his cock Gerald was kissing her lustfully while his hands grabbed her ass cheeks helping to thrust her up and down on his cock. With her positioned facing Gerald he was able to kiss her lips, neck and breasts and his hands could control her torso. Wendy gasped again as one of Gerald's fingers made its way into her ass. Wendy purred with the aid of anal stimulation and Gerald soon jerked as he climaxed.
I had entered the hot tub and removed my suit. Gerald lifted Wendy's limp body off his lap and set her on my lap as I aligned my cock for the coupling. I picked up were Gerald left off, Wendy's third fucking in succession, and soon had my cock pumping in and out of her pussy while my fingers in her ass had he gasping for air. As I slammed into her with upward thrusts Wendy threw her head back allowing Gerald and Justin to each grab a breast. With two finders deep in her ass, a hard cock fully impaled in her pussy and young men fondling each breast Wendy spasmed in yet another orgasm.
Wendy collapsed on my chest and sat motionless as she recovered. Justin and Gerald each grabbed their suites and slid them on before excusing themselves- but not before thanking us for the most memorable evening. Wendy just moaned an acknowledgement as she slowly regained strength.
Epilogue
When we checked out the next morning the hotel had left us a note indicating we had distracted a few guests and should not plan to visit again unless we abided by property rules. But we also had another note inviting us to Sidney if we ever wanted to have a little fun.
Wendy commented, "Well that is one fantasy we can cross off the bucket list." Then she smiled.