Yesterday was my first time posting pictures of my body online. It's a fantasy my husband and I have had for the past few months, for someone besides him to see my body. So last night I put on a sexy top he likes, my favorite tight jeans, a cute thong and I took the kind of pictures he likes. Thing is he wasn't the only one I showed them to.
After I posted my picture online I had so many thoughts. Am I a slut? Are guys online getting off to me? What will my husband think? Soon I found my answers.
Something I didn't anticipate right away was just how horny showing off my body would make me. Almost immediately after I posted my body online I received a flood of horny, sexy, incredible responses. Guys and girls telling me how much they liked my body, asking me what underwear I had on, sexting me pictures of their own bodies. It was incredible. As soon as received the first few replies I lay down on the bed my husband and I share (he place he has fucked my pussy countless times) unbuttoned my jeans reached down under my panties to my already wet pussy and finger fucked myself into a wet slutty mess. Oh God it felt so good. And the replies kept on coming. Guys telling me how they'd fuck me, girls telling me they want to taste me and my husband, it was all so amazing. Hours went by I came two, no three times to these messages. Then he came home.
When I posted the pictures I wasn't sure If I would tell him right away. I thought maybe I would keep it my little secret. But as soon as he got through the bedroom door and saw me dressed up for him, horny, slutty, and wet, I knew I was going to tell him.
I got down on my knees, undid his belt, unbuttoned his pants, and unleashed hours of horny energy onto his waiting dick. I took his hard cock deep into my mouth, sucking so hard, using my tongue to taste and pleasure him. Needless to say he wasn't expecting this when he got home.
"I have a secret to tell you," I said "But first you have to promise you won't be mad, I've been a very, very bad girl."
"I promise I won't." he replied.
I took him over to our bed, took off his pants, and shirt, and laid him down on his back. Then I sucked him again, I really needed his dick, and he reached around to play with my ass. He noticed my wet spot on my jeans I got from all the messages I read earlier
"I can feel how wet you are through your jeans." he said.
"Yeah, I told you I've been a naughty girl today." I said taking his dick out of My mouth just long enough to respond.
"What have you been doing?" he asked "you're so wet."
"You know how sometimes you tell me how much you wish other people could see how naughty I get for you?" I asked.
"yeah." he said.
"Well what would you say If I told you that a few hours ago I didn't just send those pictures to you at work, I also posted one online for other people to see?"
"You did!?" He asked, clearly a little shocked by what I had just told him.
"I did." I said, looking up at him, cock still between my lips.
"That explains why you are so wet right now." he said "Did you like being seen?"
"Mmmhmm" I moaned, without stopping my sucking.
"Show me." he said with a smile.
For the next 10 minutes I showed him what a naughty girl I had been. I showed him the pictures, the comments, and the messages that had been piling up. I could tell but he was getting more and more turned on when he saw what I had been up to.
"You really have been naughty today," he said. "I definitely didn't expect you to be up to this today, but I really like it."
At this point I wanted him so badly and I could tell by how hard his dick was that we was ready.
He told me to take off my pants so that he could see how wet I was. I turned My back to him I'm slowly slid off my tight jeans while pending over for him to see my thong underneath.
"You look so good." he said.
"You're not the only one who thinks so," I said with smile.
At that he couldn't take it anymore. He came up behind me grabbed me and kissed me up my neck to my ear. His hands wandered all over me until they found their way down to my soaking wet panties.
"Wow you really are wet" he said noticing how soaked my thing was.
"I think these need to come off." I said.
"I agree", he said slowly pulling my thong down to the floor.
Next he bent me over on the side of the bed got down on his knees and stuck his face onto my waiting pussy. His tongue and lips felt so good after the past couple hours. He licked and sucked until his face was covered with my wetness. Then he stood up and looked at me bent over. "I bet everybody online would kill for a view like this" he said. Before I could respond I felt his hard dick on my pussy has he moved it around covering the tip of his hard dick in my juices. "You've been such a naughty wife" he said. "I love it"
The next hour was spent in some of the most passionate love making we have ever had. He fucked my eager pussy bent over on the bed. He took his dick out and had me suck on him again before the turned me over, grabbing my legs and thrusting so deep inside me. I rode him with my ass in his face, getting spanked so hard it left multiple red marks. Finally he flipped me into all fours and asked me "Do you like other guys seeing your body?"
"I do." I replied.
"Good because I want them to see just how incredible and naughty you can be."
He grabbed my hips and rammed his hard dick into me so deep as he fucked me in doggy. He thrust again and again until I could feel him getting close. I moaned for him, not able to control myself and finally with one last deep thrust he exploded deep inside my pussy filing me with his cum.