Authors note: This is the first chapter of a series, and while it deals with some specific fetishes like anal-play, cum-play and exhibitionism, it's more about kink, fetish and fantasy in general and how they fit into loving relationships. Parts of this story are lifted from real conversations I've had with my partner, parts are made up out of whole cloth. I hope I've written a story that's hot enough to entice, real enough to matter, and maybe (if I'm being very egotistical) helpful to someone. Leave me a comment, this is the first short story I've written since high school so constructive criticism and editorial advice is welcome.
My "weekends" aren't really on the weekend. Both my job and my boyfriend Russ's job are open seven days a week and pay extra if you work Saturdays and Sundays. We're saving up for a house, so it makes sense for both of us to work through the weekend and then take Monday and Tuesdays off and bank the extra money. To be honest, our social lives have suffered greatly. But this has had the added benefit of saving us more money that we'd normally have spent out at bars with our friends.
Another added benefit is that we generally have places to ourselves when we do go out. Both Russ and I love to hike, bike, kayak, and generally be outside as much as possible in our free time. And it's nice to not have to fight the weekend crowds at the popular spots.
Today, we had just gotten to our lunch stop -a dead end overlook off a side trail off a side trail off the Appalachian Trail- that I didn't think anyone else but me knew about. It was tucked around the corner of a rock wall, with tall pines shielding it from view from most directions but still leaving an impressive view down the valley to the west.
All of this is to say that I expected to have no interactions with anyone other than my boyfriend that afternoon, and I had gone to great lengths -quite literally- to insure our privacy.
And this is why I was so upset when, not five minutes after having set down our packs in the shadow of rock overhang, we heard laughter and footsteps coming from around the corner and getting closer.
After a moment, two hikers came around the corner of the rock wall and walked towards the center of the small clearing. With the bright afternoon sun in their faces they didn't notice us sitting quietly in the shadows with our backs to the cool rock wall. The first hiker, a guy, strode confidently to the edge of rock ledge at the front of the clearing and dropped his large hiking backpack to the ground and then in one smooth motion peeled his sweat-soaked shirt up and off. Dropping the shirt with his bag, he revealed a well-muscled and tanned back covered with tattoos above a pair of well worn jean shorts that rode low on his hips with no sign of underwear.
The second hiker, a girl around my height and age but with an auburn pixie cut to my curly brown locks, dropped her large backpack next to her companion's. Like her partner, she had multiple tattoos and seemed lean and toned. She also failed to notice us, instead admiring the view down the mountain.
I was just about to make a noise to let them know we were there when the guy turned suddenly and bent down to get something from his pack. He saw us immediately and flashed us a boyish grin from a movie-star handsome face, his light brown hair was cut short and clean above eyes hidden behind stylish glasses. "Hey there!" He called out cheerily, I think alerting his partner to our presence as much as a greeting to us. "Didn't notice you guys enjoying the shade."
"No worries," Russ replied, "We just got here."
"Well in that case we'll be on our way and let you guys have your lunch, or whatever, in peace" The shirtless hiker said with a grin, and maybe it was just my imagination as his large sunglasses hid his eyes completely, but with a bit of a wink when he said "or whatever".
"Nonsense, join us for lunch." Russ replied. I wanted to smack him, but he was a people-person to the core. And while his parent's strict Christianity hadn't stuck with him past adolescence, he still would never turn anyone away from his table, however meager. He also didn't know why I had suggested this hike and lunch spot in particular, so he didn't have any reason not to be friendly.
The couple looked at each other and shared a shrug then walked over, the guy, who introduced himself as Jay, putting on his sweaty t-shirt as he came. The woman, who introduced herself as Dee, brought her backpack with her.
"I'm Russ, this is Nicole. Nice to meet 'ya" Russ said as we all shook hands. As pleasantries were exchanged I tried to get a better read on our new lunch companions. They were an interesting mix of well dressed and fashionable, but also tattooed and pierced. Their hiking gear was top notch and well used, but they didn't seem like through-hikers, their clothing was casual, him in t-shirt and jeans and her in tight black shorts and a loose button down tied off to show her well-toned stomach.
"Just out for a day hike" Dee responded to my inquiry. "But we do a lot of hiking and camping, so we bring our big backpacks and just pack a really decadent lunch because we have the space."
"Speaking of..." Jay said as he opened Dee's pack and started bringing out a truly impressive spread.
We all spent the next hour busily engaged in devouring Jay and Dee's delicious lunch, bottle of chilled Riesling included. The ham and cheese sandwiches I made sat untouched by everyone. During that time we learned that Jay and Dee were both bartenders, they worked at different bars so they, as Jay said, didn't kill each other, but both in a town pretty close to where Russ and I live. Both of the places they worked were closed on Mondays so that's why they were out hiking today. I cursed my rotten luck while I munched down Dee's stunning homemade oatmeal-raisin cookies and made pleasant small talk.
After we had all eaten our fill and were laying around in the shade in various states of repose, Jay brought out a beautiful glass pipe and a small bag of pungent cannabis and spent a few minutes carefully packing it. When he finished he passed it to Dee who lit it and after taking a quick puff passed it to me. I wasn't sure what to do. On the one hand, as much as I had started liking them, I wanted nothing more than for Jay and Dee to pack up their stuff and leave as quickly as possible, but on the other hand I knew that without being incredibly rude there was no quick way out of the situation so I might as well relax and enjoy the afternoon. Pot also makes me horny, and I was already horny as fuck.
I took the pipe and took a long, slow hit. Held it for a ten count. Blew out a near perfect set of smoke rings.
Settling back into myself in the first perfect moments of the high I passed the pipe to Russ who took a small puff and, coughing, passed it back to Jay who had laid out on the warm rocks with his head on Dee's lap. He inhaled deeply and blew another set of smoke rings back at me. I stared at him and he grinned that same boyish grin as when he first saw us.
Dee smacked him in the belly causing him to expel the last of the pot smoke he had been holding in and start laughing and coughing uncontrollably. "Easy there Gandalf," she said with a smile and a laugh in her voice.
I wasn't sure what just happened so I tried to make some small talk to distract me from the feeling I was missing out on the joke. "So why'd you come this far up the valley today, rather than take the AT?"
"Oh probably the same reason you did I suppose" Jay said with his languid smile and another hint of a wink behind his big sunglasses.
"And what reason do you suppose that would be?" Russ said, his easy smile matching Jay's but there was an edge to his words that I could hear only because I had known him for years, maybe like me he felt he was being left out of the joke. Suddenly I was worried that I had set something bad in motion.
"Sex, duh." Jay said and gave a joyful laugh as he gestured widely at the idyllic clearing around us. He smiled broadly at both of us in turn as if it was the most obvious thing in the universe. But his expression quickly sobered when it apparently wasn't reciprocated by Russ and myself. "Sorry, got a habit of ascribing my motivations to other people," he said with a small, contrite smile.
"Does he ever," Dee said as she gave him another lazy smack in the belly.
He's not wrong, I said to myself.
"What?" Russ turned to me and asked.
"I... I didn't..." I wilted under Russ's steady gaze. "I said he's not wrong" I said quietly, with my head down looking at his shoes.
"Hah I knew it!" Jay exclaimed, Dee punched him in the side under his upraised arm and sent him laughing and sprawling on his side, but she did it with a knowing smile on her face.
Russ continued to stare at me. "You didn't tell me this is why you wanted to come out here," he said flatly. I Didn't tell him because I was afraid, afraid that he'd say no, I figured once we were out here I could seduce him into what I wanted, now I was watching all my hard work crumble and fall apart.
It wasn't that sex with Russ was bad. It wasn't. It was great. The best I've ever had.
But it was boring.
We'd been together for three years now, and our sex life was pretty similar to when we'd been together for three weeks. And in some ways that was great. Russ still went down on me all the time and made sure I got off before he did, always the gentleman. I knew that the problem was at least largely mine, I was unable to talk about sex in a serious way it seemed, it always came out like I was joking. "Oh haha, I can't believe that girl is enjoying that." When what I desperately wanted was for Russ to treat me that way, any way, any way except the careful, reverent way he always did.
We both loved hiking and did it all the time. We had even had sex in tents when on camping trips before, but it was the exact same sex we had at home, just in a small tent. What I had planned for today was a departure from that, sex under the open sky, something I figured I could convince Russ to do but still totally new for me.
And here were Jay and Dee, who seemed to treat this as totally normal.
"So you guys are like exhibitionists or something?" Russ asked the seated couple.
"No, no," Jay said, shaking his head, "unless I misunderstand the term, an exhibitionist wants to be seen by other people. I at least don't have any interest in that. But..." he gestured to the surrounding clearing and clear blue sky beyond, "having sex, making love, whatever you want to call it, outside in the open air with the sun kissing your back and the wind tickling you like another lover... that is something special" He smiled his boyish grin again. "You know what I mean, right?"
He directed the question at me, but honestly I had no idea. I shook my head, eyes downcast, suddenly more embarrassed than I had ever been in my life.
"I don't think she does," Russ intervened for me and I loved him for it, but I didn't expect him to say what he did next.
"Why don't you show us?"
The question hung in the air for a long moment, Jay and Dee shared a long look that obviously had a lot of subtext before turning to us.
"Ok," Jay said.
"No cameras," Dee said.
We both nodded, backing up by unspoken agreement to sit against the rock wall at the back of the clearing. Jay walked out to where he had left his backpack earlier and extracted from it a large, thick, picnic blanket that he spread out on the soft pine duff floor of the clearing. Damn, why hadn't I thought to bring a blanket? Dee dropped her sunglasses and a couple other small items by her bag and then with a small smile and wink of her beautiful brown eyes to me, she took off her shirt in one fluid motion and sauntered towards Jay who was standing on the blanket in the middle of the clearing.
Dee walked up and embraced Jay in a deep, passionate kiss, pulling his head down to make up for his six-foot frame. I searched with my hand till I found Russ's and then held it in a death-grip. My eyes never left the beautiful couple in front of me.
Jay reached behind Dee's back and unclasped her bra, she shrugged it off and tossed it offhand in our direction. Under her tattooed skin, muscles rippled as she pulled Jay down into a cinematic embrace. Then after giggling and standing them both back upright, Dee lifted Jay's t-shirt over his head and then without much fanfare undid his jeans and pulled them down revealing nothing underneath.
Nothing but tanned muscle and a big, uncut cock that is.
It was standing mostly to attention from a small patch of well trimmed hair. I was almost glad to see it wasn't any longer than Russ's respectable length, I knew guys could get weird about that kind of thing. But putting the length aside, Jay's cock still couldn't have been more different from Russ's. Russ was smooth and pale with a streamlined head, Jay's, now that Dee had given it a few cursory strokes, was thick and dark, with large veins running up the shaft. It's foreskin half covering a huge, fat head. After Dee had spent a few moments licking the head he drew back and both of them could now see Jay's cock in it's full glory, with a small upward curve and the foreskin now totally slid back from the bulbous head it was obviously bigger than Russ's by a bit.
Jay moved around Dee, who was on her knees, to give them a profile view. We could now get a good look at Dee's breasts, which were bigger than her small, athletic frame would have suggested. They sat full and heavy above her tight belly while she progressively took more and more of Jay's fat dick into her mouth. I felt Russ tense up next to me, I know he's got a thing for bigger boobs, not that Dee's were huge, but compared to my B-cups they were gigantic and heavenly.
After a few moments Jay gently lifted Dee's head off his cock and laid her down on the thick blanket. He spent a few minutes kissing her during which time I admired his lean, muscular frame with it's conspicuous lack of tan lines. I even got a nice look at his ass. In fact it was hard to ignore since he was on his haunches and leaned forwards with his head buried in Dee's crotch. Like the rest of him it was clean and tanned, a perfect brown button in his powerful backside. I wanted to reach out and touch him. God damned that's some good pot I thought as I picked up the pipe and lighter and took another hit before passing it to Russ.
Dee was moaning loudly as Jay went down on her, the motion of his arm making it obvious he was fingering her pussy while he was licking her clit. The motions and the moans built steadily for several minutes, during which time I felt my hand getting warm and sweaty, but mine and Russ's grip only got tighter. Just when it seemed like Dee's moans couldn't get any more intense and she was about to explode with pleasure, Jay lifted and pivoted her in an impressive display of strength and skill so that she was on her hands and knees facing us, her heavy breasts dangling behind her arms while Jay knelled behind her on the blanket.
Jay started working his hand in and out of Dee's pussy and then he dropped his head to between her butt cheeks. It took Nicole and Russ a moment to realize what he was doing, but if there was any question in their minds it was quickly squashed by the look of pleasure, of pure uncontrollable ecstasy on Dee's face. She stared at them, slack mouthed and helpless under the assault of Jay's hand and mouth. For minute after minute they watched Dee have her most private hole lashed by Jay's tongue. Eventually her eyes literally rolled back in her head as she crumpled on the blanket and lay twitching with Jay kneeling over her smiling with his cock in hand.
He turned Dee over and positioned her so we'd have a good view from where we were sitting. Then after kneeling over her and dipping the fat tip of his cock into her mouth for a moment he drew back and entered her in a pretty normal missionary position except Jay was kneeling Indian style in between Dee's legs. She moaned deeply and for just a moment met my eyes as Jay filled her with his entire length. After a few slow strokes Jay lifted Dee's legs and pinned them to her chest, pushing her up on her back and giving us a view of both of our newfound friend's assholes, one tan and clean right above one that was pink and sopping wet, as Jay started fucking Dee incredibly hard.
Maybe because of the ferocity of their coupling it didn't last long. After just a few minutes Jay pulled away with his lower body while still holding the back of Dee's head towards him with his left arm. Straddling her with his thick cock in his right hand, hanging heavily above her chest he locked eyes with her and mouthed silent words that I could not make out because they were not meant for me, then without warning his cock twitched and shot huge ropes of cum into Dee's open mouth and splattered around her lips, neck and upper chest.
I was so shocked I knocked my water bottle over and it rolled right off the edge of the clearing. It wasn't that I had never seen a facial before, I'd watched porn, more in the last year than I'd like to admit actually. So I knew some guys liked cumming on a girl's face, but this wasn't that, or at least not just that.
This was a couple who seemed madly in love with each other and respected each other but was also being really really dirty with each other and being totally confident while they did it.
This was what I wanted.
I was so lost in the moment that I didn't notice that Dee was staring straight at me, and she was licking her lips... oh god. Dee hadn't swallowed Jay's huge load, instead she was rolling it around in her mouth while she stared into my eyes. Once she was sure she had her attention, Dee daintily swallowed Jay's cum and blew Nicole a little kiss.
After a moment the spell broke and Russ ran off to get my water bottle, Jay stood at the top of the small cliff that marked the edge of the clearing and yelled advice down to Russ. I'm not sure how, but I found myself standing next to Dee, right next to Dee in fact. She was still totally naked, and I could see every tiny detail of her body. But more than that I could smell her, him, them. She reeked of wonderful sex and I was jealous.
Maybe that's why I did the most insane thing I've ever done in my entire life.
I noticed the little glob of white cum on Dee's cheek while she was still standing right next to me, without even thinking about it I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek. I sucked the little dot of Jay's cum into my mouth and was overwhelmed by the flavor, salty of course but also supper sweet, almost like precum, but more than that, it tasted dangerous and new.
"Like it?" Dee asked. The smile that said she knew exactly what I had done. "Pineapple juice. That's what makes him taste so sweet, a glass a day at least" She said as she looked at me earnestly.
"How?" I asked stupidly. Meaning how did Dee seem to have such a sensual relationship. Meaning how could I get that.
"Oh hon, what do you need?" Dee said as she pulled me into an embrace. Somehow she had seen what I meant.
"I don't know!" I practically sobbed. "That! Something new and risky."
"Mmm I'll see what I can do," she said with a quick smile as the boys, one fully clad and the other nearly naked, came back to the clearing. She walked over and had a quick chat with Jay, then came back over to me just as Russ returned with my water bottle. "Well that was fun," she said, a genuine smile on her lightly freckled face. "Your turn," she said deadpan to Russ.
"Ahh no, she wouldn't want to"
"Have you asked her"
...
The silence stretched on and on. I felt myself turning beet red while I did nothing but stare at my shoes.
"Nicole?"
"I... I don't... yes."
...
"Yes what?"
"I want that." I couldn't even say it. I was so embarrassed I wanted to run away.
"Let me help," Dee's voice cut in. "You!" she said in such an authoritative voice that my eyes snapped open, "Kneel on the blanket! Head back! Mouth Open!" She smiled as she yelled to let me know it was all in my control.
"Ok handsome, whip it out."
"I'm not sure I can."
"I'm sure you're a perfect gentleman, but that's not always what a lady wants. Now come over here." She turned to me and asked if she had permission to touch Russ in order to help her. I nodded.
"Come here big boy," she said as she grabbed Russ from behind and maneuvered him so he was standing directly in front of me. "Now I want you to hold each other's hands and not do anything else. Wait, no, you do have jobs! Russ, you need to tell me right before you're about to cum, and Nicole, every time I put my hand in front of your face like this," she held her right palm up underneath my mouth "I need you to spit into it," she nodded at me expectantly and I dutifully spat a tiny blob into her hand.
She glared at me. I hocked up a nice big wad of spit.
Now she moved completely behind Russ so that all I could see of her were her arms and hands. She deftly undid Russ's belt and yanked both his pants and boxers to the ground in one smooth motion. Russ's long, smooth, beautiful cock was staring me right in the face, but unlike normal, where I would reach out and guide him into my mouth, this time neither of us was in control.
Dee grabbed Russ's cock with the hand that I had spit into and started sliding it back and forth up and down his seven inch pole. Maybe it was just my imagination, but she seemed momentarily confused by his lack of foreskin, but if she was she didn't let it show long, "Mmmm, nice cock Russ."
"Th-th-anks," Russ stammered as Dee cupped her hand over the head of his cock and rolled it around in a deft motion that seemed to make Russ into a stammering idiot. I'd have to remember that one.
But not right now, now I had Russ's big cockhead right in front of me like I never did at home. I stared at the hole at the tip and wondered what it would look like when it came shooting out. I had never wanted to know till today but now I couldn't wait to find out. Dee worked the length of Russ's member confidently, occasionally pausing for me to spit into her palm. I could feel Russ's excitement grow through the grip he had on my hands as Dee skillfully worked him over.
"Unngh, I'm... gonna... cum," Russ stammered.
"Eye contact you two!" Dee called out loudly, but she didn't change her pace on Russ's cock.
I looked into Russ's big beautiful blue eyes just before he unloaded on my face for the first time, shooting a big rope of cum over my left cheek. I looked down in time to see the second blast emanate from the tip of his cock and shoot out into my mouth. I knew intellectually that Russ had cum this morning before the hike because we had sex in bed, plain boring sex in bed, but still he had cum so it was no surprise that his load wasn't as impressive as Jay's had been. What was surprising was the difference in taste, Jay had been sweet and salty, where Russ was more chalky. She made a mental note to buy pineapple juice on the way home tonight.
More importantly I was more turned on by my boyfriend than I had been in two years.
Right before Russ came on my face I looked over to where Jay was lounging on a rock, repacking the pipe and wearing nothing but sunglasses. He didn't seem to be paying any attention to the scene in front of him but just before Dee told us to make eye contact, he looked straight at me and smiled as Russ announced his orgasm.
And that's what made me cum.
-------------
"Oh my god that was fucking hot!" Dee exclaimed, leaning her head around Russ's shoulder while she gently milked the last drops of cum from his cock onto my upturned face. Once she seemed satisfied that she'd gotten it all out she held her glistening hand expectantly in front of my face. I didn't need her to tell me what to do, I started licking it clean which caused Dee to giggle adorably. After her hand was clean I turned my attention to Russ's softening cock, taking it in my mouth and swirling my tongue around his head to get every last drop.
Looking up into his blue eyes I saw, well I wasn't sure what. Shame? Fear? Relief? I was suddenly and painfully aware that I was kneeling in front of two perfect strangers while my boyfriend's cum dripped off my chin and splattered on my pant leg. How the fuck did I get in this position? Part of it was the pot, and the wine from lunch, But I couldn't deny that I had loved every moment of it, and even had a minor orgasm without even being touched! Russ had obviously also had an orgasm, but that didn't really mean he had enjoyed the experience.
Russ was quiet and difficult to read even on the best of days. On the surface he was never anything less than cool, calm, funny and polite. It had taken Nicole years to learn to read the subtle and sensitive nature that lay underneath his affected exterior, and it was never a sure thing. He had quickly tucked his cock back into his pants and helped me to my feet when Jay, now blessedly wearing clothing again, walked over with a washcloth he had wet from his canteen and handed it to me with a grin while clapping Russ on the back like they were old buddies. I could tell from Russ's posture that wasn't the case.
But if the mood had chilled, Dee seemed blissfully unaware. "So hot!" She practically squealed with delight. She was the only one that was less than fully dressed, in fact wearing nothing but her hiking boots and sunglasses. Given her lack of tan-lines I suspected she spent a lot of time naked outside. "I've got to go pee, come with me to the ladies room and keep me company!" she exclaimed as she grabbed my hand and led me to the far edge of the clearing.
The "ladies room" was just a jumbled pile of stones at the edge of the clearing that were slightly hidden from the main area by a pair of pines. Dee confidently walked up to a waist-high rock and, placing her right foot up on it, proceeded to release a bright golden stream that arced a decent way down the jumbled pile of stones before splattering over them. I was once again mesmerized by this young, beautiful, and extremely confident woman who had wandered into my life. Where had she come from? And how could I be like her?
I must have been totally lost in thought because Dee was looking back at me expectantly. "Sorry, what was that?" I said, blushing.
"It's OK, I'm used to my ass making people unable to hold a conversation," she said with a mischievous grin and a shake of her toned ass. "But I said, the only time I really wish I had a dick is when I'm peeing outside."
"You could get one of those little plastic thingies" I replied.
"A SheeWee? Yeah I've got one," Dee said as she fanned her crotch, still on full display, to dry the last droplets of urine from her pink folds. "Didn't bring it, pain to clean without running water. I just want a dick so I can piss on all the things. Like a dog I guess," she said with a laugh. "I guess that makes me pretty weird huh?"
I shook my head. How could I explain that I wanted to be her, be able to say things like that and not feel like a freak. Instead, all I did was lamely say "You know the guys could probably see you peeing from over there," gesturing to the clearing behind me.
Dee snorted. "One of those guys just watched me having a mind blowing orgasm while being tongue-fucked in my asshole. And the other one was the one doing the tongue-fucking, so I'm pretty sure they can see my pee-pee." Done drying herself she stepped down and leaned in close and with a grin asked "Have you tried that? Rimming I mean?"
Again I shook my head. Have my butthole licked? I could never in a million years see Russ doing that.
"Oh my god you have to try it!" Dee said, clasping my hands in hers. "It'll feel weird at first, it takes a while to get over the self consciousness of it but doing it right after getting out of the shower helps with that. And once you can let go and enjoy it, giiiiiiirl... Ugh!" She bit her lower lip as she said this and squeezed my hands tightly. "Got your phone on you? Good, let me give you my number while we're away from the boys."
Not long after Jay and Dee packed up and said their goodbyes. The boys seemed friendly, if cool to each other. I do not think they exchanged numbers.
--------------
I was so thankful that Dee gave me her number, without it I would have been totally lost. I had been unable to draw Russ out into any real conversation about what had happened on the hike that day. He would say things like "It was interesting" but nothing more before changing the subject. And worse than that, we didn't have sex much that week, and when we did it was the same boring sex as always. Our little adventure didn't seem to have really changed things. I did manage to swap our morning glasses of OJ to pineapple juice without complaint or explanation. That was my only win.
But Dee was a lifeline. At first we had just talked about little things, work and pets, weather and TV shows, slowly becoming friends. But by the midpoint of the week, still unable to draw Russ out into conversation, I turned to her for help. In a series of texts I laid out my situation with Russ, my love for him, our good but boring sex life, and as best as I could articulate it, my profound need to try new things and grow as a person.
Dee wrote back in great detail, stressing to me that this wasn't my fault (or Russ's for that matter) and how it was really just a matter of communication. She even told me that her and Jay had gone through something similar where Jay's needs in the bedroom weren't being met and the subtle hints that he was dropping were going over Dee's head. Personally I couldn't imagine the confident, sexy couple we met on the hike having any sort of communication issues, but the advice Dee passed on sounded good. It boiled down to: Stay home, have a good dinner and a bottle of wine, then when we were both totally relaxed and comfortable to let him know that we needed to have a serious talk about that aspect of our relationship. She stressed that I needed to tell the truth, with a minimum of euphemisms and jokes. "He won't know how important this is to you if you don't treat it seriously." Dee also cautioned me that things might not go smoothly, "Simply saying what the problem is out loud is the first step, but it doesn't mean you'll just get everything you want. Russ might have his own issues he'll want to talk about when you open this can of worms."
But despite the risks I decided to go ahead with the plan Dee had given me. There was just no way that I could go back to the way things were now that Dee and Jay had opened my eyes to what was possible to have in a relationship. The more I thought about it, the stranger it seemed that although I was in my mid-twenties and had had several long-term sexual relationships, I had always thought of erotic sexuality as something exotic, something for other people. Porn stars and Instagram influencers might be having wild sex with beautiful partners in stunning locations, but for normal people it was just fantasy. Something to be enjoyed only by remove, and in the small and social acceptable form of pornography.
From my chats with Dee, I now knew that overt, passionate eroticism and even downright kinky behavior didn't need to clash with a normal, loving and healthy relationship. Jay and Dee had been together longer than Russ and I had, and during that time had never cheated on each other or slept with other people even inside the bounds of their relationship. They were totally committed to each other. A big part of the reason why they had that, Dee said, was due to them being honest with each other about their fantasies and kinks. That, more than anything else, was what I wanted. I realized that I had been lying to Russ, the man I loved and lived with. And even if the lie was only one of omission it was still slowly crushing me and our relationship to death.
----------
Sunday night rolled around, for us it was a "Friday night", the end of the work week and the beginning of our "weekend". Tomorrow would be one week since the hike. I told Russ we were staying in, but nothing more than that. This wasn't unusual since a lot of our friends called it an early night on Sundays so we often stayed in.
We took our time making dinner, talking and laughing together while sharing a bottle of Cab. It was a perfect evening since it confirmed to me why this man, and the relationship we had together was worth working for, fighting for. I could do this. I could have one maybe uncomfortable and embarrassing conversation with the man I loved. This was going to be easy.
After dinner, and well into our second bottle of wine, I finally worked up the nerve to broach the subject. "Babe, I know this has been a perfect night and all, and I know this might put a bit of a damper on things, but I need to have a serious conversation with you." While I said this his face went from an easy relaxed grin, to a frown of concern for just a moment, then quickly to a look of gentle compassion and reassurance. God I love this man.
"Of course babe," Russ said as he sat up in his chair and reached across the table to take my hands gently in his.
"It's about last week. And... us." I said, suddenly unable to meet his eyes. When I did look up a moment later his face was still screwed up in a look of uncomfortable concern.
But he squeezed my hand and said "OK, let's talk about it. And Us."
Dee had advised me to make a script, or at least a list of talking points but at the time I didn't think I'd need them. Now, after three glasses of wine, I regretted my decision. But I bumbled along the best I could, explaining in my slightly inebriated way how I felt we had been in a rut sexually, how I had planned the hike as a way to try something slightly risque and new, and how the unexpected arrival of Dee and Jay had thrown my thoughts into chaos.
Russ listened quietly, a pensive look on his face while he stared alternatively at me and our hands on the table. Finally, after I had talked myself out, he said "You've never spoken about this before. I've never even heard you never join your girlfriends in jokes about sex. I always thought you were a good girl."
Now it was my turn to stare at the table "So you think I'm bad now?" Stifling the tremor in my voice. I hoped.
"No no. I didn't mean that," Russ said earnestly. "But I hope you realize how out of left-field this seems. It's like you've been hiding this from me for the last three years or something."
But I hadn't. Really it had only been this last year that things felt off, and only in the last few months had I realized that the reason why had to do with our sex life. I took a big gulp of wine to give me a moment to get my thoughts in order and then tried to explain all this to Russ. No I haven't been lying to you, I just didn't know what I wanted.
"OK, sooooo.... what do you want?" Russ asked.
"To, to be able to talk, about... our fantasies or whatever. I don't know but I can't go on keeping things from you." I practically sobbed the last part.
"Just talk about them?" Russ asked gently.
I half laughed, half sobbed. "Well maybe a bit more than that," I admitted. "But as long as I can talk to you about it without you thinking I'm dirty or something, well I think that'd be enough for now."
"How could I possibly think you're dirty?" Russ said as he squeezed my hands tightly. "Wait. You, you haven't cheated on me with anyone have you?" He asked without any warmth in his voice.
I shook my head vigorously. "No, but I've been watching a lot of porn," I admitted.
"Really?" He asked, genuinely shocked. "When?"
"In the mornings, after you leave for work." I wasn't proud of my recently acquired porn habit, not due to any sort of moral judgement about porn itself, although a lot of it was really rather tasteless, but due to my own inability to talk about it with Russ. I was hiding something from the man I loved, and that never feels good. Tears welled up and threatened to come cascading out.
"OK," Russ said, trying to steer her back to more pleasant ground, "let's talk about what's been turning you on." I looked up at him for the first time in minutes and saw he was looking at me with a warm but concerned smile, his eyes slightly reddened. "You planned the hiking trip, so obviously doing stuff outdoors. But you said you didn't plan to see anyone there right?"
"It was the most deserted, hard to get-to spot I could think of," I replied honestly.
"So you weren't intending to be seen. But you weren't turned off by doing what we did in front of them either, were you?"
I thought back to last week. I thought about kneeling in front of two strangers while one of them beat my boyfriend's cock off right in front of my face. I thought about looking over at Jay as he smiled at me right before Russ spayed his thick cum all over my face. I remembered my own tiny orgasm then and I shuddered now. "No." I said in a small voice. "Really, I don't know what I want. I had never wanted you to cum on me until I saw Jay do it to Dee. Now I can't stop thinking about it."
"Wow, um... that's a lot to process." Russ removed one of his hands from mine to take a big sip of his wine.
"Maybe, maybe you could tell me a fantasy of yours. I mean if you have any" I said nervously, hoping that this all hadn't been too much, too fast for Russ. Maybe I could show him we weren't really that different from each other, we had just been keeping our desires secret and unsaid.
Russ took another big sip of wine. Maybe I had miscalculated again. Finally after what felt like ages he said "You know what Jay did to Dee?"
"Cum on her?"
"No, before that." Russ replied. I thought back and tried to remember what exactly had happened before the climactic finish I had watched last week. The beautiful couple had been having vigorous sex, but nothing terribly out of the ordinary. Oh, I suddenly remembered what happened just before that and probably turned beet red if I wasn't already.
"He... he licked her ass?" Russ nodded. I thought about watching Jay attack Dee's butthole with his tongue while pistoning his fingers in and out of her pussy till she collapsed in a heap of twitching ecstasy and could feel my hands starting to sweat. "You... want to do that to me... or you, you want... me to do that to you?" I reeled slightly.
Russ nodded uncomfortably, eyes downcast and said "Maybe more than that, maybe... maybe even put something in my butt." His voice was barely above a whisper at this point.
"Like my finger?" I knew about the prostate gland and how some guys liked having a finger up their ass while they got a blow job, this wasn't too weird at all.
"Maybe more than that."
It took me a few moments to process what "more than that" could mean, and what the name for it was. "You want me to peg you?" I asked, probably louder than I meant to. I put my hands to my mouth, which had the unintended consequence of pulling them suddenly out of Russ's grasp. I knew that it sent the wrong signal but I couldn't help it. I had seen some Pegging videos when exploring the vast and strange world that is online porn and they really, really turned me off. They were full of women in oversized heals degrading and humiliating their effeminate male partners in every possible way before fucking them viciously with strap-on cocks. This was so far away from what I had imagined Russ might have been interested in that I was totally speechless. Russ's look soured immediately and he looked away from me.
"Forget it." He said, standing up.
"No... no" I tried to stammer something out.
"Listen I didn't tell you earlier because I didn't want to ruin things but there's a meeting at work I've got to be at tomorrow so I'll be gone for a good part of the day. I really should go to bed now."
And that's just what he did.
I eventually cried myself to sleep on the couch.
---------
I woke up with a hangover, a text message from Dee, and a dawning realization of how badly I had fucked up last night.
-Hey grl! How was last nite? Yr hunk have any hot kinks? ;) -
Ugh. I dropped my phone back on the coffee table and got up to use the bathroom and look for Russ. I never found him but there was a note on our fridge-mounted whiteboard that said "Home by five -R" I went back and collected my phone before heading to the toilet. It was 10:50 in the morning, I had slept for more than eight hours but I still felt like shit and it wasn't the wine's fault... mostly.
While peeing I debated what to text Dee, finally just opting for simple and direct since my head was still spinning and anything more was too much work.
-Pegging- I Sent. A few moments later a reply:
-OMG!!!-
My heart dropped again. Oh. My. God. If even Dee was shocked by this it couldn't be good. An irrational fear that maybe it was worse than I thought, that maybe Russ was gay or something popped into my head unbidden. A minute passed while a rush of horrible thoughts filled my head one after the other too fast to count.
-That's so awesome!!! :D - Then:
-We've got so much to talk about!!!-
I was slammed sideways by an entirely new wave of horrible emotions. Russ wasn't a freak, I was just a stuck-up judgemental bitch who humiliated him after he opened up to me at my prompting. I broke out sobbing uncontrollably.
After a few minutes my hands stopped shaking enough for me to text her back -Don't get yr hopes up. I fcked up bad-
A few minutes later: -J wants to know if u can meet us at the cafe 4 lunch?-
Then: -Our treat-
I broke out in fresh tears but told her I'd see them in an hour.
-------------
When I got to the Cafe, Dee and Jay were already there, seated at an outdoor table under the awning and well away from everyone else. Three steaming cups of coffee sat on the table in front of them. Jay noticed me first and bumped Dee's shoulder, she looked up and waved enthusiastically at me. "Got you a coffee," she yelled when I got close enough, "Don't know how you take it though" She said with a smirk on her cute face.
"Black, like my mood," I said as I dropped into the chair opposite them.
"Oh babe, I told you it might be a bit rough, but what happened?"
I proceeded to tell them about the conversation last night, how well it had gone at first, and how my reaction at Russ's confession had totally ruined things. They listened to me with compassionate attention, looking concerned but not surprised at what I had to say. This was the first time I'd seen Jay without sunglasses and was surprised to see his eyes were green-grey and totally mesmerizing.
"Mmmhmm, tried to warn you. I made the exact same mistake and tried to save you the trouble but I guess everybody's got to learn the stove's hot in their own time" Dee said, shaking her head slowly for dramatic effect.
"Boy did you ever," Jay chimed in.
"Wha... What happened to you guys?" I asked.
"When Jay finally decided to open up to me about wanting to cum on me, cum, in my mouth, all that stuff, it really shocked me. He made a joke about making me a cocktail, emphasis on the cock, and I... I blurted out that I'd rather die than drink a glass of his cum."
"What! No!" I exclaimed, horrified.
"Oh yeah she did," Jay said. "Totally floored me. I was so embarrassed."
"I knew I screwed up the moment the words came out of my mouth," Dee said in a low voice, her eyes downcast. It was the first time I had seen her less than cheerful. "And what's worse is that it wasn't even true! I had already given him a million blowjobs by that point, I always swallowed, I was a good girl!"
Upon hearing the phrase "good girl" I was again rocked with a wave of unidentified emotions. Russ had said last night he thought that I was a "good girl", but now maybe wasn't sure. I wanted to be good for him. I wanted to please him, I just wanted to please myself too. Did that make me a bad girl?
Dee continued, "I must have already swallowed gallons of his cum, another glass wouldn't have killed me, but for some stupid reason those words came out of my mouth." She sighed heavily. "Damn I still hate myself for that." Jay reached over and rubbed Dee's shoulders and neck with one hand while the other clasped her hand on the table.
"So how'd you recover?" I asked.
Dee laughed, "an immediate, sincere, and heartfelt apology. Continued conversation, and other things," Dee mimed jacking a cock off in front of her face while she said the last bit with a smile and a wink.
"We talked honestly about both my desires and her reactions to them, about how we could come together." Jay added.
"Literally!" Dee shouted with a laugh. We all broke down laughing after a moment.
"OK, how am I going to recover?" I asked, my voice quavering.
"Well," Jay said, "First off you've got to accept that there's nothing at all wrong with Russ or his fantasies."
"I Do!" I practically yelled, "I just had no idea he was into anything painful or humiliating like that." Jay and Dee turned to each other quickly and then shared a questioning look at me. I briefly described the porn videos I had seen.
"Hon, those were FemDom pegging videos, Female Domination. And not that there's anything wrong with it as long as it's between consenting adults with a safe word, but you should know it's not necessarily what Russ had in mind." Dee said gently.
"I love getting pegged, but I'm not remotely into that, either in porn or real life," Jay said, totally carefree. "But then again we're not really into Domination and Submission stuff at all really. We've got a blindfold and some wrist restraints, but we really never use them. Russ might be the same way."
I was shocked that Jay just told me he loved getting pegged. On the hike last week he had seemed so... so masculine, so in control even when he was orally pleasuring Dee that it seemed like she was his sex-puppet. I couldn't imagine the same person would submit, would be the passive, receiving partner in any way.
My look must have shown because they both broke out laughing. "Oh girl," Dee said between laughs, "You really are wound a little tight about this!"
Jay said, "When she pegs me, it's with the same kind of love and passion as when I fuck her," he smiled at Dee as he talked. "Normally I take the lead in the bedroom, but it's nice to take a break and see things more from your partner's perspective, and it honestly makes you a better lover."
"And it's hot as fuck." Dee said deadpan.
"That too," Jay responded. "Some of the most intense orgasms I've ever had were when she was pegging me."
"No no babe, it's hot as fuck for me," Dee said earnestly. "I don't care about your orgasms, I just want to get off fucking your hot, tight ass." She reached down and must have pinched his ass because he jumped in his seat as she broke out laughing. "Of course I care about your orgasms. I care about his orgasms." directing the last to me.
Jay glanced at his watch. "Listen, I've got to run, but you've got this right?" He asked Dee, she nodded back. "All under control Babe."
"Good luck! Have fun you two!" Jay said with a smile as he walked away from the table with the bill for the coffees in his hand.
"He's helping a friend move a couch, good news for us cause now we can be totally uninhibited!" Dee said with a wicked smile as she got up from her chair and grabbed my hand, "Come on, we're going shopping!"
------------
Intellectually, I knew stores like this existed, but I had no idea there was one so close by. Or that it would be as nice as it was.
"You've got the afternoon off right?" Dee asked me. "I can spend all day in here." She said as she waved to the cashier, a cute black girl around our age.
I nodded as I looked around in wonder. There were aisles and aisles of toys, books, clothing and DVD's, not that I had a DVD player mind you. "Yup, we're going to have fun here." Dee said as she saw me gawking. "Let's grab a cart, shall we?"
As we toured the store we talked more about pegging and what it meant to Dee and Jay. "It doesn't mean he's gay, not one bit." Dee said authoritatively. "The prostate is like a guys' version of a g-spot, so having it fucked hard with a big toy attached to a hot woman can be a turn-on to the straightest of straight guys. However," Dee looked over at me seriously, "It might mean he's into more than having a piece of silicone pushed up his butt."
"So... what, like Bi or something?" I asked, feeling so out of my depth.
"Sure, maybe." Dee said, looking over a rack of lingerie. "It's not some sort of binary or trinary thing. Gay, Straight, Bi, they're all just points on a compass with a million tiny degrees between them. For instance, I know Jay isn't gay," She gave me a knowing glance. "And I'm pretty sure he's not Bi..."
"Wait! You're not sure?" I asked incredulously. "I thought you two talked about everything!"
She chuckled. "Safer to say I don't think Jay thinks he's Bi, but he's never tried it so who knows? What I do know, and what he'll freely admit to you is that he's really turned on by dicks, and cum." Dee steered us down an aisle full of dildos as if for visual effect. "Does that make him Bi? I don't know. The way he explains it is that he's not attracted to traditionally masculine features, hard bodies, body hair and the like. But he has had a lot of fun playing with the only dick he's ever touched -his own- and that he might like playing with someone else's given the opportunity." She shrugged, "Honestly I think he'd rather suck a guy's dick than kiss him on the mouth."
I was left speechless by all this. Dee continued, "So just be aware that Russ could be anywhere on a spectrum of a lot of different possible kinks, you know one tiny piece of information, so don't be surprised is all."
"What else might he be into?"
Dee laughed, "No way for me to know, like those videos you saw he might be into humiliation or degradation, if he grew up in a conservative household it wouldn't be unheard of." She probably saw the look on my face because she hurried to add "But probably not. Like Jay he could just have a thing for role-swapping, ass-play, and phalluses." She laughed. "Given how quick Russ came on your face he might have a thing for that too, or like Jay, a general thing for cum."
"What's that about?" I asked, trying to keep my voice level so Dee wouldn't see that I was practically boiling with excitement at this point. I was under total overload of the senses, the racks and racks of sex toys around me, Dee's open sexual commentary, my own pent-up needs combined to a heady mix that threatened to overwhelm me.
Dee shrugged, "Stuff of life and all that, symbol of their masculine vitality, maybe they just like squirting their fluids over everything. All I know is that Jay's got a thing for cum. Cumming on me, cumming in me, having me play with his cum or lick it up after the fact, feeding him his cum..."
"What!" I interrupted.
"Sure. Not that weird at all, look it up on Pornhub."
"How?" I asked stupidly.
"Oh lots of ways, I can have him cum in my hand or mouth then I spit it into his mouth," she said with a wicked grin, "that's called Snowballing. But my favorite way is to have him cum in me when I'm riding him then as soon as he's shot his load deep in me I clench tight and swing around into a 69 or just slide up and sit on his face while he eats his cum out of my sloppy pussy."
I tripped. Full on, fell-on-my-face-tripped in the dildo aisle of the adult-toy store. Dee was bent double laughing at me and the clerk ran over to see if I was all right. I waved her off as Dee struggled to help me to my feet while also not falling over laughing. I was redder in the face than I've ever been but otherwise unharmed.
"My god girl, you're like looking at me through a time machine from three years ago! Wound up tight as can be!" Dee laughed and finished pulling me to my feet. Let's get you kitted out so you can work out your kinks and blow your boyfriend's mind."
Dee got me two bottles of lube, a three pack of curiously shaped buttplugs of ascending size "These ones are angled to hit his prostate, and have a T-handle that sits between the butcheeks and is comfy all day, trust me these are the ones you want." She said confidently. And last but not least she brought us over to the aisle that had the strap-ons. "You can get one of the basic ones that sits on your pubes and just holds a dildo," she said pointing to some harnesses. "But if you really want to enjoy it then this is the style to get." She pointed to several dildos that were vaguely L-shaped, 3-5 inches long on their short sides and 7-10 inches on their long sides. Their girth, color, and texture varied but the general idea was clear, the shorter end was meant for my pussy while the longer end would jut out like it was my cock.
"They're called strapless, but truth be told, unless you've got pussy muscles of steel, you're going to need a special type of harness to help you keep it in." She added one of these in my size to the cart and told me to pick the cock that appealed to me. I settled on a blue and purple swirled one that was about the same size as Russ, with a defined head but no attempt to make it look realistic at all. "Good choice, he's gonna love it!"
We finished our tour through the store while Dee gave me advice on how to use the new toys. "Start with a well-lubed finger, no such thing as 'too much lube' then put in the small plug. After a few minutes or a few hours go up to the next size and so on. If it hurts, go slower and use more lube or just stop for the day and pick it up later. You can use the strap on as a role-play item if he seems interested, you can have him suck on it like he's giving you a blowjob for instance." We got up to the cashier and Dee told her to put it on her account before exclaiming that she forgot one thing and running off into the store. A few moments later she returned with another pack of buttplugs, these ones also had a T-handle but were cone shaped, not angled like the other set.
"Almost forgot. These are for your ass!"
-----------
When Russ got home from work I was ready and waiting for him. I met him by the front door and fell into a quiet embrace with him without ever saying a word. I rested my head on his chest and whispered "I'm sorry."
"It's OK."
"No, it really isn't, but I'm going to make it up to you."
"You don't have to."
"But I'm going anyway." I held a finger up to his lips to silence any further protests and pulled him by the hand towards the bathroom. I let the bathrobe fall from my shoulders as we went, revealing nothing underneath. Russ kicked off his shoes and loosened his tie as we walked.
I love the shower in our apartment, more than big enough to fit the both of us, with a flexible showerhead and decent water pressure, it's one of my happy places. I finish stripping Russ once I've got the hot water running and pull him inside with me. This is all totally normal, we take showers together all the time. I go through the ritual of soaping up his lean body, and if I spend a moment longer on his anus than I normally would, it's not enough to call me on. He rinses and then performs the ritual on me and he certainly takes an extra moment to wash my holes. I suppress a shudder of pleasure and push him away with a playful grin on my face so that I can rinse off. I quickly turn off the water and pull him, still trying to towel off, into the bedroom. All this is normal, next he goes down on me.
Only this time I change the script and I push him forward ahead of me and guide him so that he's on the bed on his hands and knees facing away from me, but because there's a well positioned full length mirror in front of him I can see his face perfectly, and he can look back and see me perfectly too.
So he gets a good look as I gently rub his wet ass cheeks with my hands, pulling them apart slightly so I can get a look at him, all of him.
God how have I been with this man for three years and never seen his asshole? I take all of my boyfriend in. His tight, muscular legs leading into powerful, compact buttocks. His slim crack with a tiny dusting of his pale and fine body hair. His perfect, pink little star of an asshole, looking just as delicate as any porn star's. His heavy balls hanging just below, full and swollen looking. His long cock was mostly hidden from my view because it was so erect that it was almost pressed flat into Russ's belly, but I could see the long drip of precum hanging down and pooling on the bed sheets. I looked up over his muscular back and sandy hair to meet his eyes in the mirror.
Once I had his gaze locked in mine I slowly bent down and put my face between his cheeks. Still looking straight into his blue eyes I reached out with my tongue to gently probe his puckered butthole. It tasted clean, like our brand of soap, with a slight metallic tinge underneath, but not unpleasant. What was totally pleasant was watching Russ's eyes practically roll back in his head with pleasure. It was the exact same look of sheer abandon that I had seen on Dee's face as Jay did this to her. I continued to lick in small, gentile circles around his ass.
With my hands I gently pried his buttcheeks apart as far as I could and buried my face in his ass and licked with wild abandon. I felt Russ shake and quiver under my touch. When I reached under with one hand to smear his precum around the head of his cock he practically collapsed forward onto the bed. I had to grab him around the thigh with my other arm and keep him up and pressed against my mouth.
When I pulled back for a moment to catch my breath I noticed how his ballsack had contracted, now pulling his balls tight up the base of his cock, looking impossibly swollen and full, no way he could take much more than this. And just like that a new idea popped into my head. It was risky, pushing things further than I had planned to tonight. I was tempted to take it slow, go easy, and be careful. But I had done that for years and it had left me crushed. Everything good that had happened in the last few days had been because I had taken risks.
I turned Russ over and pushed him back onto the bed. "I need you in me now Baby!"
"Ungh, I'm really close Babe, I'm not going to last long." He said as I straddled him.
"Don't care. Need your cum in me." I breathed into his ear as I sank my sopping wet but incredibly tight pussy down onto his twitching cock. The moment my lips pressed into the base of his long shaft he grunted and pulled me down onto him even harder as his cock convulsed and sent jet after jet of hot cum into me.
After a moment he relaxed slightly and looked at me sheepishly and said "Sorry Babe, I guess you didn't have time to cum?"
"Mmm, I think you can still take care of me." I said as I pulled myself up and off Russ's cock, it slapped down heavily on his belly, covered in our collective juices. Moving swiftly I turned and placed my knees on either side of Russ's face, lowering my pussy lips to his lips while looking back into the floor mirror to see my cute ass perched above his face. As I watched, a tiny trickle of white cum started to leak from my slick pussy lips. After only a moment's hesitation Russ licked from my clit almost to my asshole, the resulting wave of pleasure caused my excited pussy to clench and a huge glob of pearly cum to smear all over Russ's lips and nose. The sight alone was enough to tip me into orgasm. I rode his face for what felt like hours, reveling in the slick, sloppy feeling of his cum, saliva, and my juices mixing together as his tongue flickered over my clit and his mouth slurped the cum out of my pussy.
I also took his cock in my mouth and sucked it perfectly clean, savoring every drop of our love.
---------
Afterwards, we lay in bed cuddling and making out like a couple of lovestruck teenagers. Eventually our attentions to each other slowed and we talked about things. I told him the truth, all of it. Even the part where I had licked a drop of Jay's cum off Dee's cheek. I told him about the texts, about my lunch earlier today, about how sorry I was about last night.
I told him how much I loved him.
He was quiet for a long time, but eventually told me he wasn't mad. Not about any of it. I kissed him and then headed to the bathroom to pee. When I returned a few minutes later he was looking at my phone.
"Sorry, you got a text from Dee. She wanted to know if we can meet up for dinner tomorrow."
"I don't know babe, how do you feel about seeing them again?"
"I already said we'd meet them at seven"
To be continued...