I sigh looking out the open window. The rain pelts down outside and shows no sign of stopping. Good.
I love the rain. It makes me horny. I inhale deeply, the scent of salt and grass mingling with my sex as I bring my wet fingers to my mouth and suck off my pussy juice.
My cunt throbs and feels empty. I stare at my dildo but it's just not enough, what I need right now is some cock. The rain drives me crazy. Whenever it rains I just need a big hard shaft in me. Nothing else will do.
I glance out the window, and that's when I see you. I love to pleasure myself in full view of the street, and every now and again someone like you gets a lucky break, a full on gymnastic performance, but not today, today I need something more than just the thought of our tongues dancing together furiously, imagining it's your hands running the length of my body, touching my breasts and tweaking my nipples until they're rock hard, begging to be sucked into a hot warm mouth and licked and flicked and bitten.
You're still staring when I return my gaze out the window, a bemused but desperate look on your face.
I notice that your arms are not in the sleeves of your rain coat, they're buried deep inside it. Are you stroking your cock while you're looking at me?
Were you close to cumming and I spoilt it for you?
I lean up on my elbows so you can see my huge full breasts, and you smile. Your cheeks flush as you realise you've been seen, but mine don't. I like to be watched, but I also like to fuck. Your coat swings open. I see your erect cock, and it's beautiful.
I lick my lips, an unconscious reaction, and I blush when I realise. You smile wide as you push your cock back in your boxers and do up your fly, beckoning me. Do you want me to come out there? I mouth at you, gesturing with my hands, and you nod, a wry smile on your face.
I sit up further so you can see the curve of my waist and arse, and you rub your cock through your trousers. Is it aching? Does it want to fuck me? I think it does.
I lean forward and peer out the window, the street is practically empty and the park across the road from me, even more so. We'll have plenty of uninterrupted time, and God, my pussy is aching.
I nod and pull back from the window as I shut it. I wonder about dressing, but it's pissing down and everything will be off again pretty quickly because I'm so damn horny, so I just grab my long red rain mac, and some red heels, and I'm out the door before I have the chance to change my mind.
You're waiting right at the entrance to the apartment building, soaked to the skin, and sexy as hell. Your eyes tell me you're just as horny as I am, they're filled with the kind of hunger you can never hope to satiate. There's a flash of recognition between us before I pull you into the hallway, just out of sight of the street, parting my mac so you can see I'm naked underneath.
Your eyes grow huge and you snarl as you tip your head down and suck my breast into your mouth. This is fucking crazy, but at this precise moment I don't even care. Your tongue flicks hard against my nipple and your teeth join it gently, teasingly. I think I might cum just from that, but I clench my pussy to stop it. You must feel me tense because you smile.
"You like that?" you whisper, and I nod, a low moan emitting from my mouth when I part my lips to speak. I don't have time to answer because I feel your hands creep over my stomach and down to that aching spot between my legs, that trembling hole that needs to be filled so desperately with whatever you want to put in it.
There's a tentative finger against my clit, my legs tremble and I have trouble staying standing as you begin to rub it, gently at first in long slow strokes, dipping just inside my pussy as you rock it back and forth in a consistent rhythm.
God that's so good.
Then I feel your fingers inside me, hooking forwards at the entrance to find my g-spot, and they're just the right length, like they were made to fuck me like this, and as your palm finds its way onto my clit I can't control my legs and have to grab hold of your hair and shoulder to keep standing as I arch into your hand, and you fuck me with it deep and hard.
"That... is so fine," I mumble into your ear as I lean forward, trying to keep my balance, and I try to hold back but I'm just too horny right now. I arch against the wall and groan long and hard as my pussy clenches around your fingers before I cum. My orgasm so hard and powerful, my legs give way and you have to grab me around the arse to stop me from falling.
Pushing me back against the wall, you get on your knees and lap at my pussy. It's way too intense. I try to push you back but you don't stop, burying your face in-between my thighs and lapping every bit of juice like you're trying to eat me.
My fingers are rough in your hair, and I tug you relentlessly as I try to writhe away. You don't budge and if I thought your fingers were good, they had nothing on your tongue, that long insistent stroke that you use, forcing me to buck against your face. You really are very good at this, but I want to pleasure you now, it seems only fair.
I pull your head back forcefully, stroking your cheek after, as way of apology. You look disappointed until I pull you up to my mouth and kiss you hard, all the while unzipping your fly and prying your cock out of your boxers. The taste of me is ripe on your lips, and I bite them gently as I kiss you.
You cock falls free, rock hard and rubbing against my thighs. Are you covering yourself in the juice dripping from between my legs? You nudge against my clit and let out a sigh as you kiss me. I bet you want to be in that dripping wet cunt? I bet you want to feel how tight and hot it is as you slip your cock in there?
All in good time.
I pull you towards me and then push you against the wall before you have time to protest, unbuttoning your shirt slowly. You groan as you lean your head back. I'm torturing you right now and I know it, but it will be worth it.
I kiss you hard on the mouth before pulling away and running my tongue across your chest. I circle your nipple and watch your hands tense into fists against the wall. Pulling it hard in my mouth, I bite it gently. The sound you make gets me so wet I do it again and again. Licking and teasing and then biting, this time with more force.
You knuckles are white as your whole body tenses. Enough teasing I think. I work my way down across your abs, sweeping my tongue back and forwards until I reach your cock, jutting hard from your body.
I take the tip into my mouth, running my tongue across the top and gently nudging your foreskin down so I don't hurt you. Once your proud head is fully exposed I tease you gently, licking in long strokes over the top and then down the shaft, over the top and then down the shaft. Your groans get louder.
I warn you with my eyes glancing to the entrance way to number 1. You're fazed for a moment until you work it out and clamp your lips shut. Still working the tip I feel your hand on the back of my head. You want me to suck it deep now I'm guessing? Your hands grip my hair and gently push my mouth further down your shaft. I don't fight you, I want to suck you deep, feel the whole of your huge cock in my throat. You're probably big enough to make me gag completely but I try to relax as best I can as I take you all in and then suck with everything I have in me.
I move back and forth, slowly at first, long deep sucks, wet lips and tongue teasing the head as I pull you out completely before swallowing you again. My pussy is dripping thinking of this huge beast inside me. You grip my hair as you watch me sucking your cock, your hips arching off the wall to meet me at each stroke.
I reach up my hand and cup your balls, raking my fingernails over and massaging them, and I think you're going to cum right then but you hold my head still for a moment to regain composure. I'm guessing you liked that a lot?
I move my hand to your shaft and work it while I suck and lick the head.
"That is so fucking hot," you blurt out.
I hear the internal lock to number one click and I freeze. The door handle turns and I stand abruptly, pushing your cock back into your coat and closing mine in one swift movement.
"Morning Mrs. James," I smile sweetly.
She shuffles into the hallway. Fuck, she's getting her post. I don't have time for this shit.
I grab your hand and pull you towards the exit, slamming the door behind us. We're both giggling as we run across the street, you trying to hold up your trousers and keep your cock contained beneath your mac, and me trying to balance in these stupid heels, with legs that you've turned to jelly with your skilful tongue and hands.
The park's empty, aside from an old gent walking his dog. He doesn't look like he'd mind a show but I don't fancy getting arrested today so I push you backwards towards the trees and we duck inside. You try to stop me, but I don't let you, tugging you harder and deeper into the thicket.
You stop.
"Not here." I shake my head.
I reach the spot I was heading for, an opening in the centre, the rain is still pounding. You hesitate in the treeline.
"I want you to fuck me in the rain," I demand, and your smile is wicked. You look pretty game for anything right now.
Glancing about, I'm nervous as I remove my mac standing in front of you completely naked, but no other idiots are going to be out here in this weather, I don't think we need to worry about it, and you seem to come to the same conclusion because you're out of your coat and shirt, and yanking down your trousers, quicker than I could have done it. I thought I was horny, but I guess I left you a bit blue-balled, and as you take off your boxers my suspicions are confirmed.
You look unsure of what to do with your shoes as you look at them and then at me. I shrug, I kept mine on. You laugh. I think you decided to keep yours on too. I'm pleased, they'll probably give you a better grip for that ripe fucking you're going to give me.
I go to kneel in front of you but you shake your head. I'm confused, don't you want me to suck you some more? You pull me to you and kiss me hard. I feel your cock against my stomach and push into it, twisting to give you some sensation, and you yell harder than you did inside, it's animalistic and it makes me drip. Your hands are in my hair as you kiss me, and then they snake down my back, smacking my arse hard, before you grab it with both hands and ease me off the floor.
I cling around your neck and use my thighs to grip around your waist. You're really strong. I can feel the tight muscles of your arms against my waist. I admire your confidence. I think we're going to have to lean against something eventually, but that doesn't stop you. You nudge against my clit with your hard cock and I feel ripples tingling from my pussy right up to my head.
Your eyes question mine. Are you wondering if I'm still okay with this, or are you just savouring the moment?
I arch up and slide myself onto your cock. It's so big it actually hurts at first but you're gentle taking it slowly until I stretch to accommodate you.
I grip hard with my thighs, my arms tight around your back as you fill me, but it's slow and steady and the rhythm feels so good. We're both soaking wet, our kisses deep and hard, tasting the salt of each other's tongues mixed with the heady rain.
Our bodies slip and slide but it only makes it more fun.
"mmmmm," I moan right in your ear.
You close your eyes and work against me still slow and steady, holding me tight around the arse, but I feel your need to work me harder, each thrust more urgent than the last and your face tight with tension.
You stumble with me still clamped around your waist and your cock still buried deep inside my hot, dripping pussy. The angle of your movement brushing your pelvis against my clit is driving me nuts, but it's too hard for us to move like this and reluctantly you signal for me to release your waist, which I do, and you let me down.
I glance about. A fallen tree looks the perfect height. I move towards it and bend over, spreading my legs wide to offer you my pussy to do with as you will. You tease me with the head of your cock, rubbing it against my arse and then in sweeping movements to my clit and back again before you take me by surprise and ram it into me all the way to the hilt.
I gasp as you pull back on my hips so you can drive yourself into me as deep as you can get and there's nothing slow and steady about this now. This is a seriously hard and deep fucking. The bark of the tree scratches my skin and causes pain, but I like it combined with the ramming of your cock against me and your hands tight on my hips, pulling me back with each desperate thrust, faster and harder.
Still you seem to need to be deeper as you reach forwards and grab my shoulders, pulling me back into you, and I clamp my throbbing pussy around your cock to increase our pleasure.
I feel you're close and so am I, reaching down I stroke my clit in long steady strokes, just how I like it. I can barely keep my hands in place, as you're banging me so hard I think you might break me, but it feels amazing to have you buried deep into my dripping, hot pussy.
The feel of the rain on my skin and in my mouth, the bark of the tree scratching against the front of my hips, my hand on my clit working feverishly now as I'm close, and I can tell by your moans that you are too. Our sounds are guttural, unconscious, and I let out a cry as I cum hard on your cock, my whole body exploding with sensation, pulses gliding from my core to my toes, and my limbs shaking.
"Fuck," you moan as you pull back hard, stop, and then pull back on me again, and I feel your cock tighten before you shoot your hot spunk into me, your nails digging into my arse cheeks. I look back to watch your face. It's so hot to see how I've made you feel as you cum inside me, your body still shuddering with release as you pull back and wipe the rain from your face.
I'm barely able to stand from the force of the fucking, but I manage to stumble to my coat and put it on as you get dressed. I feel the hot slick of your spunk running down my thighs as we push back through the thicket and out towards the road. It makes me giggle, and I lick my lips like a cat that's had all the cream it can handle.
We reach my door and you smile before walking away. Turning back you say, "You know we're going to get caught doing that one of these rainy days."
"Yeah but it will be worth it." I reply.
©KittyvonKlass