"Joe - take - it - off!" she said as her eyes slowly wandered down to my bulge. She had maneuvered me here, and she was going to enjoy it. I looked at her and she met my eyes and gave me a deliciously wicked smile.
"Come on, everyone. Let's give Joe some encouragement," she cried out in a loud voice. The people in the room began to clap and whistle. Just then the music began to increase in tempo, and the volume grew. So did the bulge in my pants. It was pretty obvious here that I was sporting a semi-hard cock, and I could tell that it had taken a mind of its own and was going to go full guns soon.
So here I was, center of attention at the local equivalent of the strip-for-charity event I had reluctantly agreed to. I was totally out of place here, and I felt silly, but hey - I was a single guy in a room of wealthy babes who were giving money to the local fire department. So, what the hell.
I glanced around the room. There were about twenty-five people in the hotel conference room. I was standing on a small round dias in the middle, and some tables and chairs were scattered all around me. Theater in the round as it were - male stripper style.
My pants were tight, and my bare chest was slightly covered in a vest. No shoes, so I guess that if I ran for it I wouldn't get far. But of course I had agreed to do this - so running away was not really much of an option. Still, for a minute it crossed my mind, just tear the hell out of the room, into the plush lobby of the hotel, with my stripper outfit and a rapidly growing hard on. "Pardon me, could you call me an Uber? And take me to a shoe store?" Um, no. I was here and I was going to fulfil my end of the bargain.
The clapping began to join the rhythm of the pulsing music. Was it getting hot in here?
I gathered my courage and brought my hands up to the vest. I felt silly wearing only a leather vest - how very cliche. A squeal of delight came from a few women in the audience. I looked up in surprise and saw a delightful blonde in a very tight pink dress. She was clapping and cheering and her boobs were bouncing, giving the top of her dress a challenge to keep those jugs under wraps.
Looking around I began to sway back and forth to the beat. The room was filled mostly with women. Like a bachelorette party of some sort. Or at least partly - because some of the room were couples. Men and women seated at small tables piled up with bottles and glasses. Clearly they were all feeling pretty good from the amount of alcohol scattered across the tables.
It felt weird to be the center of attention. And, I had to be perfectly honest, it felt good.
I continued to sway, then I slowly began to turn to see the rest of the crowd. Most tables were couples, or just women. The tables were arranged all around the raised round platform which I was on. They were all looking at me. I felt the audience encouraging me to go on with the act - hell, we were all adults here just having fun, right? No one really expected more than a simple bump and grind.
Sliding my hands down on the vest, I focused on a steamy brunette at a table in the front - right next to the stage. She was sipping on a drink through a pink straw, and smiling with tight eyes at my body.
I gave her a smile, and began to run my hands over my abdomen and up to my chest. She met my gaze and smiled as she whooped with delight. I spread apart the vest, giving her a full look at my chest.
Now, I had never seen a male stripper before so I had no idea what to do to seem sexy. But a deal is a deal, and I was committed at this stage, so I slid the vest off my shoulders, feeling the excitement in the room grow as I slid the vest halfway down my back, until it was held up only by my elbows.
I continued to turn around giving everyone a look at my chest. Everyone was smiling, and cheering me on, daring me to take off the vest. Even the guys were into it, caught up in the excitement of the room, clearly enjoying the sexual energy that the girls were giving off. Definitely getting hot in here.
I dropped my arms and the vest slid down. I caught it in one hand before it hit the floor, and I looked directly at the brunette. She was smiling and was leaning forward sipping her cocktail. I held the vest out to her and the room erupted with a cheer of encouragement. She glanced at the guy beside her. I met his eyes with an innocent smile and he smiled back at me. I wasn't sure if he was encouraging me to hit on his girlfriend, or if he was hitting on me - and right then I wasn't sure if I cared one way or the other. It just felt good.
Holding out the vest, I pointed at her and more cheers came from the small crowd. She blushed and then stood up to more applause. I beckoned for her to come to me, and she took a step to the edge of the small stage. I walked over to her and held the vest up above her hands.
Since I was on a raised platform, my crotch was right in front of her. She was in a tiny black top with small straps and some fringes - sort of a modern flapper style top. Her perky tits looked wonderful as she swayed back and forth to the music reaching up for the vest. I held it higher forcing her to step even closer.
Now her face was only inches away from my body, and I slowly leaned forward holding the vest in both hands - stretched out behind her as I lowered my arms. She was looking up and back, arcing her back so that her tits were pushed against her blouse in a very sexy pose. The crowd loved it and I continued to bring the vest lower behind her - just out of reach.
She glanced up at me - fully aware that her tits were directly in my line of sight and that her face was dangerously close to my manhood. She smiled and I pulled the vest around the back of her head creating a shield from the crowd. She couldn't see anyone except me now, and the audience couldn't see her face. She looked me in the eyes and licked her lips as she moved her hands forwarward from reaching for the vest behind her - arms above her head. Her hands landed on my chest and the room exploded in cheers. She slowly rubbed my chest as we kept our eyes locked.
The view to the rest of the room was only her hands reaching out above the vest - with me bent over slightly and her face concealed with the cloth. I knew their imagination was running wild with mental pictures of her sucking on my cock. But in reality she just kept smiling up at me and rubbing my chest.
Then I broke eye contact, and looked up at the tables. I saw her boyfriend smiling at me. I noticed he had one hand below the table, and I gave him a knowing smile. I imagined him rubbing his cock through his pants as he watched his girlfriend apparently sucking on my dick. We both smiled, and I felt my cock grow harder.
Looking further, I saw a variety of smiles and scenes of people alternately staring at the scene and whispering to each other. This was beginning to be fun, doing a bit of slight of hand for the crowd.
Finally I raised up and let the vest fall to one hand uncovering the girls head. She moved her hands from my chest and wrapped them around to my lower back, then she smiled at me and slid her hands to my ass.
I gave a startled look at her in mock surprise, and the room went wild. She clinched my butt and drew me to her face, turning her head at the last second and leaning her head aside the front of my pants.
Holding the vest to her I began to back away slowly and she took the vest as a prize , much to the delight of the crowd. She gave me another knee weakening smile and backed away to her chair. I held up my hands and turned around to the rest of the audience, gesturing to the girl and soliciting cheers for her courage.
So now the only thing I had on was a pair of tight black pants. There were clingy, shiny and tight, clearly defining the bulge of my cock as it rode to the side, outlined in the spotlights shining on the stage.
I was mostly naked in other words. It felt amazing. I felt sexy, and powerful and in control, and more than just a little scared of what I might do next.
(*)(*)
"That was amazing," she whispered in my ear as she ran her hand along my bare back. "I knew you firemen were sexy, but wow!" Sheila said. She was the organizer of the event, and was complimenting me on the performance. I was embarrassed and pleased at the same time. Evidently we were about 70% of our goal, and the night had not even finished yet. "I suspect that Mrs. Smith in the pink will give us what we need to top it out," she said as she slid a vodka-tonic into my hands and kissed me on the cheek.
I glanced across the room at Mrs. Smith, who was even more energetic now - completely whooping it up at the new guy on the stage and practically falling our of her top.
"I would suspect that you are correct," I said with a raise of my glass. "I hope I did alright. I had no idea how far to go or what everyone was expecting."
"Honey," she purred, "you were exactly what they expected - and then some!" She slid her hand lower down my bare back and scratched me lightly with her fingernails.
I looked at the crowd again, and noticed my friendly brunette was looking back at me over her shoulder. She winked at me, and smiled a somewhat ambiguous smile - I wasn't sure exactly what she was signaling. But, I knew that she was smoking hot and that I was interested in anything she had in mind.
Sheila saw our exchange, and gave me a slight push in the back, "You have fans, Joe. Go meet them," she said with a harder push.
My drink in hand, I wandered over to the table where the brunette was seated with her boyfriend. I was still dressed in my skin-tight shiny black pants, and no shirt. Sheila had instructed us to go sans-shirts for the remainder of the event, hoping this would result in higher bids for the charity.
I was only one of five on the stage that night - and I was the first. The others were undoubtedly better at it than I was I had no doubt. But also I knew that the last guy was a professional brought in just for the night. All the rest of us were volunteers - just hoping to raise money for the fire station.
"Thank you for helping me out earlier," I said to the brunette.
"Wow, you did great," her boyfriend exclaimed as he rose to shake my hand.
"Happy to be a part of the show," she answered with a coy smile.
"Please, join us," invited the boyfriend motioning to the seat he just vacated. He pulled another chair along side and so I sat between the couple.
Our conversation flowed easily for a while, discussing my work as a fireman, and his job (investments) and her career as a relator. They were clearly enjoying the evening, and he would occasionally raise his arm to signal for another round of drinks. I was pretty buzzed by now, and every time she spoke to me I got lost in her eyes.
Her name was Sara. She was originally from out of state, but had lived in our town for about two years. His name was Dan, and he grew up in the town, working at his fathers investment firm.
By this time, the fourth stripper was on stage.
"Joe," Dan said, "you sure seemed like you knew the moves up there. You have done this before?"
"First time," I said sipping on my drink.
His eyebrows shot up in surprise, "Sara, could you tell it was his first time?"
She pierced me with her eyes, "I could tell. You seemed to be unsure of what to do, and how to do it."
"So, is that why you helped me out? To rescue me?" I asked.
"Partly," she acknowledged. "But also because you just looked like you were having fun. So I wanted to join in," she smiled. "Also, I find you very attractive."
As she said this, her hand slid under the table and squeezed my leg. This was of course hidden from Dan who was on my left. I acted as naturally as I could, but I'm sure my blushing was evident - even in the dim room.
Dan leaned over and whispered in my ear, "She thinks you are hot!"
"But these guys are much more in shape and better looking than I am," I stammered.
"I think it is the lost puppy look that turns her on," Dan said in a stage whisper so she could hear it too.
"And I like the look of your package," She said in a fake Russian accent. "Da, is very manly, no?"
We all laughed, but I could tell by her hand sliding up my leg that it wasn't all in jest.
(*)(*)
The climax of the evening was the professional stripper. By now the goal for the fund-raising has already exceeded 100%, and we were hoping to break a new record.
When the guy came on the stage he was all moves. He was perfectly in step to the pulsing music and began to strip off his clothes, tossing his bow tie, shirt, and belt into the audience.
I watched, not really paying him much attention, but totally tensed as Sara's hand slowly worked up my leg to just rest below my cock. I knew that I was getting hard, and soon the cock would grow - under her hand. That was okay with me.
He turned his back to us as he worked the other side of the room. Suddenly he grabbed the waist of the pants and pulled them completely off in a quick move. They were velcro seam pants of course, and they just disappeared off his tight body in about a second. The whole room erupted in cheers, and I found myself yelling encouragement as well.
By now I felt her hand directly on my cock, gently squeezing me and rubbing my dick.
The stripper was only wearing a shiny silver bikini and his ass was toward us as he danced. Her hand began to stroke my cock through my tight pants.
Then he spun around and walked over to our side. His cock was clearly outlined in the metallic fabric which showed off all the veins in his enormous dick which was semi-hard and still in the down position.
By now my cock was straining against the slick fabric of my pants. Her hand was stroking me on top of the pants, and it felt amazing.
"She is good, isn't she," whispered Dan into my ear as he leaned over.
I was stunned, having thought that the table cloth was hiding her hand, but of course he had already noticed. I looked at him in surprise.
"Relax," he whispered. "We occasionally like to expand our horizons. Sort of branch out if you know what I mean."
I really did not know what he meant exactly, but I was game with anything. They were both very attractive, and it felt good to be wanted.
"Well, then expand away," I said looking at him. He just smiled, making me feel very comfortable, and at the same time left me wondering exactly what he had in mind.
(*)(*)
"Help yourself to the bar," called Dan as we entered into the plush hotel suite the couple was staying in.
"I'm going to go change," announced Sara.
"Me too," said Dan as they both went into the bedroom.
I wandered to the little fridge and opened a bottle of vodka, and poured it over rocks with a splash of tonic water. I then wandered out onto the balcony which gave a stunning view of the river. A few barges were drifting past, and the water looked calm.
A person could get used to this, I thought.
By this time I had put my shirt back on before we left the ballroom. So I was just a bit chilly in the evening air. The skin tight pants were still on - they were actually comfortable because of the stretch, and I liked the sexy feel of the fabric against my cock which had stayed semi-hard for the whole trip up the elevator to the room.
Dan came out onto the balcony, wearing a pair of loose shorts and a long sleeve pullover. "So, Joe," he said as he sat down facing me, "I want to ask you a question."
"Fire away," I said with a smile. This should be interesting.
"Have you ever done any modeling?"
"No," I said in surprise. That was not what I was expecting.
"Do you want to?" he asked.
"Well, I guess I would. But, I'm not sure I'd be a good subject."
"Oh, I think you have what it takes," Dan said with a knowing smile.
"Exactly what did you have in mind?"
"Well, I dabble in photography from time to time," he said looking closely at me to gauge my reaction. "Some might say erotic photography is my specality."
"That is a pretty cool hobby," I said. My expression didn't change, and I tried to keep my focus, but my mind was whirling a mile a minute. What was he trying to ask me to do?
"The nature of what I do is pretty touchy," he grinned at the double entendre. "Most people enjoy erotic photos, but no one wants to talk about them. You'd be amazed though at just how many people in this town want their pictures taken - both men and women."
"Really?" I asked. This small town seemed to have more going on than I had imagined.
"Oh yes," he said pulling out his phone. "Here, let me show you a few."
He began to scroll through several photos. Wow, they were incredible. Sexy women and well hung men flashed by on screen after screen. One thing I noticed was that none of the photos showed the faces. They were either turned away from the camera, or the shot was focused on their body and excluded the face. But they were clearly some professional photos.
"These are amazing," I said. I was really entranced by the pictures, and I felt myself getting hard just looking at these amazing people on the screen. Every one was so elegant, yet dripping with eroticism. It was really turning me on.
"So, would you like to model for me?" Dan asked looking up from his phone.
I suspected this was what he had in mind. "Well, I'd want to know more," I said cautiously.
"Simple rules - you don't do anything you are uncomfortable with. Second, you get total control of what pictures are deleted, and what are kept. Third, I won't publish any photos without your consent, and you get paid for any that are published," he said all this in a practiced manner, which I knew he had done before.
"So I get paid for this?"
"Of course. But we will pay you more if it goes beyond softcore," he said.
"You mean like sex?" I wasn't sure where we were going.
"No, not direct sex - just sort of softcore stuff. Rubbing tits and cocks and maybe some oral action."
"With who?" I asked, hoping that I already knew the answer.
"With me," came Sara's voice behind me. I turned and she was wearing a negligee - all black, fastened with a small belt at her waist. Underneath was an amazing low cut teddy number with straps and just enough cloth to make my imagination go into overdrive. Wow.
"What do you say, Joe?"
(*)(*)
Since this was my first time to do nude modeling, I was pretty nervous. I was also VERY excited at the prospect of getting frisky with Sara. Probably I was more afraid that I'd be too excited, and shoot my load at the first touch.
It became obvious to me that the couple had already planned to do a photo shoot in the room, I was simply a bonus. They probably had planned originally to do it with only Sara, but after seeing me they figured what the hell?
Sara asked me to take a shower, and to wash off the sweat from my earlier performance, which I was happy to do. I admit it was hard not to give my rod a few strokes while lathering up, but I made myself be patient - better things were to come.
When I came out Dan had already set up lights in the corners of the room, with the couch pulled out a few feet from the wall. Sara was breathtaking, waiting for me in a relaxed pose on the sofa, her long legs stretched out and her fantastic body on display under the sheer fabric. The lights left very little to the imagination.
I was wearing a pair of tight bikini briefs Dan had selected for me. And nothing else. I definitely felt exposed and underdressed. But what the hell, right?
"Joe, why don't you start behind the couch?" Dan instructed. I walked over to the couch, feeling Sara's eyes on my bulging cock as I crossed in front of her. I tried to be cool - but how the fuck do you act cool when wearing only a postage size piece of fabric?
She reached out as I crossed, and took hold of my hand. I looked down into her green eyes as she smiled at me, and suddenly it was all better. She seemed to say to me that it was good, and this was going to be fun, and I believed her.
So I went behind the couch and just stood looking down at her amazing body as she looked up at me. Dan began to snap photos, the lights flashing as he wandered around getting various shots.
Sara was looking up at me, and I reached down to take her hand. She held onto me as she moved the other hand up her side - facing the camera. She moaned slightly as she cupped her right breast and I could feel my erection getting larger. Then she lightly let go of my hand and moved it up to my chest. I involuntarily arched my back, presenting my cock to her.
Slowly she moved her hand down to my briefs. Dan moved directly beside my hips as she took just one finger and lightly ran it down my cock in the tight bikini. I moaned as the sensation hit me.
I leaned over to cup her firm breast as she continued to run her hand over my cock head. Then she spun around on her knees and faced me over the back of the sofa. She looked up at me, and said, "I've wanted to do this all night."
Slowly she pulled down the skimpy bikini briefs, and my cock sprang up finally out from the bindings. I don't know if it was for the camera, or for me, but she let out a little gasp of surprise when she saw my full dick for the first time. She took me in her hands and slowly began to pump it up and down.
Dan was just inches away now, clicking away. I hardly noticed him as she gave me a slow sensuous hand job. But I could not help notice that my cock was center of attention in the room. It felt very erotic.
She leaned over and began to tease the tip of my dick with her wet lips and gentle tongue. She looked up and made eye contact with me as she slid my cock into her warm mouth. Wow - she was amazing! I felt every inch of my penis tingle with pleasure as she slowly slid it all the way in her mouth, maintaining eye contact the whole time.
Dan shifted position to stand right behind me. He tried to shoot over my shoulder, but could not quite reach it. So he jumped onto the back of the couch and leaned out, shooting down on Sara as she slid my cock in and out of her mouth. I could see the back of the camera, and the pictures were incredible. He continued to lean down further to get a better shot of the action. Now he was blocking me from seeing her take me into her mouth, so I just tilted my head back and enjoyed the sensation.
I was being given a blowjob by a gorgeous woman while her husband was inches away from my penis, in her wet mouth, and he was taking erotic pictures of the whole scene! Incredibly, I got even more excited as I allowed my mind to wander...
I wondered what it was like for Dan to look at our photos, recalling just how very real it was at the moment. Did it make him excited? Did he get hard looking at my cock in Sara's mouth?
Her tongue was swirling and her hands were pumping, but I could not see her through Dan's head and camera in the way. He was hovering just inches from the action, and I was trying to keep cool, as I could feel the cum begin to build in my cock.
As he pulled back, Sara began to really go to town on my throbbing dick. "I want you to cum all over me," she moaned as she slurped, pumped, and stroked my cock. She shifted down to her knees to grab me and thrust me inside her wet mouth over, and over and over again.
Dan was only inches away, shooting all the precum and wetness as she continued to deep-throat me with intensity.
Aware that I was getting very close to the edge - Dan whispered, "He's gonna cum," and Sara immediately leaned back and stroked my hard-on even faster - aiming for her face.
I've never cum on a girl's face before, so this was not just new, it was very exciting! She was nuzzling the tip of my dick and moaning as Dan shot frame after frame of my penis in her hands as she built up the cum to the top.
Then the dam burst and I was spraying cum all over. Spurt after spurt came out of my throbbing dick and I shot the largest load of my life right there on camera. Most of it missed her beautiful face, but only because it shot over her, some landing in her hair, some on the couch and some on Dan and his camera.
My knees felt suddenly weak and I had to sit down on the couch. Sara pulled herself up to my side, her warm hand slowly caressing my deflating penis.
After tonight, I had so many good memories I was certain I could instantly call up an erotic image to make me smile. And I was smiling as I drifted off to sleep.
(*)(*)