Dinner was nice. We hadn't done the date-night dress-up thing in a while. Debbie was wearing a sexy sun dress, about mid-thigh length, with spaghetti straps, and an open back. The matching heels and short dress really showed off her beautiful toned and tan legs. Walking behind her was a real treat, not only because of the view of her great legs in that short dress, but also for the way her long, blonde hair fell against her bare, tan back. I felt like a lucky guy, and I enjoyed the attention she had been drawing all evening, especially from our young waiter. He seemed really disappointed to see us, or rather her, leave.
I held the door to the van open as she slid into the passenger seat, and I got a nicer view of even more leg as she twisted into the seat. I noticed that her toe nails were painted the same color pink as her stiletto heels and dress. She gave me a naughty wink, and smile as I closed the door. I could tell the wine she had had with dinner was having an effect. Wine always loosened her up and made her horny. I was looking forward to getting home.
I hopped into the driver's seat and got onto the highway. Debbie cranked the radio up. Def Leppard's "Pour Some Sugar On Me" was blasting from the speakers. Now I knew for sure the wine was having an effect on her as she started swaying and singing along in her seat. She dropped the seat back down a couple of notches and put her feet up on the dash, something she does fairly often, but she's not usually wearing a short sun dress and high heels. The outfit made a usual position look anything but usual. Her long, tone legs and those pink stiletto heels looked hot, hot, hot. It didn't hurt that with her feet up on the dash, the dress slid further up her thighs revealing even more leg. She crossed her legs at her ankles and bounced her feet in time with the radio.
It was Summer, so the sun was still shining brightly even though it was a little after nine in the evening. I had a great view of Debbie's legs, and I quickly realized that pretty much everybody driving past had the same view. Debbie had her head back on the seat with her hands over her head, eyes closed, and was still moving to the music, oblivious to any glances from me or anyone else. It was then that a guy in a pickup truck came up from behind me in the lane to our right, moving pretty quickly, but then slowing down as he came up alongside Debbie's window. He paced me then, keeping his window just a little behind the passenger window of our van. I knew he was positioned to get the best view of Debbie's legs from that spot, kind of looking down them from slightly behind and above her.
Debbie must have felt eyes on her because she opened her eyes to look at me. I smiled at her, and she turned her head to look out the rear side window where her head was laying on the reclined passenger seat. She noticed pickup truck guy staring and immediately grabbed her dress with both hands and pulled it down closer to her knees to cover more of her legs in a self-conscious and a little embarrassed way. Pickup truck guy pulled up a little to be directly across from her window, looked right at me, and gave a "thumb's up". He then sped up, and took the exit just ahead.
"I think he liked your legs," I said to Debbie as she put her hands back over her head and closed her eyes, dress slowly sliding back up her slim thighs.
"You think?" she opened her eyes to look at me and smiled mischievously.
It wasn't long before a blue SUV came up alongside and did a repeat performance of the sudden slowing down thing when they noticed Debbie in the passenger seat. This time it was a group of three younger guys, twenty-somethings I'd say, driver grinning ear-to-ear and stealing glances our way. The passenger leaned forward and over toward the driver to get a better look, and then turned to the rear of the SUV, saying something as he did so. A head then popped forward from the back seat to get a better look out the driver's window.
"I think you have a bigger audience this time," I said to Debbie who was still laying back with her eyes closed. She opened her eyes and turned her head to the right to look out the window.
She laughed a little and said, "They look like kids."
Even from where I was sitting, I could see the driver's face turn a little red when we made eye contact. He looked away, and then back, and I gave him an approving nod which seemed to put him at ease as he smiled and his eyes moved back to my wife's legs.
Debbie was watching now, and I'm sure she saw that whole silent exchange. She uncrossed her ankles, lifted her left knee, and placed her left foot on the front of the dash. This caused her dress to fall even farther up her legs, just barely covering her crotch from what I could see, and revealed pretty much all of her inner left thigh to the boys in the SUV. With her right leg still straight, her left knee held high, her sexy stiletto heel on the dash, and pretty much all of her legs exposed, she looked sexy as hell from where I was sitting, and I'm sure the view from the other side was even better. Debbie's eyes were on the guys in the SUV, and she seemed to be enjoying their attention.
The guys in the SUV pretty much confirmed my suspicions about their view being great with their reactions. They were all bouncing up and down, with big, silly grins on their faces, and talking to each other a mile a minute. Debbie grabbed her left ankle with her left hand, and slowly slid her hand up her calf to her knee. She stopped there, and made little circles on the front of her knee with her middle finger. Damn, that looked hot. I had to keep reminding myself to watch the road. I looked hard at the SUV driver to get his attention, and when I did, I pointed at my eyes with the first two fingers of my left hand, then pointed at the road, and mouthed "Watch the road". He nodded quickly, and looked forward. Poor kid, I was starting to feel sorry for him. His buddies' eyes were glued to Debbie's bare legs, but he had to switch back and forth from road to babe and back again.
I could tell Debbie was enjoying teasing these guys. She cupped her left knee with her left hand and then slowly slid her hand down the inside of her left leg, pushing her dress up the last couple of inches to stop with her left thumb resting against her crotch. I couldn't really tell from where I was sitting, since her left leg was blocking my view, but from the open mouths in the SUV I'm pretty sure they could see my wife's crotch at that point.
Debbie moved her left hand slowly up and down, rubbing her inner thigh and letting her thumb rub against her moistening crotch. She dropped her right hand from above her head and ran her fingers lightly along the top of her dress from her shoulder, following the thin spaghetti strap, across the top of her right breast, over to her cleavage, and then down between her breasts and slowly back again.
The guys in the SUV suddenly honked their horn twice. I had been so mesmerized by Debbie's performance that I'd stopped looking at them. The horn snapped me out of my trance. I looked over and they were all smiles, waving and pointing at the upcoming exit. They took the exit, still waving and looking back. I could see the disappointment in their eyes.
"That was hot. I guarantee at least a couple of them will be thinking about that later tonight and taking care of some swelling issues," I smiled and said to Debbie. She giggled a little and continued to gently stroke back and forth across her bare skin at the top of her dress. I noticed that her left hand hadn't left her crotch and was still moving slightly, her thumb moving up and down what I knew by now was a very wet slit.
"Did you like that?" Debbie asked, kind of dreamily.
"Oh hell yeah. I love it," I answered quickly.
Debbie moaned softly, moving her left hand to completely cover her hot crotch and rubbing it up and down with deeper and longer strokes. She slipped the first two fingers of her right hand down the front of the top of her dress and rolled her right nipple between them.
She moaned again saying, "I like it too," and unbuttoned the top two buttons of her dress so she could slide her right hand inside and over her left nipple.
Damn, it was getting really hard to drive, in more ways than one. I was about to pop out of my pants. I kept scooting around on the seat trying to position things comfortably. I finally forced my growing hard-on over to the center with my left hand. Debbie noticed, and let out a louder moan.
"How much do you like it?" she asked playfully as I rearranged Mr. Happy.
"Enough that pretty soon I'm going to have to pull over and take care of something," I answered.
"We can't pull over here, too bad for you. I can take care of myself just fine though," she said in a sexy voice, licking her lips slowly, and then putting the first two fingers of her right hand into her mouth and slowly wetting them. She sucked her two fingers like a cock, her eyes on me, and her left hand still working her crotch. She then moved her soaking fingers under the top of her dress to her left nipple, let out a little squeal, laid her head back and closed her eyes, both hands working the whole time.
Debbie dropped her left knee down and toward me, and brought the bottoms of her feet together on top of the dash, knees far apart. She bunched the bottom of her dress up at her waist, so now I could clearly see her white lacy panties. Her left hand moved back to her crotch, and I now had a clear view of the action. She took her right hand off her left nipple to unbutton the other five buttons on the top half of the dress, and then flipped the top of her dress open to expose her left breast and hard, wet nipple, which she quickly covered with her right hand as she went back to work on it, twisting and pinching.
I'm not sure exactly when it got there, as I was a bit distracted, but just then I noticed a white Escalade pacing us on Debbie's side. The way Debbie was sitting now with her knees wide apart, her dress bunched up above her panties, and her left breast completely exposed, there was no doubt the driver had a clear view from his slightly higher position in the Escalade. My heart started beating harder and faster immediately, my breathing got shallow and quick as I imagined what the driver must be seeing.
The driver's window was fairly dark and I could only make out a silhouette really. I could tell it was a guy, and that he was looking our way.
"Do I have another fan?" Debbie asked dreamily. I could tell she was really getting horny.
"Looks like it," I replied.
"Mmmm, that's nice," Debbie moaned, and then opened the top of her dress, letting the straps fall from her shoulders, completely exposing both breasts. Her nipples seemed to be reaching for the roof of the van, hard and erect and pointing straight up. She then moved her right hand down to her right inner thigh, and moved her left hand from her crotch to her left inner thigh, pushing out on both thighs and lifting her crotch just a little off the seat as if to give her fan an even better view of her lacy white crotch. As she pushed on her thighs, her upper arms squeezed her breasts together lifting her nipples up even higher.
"Wow, what a view", I thought. I felt eyes on me, and looked to my left, out my window, to see a thirty-something woman staring into our van from a red SUV. The driver, I assume her husband, leaned a little forward to see around his wife, gave me a disapproving shake of his head, and then sped up to leave us behind. The wife smiled and winked at me as their car pulled away. I shrugged and looked back over to our fan in the Escalade to see that he had put his window down and was looking right at me. He looked ahead at the exit sign over the highway, back at me, and jerked his head to his right, as if to ask if we wanted to take the exit. I looked down at Debbie who hadn't changed her position much, only now the first fingers of both of her hands were taking turns rubbing lengthwise down her cunt over her lacy panties as she continued to hold her thighs apart. She looked up at me, biting her lower lip and giving her eyebrows a quick up-and-down. I knew she wanted to keep up the game.
The Escalade pulled ahead, and I slipped in behind it in the far-right lane. We took the next exit, turned right, and then took another quick right into a shopping center kind of place. The parking lot was large, and mostly empty in the outer areas. The Escalade pulled into a spot at the edge of the lot, near a parked trailer. I took the space immediately left of the Escalade, my breathing getting even quicker and my heart notching up yet again. I could feel my pulse in my chest. I was rock-hard now, anticipating what was to come, but having no idea what to expect really.
As I parked the van and turned off the ignition, I noticed movement from Debbie. She lifted her hips off the seat, both feet on the dash, and slipped her lacy white panties down her legs and over and off her pink stiletto heels. I couldn't help but notice how sexy it was watching her white lacy panties slipping past her perfectly painted toenails, which matched the pink of her shoes, which matched her pink dress, which matched her pink fingernails. I didn't think I could get much harder, but watching that, and knowing that another guy was also watching, took my cock to a hardness I'm not sure it's ever been to before.
I glanced from Debbie up to our fan in the Escalade. His window was all the way down now, his eyes fixed on Debbie, and his hands somewhere below where I couldn't see. I had an idea what he was likely doing though. Suddenly, Debbie's window started down. She had slipped her right hand over to the control and was putting her window all the way down too. Oh, my, this was getting interesting. Removing that last barrier, however small, from between Debbie and her watcher really took it to another level. The fact that Debbie had done it made it somehow even hotter. He seemed so much closer now with her window down.
Debbie's tits were still fully exposed, rock-hard nipples pointing straight up, but her dress had slipped down just enough to cover her now-bare crotch. Her left hand was still on her inner thigh, and now she moved her right hand from the window control to her right inner thigh. She took the waist of her dress in both hands and wiggled it up higher on her stomach. She then rolled the bottom of the dress up and kind of tucked it under the elastic waistband, exposing her completely from her belly button down to her pink heels.
It was then that I noticed that her nipples were a shade paler than the pink of her dress, while the lips of her glistening pussy were just a shade darker pink. She looked incredible lying there, feet on the front of the dash, knees well apart again, tits out, nipples hard, licking her lips. She placed both of her hands on her knees, and ever-so-slowly ran her hands up her inner thighs to her waiting pussy. She then opened the lips of her pussy with both hands, gently pulling with each hand from each side until she was wide open. I could see her juices roll out of her now wide-open hole and run down between her ass cheeks. She then plunged the first two fingers of her left hand deep into her hot hole, letting out a loud, sexy moan. She worked those fingers in a circle inside her pussy, then slid them out, and flicked them back and forth across her clit furiously. She arched her back and moved her right hand up to her right nipple, grabbing it between her thumb and forefinger and pinching it as her left hand continued back and forth across her clit.
"Oh, that's beautiful," I heard a male voice say. It was our audience. Hell, I'd almost forgotten he was there I was so into watching Debbie. That was followed by a long, low moan from him. Debbie seemed to answer him with a long, low moan of her own. I think hearing him talk to her took her to another level because she started really grinding her hips against her own hand then, lifting herself completely off the car's seat, only her feet on the dash and her shoulders against the back still touching. I felt like I was about to cum in my pants right then.
Suddenly, Debbie dropped her feet from the dash to the floor, and sat up. I was about to ask what was wrong, when she said, "I brought a little surprise."
She bent over and reached below the seat between her feet, to dig around in her purse. She then laid back down, putting her feet back up on the dash, and letting her knees drop again to either side, once again fully exposing her gorgeous smooth pussy. I wasn't sure what the surprise was, until her left hand made it's way back to her crotch. In it she now held her favorite toy. A long, slender, purple vibrator. As she brought the tip of it to her soaking wet hole, she reached for the base with her right hand and gave it a twist to start the vibrating action. She took in a quick breath as she brought the dildo against her clit. She held it there, and let her breath out in a long, slow moan.
She licked the fingers of her right hand, and started making circles on each of her nipples in turn as she slowly sank the purple dildo all the way into her pussy. As I watched her slide the dildo in, I actually worried a little that she might lose it. I'd never seen her shove it in so deeply. She was barely holding it by the end, I couldn't see any of it as her fingers were actually partially inside her still holding it by the very end. I had visions of an awkward 911 call from the parking lot. But she pulled it nearly out, then quickly shoved it all the way back in again. The sound from the vibrator would rise in pitch as it came out, and then get deeper as she buried in back inside her. Faster and faster she moved the vibrator. She was really going at it. My balls were aching by this point.
"Oh, god," a moan came from our neighbor, as his door flung open. I looked up at him as he turned in his seat to face our van, and Debbie, straight on. His pants were all the way down around his ankles, and he was holding his rock-hard cock in his right hand, stroking it slowly back and forth. He dropped his feet to rest on the running board of his truck, scooted closer to our window, right to the edge of his seat, and quickened his stroking. He moved his left hand down to cup his balls.
"You are so fucking sexy," he said, watching Debbie intently. "So fucking sexy," he repeated.
He was what I would consider a decent-looking guy, probably mid-40s, dark hair. He was in good shape, no gut, probably about my height, about 6' and maybe 175 pounds or so from what I could tell. I was glad to see he wasn't some fat old slob because I knew that would ruin Debbie's mood. That obviously wasn't the case because when he opened his door and turned to face her, she seemed to like what she saw as she immediately moved her right hand from her tits to her clit. Now she was working the dildo in and out with her left hand and fanning her clit with her right, head turned to watch her fan working his cock for her.
I couldn't take it anymore. Since we had one dick out already, I figured it was time to join the crowd. I quickly undid my pants, raised my butt off the seat and slid my pants and underwear down around my ankles. I pulled my left foot out of my pants and rested it on a small compartment in the door which put my left knee up against my window, my right foot was against the floor board between the gas and brake pedals. This kind of turned my hips to make my raging hard on face Debbie. I spit into my right hand and rubbed the head of my cock. Good lord it was more purple than I'd ever seen it. I think this really was the hardest hard-on I'd ever had.
Debbie turned and looked me in the eyes, bit her lower lip, let out a breathy "oh, yeah," and dropped her eyes to my cock. She then let go of the dildo with her left hand, leaving it buried to the hilt in her dripping pussy, dropped her hand between her seat and the center console and came up with a squeeze tube of hand lotion which she handed to me.
I flipped the cap open and squeezed out a bead of lotion all along the top of my tool, from the head to the base. I shut the cap and was about to toss it into the back seat when Debbie grabbed it out of my hand. She passed the lotion from her left hand to her right, and held her arm out of her window toward our fan. He eagerly leaned over far enough to grab it, opened it and squeezed a generous pile into his right hand. He then encircled his engorged member with that hand, sliding slowly from the tip to the base, spreading the white lotion over the entire length of his cock.
Then we all got back to it, more furiously than ever. I was stroking the length of my cock slowly, trying to hold off as long as possible, but knowing I couldn't last much longer. I could hear Debbie's pussy with each stroke of the dildo. She was so wet, it was making sloshing noises as it moved in and out. She was working both hands at an incredible rate, and seemed to be moving quicker and quicker. Our buddy in the Escalade was stroking his cock with his right hand almost as fast as Debbie was fucking herself, and squeezing his balls tightly with his left.
Debbie was raising her hips up off the seat, and they seemed to be involuntarily pulsing quickly up and down, her ass cheeks clenching and unclenching with the rhythm. I was mesmerized watching her. So damn sexy.
A loud, long groan from outside the van took my attention from Debbie to our watcher just in time to see him launch his load. It was like it was in slow motion as I saw it arc up from the head of his cock, travel between our two vehicles, enter Debbie's open window, and land on top of her right thigh, just next to her right hand which was still working on her clit. I don't think Debbie saw it coming, but she felt it, looked down at it, and let out a sexy moan. She scooped it up with her right hand and rubbed it all over her clit, and then rubbed some of it on the length of the dildo. While this was happening, our fan let out three more deep groans, each accompanying another load from his cock. But, only the first shot had enough velocity to reach Debbie, the others landed somewhere outside.
Once Debbie had scooped up his cum and rubbed it on her pussy, I knew I was done. I started to feel my own load making its way up my cock while she was still rubbing his cum on her dildo. As she went back to fucking herself, faster now with her new lube, I came like I've never come before. My first shot went over Debbie and out her window. I moved my cock a little and the next three spurts landed on Debbie's tits. She continued to fuck herself with her left hand, and rubbed my cum all over both tits with her right.
Debbie was back up off the seat again, hips held high and grinding against her left hand, heels digging into the dash, shoulders pushing against the back of the seat. Her left hand was moving impossibly fast in and out of her pussy, driving the purple dildo deeply inside and then immediately jerking it almost all the way out, noisily pounding her pussy. Meanwhile, her right hand moved from nipple to nipple, my cum making it easier for her fingers to slide across each quickly, flicking each nipple back and forth rapidly with all the fingers of her hand.
I could feel my cock shrinking a bit in my right hand. I looked across to our fan, and our eyes met. He nodded slowly, as if to say, "You are one lucky bastard," I thought. I nodded back in agreement.
Debbie started making quick little crying sounds with each breath, which were getting quicker and quicker as her hands continued to move at lightening speed. She held her hips even a little higher now, and they stopped pulsating as her ass cheeks clenched tightly and she let out a scream that I thought for sure every person in the parking lot, the nearby stores, and driving by on the highway could hear.
Debbie then collapsed down into the seat, pulled her knees up to her chest, and laughed.
"Oh, my god, that was incredible," she said.
I heard the Escalade start, and looked up just in time to see it backing away. It turned and drove off.
Debbie wasn't moving, so I put her window up using the control in my door. She didn't move the rest of the way home. When we did get home, she gave me a deep, long kiss as soon as she stepped out of the van.
"That was fun," she said.