Note: Chapter 4: Next chapter. This focuses on some different things, hope everyone enjoys. If not well life's tough! Thanks for the support!
*
Kate picked up her friend and the drive had not helped to calm her down. She felt so horny she couldn't describe it and she didn't know how long she could last without cumming. Cindy seemed to notice something was up but didn't mention anything and soon they were kissing Carmen hello and heading out to the pool. Her house was once again empty so as soon as Kate got to the pool she stripped out of her bikini and dived into the pool feeling the cool water sliding over her hard nipples and boiling pussy in a delicious kind of way.
Cindy just shot an amused look at Carmen and slipped out of her bikini and slinked over to the pool slipping into the water and Carmen took little time joining her two friends. Soon after they were stretched out on their loungers their gorgeous bodies soaking up the sun but Kate just couldn't get comfortable especially knowing what waited for them upstairs.
"How 'bout we come back and get some sun later, I wanna see what's on that camera."
"Some one's an eager beaver today." Cindy replied laughing at her pun and was surprised when Kate blushed, her friend was usually very hard to embarrass.
"Yeah I've just been really horny the whole day; I can wait if you guys aren't keen."
"What has gotten into our little Katie? So considerate." Carmen laughed as she looked over at her friend but got a little side tracked by the sight of her big boobs.
"No I'm keen now hey, let's go." Cindy said also excited by what she might see.
All three of them raced up stairs and into Carmen's room and the camera was already by the pc and it was soon plugged in.
"Nice thinking." Cindy said as she appreciated how her friend had everything all set up. The girls were all clothed in their bikinis again, as they always were when walking to and from the pool, and they all sat down as Cindy pressed the slide show button. The first picture showed up with Jake in a white button up shirt and jeans. The pictures cycled through and all three girls watched as Carmen's brother's clothes disappeared until he was standing in tight fitting white boxers, his abs riplpling and a vee leading to where a very impressive bulge filled his boxers. There were a few pictures from different angles but all the girls were wondering if he would take it further. Their question was soon answered as they saw him hiding the head of his cock as he pulled down his boxers, then the money shot where he stood with his boxers around his feet and his cock in clear view. There was a collective intake of breath as the three girls stared at Jake's beautiful cock and the sexual tension, already high, shot through the roof. There were a few more from different angles and the girls continue to admire his cock and even his sister had to agree that it was a fantastic sight. The last picture was a close up of his cock with a clear drop of precum on the tip and the girls all wished they could lick it off.
Finally the screen went blank and all the girls looked at each other then broke out into giggles.
"Oh my god I can't believe that! How hot was that!?" Kate said while Carmen bobbed her head in agreement.
"Wow Jake really does have a fantastic looking cock. Ok I think after that showing our pics need to be extremely hot to keep up!" The Asian girl said as she jumped up ready to start slipping out of her bikini.
"That's so true Cindz, you go first." Kate said waiting to see what her friend would do so she could one up her for once."
Carmen immediately grabbed the camera and started to take photos as Cindy posed, her bikini top quickly ending up on the floor and soon her bottoms were sliding down her legs and she was showing the camera her tight small little ass. She then sat on the bed crossing her legs while Carmen took another picture, unfurled her legs putting them up on the bed leaning back on her left hand whilst her right was hiding her little pussy and sending a sultry look at the camera. She finally removed her hand and even blushed a little as the flash of the camera went off capturing her completely naked on her friend's bed, her tits and pussy clearly on display. She was extremely turned on and knew her cunt was leaking pussy juice. She took a few more pictures in the same position then asked Carmen to come take some close up shots.
Carmen moved forward and focused on Cindy's beautiful hot little cunt and could see the juice building up in her friends pussy as she snapped a few pictures. She could also smell the excitement of her friend and this only turned her on further and as the Asian girl slid off the bed and laughed in a self conscious way and took her seat staying naked as she watched her blonde big breasted friend move to the bed and start to slip her own bikini off, licking each of her nipples as she pushed her big breasts up toward her mouth. She then bent over at the waist and showed Carmen, Cindy and the camera her great ass then pulled her bikini tight against her ass and pussy and Carmen let out an appreciative groan. Kate then crawled onto the bed as Carmen took a few pictures of her great ass with her big tits hanging free. She then flipped around into the same position Cindy had used and the girls grinned at each other when the saw the large wet spot that was spreading over the blonde girls light blue bikini bottoms. Carmen took a few photos and even took some close ups showing the wet spot as Kate's bikini fit snugly around her pussy lips.
"Take it off Katie." Carmen whispered as she saw her friend slowly slip down the bottoms showing the fact she was bald and then the top of her pussy lips as the camera captured everything and as the blonde girl looked over at her Japanese friend she laughed causing Carmen to turn as well.
"Enjoying the show?' Kate asked as both girls saw Cindy blushing as she had been caught rubbing her little sensitive clit as he friend slowly got naked. "Don't worry I'll be joining you soon!" The blonde said as she slid off her panties leaving them around her ankles.
She then moved her right hand down to her pussy and opened it up as the flash seemed to be constantly going off and both girls sucked in their breath when Kate slid her middle finger into her pussy up to her first knuckle and then as far in as it could go. Her middle finger was soon joined by another as she finger fucked her cunt for the camera doing it slowly enough for the camera to catch each movement.
"Take some close ups." Kate said breathlessly, having a hard time from jamming her fingers into herself and cumming all over them. Carmen moved in close and was immediately hit with the smell of Kate's pussy and as she focused on her fingers jammed into her pussy she could see juice running around them and down toward her little ass. Carmen had never seen anything look so sexy and intense in her life and knew these pictures would put almost any porn star to shame. She stood up after taking a good few pictures and then slowly drew in her breath as Kate removed her fingers and a clear string of pussy juice went from Kate's cunt to her fingers. Carmen immediately took more pictures and then in amazement watched as her blonde friend moved her two fingers up to her mouth, shot a sultry look at the camera as her fingers hovered over her mouth then she slide them into her mouth and sucked them with clear relish. Carmen could hear Cindy breathing hard as she watched their friend taste her own juice. Kate finally pulled out her fingers and shot a wink at the camera then sat up.
"Oh my god Katie that was the hottest thing I think I've ever seen!" Carmen squealed.
"Yeah that was totally amazing I think Jake might die a happy man after seeing those." Cindy added as she pulled a dvd out of her bag definitely ready to watch some action. Kate and Cindy readied themselves for the movie but Carmen stood in the middle of the room unmoving.
"What about me?" She asked her two naked friends.
"What about you?" Kate asked settling herself down on the bed to watch some porn. She needed to cum. Badly. Cindy was a little quicker on the uptake as she usually was.
"You want to as well?" The Japanese girl asked her beautiful brunette friend.
Kate looked at her two friends confused. "What's going on?" She asked her eyes narrowed suspiciously. She wasn't really in the mood to wait.
"I think Car wants to have some pictures taken." Cindy said smiling as she walked over to her friend and took the camera from her friend who winked at her and went toward the bed to start.
Kate burst into laughter and punched her fist into the air. "I knew you'd come around." She said and made space for her friend and turned to watch her getting naked. "What made you change your mind?"
"Well seeing as you already slipped in a topless photo of me it's not like he hasn't seen some of me already and I've been looking at his and it is kinda unfair I guess. "
"And it's a turn on getting naked pictures taken of you." Cindy supplied to which Carmen nodded and grinned.
"And it turns you on knowing Jake's gona look at them." Kate said shrewdly and Carmen looked a little embarrassed. "Seriously Car its fine, your brothers hot, I mean if my brothers were a little bit older and more mature about things I might swap pics with them to." She said and Carmen and Cindy both looked at her with shock. "Come on, it's naughty, you shouldn't do it but that's why it's so fucking hot!" Kate said and the two girls laughed though the didn't have a clue to what she had been getting up to.
"I was a little afraid to admit it to you guys and myself but I guess you're right Katie. And I know this wont mess up things between Jake and me and we both like it so why not. Even if it is a little naughty." She said winking at her two friends.
"Maybe 'cause it is a little naughty?" Katie replied grinning wickedly.
"Ok less talking more getting naked." Cindy said loving the fact she was going to photograph Carmen naked. The girls laughed as Carmen slowly started to lose her inhibitions and let go. Cindy took pictures of everything culminating with Carmen on her hands and knees her perfect ass and pussy facing the camera as she showed her brother the bottom of her pussy and her tight little ass hole. She couldn't believe how horny she got knowing she was taking these pictures so her brother could look at them and unsurprisingly when the girls evidentially did put the porn dvd Cindy had brought all three of them came only a few minutes into the dvd and each had at least three orgasms.
Cindy arrived home and quietly let herself in. Her parents were at work and she thought she was probably alone. Even though she had cum four times watching her porn with Katie and Carmen she was horny and feeling decidedly kinky. She was thinking about how she wished Jaime, her next door neighbour who had moved away was still next door. Her pussy began to get wet thinking about how that blonde girl had introduced her to her first girl on girl action. Cindy remembered how it had felt that first time Jaime had licked her pussy so well then as she had sucked her little clit into her mouth how she had slowly slid a finger into her ass. The Japanese girl shivered at the memory then heard a sound she hadn't expected to hear as she passed her younger sister's room. She looked in as the door was wide upon and the same noise greeted her, the moan of a young girl being pleasured orally. Cindy stood shocked as she saw her 18 year old sister Kaeda in a 69 with what looked like her best friend Hannah from the dyed red hair she could see. Cindy could make it out for sure as her sister was on top and the other girls face was buried in between her sisters legs. Kaeda must have sensed something because she looked up and her mouth opened into a little O as she saw her older sister standing there.
"Don't you dare stop you little bitch! I'm so close!" The girl licking her sister's pussy said. Definitely Hannah then. Cindy had no idea what to do but she felt herself wink at her sister, grin then continue onto her room. She couldn't believe what she had just seen. It shocked her. It was crazy. Itreallyturned her on. She laughed to herself a little shocked as she heard her sister start to grunt in what sounded like an earth shattering climax, not even trying to keep it down as she came all over her friends face. Cindy thought to herself that she had been the same age when she had started experimenting with Jaime. She would have to talk to her sister later and she hoped it wouldn't be too weird but Carmen and Jake seemed to be getting along fine. And maybe if she was lucky she could get a crack at Hannah. She was really hot and obviously liked eating Japanese.
That was it the lame joke made her roll around on her bed as she gripped her sides trying not to laugh out loud. A thought then popped into her head that sobered her very quickly. One where Hannah was replaced by herself and she was licking her sister's pussy. She shook her head and chalked it up to Kate and her craziness spreading over all of them.
The next day dawned sunny as per usual and Kate rolled out of bed horny as she always was these days. When she had showered last night she had walked out in just her towel and she could feel her brother's eyes on her body as she had walked past their room her breasts barely contained in her towel. She had had to masturbate again that night but when she woke up today she was already really horny and she knew it was only going to get worse. She decided to go get some breakfast and left her room in a tiny pair of panties and a very tight top. When she reached the kitchen Andy was sitting there looking as if he must have just woken up. He grunted a hello and then his eyes slid slowly down to her very obvious chest. Kate saw him looking and giggled to herself then set about making some cereal, she felt her brothers eyes following her around and they started to turn her on. She thought she might as well play with him as she bent over at the waist giving him a great view of her ass in her tight panties. She heard him quietly sigh as he continued to eat. She finally sat down and engaged him in a little conversation but his eyes kept moving back to her breasts.
"Andy do you wana have a proper look? Maybe then you'll be able to look at me when we talk." She laughed to let him know she wasn't mad with him. In fact she was pleased he seemed to find her so attractive. Her brother chocked a little but didn't say anything as he looked like a deer caught in the head lights.
"Do you or not?" Kate asked keen to let her brother look at her big boobs and wondering what facial expression he would have.
Her brother looked at her in the eyes and slowly nodded as if wondering whether this was a gigantic joke but his mouth soon fell way open as his sister quickly reached up and pulled her little top over her big tits, and left it resting over her boobs, her hard thick little nipples very evident. The look she got was indeed worth it as her brother looked like Christmas had come early. And maybe his birthday and new years. Kate laughed and continued to eat and noticed Andy's spoon was still stuck halfway between his bowl and his mouth.
"Ok we good?" Kate asked as she moved her hands to pull her top down. It was turning her on how her brother looked at her naked boobs but she still felt a little self conscious.
"Wait a bi.." He said as what had been on his spoon fell to the table and he blushed as he bent to clean it up. Kate got a look at his crotch and saw the loose pants he was wearing were tented around his long penis.
"Ok how about this," Kate began as she lifted the shirt over her head and tossed it onto the table."I did get to see you guys yesterday so I guess it's only fair. And maybe you'll get more used to these things if you see them a bit you know?" Kate laughed as her brother looked more pleased then she had ever seen him. She picked up her shirt and went to go have a shower where she could masturbate a little. She would wait for Kevin to come home before she asked to watch another porn. She had some idea's she wanted to try out.
Kate showered for a good long time but the hot water did little to calm her down. As she was drying she heard her brothers talking to each other and she somehow knew Andy was filling Kevin in on what he had gotten to see. Kate decided to continue with her new vow of toplessness and wrapped the towel around her bottom and walked from the bathroom her breasts proudly leading the way. Kevin and Andy were of course strategically positioned so they could see her on her way out and she winked at both boys whilst Kevin laughed.
"Wow, those babies are awesome." Kate even blushed a little as she went into her room, closed her door and put on some panties as she shouted through her door.
"You two up for a dvd?" She asked feeling her pussy already start to juice itself.
Kate was surprised when she didn't receive an answer but when she opened her door her brothers were both standing in front of it, Andy with a dvd in his hand. They all laughed and then they raced themselves to the tv room. They took up the same places with the boys on the longer couch and Kate on the single chair with a great view of her brothers and the tv. The action started on screen with a group scene with two big breasted blondes sucking two big penises. And as before the three siblings began to talk back and forth about what they were watching. Both boys had quickly taken off their pants and were slowly stroking up and down on their cocks whilst shooting looks at their topless sister.
"You can take care of yourself to it you want." Andy said feeling bold for once as both brothers had noticed the wet spot spreading over the front of their sister's panties.
"Maybe I will Andy, thanks." Kate said as she slipped her right hand into her panties and slowly starting to rub her clit in small circles. Both brothers seemed a little disappointed that she hadn't taken her panties off but Kate thought there was something she wanted to see that she would bargain that for.
"So I have a question for you guys." She started.
"Shoot." Kevin said as his eyes slid to hers, then her tits, down to her hand moving in her panties and finally back to the action on screen.
"Have you guys ever, you know.. Helped each other out?"
"How do you mean?" Andy asked thinking it was a really weird question. They were twins of course they helped each other out.
"You know when you're a little horny have you ever helped each other?" Kate said blushing slightly then grinning as she saw the guilty look that shot between her brothers who in turn saw her grin and knew they had been found out.
"We did but a few years ago, we haven't for ages." Kevin answered.
Oh ok. I think it's pretty hot." Kate answered.
"Really?" Andy asked looking surprised.
"Yeah, I've seen a little guy on guy action before and it really turned me on." Kate lied. The thought did turn her on but she had never seen guy on guy action before. She hoped that would change soon.
"We're not gay." Andy said looking a little annoyed.
"I guessed that seeing as you're watching porn with me!" Kate said laughing trying to mollify her brother. "But that doesn't mean you might not like something a little different every now and again." The brothers both looked at each other and then Kevin spoke.
"Ok what are you really trying to get at? I know you've usually got an agenda with this type of thing." Both Andy and Kate laughed at the truthfulness of the statement and Kate decided to be up front.
"Well seeing as you guys have done it before, it would really turn me on to see you two 'helping each other out' and I thought if I got to see you two do it then it would be only fair that my little panties here found their way off me." The brothers looked at each other then at their sister for a long while.
"So basically if we jerk each other off then you'll get naked and masturbate for us?" Kevin asked.
"Indeed." Kate said winking at her brothers. She could see they were tempted. She knew she would have got naked for them anyway but she might as well get something for it.
"Give me a moment to confer with my colleague." Kevin said as he grinned at his topless sister. He was keen to do this she could see. He definitely wanted to see what her tiny little panties were covering.
Her two brothers quickly began whispering and although Andy seemed a bit sceptical it seemed like Kevin was winning the argument. They finally nodded and Kevin turned to his sister.
"Ok we will but you've gota go first." He said grinning to which Kate just clapped her hands and let out a whoop.
"I was hoping you would say yes!"
The blonde girl slowly stood up her large breasts standing out from her chest drawing her brothers' eyes and slowly started swaying to the music from the dvd that was playing almost forgotten. She then turned and bent over slowly at the waist as her tight panties stretched across her ass winking at her brothers who looked like they were about to melt. She then moved her hands to the tops of her panties then slowly started to slide them down. She knew exactly when her pussy came into view as both her brothers gasped and let her panties slide down to her ankles letting her brothers soak in the sight of her tight ass and pussy peaking at them then stepped out of her panties, leaving them on the floor and sitting on her seat her legs together. She grinned at the looks of utter lust on her brothers faces and she could see precum slowly building on the tip of Kevin's penis. From what she could tell both her brothers' cock's were a little longer than Jake's but not as thick around. They still made her mouth water.
"Ok boy's, get going." Kate said as she slowly opened her legs letting her brothers' eyes feast on her shaved wet little pussy. She was pleased at the way they gasped again at the sight of her cunt and couldn't wait for the moment when they started to jack each other off.
Kevin at least seemed to remember what they had agreed, looked up at his brother, down at his cock then slowly moved his hand and grasped it. All three siblings in the room shivered at that taboo touch for their own reason and soon Andy had moved his hand over to his brother's cock and slowly grasped it. Both brothers were shooting looks at the porn and their sister who had slowly moved her hand down to her pussy and was now slowly rubbing her hard little clit in circles. Both had yet to really look at what they were doing but as they talked both their eyes were drawn to their hand moving up and down on their brother's cock. It was an intense feeling. Andy then decided to break the silence.
"You owe me money Kev, I told you sis was shaved."
"You two dirty bastards betted on whether I shaved my pussy or not?" She laughed then continued. "You should have known I wouldn't walk around with a big bush, that's so gross. I'm disappointed you would think that of me Kev."
"By shaved Andy means he thought you were bald and I thought you might have a landing strip. We knew you wouldn't leave your pussy untended. You're probably sexy enough to pull off a bush though." He said grinning and he winked at his sister as he watched her grin back then slid her middle finger into her pussy with a sexy little sigh.
Both her brothers hands immediately sped up their up and down movement and Kate could now see they had found a rhythm and were enjoying the feeling and asked as much.
"Yeah it feels good." Kevin said shooting a shy glance at his brother who grinned back.
"Yeah it's great. And watching you finger yourself is fantastic too. You enjoying it?"
"Well I'm really enjoying watching you two jerk each other's cocks off, it's really hot and as you can see," Kate said pulling her finger out of her pussy and showing her brothers how it glistening with her juice, "My pussy is super wet so yeah I'm enjoying fingering myself for you guys too." The blonde girl blushed at her brazen words but it was hard to see as she was so flushed as it was from the sexual tension.
The smell of their excitement was swirling around the room and they all could feel how it charged them all. They all continued to watch the porn and themselves for a while longer when Andy broke the silence this time.
"How is it that you have no tan lines at all. Anywhere?"
"Well Carmen, Cindy and I kinda tan naked at her place, her parents are away." Her explanation was greeted with silence for only a moment.
"All three of you lying there naked?" Kevin said staring off into the distance. "Wow I would kill to see that. Carmen is just so fucking hot. And Cindy is the perfect little Asian fantasy."
"And me?" Kate asked as a joke and Andy answered.
"You're fucking hot, have tits better than any porn star and a smoking body. You three fit well together." He blushed a little then continued to jerk off his brother who resumed jerking him off.
"My my, flattery will get you far Andy." Kate said as she swopped hands, sucking her finger into her mouth and now putting two fingers into her pussy.
"Fuck, you like your own juice?" Kevin asked amazed and his sister just blushed a little.
"Yeah it turns me on, Kev." She laughed then thought about something quickly. "What would you guys trade for naked pictures of Carmen and Cindy?"
"Absolutely anything. Especially if there were a few of you in the mix." Andy said breathlessly, this whole situation was getting to him. Watching porn with his naked sister while she masturbated was taboo and hot enough but having his twin brother jack him off in the process was more then he could handle.
"I'm going to cum soon." He managed to say as he started to hump his hips up into his brother's hand and felt his brother tighten his hold on his cock.
He sped up his own pumping and soon they could feel each other's cocks swelling getting ready to shot their cum all over themselves. Kate watched astounded as her brothers started to hump their twins' hand and she sped up her hand, two fingers sloshing in and out of her drenched pussy while she rubbed her clit with the other.
"Fuuuuck I'm cumming!" Kevin grunted as he pumped his cock through his brother's hand and started to let loose.
Andy felt the cum rushing up his brother's cock and felt it swell further in his grip and he clamped down with his hand as the cum began to shoot all over his brother's chest. Andy followed his brother's lead spewing cum up into the air where it felt down to coat his own chest.
"I'm gona cum too!" Kate squealed as she felt her cunt clamp down around her fingers and she started to rock back and forth on her hand as pussy juice flowed around her fingers. She had a hard time keeping her eyes open as she orgasmed but had to watch her brother's cocks explode all over themselves. Finally it was too much and she shut her eyes and let out a train of squeals and grunts.
All three siblings finally started to come down from their orgasms with Andy and Kevin still slowly sliding their hands up and down on their twins' cocks, their hands getting coated in the last few shots of cum that oozed from their cocks. Kate finally removed her hand from her pussy as the last few shocks wore of and went about licking the back of her hand and then sucking her two fingers into her mouth and she tasted her sweet pussy juice. Seeing this Kevin couldn't help but groan and shoot one more rope of cum onto his brother's hand.
"Wow that was really hot, I came soooo hard." Kate said as she looked over at her brothers who were drenched in their own cum. She was so turned on by the fact that it was two guys and then even more turned on by the fact that it was her 'little' twin brothers.
"Yeah I don't think I've ever cum that much." Kevin said as he looked down at his chest, his stomach and his cock where his brother's hand was still slowly stroking. Everything was splattered in cum. He looked over at his brother and saw he was in the same situation. Andy looked up and laughed then removed his hand from his brother's cock.
"Wow that was more fun than I would have guessed." Andy said looking at his hand that was covered in his twin brother's cum. It was insane.
"Yeah it was cool." Kevin replied glad that this hadn't seemed to affect his relationship with his brother. Truth be told he would be willing to do it again. He loved girls and would never stop doing stuff with them but this was something so different.
"Ok I think both you two need to go get washed up, that's a shit load of sticky cum you have all over you. Thanks again for letting me watch, if it was half as good doing it as it was watching it then it must have be awesome."
"Ok sis. Maybe we could watch each other again sometime?" Andy asked hopeful.
"Of course!" Kate said as she picked her panties up and went off toward her bedroom. She hoped that they would do more then watch each other in the future but all in good time.
"Hey sis." Kaeda said as she walked into her sister's room.
She had been so shocked to see her older sister standing in her doorway as she had been in a 69 with Hannah but when she had winked at her and left she had been so turned on she couldn't help cumming all over Hannah's face. The girl had asked her what had gotten her so worked up as she usually didn't cum that hard but she had just shrugged and kissed her, mixing their pussy juices with their tongues.
Cindy didn't know what to say as her younger sister sat on her bed. She had been caught staring at her sister 69ing with her best friend and then winked. Her sister hadn't tried to keep down the volume of her orgasm soon after but she still though her sister might be a little weirded out.
"Hey. So what you been up to?" She asked and as it left her mouth she realised how stupid it was. Her sister had just been getting her pussy eaten out while she ate out her best friend's pussy. She blushed but her sister took pity on her and laughed.
"Ok, the big elephant in the room. You caught me and Hannah."
"I did, I'm sorry I really didn't expect it."
"I guessed as much. I knew you wouldn't be mad though, I just wanted to make sure things are cool in case."
"How do you know I wouldn't be mad? Not that I am but I'm interested." Cindy said a little confused, especially when Kaeda started to blush.
"Well I've got a confession to make. I used to spy on you and Jaime doing it. That's kinda where I got the idea. Hannah's always been into girls but after watching you and Jaime it made me wanna try cause you two looked so hot." Cindy was shocked but suddenly turned on a little by the thought of her sister watching her and Jaime lick each other's pussies and getting turned on.
"How much did you watch?" Cindy asked.
"Well after I first caught you, every time I could. I'm sorry." Kaeda said looking down and ashamed.
"Don't worry Kaeda. Seriously I'm glad you can tell me, I don't think we need to have any secrets you know?"
"Ok Cindz. I love you." Kaeda looked up and pulled her sister into a hug and they both felt better. "Oh and I've been copying your porn onto my pc for ages."
"You little bitch!" Cindy laughed and slapped her little sister. "I hope you have some to give me in return then?"
"I do indeed. I've even got a few pix of Hannah and I, it'll make up for the one's I took off your pc of you and Jaime." She looked up at her sister blushing again.
"Kaeda! Wow, you're really sneaky. You must have really had a thing for Jaime." Cindy said blushing as she remembered what some of those pictures showed. Pussy licking and one or two of Jaime's finger or tongue in her ass. She blushed even more.
"Yeah Jaime was hot." Kaeda said but Cindy had the feeling she wasn't saying something.
"Well if you were keen you should have told me. Jaime had a fetish for Asian girls I think so I'm sure she would have loved a go at you."
"Well..." Kaeda hesitated for a moment then continued. "That would have been great but I would have liked to join both of you." Cindy didn't really know what to say because honestly the idea seriously turned her on.
"You would have had a threesome with Jaime and me?"
"Yeah, I think it would have been incredible. And I know maybe it's wrong but the thought of being with you really turns me on. All my guy friends want to get with you and Hannah definitely does too, and I completely understand, I mean you're incredible looking." Kaeda was blushing furiously but was determined to tell her sister the truth.
"Wow, thanks baby sis, you know I think you're amazing yourself. I remember Jaime sometimes used to say if she could have both of us at the same time she wasn't so sure who would be who we look so much alike so maybe that means we're both hot." Cindy winked at her sister wondering whether she was going to follow this conversation where she thought her younger sister was trying to take it. She knew she was turned on by her sister but she wasn't sure she would go through with her desires but Kaeda had her own idea's as she stood up and stretched Cindy eyeing up her lithe sixteen year old body.
"I think I'm going to go have a shower, do you want to come help me wash my back?" The request was relatively innocent enough though Cindy hadn't showered with Kaeda for some years. The reality was that in light of the recent conversation it meant much more and Cindy knew that.
"I want to but should we?" Cindy asked after a moment.
"Yes we should." Kaeda said simply, holding out her hand for her sister to take it.
Cindy looked up into her sister's beautiful face and when their eyes met the decision was made for her. She could see the love she had for her sister echoes in her eyes and she knew that whatever happened it could only strengthen what they already had. Cindy reached up and took her sister's hand and they both made their way to their shared bathroom. The older girl stood watching her sister switch on and test the water feeling nervousness wash over her.
"Cindz come on, relax I'm your baby sister I've idolized you for ages there's no need to stress, we love each other." Kaeda didn't add on 'And this is going to be awesome' but both girls knew that's what she was thinking.
It was the exact thing that would have made her relax and Cindy giggled a bit to herself then slipped her top over her head then followed by slipping out of her bra. Her nipples were at full length and nice and hard and the Japanese girl couldn't help but tweak firs her right then her left then followed it up with sliding her pants and panties off in one movement. Her younger sister then turned and gave her a very deliberate once over then winked at her.
"Nice, very nice." Kaeda exclaimed as she looked over her sister's small pert boobs down her perfect flat tummy and to her shaved pussy with only a small landing strip. Her sister's body was a little bigger than her own and she had shaved an identical landing strip on her pussy. She quickly lost her clothes and jumped into the shower. Cindy followed her as she looked over her baby sister, a perfect little doll.
"You also have a landing strip?" Cindy asked as she motioned for the soap then started to wash her sister's back.
"Yeah in the pics I got of you and Jaime I saw that you had yours like that so the next day Hannah and I shaved each other."
"Wow that must have been fun." Cindy said as her hands had lathered up foam all over her sister's back and almost as if of their own accord they moved towards Kaeda's bum and slowly started kneading her cheeks to which her younger sister gave a contented little moan. "Is Hannah red down there too?" Cindy asked as she knew Hannah was a real red head even though she dyed her hair more metallic to look like her favourite pop rocker Hayley from Paramore.
"Yeah it is actually, we took before and after shots I must show you, her pussy looks really hot with a little red landing strip." Kaeda turned around and took the soap from her sister as they swopped places and she began to lather up her older sister whilst she thought about the hot alternative red head and her red landing strip.
"Have you been with another girl other than Hannah?" Cindy asked as her sister's hands moved onto her ass and in a more forceful way started to knead her bum.
"Nope, Hannah's my only girl on girl experience. And you?"
"Well Jaime had this friend called Nicole, she looked kinda like Carmen but not as hot. We hooked up once or twice when Jaime left town but no one else since then."
"Mmm, Carmen is so hot, and Kate with her big boobs. You've got hot friends." Kaeda said as she kissed the back of her sister's neck as her hands moved around to her older sister's stomach then up to her pert little titties.
Cindy couldn't help moan a little as the touch shot electricity straight to her pussy. "And how is it you have no tan lines anywhere?" Kaeda asked as she ran her hands down to where Cindy's tan line should have started, her hand hovering above her pussy slowly sliding her hand around.
"Well Kate has kinda got the three of us into tanning naked at Carmen's place while her parents are away." Cindy knew the thought of the three of them tanning naked would really turn on her horny little sister and she was right.
"Fuck that sounds so hot." Kaeda replied and moved her left hand onto her older sister's pussy for the first time and sliding her middle finger into her tight little hole and moving her right hand to her breasts. She slowly started planting small little kisses on her neck.
Cindy shuddered at the touch then realising it was her little sister sliding a finger into and out of her pussy, fondling her breasts and planting little kisses, it was so taboo and so sexy she moaned loudly as she started cumming on her sister's finger. Kaeda immediately dropped her hand from her sister's breast to rub her hard little clit and Cindy moaned further as her orgasm intensified. Cindy continued to ride her little sister's hand until she slumped against her as she was held up. Kaeda slowly turned her around then looking into her eyes slowly moved forward to kiss her.
Cindy knew this should feel wrong but besides the idea of taboo and the lust surrounding their actions, it felt so right as she leant forward and her lips met her sister's for the first time. The water cascaded down around them as they lost themselves in the most sensual kiss they had both ever experienced. Their pleasure seemed to swirl around them morphing slowly into lust and soon their tongues had gone from slowly caressing to battling inside their mouths. Kaeda finally pulled away and Cindy could see her own lust echoed in her little sister's face, so similar to her own and she could still taste the subtle deliciousness of her sister's mouth.
"I think I'm done showering." Kaeda said and Cindy nodded as her sister turned off the water and quickly left the shower.
She grabbed a towel and quickly yet caressingly dried her sister's body and then her own, obviously eager to take the next step but still wanting to enjoy every part. Cindy was lost in her own thoughts and actions and came to as her sister gently pushed her back onto the bed and slowly crawled up to her to embraced her again as their lips met. Cindy just managed to think that there was no hesitancy and a feeling of rightness when she kissed her sister but then all thoughts were blown out of her head as she focused on her sister continuing to kiss her.
Kaeda again broke the embrace and both girls were panting for air as she slowly starting kissing down her neck then to her collar bone and finally around her pert little breasts. She was teasing her older sister, licking around her hard long nipples that were begging for attention. Cindy noticed for the first time that they were in her sister's room but then she looked down and saw her sister slowly planting kisses around her nipples, her own breasts looking perfect with her hard nipples and as she looked down her sister's back to her beautiful and naked bum. Even these awesome sights were blown from her mind as her sister finally latched her lips onto her left nipple and started to tongue and pull at her nipple. Cindy let out a guttural moan and put a hand on the back of her little sister's head moving it to her other breast. Her little sister's hand however went in the opposite direction moving over her tummy, her middle finger sliding down her landing strip and finally ending up by cupping her older sister's tight little Asian pussy.
Cindy bucked as her sister wormed her middle finger into her sopping wet pussy and her stomach tensed as her head moved down her stomach trailing kisses down her stomach and eventually hovering in between her legs. She placed small little kisses on the inside of her thighs and Cindy was panting with the passion waiting for the moment when her little sister's tongue would move to her centre. Kaeda looked up into her big sister's eyes and a wicked gleam shone through followed by a coy little smile as she moved her mouth forward. Suddenly Cindy was shocked by the position she was in. A few weeks ago she would have never believed she could have been where she was now, on her back naked with her little sister inches away from going down on her. Then all of that was gone as Kaeda's talented tongue slid deftly from the bottom of her pussy all the way up to her clit where she circled her engorged clit. She repeated the movement, and again and again and Cindy couldn't believe the feelings that were coursing through her body. She was so hot already but the slow deliberate, repeated motions were making her go absolutely crazy.
Her sister then slowly and teasingly slid a finger into her pussy and methodically started sliding it in and out of her matching her teasing slow pace of her tongue. Cindy couldn't believe how turned on she was , she knew some of it was the taboo of her sister going down on her but she realised in the back of her mind that her sister had a very talented tongue. She felt her body begin to spasm and knew she was about to have a massive orgasm and said as much to her little sister.
Kaeda looked up from eating her pussy and Cindy could see a wicked little gleam in her eyes as she continued the torturous slow pace not changing in the slightest. Cindy started to grind her pussy into her little sister's face and suddenly it became too much. What she had done with her friends, seeing her sister with Hannah and the extraordinary feelings of her little sister's fingers and tongue. She started to groan and groan and finally and scream started to build inside her gain strength and rip out of her as she exploded her cum gushing out of her pussy covering her sister's face. Kaeda let out a surprised moan and tried to lick up everything she could as quickly as she could and even through the haze of the most intense orgasm Cindy has ever felt she could see her sister had an almost frenzied gleam in her eyes.
Finally Cindy began to slow down and she switched from screams of pleasure to groans but it was evident her sister was ready to get some pay back. She lifted her head , her face still covered in her older sister's cum and didn't even have the energy to grin, lust seemed to vibrate through her and she just moved up her sister's body almost attacking her as they kissed with a frenzied passion. The kiss turned Cindy on as their tongues swirled inside their mouths and Cindy's cum was shared between the two. With a groan Kaeda broke the kiss the quickly slid up moving her pussy over her sister's mouth. Cindy knew her sister wanted to ride her face to orgasm and the way she started to grind her pussy on her tongue Cindy was extremely turned on how her sister seemed to take such control.
Her sister tasted absolutely amazing, slightly different to herself but amazing none the less. She could tell her sister was close, the frenzied way she was riding her face left no doubt in her mind. Kaeda looked down at her sister's face between her knees and as she watched her dexterous tongue flit through her pussy and around her clit it all suddenly became real. Her sister was eating her out, something she had been secretly dreaming about for a while. When she met her sister's eye's and saw how much it was turning her on and how much she was enjoying eating her out Kaeda bucked and started to cum slumping over her sister's face and grinding her cunt on her sister's tongue with fast little movements of her hips. She came for what seemed like minutes but her Cindy was determined to show her sister just how good she was and as she started to come down Cindy redoubled her efforts taking her up yet again. Sweat dripped off both girls in as the situation and the heat in the room, the smell of their mixed sex and Cindy's cum that had gushed all over Kaeda and on the bed was swirling around the room an aroma of pure sex and it was driving both girls crazy.
Cindy's had moved to her sister's tight little ass she tried to get more leverage and felt the slick mixture of her sweat and cum as her hands slid further down. Kaeda groaned in anticipation. Cindy was pleased by the train of thought her sister was following and even though she hadn't been planning on it one of her hands moved under her sister and a finger found her crinkled little rosebud. Her hands had become so slick that her finger easily slid into her sister's ass and slowly started to move in and out.
"Fuuuuuck! Fuck my little ass Cindz, fuck me!" Kaeda cried and Cindy though shocked by the vocal, dirty outburst was spurred on to do exactly what he sister wanted. What she needed. This continued for less the a minute and Cindy knew her sister was about to explode.
"I'm cumming Cindz, I'm cumming, don't you dare stop, keep going!" Kaeda panted almost delirious with how horny she had become. Suddenly the flood gates opened and Cindy could see her little sister cumming above her. Because of her. That fact instead of freaking her out made her so proud and closer to her sister than ever. Kaeda began to gush, pussy juice covering Cindy's face as she tried to lick up, taste and swallow as much of her sister's cum as possible. The orgasm seemed to go on forever but finally both girls slumped with their excursions. The cuddle up together their sweat, cum stained bodies fitting perfectly together. There were no words necessary as they lay together in silence for almost fifteen minutes.
"I've never cum like that before." Kaeda said finally breaking the silence.
"Me neither. It must be a sister thing." She said as she grinned and kissed her sister on the forehead as they cuddled for a while longer. Finally they got up took and long shower together kissing every so often and slowly caressing each other then falling into Kaeda's bed dressed to avoid suspicion and fell asleep in each others arms.