Moving casually, no need to rush with time stopped, I get some clothes on. I need to think about how to fix this mess. I also need some water.
Opening the door I'm greeted by an angry Brady, his fist raised to pound on the door again. I always sensed a bit of friction from him but I passed it off as mainly a personality clash. Turns out the failed frat boy jock wannabe seems to think very poorly of me.
I push him out of the way and discover something else. He's easy to move and stops when I let go. It's almost like one of those bendable action figures. He seems to naturally want to stay in a position where he won't fall over, although a quick test shows I could leave him where he would fall as soon as I start time again.
Leaving him upright and stable I go to the kitchen and grab a couple of bottles of water from the fridge. I drink my water and eat some chips and cookies before returning to my room. Thinking she might want a snack I take some for Jessica as well. I put them on my small desk for her.
The snack and water and time thinking really helped me figure things out. Not just Brady but what I did with Jessica, basically telling her to let me do whatever I wanted to her sexually. I know that I should think it was wrong but my lusty/kinky side thinks it was awesome.
First things first though. I stand in front of my angry housemate, "Brady, go to your room and wait there quietly and patiently for me to come talk to you. Don't communicate to anyone about this. Do not enter my room." That should do it for now. He shouldn't be able to leave his room or make this into a bigger mess. Hopefully.
I close the door and look at the scared naked blonde on my bed, "Jessica, calm down. You're safe in my room. Brady won't hurt you in here. Wait here quietly and patiently until I return. Don't communicate this situation to anybody until after I say you can."
Taking a deep breath I unfreeze time, "Brady, we'll talk about this later." I say loudly, more for Jessica's benefit. We both hear Brady's footsteps down the hall and then his door slams. I exhale deeply. Crisis averted for now.
On the bed Jessica was understanbly panicking some but she looks relaxed and a lot calmer now. Where she had been trying to cover herself she simply lays back down on my bed. She smiles at me as my eyes roam over her naked body, "That was kind of a scary ending. I almost want to go another round before I leave just to end on a high note."
"Hmm, that sounds great!" I say, my semi-hard cock rising to attention again. "Let me go deal with that jerk first though." I point to the adjoining wall. "I have some water and snacks for you if you want them." I point to my desk.
"Ooh, thanks!" She tries to roll over but after the hard sex, lots of orgasms, and moaning and screaming she's having a hard time getting her legs moving well.
Chuckling I give her the water and snacks, "Don't worry about crumbs, I think I have to wash the sheets anyways after our fun." She looks at the rumpled, damp sheets and agrees with a shrug.
She sucks down some water and nibbles on some food while I leave the room, "I'll be right back." I tell the now calm blonde before closing the door. Once in the hallway I stop time again.
I don't know what I'm going to do about Brady but I want to see if I can get any answers from Lillith. I've always been good about not letting my lust and sex drive influence me do stupid or extreme things but with Jessica just now I went way out of bounds. I don't know if I'm just drunk with power or if there's something else going on and I can really only ask one person about it.
Walking outside in the silent world I quickly make my way back to the antiques store. Only once I'm in front of the barred doors and windows do I start time again. I stare at them, not really knowing if I should try knocking or something.
The door suddenly loses the bars and has Lillith's name in gilt letters again. It opens just enough to show me her gorgeous face, "Can you make this quick, I'm in the middle of something." I stare when I realize I don't see any fabric on the bit of shoulders I can see. My cock immediately stiffens at the idea that this insanely beautiful woman is naked. Woman? Succubus? Doesn't really matter.
A long feminine moan drifts through the door and Lillith laughs at my wide eyed reaction, then laughs even more when I stare at the tops of her gigantic bare breasts bouncing into view. "What, you think you're the only one having fun?" She asks playfully. "And you had a lot of fun with that hot blonde. I wasn't sure you'd have it in you so quickly. Or in her! Way to go Ben!" Her massive breasts jiggle with her enthusiasm.
Blushing and stammering I try to focus on talking and not her obvious nakedness, "That's, umm, what I wanted to ask you about. I was so turned on I kind of went overboard. I think."
"Yeah, it was awesome!" Lillith replies happily. "I told you I gave you an extra little gift. You'll always be ready for sex. That's why you could cum so many times." She looks down at my shorts and licks her lips. "A side effect is that it increased your arousal too."
"Increased my arousal?" That's putting it mildly. "I was so turned on I couldn't think straight!"
Lillith grins broadly at me, "Oh you could think fine, you were just focused on what to do with your arousal. That's all. Don't worry about it and have fun!" She gives me a sultry look, "You know you want to." I open and close my mouth a few times.
She switches to a more serious tone, "One word of advice though, don't let your arousal get too high or you might not be able to control your raw lust. You thought this was overboard? It'll be nothing compared to what will happen if you really lose it." That sounds very ominous. "It'll still be fun and sexy though so maybe try it sometime!"
She pauses when a second woman moans loudly. "Oops, time to go. I won't be able to answer the door for a while. I have my hands full here." She blows me a kiss, making her breasts bounce again, showing me even more of them. A third woman screams out in orgasm, her voice cut off as Lillith closes the door. It's dark and barred again.
I stand there a minute before a car driving by brings me back to myself. I'm only wearing a T-shirt and gym shorts that are tented by my raging erection. I quickly stop time and head home.
It gives me a little space to think. I have a succubus made magic watch and I've been apparently "gifted" with a dick that never quits and massively, distractingly, high libido. I'm not sure what to do and after seeing Lillith I'm extremely turned on again. Her jacking up my arousal explains things a lot though.
I briefly wonder what a succubus really is. She doesn't seem demonic. Dangerous, yes, but not evil. With the whole deal to get the stopwatch and coming back once every new moon it reminds me more of other old European mythologies.
My feet take me home as I mull things over. It all seems ridiculous and wacky but everything makes more sense now. One thing stands out to me though, her warning to not let things build up too much. I come to the conclusion that I don't really want to see me completely out of control. Who knows what I would do in that state when I can control minds with the stopwatch.
Weirdly, the way to prevent me completely losing control and doing something really extreme seems to be satiating my lust and having sex. After fucking Jessica I was still turned on but it wasn't overwhelming. This is just the kind of Catch-22 a sex based magical creature like a succubus would give.
Entering my house I'm sorely tempted to play with the naked blonde in my room more but I want to take care of the serious matter first. Sighing I open Brady's door to see him sitting on his computer chair with fists balled up in anger. He is almost certainly going to start a fight as soon as he can. I stand there thinking for a while before I figure out what to say.
"Brady, you have no problems with anything I do or say." I figure that's broad enough. I hope. I look at his fists again, "You won't ever use violence except in self defense and you won't ever threaten anybody with violence." That should keep Jessica safe.
Looking at the stopwatch I think of something else. Since it's clear he almost certainly doesn't think much of me maybe I can use him as a test subject. "Brady, you will always answer direct questions from me honestly. You will not do anything to harm me or any of my friends or guests in any way." I can always try more later.
I leave his room and close the door before restarting time. Knocking on his door he opens it after a few seconds. "Yes? What do you want?" He asks me in a fairly polite tone.
Holding my thumb on the right button of Lillith's stopwatch I go for the straightforward approach. I would never do this normally but I'm feeling bolstered by the magical artifact. "You wanted to talk to me about having sex with Jessica?"
Brady looks momentarily confused, "Umm, yeah. Sorry about that. It just surprised me, that's all. I don't have a problem with you, umm, you know..." He's suddenly apologetic and has lost all of his brashness.
"You mean you're ok with me having sex with her?" I ask directly.
"Yeah, man I guess so. I wanted to bang her but I don't have a problem if you do..." he trails off not really knowing what else to say.
"Did you listen to us?" I ask.
His face turns red, "Yes, I kind of had to."
He seems pretty embarrassed about that. "What did you do while you listened?"
"I masturbated." He looks mortified and quickly adds. "I pulled up a porn and watched that too! I didn't just masturbate to you two!"
That's interesting. I nod and try not to smile but I'm curious about something. this should really show if he's being influenced by the stopwatch. "Hey Brady, why did you get kicked out of the fraternity?"
He goes pale as he answers, "I got caught fucking the fraternity president's mother. Then it came out I banged both his sisters and his brother. He didn't want people to know I slept with his mom and sisters and I didn't want people to know I slept with his brother. We agreed I'd get kicked out and never talk about it." He stops his explanation, "Oh fuck! Please don't tell anybody that! Seriously, it would ruin me and my reputation!"
That's kind surprising but I honestly expected some sordid sex tale. I stare at him at him for a while before saying, "We'll see." to his now terrified face before closing the door behind me as I leave. I doubt I'll make that public but it was a great test of the stopwatch's power.
Grinning I return to my room to Jessica calmly eating some chips, still naked in my bed. "Don't worry about Brady anymore." I jerk my thumb towards the wall. "He won't bother you at all anymore."
Despite using the stopwatch to tell her to calm down she sighs a breath of relief, "Oh good. I was worried about him." She holds up her phone, "Can I call my friend now? So she can pick me up?"
"Sure, sounds good. I'd take you home but I don't have a car." Although I could probably get one now. While Jessica calls her friend I take a good look around me. I have a few things in the common areas of the place but nearly everything I own is in this one small rented room. With Lillith's stopwatch I could probably get a much better place to live. I just need to figure out how to do that without leaving a paper trail that would be hard to explain.
"Excuse me," Jessica brings me out of my ruminations, "What's your name? I missed it earlier."
"Benjamin, but call me Ben." I say.
"Ok, Ben. Nice to meet you, I'm Jessica. Can you..." she looks slightly embarrassed, "Can you hand me my clothes. I'm still a little shaky. I've never cum that many times like that!"
"Of course I can." I find her clothes scattered around the room wherever we flung them and hand them to her. Having Jessica naked in my bed suddenly makes my arousal rush back. I was super turned on talking to Lillith but luckily it faded enough for me to deal with Brady.
Now? I have a hard time concentrating on anything else besides the sexy blonde. As she sits up Jessica notices my eyes roaming over her body. "Wow, after all that you want more?" I nod yes. "That would be fun but I'm kind of sore and I need to get dressed. My friend is going to be here in about ten minutes." She shrugs apologetically, making her lovely C cup breasts bounce. "Hey, can you give me your number. Maybe we can hook up again later."
Guess she thinks positively about me and the experience. I happily give her my number before she starts to pull on her clothes. I stop time before she can cover anything up. The voyeur in me wants to check out her sexy body more before she leaves. I'm really tempted to take a few pictures of her but I'm just rational enough to know that an electronic trail of nude pictures might not be the best idea.
Looking at her clothes I have an idea fuelled by my strong voyeuristic streak, "Jessica, you don't have to wear underclothes. You should be able to show off your sexy body."
I stare at her a bit more before restarting time. I really want to play more but her swollen pussy is looking more reddish than pink after the fucking and orgasming so many times. I don't want to push her from pleasurably sore to uncomfortably sore.
Hiding most of my grin, Jessica pulls on her tight black skirt and her tight white T-shirt. She leaves her bra and panties off, putting them by her purse. We make awkward small talk while waiting for her friend with Jessica flashing her pussy the whole time. Her nipples are showing through her white top too, along with her obviously braless breasts.
My arousal is growing but as much as I want to play with her more I recognize her body needs a break. Soon enough we hear a car pull into the small driveway and Jessica gets a text. Time for her to go. "Want me to walk you out?"
"Umm, sure. You don't have to though. And you're, umm..." she looks pointedly at my cock tenting my gym shorts.
"Let me get some pants on." I quickly strip before pulling on briefs and jeans while she gets her high heels back on. Now more presentable I walk her out to her waiting friend.
She gets out of the car when she sees Jessica and another rush of arousal hits me. Jessica's friend is another beauty with short pale blonde hair framing her pretty face. She looks to be in her mid 20s as well and has a body that's almost the textbook definition of the term shortstack.
She's a bit shorter than average with a bit of a thicker frame. Her choice of jeans and a scoop neck shirt highlight her nice legs, nice butt, nice waist, and massive chest showing a fair bit of cleavage. As a lover of breasts seeing her chest really gets me going.
"Girl, why are not not wearing your bra?" She says to Jessica. "Somebody's gonna run into things staring at your headlights."
Jessica mumbles something about not wanting to wear it and Megan laughs it off. "Hey, at least you got your panties on right?" She jokes. Her laughter dies out when Jessica mumbles something else, "What? You're really going commando? Well to each their own. You wanna flash the world that's on you." It's interesting that she seems to take the lack of underwear in stride like it's no big deal.
Jessica deflects by introducing us, "Ben, this is my friend Megan. Megan, this is Ben, the housemate of that other guy." I politely shake her hand while trying not to stare at her chest. I quickly stop time so I can get it out of my system. Except it doesn't help with that. Seeing her like this just turns me on more.
With a shaky hand I reach out to feel Megan's breasts. I now know the jolt of arousal and increased desire I get is in large part due to Lillith's "gift" to me. I mean, I would be aroused anyways but nothing as strong or almost overwhelming like this.
I look around and see a couple walking by, cars on the road, and a jogger across the street. All of them frozen in place on this early summer evening here in Denver. The couple is even looking this way, which gives my exhibitionist side a thrill even though they can't see me.
I pull up Megan's shirt to uncover her soft belly and sturdy beige bra. She looks odd with the fabric bunched up above her breasts so I pull her shirt higher. It's easy to move her like an action figure until her arms are pointing straight up, making it easier to take her top off.
I pull her shirt up over her head until it's up above her elbows. I let go of the fabric and it stays hanging in place. Quickly unhooking her heavy bra I pull that up, leaving it on her arms too. With her arms stretched up like they are her huge breasts are pulled up higher on her chest.
She has wide pink areola and thick nipples capping her huge soft breasts. With a lusty moan I grab each breast in a hand, marveling at how soft they are. I don't know what size she is but each mammary is well over a handful. They are easily the biggest pair I've ever been lucky enough to play with.
I squeeze them before letting them go and staring wide eyed at the scene. This is fulfilling my voyeuristic and exhibitionist kinks and fantasies in a way I never thought would be possible. I have another brief internal debate about what to do but the super aroused lusty side wins out again. I don't know whether to thank Lillith or not for putting me in this sexually amazing, but morally questionable situation.
Leaning forward I grab one huge breast with both hands and bring my face down to it. I start kissing and licking her soft skin and rapidly hardening thick nipple. I make the decision that if I'm going to play with someone I'm going to make sure they always get pleasure out of it too.
After giving one breast a lot of attention I switch to the other. More kissing and licking and sucking and another thick nipple gets erect. I've never played with breasts for this long in one go before so I take my time getting to know her chest. I taste all over her breasts, lick around her wide areola, and kiss and suck and lick on her firm thick nipples.
After a long while I simply rest my face against her chest with a happy sigh. "Fuck, I hope you love getting your breasts played with as much as I loved playing with them."
Standing upright I realize that while playing with her breasts alleviated some of my lust it really cranked me up too. My cock is straining in my pants and almost desperately wants release. Megan's bare breasts right in front of me seem to be the obvious choice to help with that.
I notice her breasts are frozen in place, pushed to the sides somewhat from my face being buried between them. I reach out and push one up and let go. It stays up where I left it. That's really interesting. Grabbing it again I give her breast a little shake and I'm treated to her large breasts jiggling in my hand. It seems my hands affect thing differently. Interesting and maybe something to test.
That brief thought get pushed out as I have another, more fun thought. I grab each huge breast in a hand and shake them back and forth, slapping them against each other. I've always wanted to do this and I love the way each breast moves and ripples heavily in my hands. It's an impressive and sexy sight.
That's finally what does it for me. I push her breasts up and together and let go quickly with them staying high and proud on her chest. I unzip my pants and pull out my cock. That's great but sort of awkward so I strip off my pants and underwear entirely. My shirt follows until I'm stark naked in the driveway. Well, naked except for my shoes.
Thinking Jessica could join the fun I pull her skirt up around her waist and her shirt up above her head with her arms up. I play her chest too and gently run finger over her swollen nether lips, still wet with arousal. I almost get distracted by her beautiful breasts but I want to have fun with Megan right now.
Back in front of the busty short blonde I realize I can't really see Jessica anymore. I'm fairly strong and figure I could probably reposition her so I can look at her while playing with her friend. I go to carefully pick her up but she seems to only weigh a few pounds with time stopped.
It's incredibly easy to move her around behind Megan. While I'm at it I spread her legs slightly and shift her body to a pose that really displays her pussy and breasts. I give them a little more attention too. It's not like I don't have the time.
With the taller blonde exposed and on display behind her, I turn my attention back to Megan and her big breasts. After playing with them I really want to get my cock between them. She's not quite the right height though.
With some careful positioning I put Megan in an almost impossible pose. She's basically squatting down and leaning forward with her back arched. It's the most ridiculous and sexy yoga looking pose the has her huge breasts right at cock level for me.
I grab her soft breasts and slide my cock in between them. Doing the same thing as earlier I smack her breasts together, this time not only seeing but feeling the rippling flesh as her heavy breasts hit my hard cock. It's amazing and I do it a few more times. "I just love touching your boobs." I mutter. "And I'm sure I'm going to love fucking them."
Holding her breasts with my hands I start to fuck them. Feeling her smooth, soft skin against my shaft along with the heavy weight of them shaking and jiggling against me is better than I imagined something like this would be. Seeing her breasts and pink nipples and areola shaking under my hands adds to it too.
Almost embarrassingly quickly I feel myself about to cum. Not wanting to make a mess I pull my cock away and finish myself with my hand while groping a huge breast. I look back and forth between the two sexy women. My seed spills on the grass by the driveway as I grunt and moan in pleasure.
"Oh fuck yeah, your boobs feel amazing!" I moan, still holding onto one tightly. "Damn! I bet they feel great with anybody lucky enough to play with them."
Panting with my cock still hard and wanting more I have an idea. I press Megan's breasts firmly together and let go, leaving then squished against each other. I lean forward and grab her shoulders. Lining up my cock I slowly press it forward between them.
Amazingly they mostly stay where they are with my cock barely squeezing between the soft skin and oddly firm flesh. "Oooohhh, sooo gooood!" I moan.
I start slowly fucking her breasts and get the fantastic feeling of her smooth skin paired with a tight channel between them. It's kind of like I have my dick in the tightest pussy but with the heavy weight of big breasts added.
"Ugh! So... fucking... good... oh... fuck..." I move a little faster and the feeling has me grunting out single words. "Fuck! Love... cock... fucking... breasts... feel... so... good... it's... the fucking... best!"
Her breasts jiggle slightly as I fuck them. The wide areola and thick nipples shaking and on full display as my cock slides back and forth between her luscious mounds. This time I don't pull my cock away when I feel myself getting close. Instead I keep fucking her big breasts to push me over the edge. Grunting and moaning I shoot my pearly white cum between them.
After a while I step back, breathing heavily as my orgasm subsides, "You are both amazing at sex!" Well, at least amazing feeling when getting fucked. "I hope that feels as good for you as it did for me." They don't answer of course but looking at their sexy naked bodies on display is quite a sight.
Feeling like my arousal has gone down some I head back inside to grab a towel to clean up the mess I made. I wipe off Megan's breasts, taking care of all my cum. I make sure to rub them extra thoroughly in the process. With the now dirty towel in my laundry hamper I turn my attention to getting the pair of women dressed again.
Jessica is fairly easy. I carry her to about where she was and pull down her shirt and skirt. I pose her in roughly the same position as she was when I stopped time. Again I can't seem to do something like that without my hands automatically fondling and groping her at least a little bit.
After positioning her back like she was, Megan is a little more challenging. Getting her sturdy bra back on takes some figuring out. I've taken bras off but I haven't put any on. Her being frozen helps with it though. Once it's in place, at least as well as I can manage, I pull her shirt back down with some groping and fondling for her too.
I look at the now fully dressed pair again as I slowly pull on my own clothes. "You two are so sexy!" I say as I get my pants on. "This was amazing and I'd love to do it again and again." I realize I didn't do anything below Megan's waist, "And there's so much more we could do! I definitely want us to play with each other and fuck more. That would be a lot of fun!"
Thinking about why I don't just play with them more now I realize it's because we could all use a shower and Jessica could use some recovery time. While it doesn't really gross me out or anything I'm not a huge fan of cum. I would prefer to have them showered and cleaned up better before I start kissing and licking them again.
Fully dressed now I restart time. Jessica, and especially Megan, immediately moan in surprise and pleasure. Megan starts screaming loudly with her orgasm as she stumbles back against her car. I hear gasps from the couple on the sidewalk and immediately stop time again.
The pair I played with are clearly in the throes of pleasure. I'm guessing everything I did to them hit all at once and it seems overwhelming. The couple by the street are staring in shock and pointing. Other people will notice stuff like this I guess.
I really don't want anyone complaining about things like this so I go to the couple, "Seeing them orgasm is normal and nothing to worry about." They're holding hands on a Saturday evening stroll and they seem like a nice couple so I add something fun for them, "Whenever you see someone orgasm you both get really turned on and will want to have some kind of sex as soon as possible." I figure that should help spice up their sex life.
Back by the car I start time again. Jessica continues her moaning and Megan keeps screaming in pleasure. I guess her breasts are pretty sensitive to get that kind of reaction. I glance at the couple and they're both still staring but this time with looks of lust on their faces.
Jessica recovers first but she's still a little shaky from earlier while Megan eventually stops screaming and leans against the car gasping for breath. I hear quick footsteps and the couple turned around and they're jogging away, presumably to go bang each other. That's fun. I should do stuff like that more often.
Once they've both recovered enough the pair turns to me. "You know," Megan says looking me up and down, "want to come back to my place with us?" She asks in a sultry tone, obviously propositioning me. Jessica nods agreement.
I stand there speechless a moment, long enough to get puzzled expressions. I quickly stop time again to think. Do I want to go home with them? I look at stopwatch and the frozen world around me.
What do I want to do? There are so many possibilities with this. Do I go home with this pair? Go to the nearby college? They have a gym, swimming pool, library, and more. It's Saturday evening so hardly any classes. Bars and restaurants are nearby. Some shopping too. I could go back to my work and really mess with people. With Megan and her car here I could have her take me wherever I want.
Lots of clichéd fantasies run through my head and I lean against the car thinking. There are so many options I don't know what to do.