I had started a new job that required carpooling. I wasn't super comfortable with it, for a number of reasons. I'd be alone with a stranger, and it's a guy. I'm any event, it was a requirement so I went with it. Hopefully the background checks were good.
Turns out he's a pretty chill guy. We had some pretty long car rides back and forth, an hour or more one way. So, we talked. A lot. Sometimes about our spouses, sometimes about our hobbies, likes and dislikes. Turns out he was my type, which was a problem if you think about it considering our married states.
Somehow, we got personal. It started as a joke about a geeky podcast with a suggestive title.
"OK, I have questions," I said as I heard the opener to the podcast. "This
doesn't sound as innocent as you made it seem."
He laughed a bit and said, "I swear its not what it sounds like." I gave him a look of humorous disbelief.
"It's not a BDSM podcast I swear. It's about daddies and d&d."
"Aw what a shame, " I cracked, but only half joking. What he didn't know about me is that I have a small interest in light bdsm, and the thought of a daddy and a dungeon kind of got me a little... well. I wasn't telling him that, at least I wasn't planning to. I shifted in my seat a little as the tingle intensified. Man, I either need to get laid or just get off, what the fuck?, I thought to myself.
He looked over at me for a moment while driving, "You ok?" I gave him a
look, and I could feel my face heat up. Being a redhead, it was an awful affliction. Any excitement or embarrassment showed immediately. Since I had a combination of both, it was more intense. "Yeah, I'm fine. " I giggled a bit awkwardly. He just looked back at me from the road, and did a couple double takes. He shifts a bit in his seat.
"What do you have a thing for daddies or something? Get a little heated?" He half smiled as he said it. Was he feeling me out? I had no idea, but I decided to call him on it a bit just for, well I did say he was my type. He'd already featured in many of my late-night fantasies.
"Well, I mean, I haven't been laid in a while so..." I replied. He does another double take.
"You have a husband?" I wasn't sure
why it sounded like a question, but it did.
"Yeah, but it doesn't mean we fuck a lot." I purposely used fuck, I think it gives a more... aggressive sound.
"So you and your husband don't fuck?" You could hear the disbelief in his voice.
I shrug, "Well no, and to be fair to him I'm pretty highly sexed."
I could see him look over at me peripherally again, and I knew my face was still bright pink. I'm staring straight ahead at the road. I can still feel my pussy tingling.
"OK. So now I have questions." he said, with a tone of disbelief.
I upped the game a bit. "Well, ask away. What exactly are you
questioning?" He got quiet for a minute. I think he was weighing his options. Was I serious? Would he piss me off if he actually asked? What was he going to ask? Finally, he takes a small breath, "So then, what do you do to, you know, feel better?"
I chuckled a little bit, "What do you think I do? I masturbate like any other hard-up person." My pussy is starting to throb. At this point, I know when we get to our destination, I'm going to need to excuse myself for 10 minutes and take care of myself. It was going to drive me insane all day. I wiggle a bit in my seat.
He gives me an unreadable look. I don't know if he's shocked, intrigued, or uncomfortable. He hesitates a bit, but then responds to me. "So, you just get yourself off all the time?" I look at his profile as he's driving, "Well
yeah. I mean I have needs but my husband isn't as excitable as I am. I do what I need to do when I'm alone and I need to cum."
"How often does this... need... happen," he asked, he voice had gotten a little rough.
I kind of knew he was getting a little worked up, even if it was unwilling. "More often than is appropriate, to be honest. It hits me at odd times, and I have to take care of it, or I'm distracted all day. "
He shifted again in his seat, "What do you mean by inappropriate?"
I decided to let it all loose. My pussy was crying to be touched, and this conversation wasn't helping.
"Oh, I don't know, like right now."
He choked a little, and got quiet. I
figured he was horrified by my comment, but my horny brain had very little filter at this point. My jeans were rubbing through my underwear, causing some friction on my clit. It was torture.
Suddenly, he blurts, "Well if you need to cum, why don't you just go ahead and do what you need to do?"
"I'm currently on the interstate, in a car with my boss," I scoffed. Oh boy, this wasn't helping at all. I knew if I could feel my pussy, my clit would be hard and my hole soaked. I was excited by the idea of getting off while he watched. Would he get a hard on? Would he be able to smell my pussy? Would he watch as he drove? I must have made a sound, because he began speaking again, "I'm serious. Call it a boss looking out for his employee, it will help with your work performance, right?"
I knew then that he actually wanted me to. I stared out of the passenger side window for a few moments. I debated internally. Would this be a bad idea? Would other people be able to see? I made my decision pretty quickly.
I closed my eyes. My hand reached down to the button on my jeans and flicked them open. I wiggled my hand down till I could feel my wet slit, and began rubbing. I sighed.
I could sense his presence next to me go on high alert. I knew he kept looking over as my hand moved inside my jeans. I jerked a little in my seat as I touched myself. My whole pussy was sensitive.
I could hear him gasp. His voice was a little deep when he spoke, "You feeling good?"
I gasped a little as I replied, "Yeah, but it ah... could be a little better."
He spoke again, "Well what do you need? Just do what you have to do. Whatever it is, I'm fine with it. "
I moaned quietly. I needed the seat back. I needed to have my tits out. I wanted to spread my legs wide so I could get some fingers inside.... I needed to cum in front of my boss. That is what I wanted. I wanted him to hear me in the throes of an orgasm.
So, I did just that. I pulled my hand out from my jeans and jerked the seat into a reclined position. Pulled my shirt up and bra down, and let my tits free. Cocked my legs as best I could for better access.
"Damn girl, your nipples are hard as rocks, " I heard him say as my tits popped out. I looked over at him, and I could tell he was getting excited by
what I could see of his face. His hand went down to his crotch, and he made an adjustment.
I spoke then, my voice had a hitch, "You look a little excited yourself, you ok?"
He rubbed the now obvious bulge in his jeans. "Well, when a woman pulls her tits out while she's knuckle deep in her pussy, it's kind of hard not to have your cock stand at attention. I'll be fine, you just keep doing what you're doing."
I moaned again; this time louder. Hearing him talking about what was going on in his passenger seat got me hotter. I kept staring at that intriguing bulge while working my fingers in and out of my throbbing pussy.
"That getting you a little worked up?
Me telling you to go ahead and work that pussy of yours?" Oh please, keep talking, I thought to myself. I nodded, not knowing if he could see my response. He must have, because he continued.
"Do you like getting off in front of your boss? Or is it knowing my cock is hard as bricks? That's right, make that pussy feel good. I want to see you cum."
I moaned as he talked, I was past the point of caring about anything. I reached my other hand down and stuffed it into my jeans and began working my clit while my other hand fingered my dripping hole.
I bowed into myself as I got closer to cumming, both hands speeding up. All you could hear in the car was our rough breathing and the wet sounds coming from between my legs.
Suddenly, I felt him pinch my hard nipple. My eyes opened wide as it sent me over the edge. The thought that my boss, this quiet unassuming, yet sexy man was listening and watching me get off was unbearable. His help just made me wild.
I cried out, lifting my ass off the seat as I mercilessly made myself cum. I felt the gush of fluid leak out of me. My whole body jerked with my orgasm.
I continued slowly working my clit as I pulled out my hand that was inside of me. That hard found itself in his hand being raised to his face. I had no idea what he was doing, until I saw him take a deep breath my hand under his nose. He grunted, and suddenly he sucked my first two fingers into his mouth. I could feel his tongue moving along and around my fingers.
Without thinking I said, "You like the taste of that pussy?" My other hand was still in my jeans rubbing my still sensitive clit.
He looked me dead square in the eyes, took my fingers out of his mouth, and simply said, "Yes."
Ok, now I wanted more. My pussy pulled again. I moaned.
But I had to stop. We were 20 minutes from our destination. I pulled my right hand out of my jeans, my left hand away from him, put my tits away (his eyes flicked between my tits and the road), and sat up the seat.
I sighed, "OK, I feel a lot better now. I'm sorry your cock is so hard. When we get there, why don't you go take care of it?"
He grunted again, and said, "No, I'm saving this for my wife. " My mouth opened and closed a few times. I didn't know how to respond to that. I started feeling guilty, and then he shocked me.
"She'll love hearing about this."
Wait. What? We finished the rest of our trip in silence while I mulled over what he said. He didn't elaborate.
"Wh-wh-what did you mean?", I stammered out once we arrived "About your wife?"
"It means, honey, she's going to cum buckets when I tell her what you did today. It means, she's going to want to meet you sometime. It means," he leaned in close to me, his voice lowered, "one of these days, we're going to fuck you, but good." As he finished his statement, his lips crashed into mine, his tongue delving
deep into my mouth, battling with mine. I groaned; his words were wreaking havoc in my brain. Then suddenly, he pulled back, winked, and got out of the car.