DISCLAIMER: This story has a strong exhibitionist theme. If it is not your cup of tea, I strongly urge you not to go ahead. The author strongly recommends safe sexual practices to be followed to avoid STDs and unwanted pregnancies.
All the characters in the story are above 18 years of age.
----------
Harshita stood in front of the washroom mirror post her second shower. She stood butt naked with her hair tied into a neat bun with the wet towel. She admired her own naked body. She wondered what Navin or Manoj thought about her body. She wondered if they liked it or just made out with her since she was naked and available. Whatever it was, she was contended. A month back she was pretty much a homely girl, now she is a slut who had two guys' cum sprayed on her in the morning.
Her hand travelled to her aching clit. She wanted another release. She looked outside, and it was fully bright. She didn't want to be caught naked by anyone else. She rushed back to her house butt naked.
------
Harshita was back in her home. She observed the guy she just gave a blowjob to. Navin was passed out on the sofa. He had a lanky frame. Navin had sparse body hair and a fairly thick bush in his crotch. His penis had shrivelled now. "So cute," Harshita whispered. Navin did not flinch.
Harshita squeezed herself next to Navin and snuggled against his naked body. It felt romantic and nice. Harshita dozed off.
------
Harshita was woken up by Navin's hardness pushing into her asscheeks. Harshita became instantly wet. The feeling that she was just an inch from losing her virginity excited her beyond belief.
Navin was hugging her from behind kissing Harshita's neck. His hands were groping her breasts. His warm breath drafted across her neck making her more excited. She relaxed and rhythmically pushed her hips against his pelvis.
Navin's foreskin was pulled back with his bulbous pink head rubbing against Harshita's pussy lips. Her pussy was leaking fluids onto his penis and her thighs. It caused his penis to slide with less friction.
The rhythmic movement of the pelvis finally aligned Navin's dick perfectly in her pussy opening. Harshita was excited beyond her control.
She was pushing her hips into Navin as Navin did the final push. His penis entered her unexplored pussy hole with a snap. Harshita let out a loud whimper. A sharp pain surged through her pussy. She clutched Navin's hand hard as she winced in pain.
Navin stopped pushing concerned that he had hurt her. Navin asked, "Did I hurt you?"
Harshita replied, "No dear, you have deflowered me."
Navin felt elated that he had been the first guy to make love to Harshita. Although he was technically correct, he was not the first man Harshita made out with and he was not the first man she gave a BJ to.
Finally, Harshita relaxed. Her hips started slowly rocking. The sensation was immense with Navin's penis slowly entering her in and out. Her hand slowly circled her clitoris as Navin fucked her with slow thrusts. She was getting incredibly wet and horny with her first penetration.
Navin, on the other hand, was struggling to hold himself from ramming fast into her. The sensation of her warm, soft folds was too much for him to handle. He started thrusting hurriedly. His balls tensed and he let out a loud grunt. His hips tensed and he plunged deep into her. Stream after stream of warm cum flooded her pussy.
Navin's penis slipped out leading to a stream of cum leaking out of her pussy. The sudden distraction of cum leaking on her parents' couch stopped her rhythm. She immediately clutched her pussy to stop the mess. She grabbed the thin towel from her hair to wipe her pussy.
Harshita wondered why all the cum leaked out of her pussy. She was concerned that her pussy was blocked from inside. She has seen movies where actresses make love and sleep. No one has shown the cum flows out.
Harshita turned to look at Navin passed out on the couch. She was disappointed since she had not climaxed. She started rubbing herself. She imagined Manoj Bhaiya deflowering her. She fantasised about Manoj's big fat dick pushing inside her. She wondered how it would have felt like. The thought of Manoj climaxing inside her pushed her to an orgasm. Harshita dozed off on the couch next to Navin.
She woke up an hour later. Navin was still in deep sleep. Her disappointment was gone now. She felt an attraction to the man who deflowered her and filled her womb. She made a mental note to ask Navin to get birth control later that day. This would be the worst time to get pregnant. But she felt conflicted that she would have loved to carry Navin's baby in her. It was a strange feeling.
She snuggled against Navin once again. He stirred awake. She held his chin and kissed him.
She told Navin, "I am making myself a chai. Do you want one?"
Navin nodded.
She headed to the kitchen butt naked. Navin admired her butt as followed her. "The best day," he told himself as he leaned on the kitchen door frame. He watched a naked Harshita prepare two cups of chai.
--------
Later that day, Navin sneaked into the room at 10 pm as agreed previously. As usual, Harshita was butt naked. Harshita hugged him and kissed his lips. Navin already sported a boner which pushed into Harshita's abdomen.
She broke the kiss to ask, "Did you get it?"
Navin blushed and handed her. She took the pill and popped it.
She grabbed his hand and headed to the bedroom. She hurriedly undressed him. She lay on the bed and held him tight. His penis was pushing on her pussy struggling to find the entrance. She guided him inside her. As he slowly pushed inside, she felt him filling her up. It was different from the morning penetration where Navin spooned her. She liked him on top.
It took less than a minute for Navin to shift his gears from rhythmic penetration to frantic thrusting. Harshita watched Navin as he pushed in deeper and deeper. His face contorted, his chest muscles tightened, and his hips pushed his penis deep inside her. She felt her pussy filled with his warm cum with every twitch of his penis.
Harshita wiped the leaking cum from her pussy with her towel. Navin slept off in no time. Harshita hugged him and slept.
----
Unbehest to Navin's knowledge, Harshita opened the window early in the morning.
Manoj walked the stairs in an enthusiastic mood. After all, he had made out with a young girl for the past two days. He hoped he gets lucky today.
Harshita closed her eyes when she heard Manoj's footsteps. She hugged Navin from the side with both lying naked. She breathed normally to avoid Manoj from figuring out she is wide awake.
Manoj could see Harshita's window open: a positive sign. He cheerfully approached the open window.
The view inside devastated Manoj. A naked Harshita snuggled against a boy's naked body. Manoj recognised Navin. He chastised himself for thinking Harshita is his. After all, he is a middle-aged man and Harshita is a young girl in her twenties.
Manoj quickly averted his eyes. He could no longer look. He quickly paced himself to finish the work and left.
---
Harshita heard the receding footsteps. She hoped Manoj Bhaiya would enjoy looking at her naked body. She didn't realise she would hurt him by sleeping with Navin. She instantly felt guilty. She clutched Navin tight hoping the guilt will fade away.
- to be continued.