Lena and Tim had never been to a costume party before. This Halloween when Lena's friend Serena asked if she wanted to come to her party Lena's first instinct was to say no. She and Tim didn't care much for parties and she hadn't dressed up for Halloween in years. About eighteen years actually. She thought about it at her desk at work and very reluctantly replied to Serena's email with; 'Sure, Tim and I will have a blast!' Convincing Tim would be easier than Lena had anticipated. She was certain he'd reply with a sarcastic decline but to her surprise he agreed to go. More to her surprise he seemed genuinely excited about it.
"Oh sure hun!" Tim said, "I haven't dressed up in ages! What are you going as?"
This year had seen a resurgence in super hero movies and 'The Elite' had held box office records for three weeks. The Elite were a group of four super heroes; two married couples who were boring every day parents by day and justice seeking crime fighters by night. It was a no brainer if you were going to a costume party this year you'd be going as one of 'The Elite'.
"I thought I'd go as Hot Mama." Lena said.
Hot Mama was the sassy red haired woman from the movie who always had sarcastic and smarmy one liners for the bad guys right before she kicked the crap out of them and the police showed up. She wore a thin revealing black and gold spandex suit when she fought crime. Calling it a suit would be generous. In reality it was a small chest plate of armour which was a glorified push up bra and a very short black skirt that barely covered her bikini cut armour bottoms.
"Hmm.. Well, then I think I'll go as The Judge!" Tim said.
The Judge was Hot Mama's husband in the movie. He was a county judge who spent his evenings catching dirt bags with his wife and the other two characters only to hand down harsh sentences when they showed up in his courtroom days later. He wore a black suit of lightweight armour with a white helmet that covered his face. His main weapon was a gavel that electro-sonically stunned and incapacitated bad guys.
"Well," Lena said, "We definitely won't be the only Hot Mama and Judge at the party, but at least our costumes will be easy to find."
Tim was excited and had gone ahead and purchased officially licensed movie costumes for them both online. He was lucky to find them. With only two weeks to go until Halloween they were sure to sell out fast. The costumes arrived the day before the party. Lena and Tim had spent the night before freaking out, trying to come up with a back up plan or an excuse that Serena would buy. Friday morning though a box was delivered to Lena at work. The label on the box read 'Freedom Play'.
That night after dinner she and Tim opened their costumes and tried them on in front of each other. Tim's costume was the same crummy quality as a lot of costumes. The outfit wasn't quite as shown in the online pictures. Instead of being made of a flexible rubber material the only rubber on the costume was the cheap shin pads, the cheesy chest plate and the helmet. The rest was simply black leotard that looked sheer when stretched thin by Tim's legs. Tim wasn't a skinny man, so he filled it out.
The online picture of a man wearing the costume showed a long black cape hung over his leg and across his front. The reality was that the cape included barely hung to Tim's waist, leaving his front fully exposed. His bulge stuck out the front of the sheer black leotard leaving the precise shape, right down to the ridge of the head of his cock, visible for all to see.
She giggled when she saw Tim in his costume. He looked excited though and she was happy he agreed to come to Serena's party. She felt like doing something new and had never expected Tim to agree to come. He was genuinely excited though and had been in a better mood than he'd been in for quite awhile.
He even seemed more sexually interested lately. He'd fucked Lena every night in the last week leading up to the party, a few times pulling his cock out of her right before orgasm to blow his load all over her mound or tits. One night they'd fooled around on the couch for awhile and Lena kept holding out on him. She'd suck his cock until it was dark purple and she could feel it expand as his urethra widened to make room for the huge load he was about to spew only to stop at the last possible moment. Tim eventually became so frustrated he got on top of Lena and held her down with his weight while he vigorously rubbed his cock to orgasm right over top of her. He blew a load of hot thick white cum all over Lena's face. It burst out of him in intense gushes.
Lena cried out an "Oh my god, Tim!" after the release of the first load only to smile in between heavy breaths as he emptied himself onto her face. Tim slipped his swollen cock into Lena's mouth as it softened and he wiped the last few beads of cum onto her tongue. She laid there for a moment taking in what had just happened as she caught her breath and licked the sweet cum from her lips. Their sex life had waned for a few years, consisting largely of missionary sex a couple times a month with Tim often too tired to really give Lena a good fucking. Lately though they couldn't get enough of each other and felt encouraged to try new things.
Lena really loved Tim and was happy their sex life had been improving. Tim had been working out a few times a week and they were both feeling a lot more confident. It really showed in Lena. She had her hair done a few times recently, something she'd never done for herself in the previous 10 years. Her hair was normally sandy blonde and she wore it quite long. She'd recently had it cut to almost half the length, dyed and straightened. It looked sexy and confident. Tim had started lifting weights again in the garage and could see the changes in himself. He liked it. He felt strong and virile.
Lena's costume was also cheaply made but less embarrassing than Tim's. Mostly because there wasn't much to it. There was a latex mask that covered half the face, a black and gold plastic chest piece, a small black bikini bottom and a very short black skirt to go over top of it. Lena tried the skirt on over top of the leggings she was wearing just to make sure it at least fit her waist. The chest piece didn't leave much to the imagination. The costume was a 'One Size Fits All' though they clearly hadn't taken the chest piece into consideration. Lena's soft, pale C cups mounded out of the chest piece revealing a lot of cleavage. The round milky sides of her breasts extended out beyond it. She was sporting a good two inches of side boob on both sides.
"Holy shit," Tim said. "That's awesome!"
"Ah Tim, you would say that sweetheart," Lena said as she smiled at him.
She waited until Tim's eyes left her breasts and returned her gaze back then she flicked her eyes quickly to his growing bulge.
"It sure is awesome.. stud," she said with a wink.
She was a little irritated the costume didn't fit her as she would have liked but she was flattered by Tim's reaction. She also thought her tits looked pretty great in the costume. Getting the courage to actually wear it in front of others would be the difficult part. 'Who cares. They're mostly strangers you'll never see again,' she thought. She'd never been confident enough to really show off her body but as she got older she found herself less concerned with what other people thought. In fact she appreciated her full fleshy physique more than ever.
That night after dinner Tim settled into his new Lazy Boy with a beer just in time for baseball. Lena decided to have a bath and forget about the day. She was undressing in their bedroom where the costumes lay sitting on the bed. She saw the black bikini bottom and thought she should at least try it on before the party just in case. She slid off the panties she was wearing, put on the bikini bottom and checked herself out in the large stand up mirror on the back of the door.
"One size fits all my ass," she muttered to herself.
Lena had a great ass. It was on the larger side, didn't sag at all and was nicely rounded. She'd been doing squats lately with Tim's old weight bar in the garage and thought to herself they were paying off. The bikini bottom didn't come close to covering her ass. The cut sat about half way up her ass cheeks leaving them exposed. She turned around to inspect the front. The material that covered the crotch tapered narrowly leaving about a thumbs width of Lena's hairy mound exposed on either side. She could tell it wasn't made to fit someone with wide full hips. 'Dammit', she thought. 'Well it's too late now to return them and I don't have time to go out and get another costume. Not to mention these weren't cheap. I'll just have to make due.' Lena contemplated the costume for a moment then turned and looked at her ass again. She was proud of it. It still looked fantastic and she was nearing 40. She smiled confidently, stripped naked and drew herself a bath.
She stood in front of the large vanity mirror while the tub filled with hot steaming water. She stared at her breasts. She'd always liked her breasts. They were large and full and sat just right on her. Her soft pink nipples topped them off nicely. She reached up and touched her left nipple, playing with it gently between her thumb and index finger. Her eyes followed the taper of her small narrow waist as it swelled into her wide full hips. 'No wonder the stupid costume didn't fit properly,' she thought. Look at my hips. She was proud of her hips. She was a woman. A full, round, fleshy woman with wondrous wide hips. She smiled to herself as she turned slightly sideways to view her full creamy butt cheeks.
She slid slowly into the tub, sinking as her ass slid down the smooth length of it. She leaned back and closed her eyes. Her body gently rocked in the warm water creating little waves that licked her nipples which sat just slightly above the surface. The sensation reminded Lena of having her nipples sucked and the thought made her go flush. She felt a tiny electric shock somewhere from within the depths of her pussy. She smiled as she slid her hand slowly between her soft thick thighs. She thrust the pad of her middle finger between her meaty pink pussy lips, dragging it along the smooth inside until it pulled back the tiny hood covering her clitoris. She moved her finger tip in slow little circles across her clit as it swelled.
She started daydreaming about a particularly exciting experience she'd had at the gym a couple months ago. Tim was out drinking with his buddies one Saturday night while Lena sat at home with nothing much to do. She'd recently signed up for a gym membership as part of her new plan to get in better shape before she reached 40. It was about 10 at night and she decided to head down to the gym for an hour. It was only 10 minutes away and she thought it might be nice to use their sauna. The gym was pretty quiet at twenty after ten on a Saturday. On her way in she passed a couple who were leaving and there didn't seem to be anyone else there. She changed into her workout clothes and headed for one of the ellipticals. She hated running on treadmills and didn't care much for the stationary bikes or rowing machines.
After 30 minutes on the elliptical she decided to have a quick shower then head home. Tim would be home soon and she didn't feel like sitting around in the sauna. She was warm enough after her workout. As she headed for the change room she saw a young blonde haired man, who looked to be in his early twenties, using a weight machine in the weights room which was separated from the cardio room by a glass wall. He was the only other person in the gym and the only person she'd seen since she got there. She watched him workout as she headed toward the change rooms. He was working his legs and quietly counting his reps.
When Lena got back to the change room there was no one in there. She was irritated to find she'd left her clothes in a bunch on one of the benches and they'd since toppled onto the floor which was wet in a few places. 'Shit, I can't wear these sweaty ass clothes home,' she thought to herself. She stripped off her tight sweaty clothes and walked to the showers at the back of the room. There was a pool of water leading away from one of the showers. She noticed a sign taped to the back wall, 'Women's showers out of order, being fixed Monday. We apologize for the inconvenience.'
'Shit,' she thought. 'I can't go home like this.'
Not wanting to wear her wet clothes nor her sweaty workout clothes she riffled around in her gym bag. In one of the end pockets there was a short little black spandex skirt she'd bought and used only once when she first signed up. They had offered a women's water aerobics class that Lena wanted to try out and she bought this little waterproof skirt to wear over her bikini bottom. In the other end of her gym bag she found a soft, thin white t shirt she'd stuffed in there at some point.
'Good enough. It's not like anyone will see me anyways.' She thought to herself.
She stepped into the little black skirt and pulled it up over her ass. It was short. In fact she could feel the cool locker room air on her bare ass cheeks but she was confident it would be just fine for the thirty seconds it would take her to get from the gym to her car. She put on the white t shirt, sliding it down over plump breasts. The shirt was a little snug but at this point she could care less. No one would see her.
She stuffed her wet clothes into her bag and walked out into the hallway that led back to the main gym area. Just as she was leaving the change room she heard the squeak of another door. The young blonde haired man from the weight room was leaving the men's change room. His hair was wet and slicked back, a damp towel hung over his shoulder.
'The men's showers are working,' Lena thought to herself.
The man smiled at her and said hello. Lena smiled back and gave a simple "Hi." The man was in very good shape and Lena felt a little awkward around him. His eyes darted to her chest for a second as he passed and walked out towards the doors. The glance took Lena a little by surprise. She had great tits but no one ever really looked at her chest, let alone men 15 years younger than her. She felt flattered and a quiet smile came over her face. She looked down and remembered she wasn't wearing a bra. Her large breasts caused the shirt to become see through as it stretched across her hardened nipples. The man had looked right at her nipples. She felt a warm flush in her pussy. The glance had turned her on and she liked it. She liked being looked at that way.
She walked to the end of the hall and took a peek out into the main gym area. There wasn't a single person in sight. She headed back down the hall towards the change rooms and as she approached the men's change room door she paused briefly. If there was someone in there she could quickly apologize and say she's new and doesn't know the gym that well. It occurred to her most men probably wouldn't care if a sexy woman with hard nipples walked in on them anyways. They'd probably find it as exciting as she did. A small part of her secretly hoped there would be a man in there changing. Maybe drying off after a shower, his wet soft cock hanging out in front of him. Lena's pussy gave a little electric zap. She opened the door to the men's change room.
She opened it half way then paused for a split second. No one was in there. She walked in and quietly looked around. The wet footprints of the blonde man were still pooled on the floor leading away from one of the showers. Lena put her bag down on the bench and pulled her skirt down. She made sure to place it in her bag this time as she couldn't afford to get this outfit wet. She pulled off her shirt and put it with the skirt. She grabbed a bar of soap from within her bag, walked to the shower the blonde man had used and turned it on. Hot water rained down over her naked body. She knew she shouldn't be in the men's room. At the very least she'd lose her membership if caught.
The glance from the blonde man kept playing through her head. She started to breath heavily and she could feel her heart beating harder. What turned her on more was the idea of a man walking in on her at any second while she was fully nude and exposed in the shower. What would she say? How would she react? How would the man react? Lena had never thought of cheating on Tim and she was happily married. She didn't want to do sexual things with other men. She was simply excited by the idea of being exposed and being seen nude. She'd never been an exhibitionist in her life. She was far too insecure and shy. She changed in the back of her car once at the beach while Tim held a towel over her. That was as exposed as she got in public.
She was breathing very heavily now and could feel the blood rushing to her pussy causing her lips to open, revealing her soft inner lips. She badly wanted to reach down and furiously rub her engorged clit and cum hard right there in the men's shower. She knew though that if she was caught it would be a much more serious issue then simply walking into the wrong change room. She rubbed her entire body with soap until it was covered in thick white suds. She rinsed off, watching the globs of soap run over her tits, down her stomach and across her mound. From there it ran down the inside of her thigh and onto the floor. She dried off and put her skimpy little outfit back on and left the change room. On her way out of the gym two men around the age of thirty were heading in for a workout. She smiled at them and gave a "Hi boys." The two men smiled back and said "Hello," at almost the exact same time. Both of them glanced at her tits and she pretended not to noticed as she got her keys out of her bag. In the reflection of her windshield she saw them both turn their heads to check out her ass in the little black skirt. Her pussy throbbed and she smiled.
When she got home Tim was passed out in the Lazy Boy. An infomercial for some fantastic juicer was quietly playing on the TV. Lena turned off the TV and went upstairs to their bedroom. She dropped the gym bag on the floor no longer able to contain her sexual frustration now that she was in the comfort of her own home. She stepped out of the black skirt and whipped off the white t-shirt. She pulled out the dildo she kept in the end table on her side of the bed. Her pussy was so wet and ready the dildo slid right in. It's large soft head parted her sticky lips, stretching her aching hole out with it's girth. She moaned loudly before it was even all the way inside her. She slid it's entire length slowly into her hot tight canal. The balls of her dildo pumped against the soft patch of skin between her opening and her ass hole.
The juice from her sopping pussy stuck to them and created thick viscous strands every time she pulled the dildo out again. In less than a minute Lena's entire body heaved and convulsed in the hardest orgasm she'd had in years. Her pussy locked tightly around the thick shaft of her dildo. Gobs of cum spurted out from her canal coating the dildo in heavy fluid. She moaned loudly and unashamedly as she came. A few seconds later when her body relaxed she pulled the big dick out of her sopping pussy, twitching hard as the ridge around it's head stretched the outside of her throbbing hole.
The ridge around the head of the dildo was filled with Lena's cum. She threw the dildo back into the drawer and rubbed her clit hard. She heaved and moaned and seconds after the first earth shattering orgasm she came again. She yelped and gave out an "Oooooh," as she squirted three large gushes onto the comforter. She laid in the ecstasy of post orgasm as her body tingled with pins and needles. Her leg twitched with a few electric jolts. She fell asleep right in the middle of the bed on top of the comforter, legs spread apart with a big wet spot right in between them. She slept like a rock.
Lena had brought herself back to this fantasy while rubbing her clit in the bath tub and it brought her right over the edge. She came hard causing her to partially sit up sending water up over the sides of the tub. When she was done she grabbed her razor and a hand mirror.
Lena never really did much maintenance of her pubes. She trimmed them short as a courtesy for her doctor when she went for a pap smear and trimmed them regularly throughout the summer months to keep things cooler and a little more fresh feeling but that was it. She couldn't risk someone seeing the sides of her crotch the way it was now so she shaved her pussy for the first time in almost 10 years. Shaved bare down the sides, her outer lips, everywhere. She left only a small upside down triangular patch on her mound above her slit. Afterwards she tried on the bikini bottom again and studied her crotch in the mirror. She ran her fingers up and down the now bare area on both sides of the narrow bikini. She liked it. She secretly hoped people would notice her pussy. Why shouldn't her body be appreciated. She looked great, and she felt sexier than ever.
The next morning Lena got an email from her friend Serena;
'Hey girl! Hope you're excited for tonight! It's gonna be awesome. I can't wait to see your costumes! We hired a DJ, and it's gonna get LOUD! Just wanted to let you know if you and Tim end up drinking and need to crash here that's totally fine. You know I got the space. Party starts at eight. Peace girl!'
Lena had known Serena for about 15 years. They met in college. Serena loved parties and would always drag Lena along, usually taking her away from studying. In her last year of college Lena met Tim. Tim had worked in the campus bookstore and he liked to talk to Lena when she stopped by. One Friday night Serena dragged Lena along to a party and Tim happened to be there. Lena was never that social so she had felt relieved to see Tim. It gave her someone to talk to that night instead of the usual sitting there with a drink in hand while drunk college guys said stupid things they thought you would find funny and end up sleeping with them. Lena had spent her first few years in college spending the night with these guys but by her last year she'd grown tired of meaningless drunk sex and had wanted something more. She had also no longer felt flattered by the lame pick up lines of dopey guys. She had liked Tim because he was different than the usual college boy crowd. He was funny and he paid attention to her and he read interesting books
Tim and Lena cut out early from the party that night and went for a walk around downtown. They ended up making out in an underground stairwell where Tim fingered Lena until she ended it awkwardly when she noticed a watching figure in the lit window of a nearby apartment building. She gave him her phone number along with a tongue-filled kiss at the end of that night in the stairwell.
Serena ended up going on to university after college where she earned an undergraduate degree in Marketing. She had slept around a lot in school but was smart about protecting herself and never ended up pregnant like some of her friends. She had a few serious relationships that lasted a couple years but they usually ended with Serena reinventing herself and travelling for awhile. For Serena men were fun. They were play things. They were fun to party with and fun to fuck but she was less interested in committing to any one. She had a revolving roster of men she could call on any given occasion to have a little fun with and she was happy with that. Why not. As she saw it all her peers who settled down and did the 'family thing' as she called it were sad, miserable, bored, sexless fucks. Serena lived for herself and she had no problem whatsoever letting people know. She got fucked well by hot enthusiastic men on a very regular basis. She wouldn't have it any other way.
After university she travelled for nine months; seeing the world and sampling the local men wherever she went. When she got home she landed a high paying job with an advertising firm and bought a huge house Lena referred to as 'The Mansion.' Serena liked that name. It felt bourgeois and luxurious. Her own mansion, just like Hugh Hefner's but at Serena's mansion men were the products of her social interests. The house was huge. Serena lived in it alone most of the time, with the exception of an occasional male companion. The better they were in bed the longer she kept them around. The longer she kept them around the more she knew she could never commit to any one guy. The mansion had eleven bedrooms in total, an indoor pool, a small home theatre, a room that could only be described as 'the party room', a home gym, and the library which consisted mostly of picturesque books of the places Serena had been and the places she wanted to go.
Each of the four walls of the library had it's own very graphic large black and white picture of a nude man in some sort of artistic position. The party room had a full sized bar with a mirrored back, a lighting system in the ceiling that could strobe, chase, and dim, all controlled by a small black remote and a raised platform in one corner that served as a small stage which was surrounded by mirrors. In the centre of the stage was a chrome poll that ran up into the ceiling for when Serena hired dancers, male and female, to serve as entertainment at some of her parties, and personal entertainment for afterwards. Serena loved The Mansion and loved that she could now bring the parties to her.
On the morning before the party Tim made bacon and eggs for two while Lena slowly sipped her coffee and read through her emails at their breakfast bar. Lena thought it was cute how excited Tim was about the party, and here she was thinking he'd flat out refuse to go. He hummed as he cooked and smiled at her from the kitchen. She was excited to wear her costume for Tim and for others. The idea of other people seeing her body in something so revealing and sexy excited her and sent warm pulsing flushes down into her groin. She felt more attractive than she had in a long time and she knew her excitement at being seen in her costume would result in some great sex later on in the evening with Tim and some great orgasms when she was alone with herself.
"Serena offered us one of her rooms if we'd like to spend the night there," she said.
"That was nice of her," Tim said with a smile.
"But Serena likes to party late, and loud, if you know what I mean." he said.
Nobody who had ever spent the night at Serena's mansion was immune to Serena's loud 4 AM sex with the guy of her choosing that night. Tim had not yet forgotten hearing the name 'Austin' repeated loudly between heavy breaths while Serena received cunnilingus in the next room after a New Year's Eve party three years ago. Sex was prevalent at The Mansion which Lena and Tim didn't mind. It was the poor nights sleep that bothered Tim most. After 6 drinks and 15 minutes of sex with Lena he wouldn't remember the next morning all he wanted was a good nights sleep.
"I know hunny. The offer is there if we'd like." She said.
"I was thinking I probably wouldn't drink tonight anyways. I don't need the extra sugar. I don't mind driving." He said.
"Alright hunny. That's fine by me." she said.
They spent the afternoon getting ready for the party. Tim was standing at the bottom of the stairs in his black leotard when Lena came down in her costume.
"Sweet Jesus!" Tim said. A huge grin was growing on his face and swollen bulge was growing in his costume.
Lena smiled with a quiet confidence.
"You like?" She said.
"You might not be the only Hot Mama at the party but you'll definitely be the sexiest one there. Wowza!" he said.
"Oh Tim. I love you ya big lug," she said.
Tim and Lena arrived at the party about quarter after eight. They didn't want to be the first ones there but they didn't want to be the last to arrive either. There weren't the first ones there. When they showed up Barbarella, two Morticia Addams', four Draculas and a handful of very scantily clad witches had arrived before them. Not to mention two male friends of Serena who had been staying there for days.
Serena had hired a catering staff who wore tuxedos. One was an older gentleman who answered the door and led Tim and Lena into the party room where Serena was drinking and chatting with a very fit bartender who was wearing only dress pants and a black bow tie. Serena was dressed as Vampirella. She greeted Tim and Lena with hugs. Tim watched as Serena's large nearly exposed, pale breasts pressed firmly against his wife's also nearly exposed breasts, skin on skin. The head of his cock gave an electric jolt.
"You guys look great!" Serena said. "And Lena.. wow girl! You are smokin'!"
Serena grabbed Lena's hand and spun her around like a ballerina. She lifted Lena's skirt.
"Look at those buns!" Serena said as she glanced toward the bartender who quietly nodded his head while checking out Lena's ass.
"And Tim, you look great hun! Been hitting the gym have we?" She put her hands on Tim's hips.
"I have, yeah," Tim said while smiling bashfully.
"You're looking great yourself," he said, quickly deflecting the attention from himself.
"I should. These tits weren't cheap!" Serena said as she let out a very loud laugh. The bartender quietly laughed with her.
Serena pulled aside the two red strips of costume covering her breasts, exposing them to Lena, Tim, and the bartender. She put her hands under each one.
"Not bad, hmm? We advertise for this surgeon at the firm so he gave me a bit of a discount." she said.
"Nice," Serena said. "He does good work."
"Yeah," Tim said.
Lena flicked her eyes at Tim's crotch. She could see his cock was more than half hard, pinned tightly to his leg under the thin black leotard. Her own crotch became warm.
Lena led Tim and Serena around her house showing them some renovations she'd had done and some new art she'd put on her walls. By the time the tour was over and they were back in the party room there was about 60 people and the older doorman was still bringing in more. Lena and Tim spotted a few other Hot Mamas and The Judges. They studied them briefly to see how they looked in their costumes and had they shaved in the same spots and how much of her ass was hanging out of her costume and wow that's a nice ass.
"Drinks are on the house of course, help yourself guys!" Serena said. "The bartender's name is Gabriel. He's French."
She leaned in towards Lena.
"And has a tongue like a sewing machine."
Lena blushed.
Serena turned and walked straight into a large clump of people forming near the small stage and started chatting. A DJ on the stage started playing loud dance music.
"I'm going to get a drink hunny, are you sure you don't want one," Lena said.
"I'm sure hun. Thanks though." Tim said. A light show had started and Tim happily watched it.
Lena kissed him on the cheek and headed for the bar. A woman dressed as Medusa was ordering a drink. Her head was covered in rubber snakes and she was topless. Her bare skin was painted to look like it was turning to stone. It was very well done. Lena noticed the woman's left nipple was pierced. On her bottom she wore a short white see through skirt and sandals. It was obvious the woman was wearing a white g-string under the skirt. Gabriel slid her drink across the bar to her and gave her a wink. He watched her ass as she walked away. He turned to Lena and smiled.
"What drinks do you make?" Lena asked.
"I can make any drink you like," Gabriel said.
"What do you do best,"
"Are we still talking drinks,"
Lena blushed. Her gaze briefly moved to Gabriel's smooth chiselled chest. She knew he was still looking at her and she quickly looked back at his face. He was still smiling. Gabriel evened the score by looking quickly at Lena's breasts. Her pussy gave her a jolt.
"How about a Gin an' Tonic." She said.
Gabriel turned around without saying a word and prepared Lena's drink. Lena stared at his back. It was hard and defined. The lights danced across its peaks and valleys. One hardened muscle led into another. She followed them with her eyes as they led down into the small of his back where he had a dimple on each side right above the waistline of his pants. She imagined reaching around his hips and digging her fingernails into those dimples while he pumped his..
"A Gin n' Tonic for the lovely lady," he said.
"Thank you, Gabriel," she said.
As Lena walked away from the bar she could feel Gabriel's eyes fixed on the plump, fleshy crescents of her ass barely covered by her short skirt.
Lena found Tim happily chatting with a Dracula and she didn't want to interrupt. It was rare that Tim socialized, let alone enjoyed doing so and she wanted to let him enjoy himself. She walked with her drink into the hallway to check out Serena's wall art. Most of it contained nude men and or women in some form and Lena always enjoyed it. She wasn't nearly as open about her sexuality as Serena but that didn't mean she couldn't enjoy the human form in an artistic way. Or even in just a 'look at the cock on him,' kind of way.
Further down the hall she stopped to enjoy a black and white picture of a nude man gardening. In the background out of focus the sun was rising between the leaves of a tree. The man in the picture was kneeling, a watering can beside him, and he was planting a seed in a hole in the ground. His arm was fully extended causing his biceps and triceps to rise and harden. He was wearing only work boots. His skin was covered in tiny droplets of water. His thick fleshy cock and balls hung inches above a seed hole in the ground. A small bead of water formed a trail down the shaft of his swollen dick following a series of veins along its side before sinking into the ridge at the base of its large smooth head.
"Serena has quite the art collection doesn't she."
Lena turned towards the voice. A man dressed as a plague doctor was standing facing Lena. He was wearing a black mask with black tinted eye coverings and a long black cloak with a black hood.
"She sure does," Lena said. "I think this one is my favourite."
"I'm Doctor Adam Aaronson." He said. He reached out his hand and Lena shook it.
"You're a doctor.. a real doctor?" she said.
"Yep, well, a surgeon. I thought it would be fun to dress as a plague doctor." he chuckled.
"Oh, you did Serena's breasts"
"I sure did. You have great breasts. Are they natural?"
"Thank you. Yes they are,"
"Well, I'd like to give you my card anyways if that's alright. Maybe someone you know might enjoy an enhancement."
The Doctor reached into the chest of his cloak, pulled out a business card and handed it to Lena. She studied it for a moment then looked down at her costume unsure of where to put it. She slipped it into the front of her bottoms.
"Thank you. I'll keep you in mind," she said. She smiled and turned back towards the picture as the doctor walked away.
Lena walked back into the party room to find Tim and to get another drink. There was now a lot more people in the room than there had been before. When she got to the bar a different shirtless man was working the bar. He had a short, well groomed beard and short dark hair. Lena ordered another Gin and Tonic.
"Are you here by yourself?" The bartender asked.
"No, I'm here with my husband, wherever he is," She turned and looked around the room.
"Too bad," He placed Lena's drink in front of her and smiled.
As Lena turned to walk away a man dressed as The Judge approached the bar and stood next to her. She leaned in close to him, her blood red lips mere inches from his mouth hidden beneath his mask. She ran her hand over his leg and deep into his thigh.
"You decided to get a drink after all Tim?" she said. She ran her hand over his growing cock, tracing the length of it to his balls.
"My name's Jeff. What's your name doll?" he said.
Lena gasped and jerked her hand back towards herself.
"Oh Jesus, I'm sorry.. I thought you were my husband!" she said.
"Hey, no worries babe." he said.
The two men chuckled as she walked away. She laughed to herself and looked back at them. They were watching her ass.
Lena was feeling that first drink and was very horny. All the attention she was getting excited her. Having her hand on that guy's cock thrilled her so much even she was surprised by it. She thought about how for a moment she was touching the cock of someone who wasn't her husband. She thought about how it swelled in her hand and how she could feel that she was turning him on. She, Lena, was making a stranger hard and she could feel it. Her pussy felt flush and warm. She could tell she had become moist. How could she not. She'd just had her hand on some guy's thick cock. She felt guilty, but it was an honest mistake. She didn't purposely touch a stranger. She thought it was Tim. She thought she was grabbing her husband's cock. But goddamn it was exciting to find out it was somebody elses. She would never deliberately touch another man. It was an accident. Where was Tim anyways?
The music in the party room was loud. It seemed to get louder every few minutes. People were dancing, many with drinks in their hands. A few women were wearing such scant costumes their breasts became exposed as they danced, yet they didn't care. In the far dark corner of the room some couples were making out on some sectional furniture. A witch and a scarecrow were going at it pretty hard. The witch was rubbing the scarecrow's cock hard through his pants.
'I bet he's not full of straw,' Lena thought to herself.
On another sectional a Hot Mama and a Judge were making out and dry humping. Jesus Christ I hope that's not Tim Lena thought to herself. The music was so damn loud and it was so dark back there one wouldn't be able to hear the other person, much less see them that well. Especially wearing masks.
Just then Lena felt someone reach under her skirt and squeeze her ass hard. She turned around.
"Ah, Tim!" She smiled and swatted him on the arm.
She was relieved to find him. He put his arm around her waist and pulled her in close. His other hand reached between her legs.
"Oh.. Someone is feeling frisky.. Not here hunny. It's weird with all these people around." She was yelling now just to be heard over the music.
He put his hand to his ear to gesture that he didn't hear her. She took him by the hand, led him out of the room and down the hall. Even in the hall the music was loud. Lena opened the door that was next to the picture of the nude gardener. It was a laundry room. Inside Gabriel was fucking Medusa in the mouth. Lena stood, frozen for a moment, as she watched Gabriel's balls slap Medusa on the chin as she took most of his cock in her mouth. Medusa wrapped her hand around the base of his dick and pulled it out of her mouth. Her saliva dripped off it in spurts that felt onto her nude breasts.
"You want me to suck the cum out of you? I want it. I want you to cum all over my tongue," she said.
Medusa jerked Gabriel furiously, pulling at his cock as it's dark red head oozed small beads of precum. Medusa licked it off, the tip of her tongue gracefully sliding across the shiny tip of Gabriel's swollen cock head, collecting it on her tongue. Lena quietly closed the door. She turned the corner and opened another door. She knew it was the library. She figured there wasn't likely to be anyone in the library. When she opened the door though she saw a man's bare ass. He was about to penetrate the panting woman splayed out on the large arm chair in front of him. It was dark and difficult to see much but she recognized them. It was the other Hot Mama and The Judge couple that were dry humping in the party room. Lena quickly closed the door.
Down the second hallway she found a bedroom with the door open. That was a good sign there was no one in it committing filthy acts like she was about to. She barely got in the door before she slammed it shut and pushed Tim up against it. Breathing heavily she reached for his cock. It hardened instantly in her hand, trapped under the tight leotard. He reached around her with both arms, lifted the little black skirt and grabbed both her ass cheeks at the same time almost lifting her off the ground. She furiously tugged and rubbed his cock. The only light in the room was a subtle moonlight coming in through the sheer curtains over the windows. Outside the music blared throughout the house.
"Fuck me Tim, I want you to fuck me hard. Right now!"
She removed the skirt and bottoms in one quick motion. They caught on her heels for a second before she removed them completely. As she tossed them at his feet Dr. Aaronson's card fell out onto Tim's crumpled leggings on the floor. She laid on the end of the bed so he could stand and fuck her. She could barely see as she caught a glimpse of his dick in the moonlight. It was hard and pointed straight ahead, ready to enter her hot canal. Her pussy became wet; excited by the sight of her husband's member, all the attention she'd received tonight, and by accidentally grabbing that stranger's hardening cock. She grabbed the throbbing rod in front of her, throwing her head back with pleasure and excitement. She sat up on the edge of the bed and took it in her mouth, moaning as its smooth head caressed her tongue. She sucked hard, twirling her tongue in circles around its head while jerking it off at the base. She smacked loudly and fondled his balls with her hand at the same time. Unable to contain herself she laid back and spread her legs to accommodate him. Her pussy lips parted with a barely audible smack. She guided his thick meaty cock to where its plump head sat just barely against her sopping open hole like it was wearing a wet crown.
"You fuck me now Tim!" she said.
He plunged his smooth veiny cock deep into her wet depths. Pumping in and out of her he breathed quietly while she moaned in ecstasy. She moaned each time he'd slide his cock in right to the base where it widened causing her opening to spread even more. His balls slapped forcefully up against the soft skin surrounding her pussy and ass hole. In and out, in and out he slid as Lena's pussy juiced slick streaks of cum onto his shaft. She let out a "Ooooaah," in uncontrollable pleasure.
"Tim, cum on my pussy hunny. Cover my lips in your hot cum!" she said.
He fucked her harder than before, those last few hard thrusts a man makes before he knows he's about to explode. Lena let out an "Oh Jesus Tim yes!"
"I'm cumming!" he gasped quietly.
He pulled his cock out of her canal. Lena grabbed it. Slick with her own juices and warm from her insides she ran her hand up and down it's throbbing shaft until it burst gobs of hot thick white cum all over her mound. She bucked her hips back and forth uncontrollably, bringing her sopping pussy right up against it's oozing head. Spurt after spurt she tugged on it, getting out every last drop as it's head turned purple. She moaned loud with every exhale, not wanting to let go of the beautiful, softening cock in her cum covered hand.
"Jesus Tim. Oh my.." she said.
He bent over and picked his leotards up off the ground pulling them back up over his sticky dick.
"I'm gonna clean myself up hunny, just give me a minute. I'll meet you in the party room, okay?" she said.
"Okay," he whispered.
He turned and left the room closing the door behind him.
A few minutes later Lena walked into the party room. The music was still loud. Many of the guests' dancing looked less coordinated than when she was last in there. Some were down right drunk off their ass. Gabriel was back at the bar. Lena walked over to him.
"Have you seen my husband?" She said.
"Ah, the pretty lady. Another Gin n' Tonic?"
"No thank you. I'm looking for my husband. Have you seen him?"
"Oh, uh, isn't he the man in black over there? Talking with Serena?"
"Oh! Yes, thank you," She said. She smiled and gave him a wink.
"Anything for a beautiful woman," he winked back.
Lena walked over to where Tim and Serena were chatting.
"Serena this was a great party! We're so glad we came," Tim said.
I'm sure glad you came Lena thought to herself.
"I'm glad you came too!" Serena said. "I love seeing you guys. Now that you're leaving though, I'm going to see if I can spend a little time with Gabriel, if you know what I mean."
"He seems easy to get to know," Lena said with a smile.
Serena gave Tim and Lena both a hug and saw them to the door. The older gentleman was still there in his tux. Lena and Tim walked to their car.
"Tell me, Judge. Do you wear your helmet to drive, or only when you're fighting crime and fucking your wife." Lena said.
Tim laughed heartily. He had the helmet under his arm.
"Tell me Hot Mama, where'd you learn to suck dick like that" He said.
"It just came over me," she said.
Lena and Tim got in their car and began their drive home. They sat quietly for a little while taking in the excitement of the night. They were happy they'd gone to Serena's party. They didn't get out very often and they both felt like it was a much needed refresher in their lives. It was a good time. Nothing was ever quite as strange or as fun as a party at Serena's mansion.
"Oh, hunny, did you pick up that card of Dr. Aaronson's? I didn't see it when I was cleaning up." She said.
"No. What card? Who's Dr. Aaronson?"
"The surgeon who did Serena's tits. I thought maybe you took it from the floor. He gave me his card and I put it in my bottoms. It fell out when I took them off."
"Nope. Sorry hunny. I never saw it."
That's weird, Lena thought. I know it fell out.
"Hey honey, wasn't that funny when that couple opened the door on us. Poor bastards had to see my bare ass," Tim said with a chuckle.
Lena's mind froze momentarily as she stared out the window.
"Yeah.. Poor bastards."