This story is based on the "3 lies and 1 truth" premise, where there are 4 outcomes. Three of these outcomes did not occur. They are from my own personal fantasies of what might have occurred. Only the Prologue and one of the outcomes are true. I leave it up to the reader to decide which outcome is the real description of events. Feel free to comment and vote for the one you think is true. This story contains MM, MMF, MF, Voy, Mast, MFF, Int.
*****
PROLOGUE
My family and I drove to Walt Disney World in Orlando. We spent a week at the resort and did the Disney thing for 7 days, visiting all four parks. It was a great vacation for us.
We stayed at the Polynesian Resort outside of the Magic Kingdom from Saturday to Saturday. During our stay, we met and talked to several families from all over the US, Canada and the UK. I enjoyed hanging out by the pool and watching all the milfs in their bikinis.
When our week was finished, we loaded up our minivan, checked out for 10:15 and began the long drive back to Toronto.
I'm not sure if it was the time of year, or the road construction, or the weather, or maybe all three, but Florida's roads and interstates were jammed solid. On the way down, the trip in from the Georgia border to Orlando/Kissimmee had taken 3 hours. Now it was gridlocked and was taking significantly longer to leave.
It was during a particularly long stretch of sitting and crawling along that I noticed a family beside us in their Honda Odyssey. I recognized them from seeing them around Polynesian. They had New York plates, so I figured they were heading the same way as us for at least a while.
We had seen them several times around the resort at breakfast, in the lobby, in the elevator etc. The mother was an attractive woman - she looked to be about 40 and had shoulder-length auburn hair and curves in all the right places. I had definitely admired her poolside. She seemed bright and vibrant and flirtatious. The father was a handsome Asian, and it was hard to place an age to him, so I'm going to guess he's the same age as his wife. He was physically fit, and a little shorter than his wife. They had 2 daughters - one who I figured was maybe 9, and an older girl I pegged at 15.
So there we were, stuck in traffic. My kids were sitting in the 2nd and 3rd rows of our Honda Odyssey, my wife and I up front. My kids were watching Frozen for the umpteenth time.
As they pulled alongside us, the pretty wife noticed us and waved, then pointed us out to her husband. We waved back and then retreated into the solitude of our own van. Traffic continued to crawl at a snail's pace. The kids played on their devices while my wife Janice and I talked about our trip and our plan for getting home. We had done the straight drive down without stopping and our plan was to repeat that in reverse for the trip home.
During this first hour we managed only 5 miles along route 192. Occasionally I'd look over to my left and see the New York family's van. Sometimes they passed us and sometimes we passed them. Each time we passed, the wife would look over and smile at me, then go back to her conversation with her husband or the kids.
During the second hour, my frustration started to show. We had a GPS, but it didn't have any kind of traffic avoidance functionality. We scanned radio stations for traffic reports and eventually heard of a better alternate route, but couldn't plug that route into the GPS because it required an address.
About this time we pulled up alongside the New Yorkers again. I talked it over with my wife and we agreed we'd ask them if they'd look up an address for us (since data roaming charges in the US are brutal, our smart phones were in Airplane Mode).
I rolled down my window and felt a blast of 95 degree warmth hit me in the face like a wet towel. I signaled for the pretty wife to roll down her window. She smiled and rolled it down. I said, "Hi, I was wondering if you could help us."
"Sure, what can I do for you?"
I explained our GPS situation, but that we didn't have data to be able to look up an address and asked if she would kindly look up an address for us along the route the radio suggested. She gladly complied, and in a couple moments when they caught up to us again, she rolled down her window and gave us an address. My wife plugged it into the GPS and I thanked her. I also suggested that since I figured they were going the same way, they could follow us. She talked with her husband and then replied that it sounded better than cruising along at 5mph.
They got behind us, and 45 minutes later we finally exited 192 and were able to finally make some progress. The New Yorkers followed faithfully and about 4 hours after we had left the resort, we had made it 100 miles. We needed to stop and get gas and take a bio break. At the next gas station, I pulled in and the New Yorkers followed.
As we all piled out, the husband came over to the pumps while our wives herded the kids into the building.
"Hey thanks for the tip."
"No problem," I replied. "You helped us out."
He held out his hand and said "I'm Tony."
I shook his hand and said, "James. Nice to meet you. Where are you guys in New York?"
"We're in Orchard Park, just outside Buffalo. You?"
"Toronto. Let's hope the next interstate isn't as busy."
"Yeah I hope not. You guys have a good rest of your trip."
"You too," I said. I finished pumping and went inside to pay and use the washroom.
Hours later we finally crossed in to Georgia and were now cruising comfortably at about 75mph. I looked in my rear view mirror and noticed Tony's van again. He pulled alongside us and his pretty wife smiled and waved at us as they passed. Over the next hour we'd occasionally see them but we gradually lost sight again as it got dark.
We decided to pull off and have dinner and fill up again. As we pulled in to a restaurant half a mile off the highway, I noticed Tony's van in the lot. I commented on the irony of it to Janice, then we went inside.
The hostess seated us in the booth behind Tony and his family, and they recognized us as we were seated. His wife jokingly said, "We have to stop meeting like this." We all had a hearty laugh. I introduced my wife to Tony and introduced my kids to everyone. Tony introduced his wife Danielle and his daughters Kayla and Megan. We exchanged a moment of idle chitchat, but we were anxious to use the bathroom and sit and eat.
Dinner passed nicely, and after half an hour Tony and Danielle got up to leave. Tony herded his girls out to their van, while Danielle approached our table.
"If you don't mind my asking, what route are you taking? It's my shift to drive and frankly I'm a little nervous about driving at night."
My wife Janice commiserated with her, explaining it was her turn to drive too. Then she shared our directions printout with Danielle. She told us she had tried to talk Tony into getting a GPS but he had not seen the need for one. Janice told her to keep our paper if she wanted because our route home would take us through Orchard Park anyways.
She thanked us and asked if we'd mind if they followed us. We indicated that we wouldn't mind at all.
We finished our meal, paid the cheque and hustled outside. My wife pulled out the suitcase for pajamas for the kids and some snacks for us, then took the kids back into the restaurant to use their washrooms to change.
While they were gone, I was treated to the site of a braless Danielle getting out of her van in a tank top. Her tits hung heavily and her nipples were clearly visible, straining against the tight fabric of her top. Her midriff was bare, and she was wearing pajama pants and slippers. Her hair was in a loose ponytail and she looked really sexy. She saw me looking and waved, then went around back to put something in the trunk. Tony also emerged from one of the sliding doors wearing loose shorts and a t-shirt. I assume they had changed clothes in the van. I thought, "Whatever floats your boat", then went back to preparing a nest for myself and stuff for the kids.
Janice and the kids came out in their comfy traveling clothes a few moments later, and she and I went over to talk to Tony and Danielle about where we were heading and what speed we'd travel at, and how long we planned on going before we'd stop again, and what signal Danielle should use if she needed us to stop etc.
With all those details worked out, we left the parking lot and returned to the interstate heading north.
The kids finally went to sleep about half an hour after we left the restaurant, and I gladly turned off Lilo & Stitch. Janice and I talked quietly about the road conditions and what lay ahead of us. We both agreed that we liked Tony and Danielle and it was too bad we hadn't talked to them earlier in our trip.
I slowly drifted off to sleep over the next 20 minutes while Janice drove.
Some time later I felt Janice shaking me. "James, wake up. There's a problem up ahead." I came awake with a start.
"We're in South Carolina, and I'm seeing brake lights and warning signs ahead."
Sure enough, we soon closed in on a long line of cars and trucks stopped ahead of us. In the distance, I could see a sign, but it was too far to make out what it said. Janice put the van in Park and we sat for the next 15 minutes quietly speculating what might be causing us to remain at a standstill for so long. A tap at the passenger side window startled us. I looked out to see Tony standing there. I rolled down the window and said, "What's up Tony?"
"The road is closed 3 miles ahead. Chain reaction accident that involved transport trucks and at least 2 fatalities. I scouted the area and there is a rest stop not too far from here. Danielle thinks it would be a good idea to bunk down there for the night in the van until they get it cleaned up. Are you guys interested in following us?"
We readily accepted and he returned to his Odyssey and climbed in the passenger side. Danielle signaled right and pulled onto the shoulder. After they passed, Janice filed in behind her and we drove about half a kilometre to the rest stop ramp. We could now see the sign advising of the road closure and potentially long waits. There was a second sign showing a phone number to call for road conditions. That must be how Tony learned of the accident ahead of us. The rest stop parking lot was full and people were milling about, but we managed to find a couple remote spots and pulled in. Our kids and their kids were all sleeping, but it appeared that us adults were all wired. It was going to be a long night.
OUTCOME 1 - Tony and I do some exploring
Janice and Danielle roused the kids and took them to the bathroom. Tony went to his trunk and pulled out a book. I climbed into the passenger seat of our Odyssey and had a snack of crackers & cheese and some water. The wives and kids came back and we got everyone fed and settled again. It was 2:30 before my kids calmed down and went back to sleep. Looking over at the New Yorkers, I saw Danielle was asleep in the passenger seat, and Tony was now playing on his tablet in the driver's seat. I heard a soft snore on my right, letting me know that Janice must have passed out. However, I was still wired and bored (having no books to read and no data to do any surfing). To be honest I was also really horny, having gone more than a week without sex or even beating off. Putting aside my urges, I decided to ask Tony if he wanted to hang out instead.
As quietly as I could, I slid out of my van and went over to theirs. I waved at him at first, but couldn't catch his attention. I approached the window and tapped quietly. Still nothing. Tony was watching a video and he had these large over-ear headphones on.
When I looked closer at the tablet, I was shocked by what I saw. Tony was watching porn! It looked like two guys and a girl involved in a hot threesome. The guys were hung and the girl was on her knees between them, kissing and licking their swollen cocks. Tony's left arm was moving too, and it became obvious that he was playing with himself while watching. Despite myself, I felt my own prick stiffen in response to what I was witnessing. Tony continued to touch himself, oblivious to me watching outside his window, and seemingly not caring about his sleeping wife and children sharing the van with him.
I decided to leave before he caught me watching him. I returned to my own van, my prick throbbing and straining at the fabric of my shorts. I was caught in a dilemma. Do I wake Janice and see if she will help me take care of my erection? No, if I did that I might have to explain why I was so excited. Do I go to the men's room and beat off in one of the stalls? No, there was a steady flow of men and boys in and out of there, even at this time of the night and I didn't want to get caught. I sat there stewing, trying to "unsee" what I had seen, and trying to will my erection to subside. I was fighting a losing battle and I knew it. At that moment, I really wanted nothing more than to cum.
A tap at my window brought me out of my reverie. Tony was standing there. I quietly opened the door. "Hey James, I can't sleep and I noticed you were still up. Do you want to hang out?"
I thought about it for a moment, and considering what I had just been contemplating earlier, I decided to take him up on his offer. I climbed out of the van and locked it from the inside without making the horn beep.
Tony led me to a picnic table and said "Wait here". He returned a few moments later with a deck of cards and several beers.
Part of me wanted to ask him what the hell had possessed him to essentially masturbate while his family was inside the van with him. Then again, I had very recently been contemplating doing the very same thing. I decided to not say anything about it. He pulled the cards out of their box and handed me a cold beer. "Do you play euchre James?"
"Yeah I majored in it for half a semester at university," I said.
He barked a short laugh and separated the deck. We played and drank and barely said anything to each other. I was still horny, but thankfully my erection had subsided. The night was dark, and other than the occasional car and the constant hum of crickets, it was quiet. Tony grabbed a bag of chips from his van while I waited at the picnic table.
We played another game and finished our beers. I excused myself to use the washroom, but said he needed to go as well. As we entered the now-empty men's room, he looked around. I went straight to the furthest urinal on the right. Surprisingly, Tony took the one on my immediate left instead of any of the other empty ones.
I kept my eyes focused front, but I had the suspicion that Tony was checking me out. I finished and as I was shaking off, Tony said, "You know James, in America any more than 3 shakes is considered playing with yourself." I knew it: he had been watching me!
I retreated towards the sink, but in the mirror I observed Tony shake himself deliberately 4 times before he tucked himself away. I washed up and went into the lobby. While I waited for Tony, an article pinned to the board near the state map caught my attention. The article talked about walking trails that surrounded the rest stop and how they provided an often-photographed viewing area for watching sunrises. When Tony emerged from the bathroom, I mentioned it to him. "Do you want to wake everyone and see if they want to watch the sun rise from this spot? It's less than a kilometer from here?"
Tony said no to the idea of waking his family. "My girls get grumpy if they don't get their beauty sleep. Besides I'd like to have a couple more beers so that I'll be able to sleep in the car while Danielle drives. We could go check it out though."
His logic seemed sound to me. I returned to my van to check on my family and to leave a note for my wife. Then I locked up and met Tony back at the picnic table. Light had just started filling the sky as we popped another beer and set off to locate the trail. We eventually located it and set off into the wee hours in search of a beautiful sunrise.
In about 20 minutes we found the lookout and sat down on a nearby bench. The muddy grey light of dawn was starting to beat back the darkness. For a while, we sat in silence drinking our beers. I had a little buzz going. In the faint light, I looked over at Tony and saw he was smiling softly.
"What are you smiling about?" I asked.
"Just remembering something that happened a long time ago. It was about this time of the morning on a night not too different from this..." He had kind of trailed off.
"What happened? You can't just give an intro like that and not deliver!"
"Ok. Are you sure you want to hear this?"
"Yes."
"Ok I'm just remembering the first time I got sucked off. I was 18 at the time, and I had gone to a bush party with some high school buddies. Anyways, I met this girl and we stayed up all night drinking and talking together. At one point she pulled me away from the fire and we went into the woods to make out. I felt her up as we kissed and she rubbed me through my pants. Then her hand was inside and she was touching it. She pulled it out and sucked me and it felt great. Then I became aware that someone else was with us. I told her to stop because I thought someone was there."
He definitely had my attention, and again my cock was stiffening as I listened to him. "So what happened?" I asked.
"A guy came out of the woods. I was surprised and angry and tried to push her off, but she kept sucking. I told her to stop because some guy had just wandered up and was now watching us. She looked up, looked at the guy for a moment, then said 'Oh that's just my boyfriend. He likes to watch.' Then she took me in her mouth again."
I was figuratively on the edge of my seat at this point. I was very aware of my stiff prick straining and tenting out the front of my shorts. Tony continued.
"So here I am getting my first ever blow job and the boyfriend of the girl sucking me is now 3 feet away. My prick softened in her mouth, and I could feel her desperately trying to make it hard again. I was now looking at him. We held each other's gaze, then he reached down and unzipped his pants and exposed himself. It was my first time seeing another guys cock, and it was amazing. I got hard again and watched him as he started stroking himself. His girlfriend moaned around my cock and the vibrations felt great. I watched as he took a drop of precum and smeared it around the head of his prick. I could take no more and cried out as I came. The girl took me out of her mouth and I shot my load on her cheek and in her hair. He grunted and increased his pace and suddenly he moved close to me and shot his cum on my face. It was so thrilling to feel his hot cum hitting my cheek."
I was very close to cumming in my own shorts after hearing Tony's erotic take. "Then what happened?" I asked breathlessly.
"He put his cock back in his pants and helped his girlfriend up. He kissed her and licked my cum off her face. They left me there without saying another word."
"Wow," was all I could say.
"James, I know you saw me masturbating in my van. I wanted you to see me."
I was floored. "Why? Why did you want me to see that Tony?"
"Because I want you. Ever since we met, I have wanted you."
"But Danielle..."
"Danielle is cool with it. We have an open marriage and she is okay with me being with other people."
"But my wife...and my kids...and your kids. They're all right there. And I don't think Janice would be cool with it. I'm flattered that you want me Tony, but I've never been with a guy and don't know that I want to."
"Oh really? Your mouth may be saying no, but your cock is saying yes." At this point, Tony placed his hand in my lap and gave my throbbing prick a squeeze. My willpower was fading. I protested weakly, but didn't push Tony's hand away. He continued rubbing me through my shorts. Then his hand was going inside the waistband and down into my underwear. I moaned as his warm hand made contact with my turgid member. He took this as a sign of encouragement and began striking me. "You're so hard," he hissed. "You want this don't you?"
I moaned in response. I did want it. I wanted him to suck me and make me cum. He started pulling down my shorts. I raised my bum off the bench to facilitate this and soon I was naked from the waist down. My prick pointed towards the sky, throbbing and leaking precum. The cold early morning air hit me and I gasped. The bench was cold and wet from the dew.
Tony looked at it, complimented me on its size and shape, then wrapped his hand around it. He pumped it with a few soft strokes, then bent down and took me into his mouth. It was so warm and wet.
He took about 3 inches into his mouth and swirled his tongue around the head and started sucking. It felt incredible! He kept this up for another couple minutes. I was going to cum soon, so bucked my hips, trying to force more of my cock into his mouth. He stopped the swirling, cupped my balls and let me slide the other 3 inches in. He took me all the way in until his nose was touching my pubes, then he started sucking harder. His other hand cupped my butt, forcing me to stay all the way in. I cried out that I was cumming and he moaned.
I began shooting my load into Tony's mouth, and he continued sucking hard and tugging down on my balls. It was the most intense orgasm of my life. Finally I stopped cumming, and slumped back against the bench feeling drained and happy.
Tony smiled at me and stood up. The front of his shorts tented out obscenely just inches from my face. I had never done this sort of thing with a man before, nor had I ever had any homosexual tendencies or desires in the past. But here, at this time and place, and with this man, I was overcome by lust and desire. I stared at the bulge in his shorts, feeling the anticipation build. I wanted to see it, maybe even touch it and taste it.
Tony hooked his thumbs into his waistband and slowly lowered his shorts. His wonderful manhood sprang into view. It was shorter and skinner than mine, but had more pronounced veins and a foreskin.
Tony asked if I liked it. My reply was a whispered "Yes". Tony asked if I wanted to touch it. Without replying, I reached out tentatively and touched the head with my finger. His cock jumped and pulsed in response to my touch. At this particular moment the sun rose over the horizon and bathed us in an orange glow. As the sun was dawning on a new day, so too did it dawn on a new sexual experience for me.
I got braver and wrapped my hand around his shaft and he moaned in approval. Slowly I peeled back the foreskin exposing the shiny bulbous head of his manhood. Precum was leaking from the slit and I smeared some of it all over his glans. Then I touched my finger to my mouth to taste it. It tasted like my own precum. I wrapped my left hand back around his shaft, and with the right I cupped and fondled his ball sac. He moaned even louder, so I tickled his balls a bit and gently tugged down on them, while working and squeezing his shaft. He grunted and said he was going to cum. Then I felt a forceful spurt of cum hit me in the cheek. The next spurt hit my eye and the third spurt landed on my lips. I continued pumping and squeezing the head as his orgasm subsided. When he had finished, I let go of his meat. He tucked it away in his shorts and apologized for making a mess on my face. I licked my lips, tasting another man's semen for the first time. Again, it tasted like mine. I scooped up his cum from my eye and cheek, then put it in my mouth, licking my fingers clean. It was all so erotic, and I was stiffening again. However, Tony spoke up and said "We should get back."
I reluctantly agreed, so we gathered our beer cans and walked back to the parking lot. All was quiet. Tony thanked me and said he was going to check and see if the road was open again.
I climbed in to my driver's seat and sat there reflecting on what just happened. The enormity of what Tony and I had done with each other, and the implications to my marriage sank in as I looked at the sleeping form of my wife and kids.
Tony emerged from his van a few moments later and said the wreckage had been cleared a short time ago and the state troopers were beginning to open the road again. "I guess we're going to leave now. Danielle is up and anxious to be gone. It was nice meeting you. Say goodbye to Janice for me."
Something in his expression said he wanted to say so much more. I wanted to say so much more. But it was better this way. I watched them leave the parking lot and get onto the highway.
Janice stirred beside me and asked what time it was. I told her the time and explained that our New York friends just left. She said it was nice meeting them and maybe we'd see them further up the road. We got ready and hit the road again, with Janice driving. Traffic the rest of the way home was smooth and we never did encounter Tony and Danielle. I will never forget that incredible sunrise or that incredible experience.
OUTCOME 2 - I get to know Danielle a whole lot better
Janice and Danielle roused the kids and took them to the bathroom. Tony went to his trunk and pulled out a book. I climbed into the passenger seat of our Odyssey and had a snack of crackers & cheese and some water. The wives and kids came back and we got everyone fed and settled again. It was 2:30 before my kids calmed down and went back to sleep. Looking over at the New Yorkers, I saw Tony was asleep in the driver's seat, and Danielle was rummaging around for something. She got out and bent over, looking for something on the floor. As I admired the round globes of her butt cheeks, I heard a soft snore on my right, letting me know that Janice must have passed out. However, I was still wired and bored (having no books to read and no data to do any surfing). To be honest I was also really horny, having gone more than a week without sex or even beating off. I decided to sit and enjoy the view for a while and maybe I'd eventually get some sleep.
Danielle went to the rear of the van and opened the lift gate, so I lost sight of her for a while. Then she came back around the passenger side. She looked around, saw me watching so she smiled and waved. I returned her smile and wave, while feeling another stirring in my crotch. Her nipples had popped up to greet the cool early morning air, and they made my cock swell.
She approached our van. I rolled down the window to greet her. "Howdy stranger. I guess you can't sleep either huh? Tony is right out, but I'm still too jazzed from all this excitement to sleep. I was reading for a while, but my light burned out. The instruction manual said it might be either the fuse or the bulb, but it doesn't tell me where they are. You have the same van as us. Do you know?"
I replied, "As a matter of fact I do." I opened the door and said, "The fuses and spares are stored here." I pointed to a panel near the steering wheel. "The spare bulbs are in the trunk area."
I got out and escorted her to the rear of the van. She stood close to me as I opened the lift gate and explained that our Odyssey came with spare bulbs stowed behind a panel on the passenger side, and pointed to its general vicinity.
She placed her hand on my arm and thanked me again. Then she glanced down and her eyes widened in surprise. I looked down and noticed that my forgotten erection was still making a tent in my shorts. I turned beet red and covered myself up. She giggled as I stammered an apology. Then, with a laugh, she said "James, you'd better be careful where you put that thing because I hear there are cougars in the area."
She turned and walked back to her van, with a definite wiggle in her butt. As she got to the door, she quickly turned and caught me staring at her backside. Emitting a small giggle, she climbed in and closed the door.
I climbed back in to my van and sat there stewing. I was horny. I was horny for another woman. And unless I was misreading things, I think she kinda liked me too. What should I do? Should I masturbate here in the van? No, I don't want to wake Janice or the kids. Should I go to the men's room and jerk off in one of the stalls? No, there were enough people using it, even at this hour, and I worried about getting caught.
I observed Danielle getting out of her van and rushing to the ladies room, and soon I was back to thinking about her again. I tried sitting there and blocking it out of my mind. I tried the old cliche and thought about baseball and dirty diapers etc. However, my thoughts kept returning to Danielle and her sexy little walk and stiff nipples. It was useless and I decided to give in to my fantasy.
In my mind's eye, I imagined her tits and what they looked like naked. I wondered whether she had neatly trimmed pubes, or whether she shaved. I couldn't imagine her having 70s bush. I wondered what sort of sounds she made while she got fucked. I wondered what sort of positions she and Tony liked.
All of these thoughts were churning around in my head, and only served to heighten my arousal. I needed to do something about my raging hardon so that I could get some sleep. Our van was parked next to the New Yorkers at the far end of the rest stop parking lot. We backed on to a forest. Danielle had not returned from the ladies room yet, so maybe I could sneak into the forest, rub one out quickly, and be back before anyone was the wiser. Yeah, this seemed like the best course of action for my present troubles.
I quietly exited my van, and looked around to ensure I was unseen before I darted into the woods. My plan was to go where I would be concealed enough to take care of business, but close enough that I could still see the vans. I stumbled through the brush, snapping twigs and tripping over things, until I remembered my phone had a flashlight app. I whipped it out and started the app, and soon was using the pale blue-white glow to light my way and help me avoid obstacles.
I got to a likely place and looked around. Nothing. Other than the occasional hiss of traffic going south on the interstate, and the continuous chirping of crickets, I didn't hear anything else. I propped my phone in the crook of a tree so that I still had light, then I unzipped my shorts and reached in and touched myself.
The precum was leaking from my slit and my balls were begging for release. I imagined what it would be like to fuck Danielle, to feel my cock sliding in and out of her wet folds. I wondered if she liked to taste her own pussy. My wife loves tasting her own juices on my mouth and cock, and that turns me on so much. I wonder if that sort of thing appealed to Danielle. I could feel the pressure building in my balls and knew that I was going to shoot my load soon.
Suddenly a twig snapped nearby. I froze in alarm, my impending orgasm forgotten. Another twig snapped, a bit closer this time. I tucked my turgid member away and held up my phone to see if I could see the source of the sound.
"James? Is that you?"
It was Danielle! I'm caught!
I tried make my reply sound normal. "Yes Danielle, it's me."
"Well what are you doing out here," she asked, stepping in to the light. She was now wearing a sweater over her tank top, but her nipples continued to protrude provocatively. "I saw you leave, but started to get worried when you didn't return quickly. What are you doing out here?"
"Nothin."
"Don't give me that James. I'm raising two girls and I know 'nothin' means you're up to something. Out with it."
"It's really nothing Danielle. I just wanted to get out of the van and I didn't want to bother anyone. I came out for a nature walk."
She said, "Ok, but you aren't walking. You're just kinda standing there and...oh god! Oh my god! Did I interrupt something...you know...private?"
I sighed and said, "If you must know, yes...I needed a little 'private time'. It's been a long trip and I needed to relieve some stress."
"I hear ya. I could use a little 'private time' myself. It's been 2 weeks since Tony and I have had any alone time and the shower nozzles at Disney aren't built for that kind of magic."
I barked a laugh at that and relaxed a bit. I expected her to leave so I could finish, but she actually moved further into the light, closer to me. My cock, which had softened at the second twig snap earlier, now started twitching again as blood started flowing back to my other brain.
Come to think of it, my other brain had been doing a lot of 'thinking' for me lately. And right then it was thinking it wanted to pop up and say hello to this pretty woman. The silence seemed to stretch on, but that doesn't mean nothing was happening. The air was electric with sexual tension. Perhaps inadvertently, Danielle was chewing her lower lip and even toyed with her hair a bit. Her gaze was now focused on my crotch, where my stiffening rod was now making a bulge in the front of my shorts. In return, I watched her chest heave and her nipples poke out the tank top once again.
Finally she spoke, in more of a husky whisper. "What had you been thinking about before I interrupted you?"
"Wouldn't you like to know," I answered coyly.
"I'm going to guess you were thinking about moi," she said, batting her eyes at me.
I blushed and didn't say anything.
"I thought so. Can I tell you a secret James?"
"What?" It came out in a croak.
"I've been thinking about you too. After I saw your hardon, I went back to my van. My pussy got wet thinking about it, so I snuck into the bathroom and rubbed a quick one out. When I was coming out, I saw you sneaking into the woods so I thought I'd follow you. I've seen everything."
I swallowed hard. "So what do we do about our current situation then Danielle?"
"Well, we could return to our vans unfulfilled and wondering. Or we could just go with it and give in to our desires."
In a whisper, I asked, "What do you want?"
Her reply came out in a hiss. "I want your hard cock in my juicy pussy! I want you to fuck me here, against this tree. Please give it to me."
I needed no further convincing. I pulled her to me and crushed her body against mine. Our lips sought each other and soon we were locked in a heated wet kiss. She sucked on my tongue and groaned into my mouth as I grabbed a handful of her hair.
In my lust I was behaving like an animal. I was never this rough with Janice. I pawed at Danielle's tits and slid my hand inside her tank top making contact with her soft warm flesh. I squeezed and grabbed at her fleshy orbs, pinching hard at her nipples. She licked my ear and sucked on my neck and grabbed my raging boner with both hands. "I need you inside me. Fuck me now!" I stepped away from her and yanked down her pajama bottoms. She wasn't wearing underwear. She turned her back on me, bent over at the waist, and grabbed the tree in front of her.
I stepped behind her and unceremoniously thrust my hard member into her sopping entrance, burying myself to the hilt. We both groaned. I stayed there for a moment, savouring this new pussy sheathed around me. She squeezed her PC muscles and I could feel her pulsing around my shaft.
I pulled out and rammed it back in hard. She yelped and I grunted. Again I left my shaft buried inside her, savouring her wetness. She whimpered in frustration; obviously she wanted me to go faster. But I was in the driver's seat on this one, and I was doing what I wanted. A thought occurred to me and I laughed.
"What's so funny back there?"
"I had been thinking earlier about what it would be like to fuck you, and what sort of sounds you'd make. I guess now I know."
"Well are you going to stand there and wax poetic, or are you going to fuck me like I need to be fucked?"
"Ok, I'll shut up," I said as I withdrew my rod, then I grabbed a hold of her nicely rounded hips and slammed back in to her. Now I started fucking her in earnest, shoving my cock in and out of her in a steady rhythm.
"Ugh fuck. Your cock feels so good inside me. I've...uh...wanted...this since the...restaurant."
"Oh Danielle, your cunt is so wet! I've wanted to fuck you since seeing you at the resort. I want to taste you. Let me lick you."
"Not now. Fuck me harder. Ugh. Oh yeah! Right there!"
I took one hand off her hip and reached around, trying to locate her clit. She sensed what I was trying to do and guided my hand to her centre, then she let go and grabbed the tree again. I spread her lips with my first and third fingers, then diddled her with my middle finger.
I kept this up for a moment before she whimpered and told me she was cumming. I felt a gush of wetness and her knees got weak. I continued diddling her little clitty and fucking her as she rode the waves of orgasm.
I slowed down to wait for her to come down, then told her I wanted to change positions. We spread out her pants and sweater, then I lay down on my back. She climbed on top in the cowgirl position and sank down on my upright shaft, impaling herself. She bent over to kiss me, slowly working her hot wet sheath up and down on me. I reached up and grabbed her tits and let her ride me. Her pace slowly increased and I could feel my orgasm building. She leaned forward again and I took one of her glorious tits into my mouth and sucked hard. She moaned in appreciation and reached down and brushed my hair out of my face. Then she leaned back, exposing her neatly trimmed bush. I reached in and began diddling her again. She responded and started riding me faster, grinding against me. I could feel my cum rising and told her so. "Cum inside me. I want to feel your hot load shoot into my pussy."
I let go and started shooting deep into her cavern. She screamed out that she was cumming too and I felt her juices gushing out of her, coating my balls and lap.
Once her orgasm subsided, she climbed off my softening penis, but instead of getting dressed or lying down beside me, she climbed up and started to straddle my head.
"Whoa Danielle, what are you doing?"
"You said you wanted to lick me. So here you go. Eat my hot cunt. I want to taste myself on you too."
Without waiting, she swung her leg over and planted her just fucked twat on my face. It was so warm and wet and just so fucking sexy that I felt compelled to bury my face in her cunt. I dove in and licked her, tasting our combined juices leaking out of her hole. Meanwhile, she took my manhood into her mouth, sucking and moaning and breathing life back into it. Soon I was rock hard again and eating her out like I was starving. I jumped a little when her finger crept into my ass crack and started gently massaging my asshole.
"Tony loves it when I finger his ass while blowing him."
I came up for air long enough to tell her Janice has never done that to me, then I dove back in and continued licking and sucking her saturated vagina. I felt her spreading my legs, then felt an insistent finger pushing at my hole. "Relax," she said. "It will feel great. I promise. Keep licking me." I relaxed and groaned into her honey pot when she started sliding a finger up my virgin hole.
I continued licking, focusing on her clit. She worked more of her finger inside me, while blowing me. Then she crooked her finger and started pressing my prostate. My orgasm came out of nowhere. I screamed into her cunt and filled her mouth with my sperm. That must have set her off because she creamed on my face, her juices running down my chin.
Some time later, we composed ourselves, got dressed and kissed some more. Then we came up with a story to tell our spouses in case they hadn't slept through our little tryst and wondered where we were. She returned first, and I followed behind 10 minutes later. Thankfully it looked like everyone was still asleep and our absence went unnoticed.
I went to the washroom to clean up, then return to my van and my sleeping family.
Tony emerged from his van a few moments later and said the wreckage had been cleared a short time ago and the state troopers were beginning to open the road again. "I guess we're going to leave now. Danielle is anxious to be gone. It was nice meeting you."
We made our goodbyes and watched them leave the parking lot and get onto the highway.
Janice said it was nice meeting Tony and Danielle and maybe we'd see them further up the road. We got ready and hit the road again, with Janice driving. Traffic the rest of the way home was smooth and we never did encounter them. I will never forget that incredible experience.
OUTCOME 3 - Tony and I double-team my wife.
Janice and Danielle roused the kids and took them to the bathroom. Tony went to his trunk and pulled out a book. I climbed into the passenger seat of our Odyssey and had a snack of crackers & cheese and some water. The wives and kids came back and we got everyone fed and settled again. It was 2:30 before my kids calmed down and went back to sleep. Looking over at the New Yorkers, I noticed that Danielle was asleep in the passenger seat. Tony was sitting in the driver's seat and the soft blue/white glow of a tablet illuminated his features.
Janice said she wasn't ready for bed yet. Despite the tiring day, neither was I. I whispered to Janice, "Maybe it's something about being cooped up or the fresh mountain air or whatever, but I was hoping we can have some private time if you know what I mean."
She chuckled and said, "You know our kids are like 3 feet away right?"
"Yeah but they're asleep and I feel like I'm about to burst. I need to feel myself inside you."
"Easy there tiger. I know what you mean about feeling like you're ready to burst, but this is not the time or the place. Wait until we get home."
"But Jan, I can't wait that long. And I'm not proposing we go at it in here. The woods is right back there. Maybe we could go for a little nature walk and relieve some tension? I read about a wonderful lookout spot half a kilometer from here."
"So you want to leave the kids here while we go have a quickie in the woods? Are you nuts?"
"No, just really horny. Come on Jan, I'll lock the van. Besides, it will be just like old times. Do you remember when we camped in Algonquin? We got it on all over nature then." I placed my hand on her leg, gently rubbing it. Then I brushed her hair back off her ear and leaned over to kiss her.
Our kiss turned hot and wet and we were both breathing hard when she broke the kiss.
She opened her door and said, "You coming?"
I took the hint. I pulled my keys out of the ignition, slid out of the driver's seat and locked the van. I met Janice at the rear of our van and kissed her deeply again.
She broke the kiss, took my hand and started pulling me away from the van towards the forest behind us. I let her lead me until she bumped into a tree. Then she turned around and I pinned her against it, squeezing her ass and kissing her deeply.
"Where's this lookout place you were telling me about?"
According to the map in the lobby, it was about 1km away from where we were parked. I led her towards the path and took an opportunity to caress her ass.
Soon we made it to the viewing area. Below us, in the darkness, the valley opened up. There was a bench and a sign and a railing. I made a bee-line for the bench, pulling my wife along with me.
I sat down and she straddled my lap and kissed me. I ran my hands through her hair and then put them up inside her top, palming her heavy tits. She groaned and ground her crotch against mine. I squeezed her ass and pulled her crotch harder against mine, kissing her deeply.
I tucked my head up inside her loose pajama top, sucking on one of her glorious tits. She continued to writhe and grind against me as I slurped and sucked at her awesome tits.
I slipped my hand down the front of her pajama bottoms and worked my way through her coarse bush until I made contact with a very moist vagina. She lifted her crotch away from making contact with mine to grant me easier access to her treasures. She gasped as I touched her clit, gently diddling it and pushing it around with my middle finger.
So there I was sitting on a bench, my wife straddling me and I had one hand in the front of her pajamas with the other hand steadying her hip, my face inside her loose top sucking on one of her generous boobs, when suddenly I got the feeling like we weren't alone. It was kinda weird but I got the feeling like Janice was moving like she was reaching for someone else. I figured she must be grabbing onto the bench or something.
I placed a couple fingers inside her sopping wet gash and felt a gush of juices from her pussy as she ground against my invading digits. She moaned loudly and I figured that it must be everything I'm doing, so I doubled my efforts, trying to make her cum on my fingers. She started thrusting against my fingers and moaning and grunting. Another gush of her nectar and suddenly I feel her being yanked on.
Confused, I pulled my fingers out of Janice's hot box and fought my way out from under her pajama top. What I saw left me absolutely dumbfounded. Tony was there, with his hands on either side of my wife's head. He was fucking her face, stroking his cock in and out of her mouth! I was speechless.
Tony had his head thrown back in ecstasy and my wife's cheeks billowed out as she sucked him. She whimpered and continued to grind against my hard cock. Disjointedly, I wondered how long he had been there and how he managed to convince Janice to suck him, and if she noticed that I was no longer manipulating her soggy twat with my hands.
Tony looked down at me then - we made eye contact. He grinned at me and reached down with both hands and started mauling my wife's tits. I came in my pants right there. No warning. Just seeing him smile while my wife had his cock in her mouth and he pawed at her tits sent me over the edge.
I bucked and moaned as I shot my load all over the inside of my pants. Janice was still blowing Tony, bucking against me and moaning loudly.
When I finished cumming, the realization of what I had just done hit me like a tonne of bricks. I made a movement like I was going to get up, but Janice groaned her disapproval (without removing his cock from her mouth I might add) and kept me pinned down to the bench.
Tony continued to fuck her mouth, not letting her head go. Despite just having cum, I was still rock hard as I watched him dominate her and use her mouth for his pleasure. I was unsure what to do next.
Part of me wanted to climb out from under her, tell Tony to piss off and potentially fight him for my wife's honour if it came to that. The other part of me wanted to see this play out and see how far my wife would take it. To be honest, I wasn't sure how far I wanted it to go, but at the same time it was exciting as hell. After all, I had fantasized in the past about watching another man with my wife.
Fuck it. I made my choice and reached up and grabbed her tits, my hands meeting one of Tony's. Suddenly Janice froze, sensing the jig was up because now there were three hands on her tits instead of one. Almost spitting Tony's prick out of her mouth, she finally turned her attention back to me, looking deeply into my eyes.
Tony, sensing the tension, at least had the grace to remove his hand from my wife's breast, although his erect cock still throbbed an inch from her cheek.
As our eyes locked, Janice and I had a silent conversation to which many long term couples can attest:
"Oh, I didn't expect you to look up. Is it alright if I continue?"
"What the fuck Jan?"
"When we sat down and started making out, I saw him masturbating and watching us from the bushes, so I invited him over."
"Why?"
"He's kinda hot. And don't think I didn't notice you oogling Danielle."
"Are you sure you want to?"
"Yes. He has a nice cock. I want it inside me."
"What about me?"
"I will suck you and you can cum in my mouth. I will even swallow it this time."
"Ok but don't let him cum inside you ok."
This silent conversation might have taken minutes or seconds, I'm not sure which. Janice climbed off me and I stood up. She repositioned herself on the bench on all fours. I walked around to her head, the obvious conclusion being that Tony was welcome to walk around the back and take her for a spin.
Janice pulled down my shorts, exposing my spunk-covered cock to the cool night air. Tony hesitated a little, looking at me. I gave him a slight nod. Apparently that was what he was waiting for.
He pulled down his shorts, stepped behind Janice, and quickly pulled down her pajama bottoms. Without any preamble, he jammed his rock hard meat into her willing hole. She yelped, but it was partially smothered by my cock as I chose that moment to thrust it into her mouth.
We proceeded to fuck my wife from both ends. Feeling her moan and groan around my cock was a great sensation: the vibrations shot a thrill up my spine. I grabbed the sides of her head and fucked her mouth as Tony had done. She opened wide and let me use her.
Meanwhile, Tony was pounding her from behind in a steady rhythm. He placed his hands on her hips and pulled her pelvis back against his as he plowed her furrow. His pace increased and I could tell he was going to cum soon.
I was about to warn him to pull out when Janice suddenly stopped sucking me.
"I want you boys to cum on my tits."
It was so hot to hear her say this. Tony (reluctantly I guess) pulled his cock out of my wife's honey pot and backed up. She sat down on the bench and grasped both of our hard cocks.
She rubbed Tony and I, squeezing our balls and stroking our shafts. She spit on her palms and got into a good rhythm, and then suddenly Tony started spurting his hot cream on my wife's tits. He shot five long ropes of cum and Janice aimed them at her nipples. She smeared his jism around her nipple with his cock head as it started to lose its hardness.
This erotic display was too much for me and I said, "I'm gonna cum."
Janice let go of Tony's cock and bent down to take mine in her mouth. I had just enough time to part her lips with the head, before I was spurting my seed. She proceeded to swallow every drop, sucking me until my prick grew soft in her mouth.
After that, Tony thanked us, pulled his underwear and shorts up and retreated back into the darkness along the path. Janice and I stayed behind at the bench, silent in the darkness.
Eventually she spoke, her voice seemingly loud and sudden in the silence that surrounded us. "I don't know what came over me James. When we were at dinner, he was facing me and looking at me with hunger in his eyes. I gotta admit, it felt nice to be wanted like that. When you and I were kissing in the van, he was watching. When I led you down the path, I knew he was following. And when we sat down on the bench, he saw the whole thing. He surprised me by playing with himself, and showing me his cock. It was like it was someone else controlling me as I beckoned him to come closer, and then suddenly he shoved it in my mouth. I felt like such a slut. I loved the way he fucked my face. I came on your hand, and a couple times while he fucked me. It was so hot. Thank you so much for letting me have my fantasy."
Never in our 18 years together had I heard of this fantasy, but it turned me on immensely. I was just about to act on it when she put a hand on my chest. "The kids," she said.
So instead we got our pajamas straightened out and hiked back to the van. Our van was secure and the kids were still out, but Tony and Danielle's van was gone. It was too bad. We slept for a couple hours, then hit the road. We didn't meet up with the New Yorkers again, but would always cherish the time we spent with them.
OUTCOME 4 - I ride the tricycle with the wives.
Janice and Danielle roused the kids and took them to the bathroom. Tony went to his trunk and pulled out a book. I climbed into the passenger seat of our Odyssey and had a snack of crackers & cheese and some water. The wives and kids came back and we got everyone fed and settled again. It was 2:30am before my kids calmed down and went back to sleep. Looking over at the New Yorkers, I saw that Tony was asleep, but Danielle was still awake.
Janice said she wasn't ready for bed yet. Despite the tiring day, neither was I. I whispered to Janice, "Maybe it's something about being cooped up or the fresh mountain air or whatever, but I was hoping we can have some private time if you know what I mean."
She chuckled and said, "You know our kids are like 3 feet away right?"
"Yeah but they're asleep and I feel like I'm about to burst. I need to feel myself inside you."
"Easy there tiger. I know what you mean about feeling like you're ready to burst, but this is not the time or the place. Wait until we get home."
"But Jan, I can't wait that long. And I'm not proposing we go at it in here. Maybe we could go for a quickie in the ladies room and relieve some tension?"
"So you want to leave the kids here while we go have a quickie? Are you nuts?"
"No, just really horny. Come on Jan, I'll lock the van. Besides, it will be just like old times. Do you remember when we anointed the bathrooms at The Phoenix and The Rose & Crown? You didn't have any problems then." I placed my hand on her leg, gently rubbing it. Then I brushed her hair back off her ear and leaned over to kiss her.
Our kiss turned hot and wet and we were both breathing hard when she broke the kiss.
She opened her door and said, "You coming?"
I took the hint. I pulled my keys out of the ignition, slid out of the driver's seat and locked the van. I met Janice at the rear of our van and kissed her deeply again.
She broke the kiss, took my hand and started pulling me away from the van towards the building with the restrooms. We looked around to ensure that we were not seen, then Janice went inside the ladies room. I waited outside, throbbing in anticipation.
A moment later she reappeared. "One of the stalls is occupied, so let's just wait her out."
"Ok, come here." I enveloped her in my arms and pulled her in for a kiss.
We stood outside the restroom hugging and kissing. When the woman who had been using it left, we ducked inside and Janice pushed me into the accessibility stall.
I sat down on the toilet and she straddled my lap and kissed me. I ran my hands through her hair and then put them up inside her top, palming her heavy tits. She groaned and ground her crotch against mine. I squeezed her ass and pulled her crotch harder against mine, kissing her deeply.
I tucked my head up inside her loose pajama top, sucking on one of her glorious tits. She continued to writhe and grind against me as I slurped and sucked at her awesome tits.
I slipped my hand down the front of her pajama bottoms and worked my way through her coarse bush until I made contact with a very moist vagina. She lifted her crotch away from making contact with mine to grant me easier access to her treasures. She gasped as I touched her clit, gently diddling it and pushing it around with my middle finger. I did this for a few minutes and kissed her. She kissed me back passionately, her tongue intertwining with mine. Suddenly she broke the kiss and stood up.
"I can't wait any longer. I need to feel you inside me now."
I didn't need to be asked twice. I stood up and dropped my shorts, then sat back down on the toilet. Janice was pulling down her pants and was about to climb on board when the outer door opened!
Janice shushed me and then eased herself down on my hard fuck pole. It felt so naughty, being in the ladies room, buried to the hilt in my wife's wet twat, with another woman using the toilet a few stalls down. We remained perfectly still, the walls of Janice's vagina clamping down around my shaft. We heard the woman peeing, then a little rustling around (I assume she was wiping herself), then the toilet flush.
While the toilet was flushing, Janice inched her way back up my cock until the head almost came out. Then she plunged back down. I couldn't help it - I groaned loudly. Janice slapped my arm, but then she repeated the movement - she slid up my cock and then forcefully impaled herself again. It felt incredible, even more so because neither of us were sure whether the woman had actually exited the restroom yet.
I brought my hands up to her nipples and tweaked them, while she began riding me in earnest. By this time, I didn't care if we were being quiet or not, so I grunted and told my wife how amazing it felt. She finally released the whimper that she had been holding and began groaning and moaning with her efforts.
I leaned back, closed my eyes, and let my wife ride me. Her speed increased and her juices were flowing copiously. I couldn't take much more of this. I opened my eyes and saw Danielle's head watching us at the top of the stall. I was stunned. I didn't know what to do. Unaware of our audience, Janice continued thrusting her pelvis up and down on me, her heavy tits jiggling and bouncing with each thrust. Danielle winked and put a finger to her lips to indicate I shouldn't say anything.
It was so hot to know she was watching us. I reached down and began to diddle her clit again. I was very close to cumming and I wanted her to cum too, but I was unsure what Danielle was going to do. Then I got my answer.
From the next stall we heard a loud moan. Janice suddenly went still. We heard wet noises and moans for a moment. Finally Danielle spoke. "Don't stop on my account guys. I'm so close to cumming."
Janice's pussy gripped me tightly and I felt a gush of her juices. That was enough for me. I grunted and announced "I'm cumming. Oh. I'm filling her pussy with my hot cum." This caused Janice to moan loudly and then resume fucking me. She also let go and let everyone know how good my hot jizz felt as I was shooting up inside her.
After our orgasms subsided and we were catching our breath, Danielle emerged from her stall and knocked on our door. Janice, still sitting on my cock, got up and unlocked the door. My jaw hit the floor.
There was Danielle, naked except for the pajama bottoms bunched up at her ankles. She had one hand still toying with her bald pussy. She smiled and asked, "Mind if I join you?"
Without waiting for an answer, Danielle stepped into our stall, locking the door behind her. I scrambled to try covering myself, pulling on my shorts. However, Janice seemed largely unbothered by our visitor.
"I saw you two going at it, then waiting until the restroom became free. I figured out what you were doing in here pretty quickly after seeing both of your feet in this stall. I put a maintenance sign on the outside door, so hopefully we won't be disturbed."
I was trying to figure out what to do, when suddenly it dawned on me that my wife had not attempted to get redressed, nor had she yelled at Danielle for her intrusion. Indeed, Janice stood there with her eyes riveted to Danielle's hand toying with her bald pussy. Then I witnessed something I never thought possible. Danielle leaned in and kissed my wife! And Janice appeared to like it!
As they kissed, Janice moved her body close to Danielle's and placed a hand behind her head, pulling her in tighter. My cock rose again watching my gorgeous wife kiss this other fantastic woman. Their kiss deepened and soon Janice was moaning. I noticed that Danielle's hands started to get busy. She started fondling my wife's breasts. Janice responded by fondling Danielle's large tits too.
I sat back and watched as Danielle's hand strayed lower now, toying with my wife's bush before making its way down to her freshly fucked twat. Janice groaned as Danielle grazed her clit, then ran a finger down her wet slit. Danielle hissed "Oh my god, she's so fucking wet." and stuck her finger inside my wife's cunt.
Janice spread her legs wide, giving me an awesome view of Danielle's hand motions. Danielle had two fingers gently sawing in and out, while her other hand held apart my wife's generous lips. "I can feel his cum inside you. There's so much of it." She withdrew her hand, and I watched as she stuck her fingers in her mouth and licked our cum. Then she plunged three fingers back inside Janice and continued playing for another moment, then Danielle withdrew her fingers again and fed them to her.
My cock was now fully hard, but I was feeling a bit left out. Not for long though. Janice, in between moaning and panting said, "Feed him."
So Danielle again withdrew her fingers from my wife's hole and held them up under my nose for me to sniff, then inserted them into my mouth. I groaned around her fingers as I licked and sucked them clean, savouring the flavour and texture of our combined fluids. Danielle groaned and told us how hot it was. Then she said that she should taste it from the source.
She bent my wife over so that she was grabbing onto one of the assist bars, spread her cheeks and lips and dove in. Meanwhile, I continued to sit on the toilet unsure of what to do. I watched as Danielle brought my wife to a quick orgasm with her tongue and fingers. Then she motioned for me to come and join her. I knelt down beside Danielle and began to explore Janice's crevice with my fingers. Janice groaned in frustration and urged me to use my tongue.
So I did. I buried my face in her flooded valley and began licking her slit. Then I felt Danielle's hand wrap around my prick and I groaned into my wife's cavern. She started stroking me gently while I continued to tongue my wife's pussy. Soon I was rewarded with another orgasm from my wife.
At this point my wife said she had enough for a bit, but she was hoping she could try licking Danielle since it was always a fantasy of hers. Danielle gladly obliged and let go of my cock. She traded positions with Janice and bent over. Janice hesitantly explored Danielle's vaginal area, touching the folds and finally getting to the sensitive clitoris. As she got braver, Danielle's moans and sighs of pleasure increased.
Janice took Danielle's clit and rolled it between two fingers, then plunged two other fingers inside her. Danielle's hips humped back against my wife's hand, trying to force her fingers in deeper. My wife obliged and dispensed with the gentleness and started truly finger fucking her. I knelt down beside my wife, fascinated by her look of concentration as she fingered our new friend. I must have broken her concentration at one point as I leaned in to kiss my wife, Janice stopped reaming Danielle, causing her to groan in frustration.
I broke the kiss and told her I wanted to see her tongue fuck Danielle. Janice withdrew her fingers and leaned in. At first, she merely inhaled her scent (which I must admit was quite pungent, but still immensely erotic). Then she leaned forward and touched her tongue to the exposed clit. Danielle's body jumped in response to the touch. Again Janice flicked the clit with her tongue. I suggested she try to lick the entire slit with the flat of her tongue. So Janice started at the top near Danielle's pretty rosebud, then worked her way down. I also suggested she tongue-fuck her, and Janice was only too happy to oblige. I climbed behind my wife and started playing with her cunt again as she ate her first pussy.
Soon Danielle screamed out her orgasm and spread her nectar all over my wife's tongue and face. I pulled my wife into a deep kiss, savouring Danielle's juices and flavour. Danielle asked Janice if it would be okay if she sat on my cock.
"If he doesn't mind. You don't mind do you James?"
"Not at all," I replied.
So I sat back on the toilet and Danielle straddled my hips. I watched in awe as her blad pussy descended and my cock head split her lips. Then, in one swift motion, I was impaled inside of her balls deep. I held my breath as I got used to the feeling of her pussy.
Danielle beckoned my wife over, then began a slow grinding motion as she sat upon my manhood. Janice came over and Danielle pulled her head down for a deep kiss. Her wet pussy was gripping my cock nicely and watching her make out with my wife was so hot. As the kiss broke, Danielle whispered something to Janice, and then Janice nodded her head.
Suddenly Danielle picked up the pace and began to fuck me hard. I sat back and my wife came over. She straddled my hand, putting it in direct contact with her pussy. I slipped two fingers inside and found her still dripping wet. I started pleasuring my wife as she kissed the woman riding my rigid pole.
I could feel the sensation in building inside of me. I was getting close. I didn't know if Danielle was on the pill or not, so I warned her.
"It's ok. I want you to cum inside me. Do it. Shoot your hot load up my cunt."
That sent me over the edge. I began to shoot my second load of the day, coating her insides with my spunk. A moment later Danielle rode out her own climax on my deflating cock.
Then she climbed off me. Immediately she bent over and grabbed the assist bar again. My wife got behind her and began to eat her just-fucked slot. After a moment, she beckoned me to come over. I knelt behind Danielle and proceeded to tongue her cunt, sucking out my cum along with her juices. It was so erotic.
We kissed and she thanked us for a memorable experience, then left our stall. We heard her getting dressed in the next staff, then a moment later she left. Janice and I continued to sit in the stall, cuddling and touching. We were both really blissed out by what had just happened.
Eventually we realized we needed to get back to the kids, so we got dressed and went back to our van. Our van was secure and the kids were still out, but Tony and Danielle's van was gone. It was too bad. We slept for a couple hours, then hit the road. We didn't meet up with the New Yorkers again, but would always cherish the time we spent with them and our amazing experience with Danielle.