"So, we're on a bit of a clock," he said, removing his cufflinks and setting them down on a sterling silver serving platter. "As you can see," he motioned around to the rest of the kitchen, "we've had to improvise. But it's a poor craftsman who blames his tools, and I'm very good at this." She looked around without turning her head. They were in what looked to be a commercial kitchen. Most of the lights had been turned off, but there were several stainless steel prep tables, stools, pot racks. It was unremarkable, but somehow more sinister without the cacophony of a chef and staff. This was where food from the party had been made. There was still heat coming off of the stoves and a hint of citrus in the air. They'd served Leckerli. She'd been otherwise occupied and realized she was hungry. She'd had to flirt with the German Ambassador in order to get upstairs past the BKA guard. She didn't get any of the hors d'oeuvres, just a drink that--"Oh," she said. Her eyes went a bit wider.
"Good, so you remember me." He gave an obnoxious smirk. "There was a little something in that elderflower cocktail. You may find yourself more cooperative in a few minutes." She didn't feel different yet. "As I was saying, we're dealing with some constraints. You're obviously not," he glanced down at some papers, "Anna Müller." She was not Anna Müller.
"You'll probably be missed if I don't have you out of here in, say, two hours." He removed his tuxedo jacket and carefully folded it. "And I can't leave any marks that would raise attention. That's why you're speaking with me instead of the BND. They contract with me in special circumstances. You have to admire German efficiency, but they're blunt instruments. No phone books, no car batteries tonight, but you will tell me what I want to know." She knew running wasn't an option... she'd been picked up by security at the gate as she tried to leave. "You're not Anna Müller, right? Sprechen? Sind Sie ein Dreilochstute? Mein fleischpeitsche ist schwer, nur daran zu denken." She was still not Anna Müller.
This had not been planned with the same care and detail one had come to expect from the agency responsible for the Bay of Pigs. Not-Anna was a foreign service officer with the CIA. She had been posted at Mission Berlin until recently. It had come to the Company's attention that not-Anna, whose real name was Camilla, looked very much like Anna Müller, who was a Swiss escort who was often hired to make diplomats feel better about being away from their wives. Anna had worked primarily in Bern, but she'd never been to the embassy of the Bundesrepublik Deutschland at the corner of Strasses Willadingweg and Brunnadernrain. Anna has been picked up at Dulles with 3.5g of cocaine. The magic 8-ball said she was off the board, and Camilla could take her place and go to an important reception the next week. This was important because the CIA suspected the German ambassador of double-dealing. Operation Thesaurus was going to be an intelligence coup, and they didn't need him fucking it up by stealing a few pinwheels off of the new CX-52s and selling them to the Austrians. It really was a cluster.
He was rolling his sleeves up. It looked like an Audemars Piguet Royal Oak on his wrist. That was an expensive watch... who was he and how often did the BND have special circumstances, she wondered? She had excellent taste. Part of her job in Berlin had been to make the wannabe James Bond-types look like they actually belonged. Most espionage was sitting in vans with headsets on or bribing the local butcher to give the right person a phone call when the wrong person was in to pick up a string of sausages, but sometimes, you needed to clean up well. That's why Camilla had made some changes to the wardrobe Anna would have brought with her. Anna would have been sexy, but she would have looked like an escort, and this would have attracted the attention of the ambassador's wife, and consequently not the ambassador. He was a philanderer, but he was discreet. So while Elderflower over there was removing his overpriced timepiece, Camilla was reflecting on her own wardrobe. She'd worn a tasteful, full-length dress. Rouge - that complemented her light skin well - and matched the lingerie she had beneath it. She'd wanted to look the part. It didn't matter that no part of the plan involved anyone seeing the expensive, floral lingerie. The Company was paying and she knew no one else at the mission would have any use for a bra that basically took itself off.
"Shall we begin?" Elderflower said. He stretched. "I'm going to search you now. The ambassador is missing something, and we have reason to suspect you know where it is." He took a step toward her. "The reason being I saw you leave the ambassador's office. I'm going to be thorough, so I'd like you to remove your clothing now."
She instinctively said, "No!"
"I thought you might say that." He moved quickly toward her and she raised up her right arm to slap him, still trying to play the part. He had produced a short length of cord with some knots already in it, and when she brought her arm down, he sidestepped and looped her right wrist in the cord, then stepped behind her and had both her arms pinned. She felt the cords cinch. He pulled down on her wrists until her balance faltered and her weight fell back against him. "That wasn't wise," he said, and then quietly into her ear, "What the fuck are you doing here?" He kept his left hand on the cord now binding her, with enough pressure that she was leaning back on his shoulder and couldn't move. His right hand started to search her. He reached around her body with his right and to her left hip and moved it across to the other side, firmly enough that she knew he felt the outline of her thong. He traveled upward, checking under her bust on both sides.
"Stop!" she said. "You have no right to keep me here!" He ignored her. "I'm going to need something to call you other than Anna," he said.
He moved his hands up onto her breasts, and pressed more firmly, squeezing each one, clearly not just to see if she was hiding anything. She rocked her shoulder indignantly, trying to get free of him. He responded by pulling down on her wrists with more force, and she almost fell. "I am Anna Müller!" she protested.
"That's one," he said. His hand left her breasts and she saw him reaching for his pocket out of the corner of her eye. He produced a karambit, a small, curved knife, and hooked it under the left strap of her dress. She had a flash of recognition. "What's your name?" he asked. Camilla replied, "Anna."
"That's two." He sliced cleanly through the strap with a quick motion. It fell loose, but her dress didn't move, on account of the tailoring and her enviable breasts. She felt a chill run down her spine. She'd known there was some risk involved when she volunteered to double Müller, but she thought she might get thrown out of a party, not strip-searched in a kitchen by a man with--noticing for the first time--actually quite nice forearms, save for a long scar that wrapped around his right arm. She tried to shake the thought, unsuccessfuly, but whatever he'd put in her drink was fighting effectively against the chill and she realized she wasn't as afraid as perhaps she ought to be.
"This really is a lovely dress. I'm sorry I had to ruin it," he said. He moved the knife under the strap on her right shoulder. "What did you take from the ambassador's office?" he asked.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Camilla said, sticking to her cover. She wasn't sure what else to do. She couldn't say, "Oh, well my name is Camilla, I work for the CIA, and I'm here to keep your shitheel boss from blowing up decades of intelligence work."
The right strap fell. "Three," he said. "In case you can't tell, I'm keeping track of the number of times you've lied to me. It's the same lie, but there aren't really any rules here, except for the ones I make."
"Fick dich, Schweinehund!" Camilla hadn't been at Berlin for long enough to be fluent, but there were enough men who catcalled her on the streets to pick up a few things. It had actually only been one, and she was pretty sure he'd been Italian, but she had gone straight to the typing pool for some useful phrases. Maybe it'd help sell her story.
He let up on her wrists and she was able to stand up straight. He set the knife down on the counter. "That's not really a lie, per se, but it's still not the level of international cooperation we're going for tonight." He came back to her and ripped her dress open at the sides with both hands. It fell to her feet. "I guess it's possible that you really are Anna and this has all been a terrible mistake. Am I mistaken?"
"Yes," she said. "I'm Anna. I was hired by one of the attachés to show up to this party and make the men feel important and listen to what they said once they'd had too many drinks. Please let me go!" "So what is it that you do, Anna?" he asked.
Okay, Camilla thought. Maybe there was a way out of this. She said slowly, glancing deliberately at the floor as if to indicate embarrassement, "I'm an escort. Please. Let me go." "An escort?" he said. "So you have special talents? You know how to please men? If I let you go, what will you do for me?" "Anything you want," she lied, "If you let me go." She thought to herself, "If you let me go, I'm going to kick you in the balls, grab that knife and what's left of my dress and find a way out of this kitchen."
He started counting on his fingers with one hand, making quite the show of it. "Seven?" he said, "I think that's seven? But we'll just round up to whatever the fuck I feel like. How does that sound?"
Scheiße.
Not waiting for a replay, he walked her over to one of the high kitchen stools, sat down, and then pulled her down over his left leg. His left hand was holding her arms at the wrists, stabilizing her, but this was a precarious position. She was staring at the floor as she felt her panties pulled down and over each foot. It took him a moment, and she was momentarily glad she'd opted for the three inch heels instead of the two. Fuck this guy. She heard him smell her underwear. "Very subtle," he said. He unhooked her bra and pulled the straps from her shoulders. Her wrists were still tied, so he couldn't take that off entirely, but her breasts fell free. He hooked his right leg over both of hers - she was fairly well stuck, bare ass in the air. He let go of her wrists and she felt him lean over and grab a handful of her hair. He pulled her head back with his right hand and reached around with his left. Her mouth had fallen open when he did, and she found it suddenly stuffed full of thong.
"Mmmphh!"
He lowered her head gently and let go of her hair. His left arm wrapped around her waist under her arms, which had to bend at the elbows to accommodate the new angle. She could have kicked her feet a little bit, but what would be the point? She couldn't move.
Camilla felt him lean back and twist. She heard him pick something up off of the counter behind the stool, and he placed it in her hand. "That's a kitchen timer," he said. "You should hold onto it for now. You obviously aren't in the mood to talk, so I've removed the ability for you to do so."
"Mmthmrphmmph!" She could breathe fine, but she couldn't spit out her panties. She could feel his cock through his pants up against her hip.
"You've been lying and I don't like being lied to, so what I'm going to do is twist the kitchen timer - I'd say seven minutes for seven lies, but you won't be able to see the dial anyway, so let's just say 'awhile' and let you wonder. When the timer starts, I'm going to give you a spanking. I'll begin slowly to warm you up, but the longer we go, the harder I'm going to spank you. You can drop the kitchen timer when you're ready to talk. If you hold onto it until it rings.. Who knows. I might reset it for longer, or we might move on to something more interesting. Does that all make sense?"
Camilla didn't respond. She was still processing the precarity she was in. She knew she needed to buy time, but she was pretty sure she wasn't going to enjoy the going rate if he was serious. He'd been serious thus far. She heard the loud smack before feeling a sting. It was a surprise, but more bark than bite. She felt the tingle dissipate from her right ass cheek as he said, "I asked you if that made sense."
"Mmhm," she replied, a little chastened. He closed his hand around hers to indicate she should hold the timer tightly. It was warm, and his skin was softer than she might've imagined. She did, and she heard him twist the dial.
He did start slowly. She was expecting the same as when she'd taken too long to answer him, but that's not what she got. He distributed light smacks across her whole ass, alternating between left and right, getting the sides, the tops of her thighs, the backs, and--ouch--the tender spots on her upper thighs where they met her buttocks. She heard him chuckle to himself when he landed the first spank there and she made a little noise. He was painting her ass with what she assumed was a reddish shade of pink. Largely she had remained silent, though. She tried to squirm a little bit, but Camilla was strong and stubborn, and she didn't want this man to have any satisfaction if it could be helped.
He stopped spanking her and began rubbing her ass gently with his hand--giving it little squeezes--like he was inspecting her. Her ass felt warm, and she became acutely aware of her nakedness. She was still holding the timer. "Are you ready to be honest yet?" he asked. She stuck out her middle finger.
"Have it your way," he said, enthusiastically. He gathered her hair near the base of her head and held it. He pulled her head back and whispered in her ear again. "The last time I saw you was in Termoli. You left rather abruptly, if I recall, with something that didn't belong to you. It's time to settle your tab."
The knife, she thought. The scar. It was Walker.
He pulled her hair roughly, forcing her gaze at the back of the room behind him. "Do you see?" he asked. She tried to say yes, but it came out as, "Mffph." She dipped her chin to nod. There was a CCTV camera in the corner. "We have to make this look good," Walker said. He moved her head back into a neutral position and brushed her hair to one side.
Was it relief she felt? Sure, she thought, let's call it relief. Of all the gin joints...
The smacks came faster now, firmer. He had cupped his hand slightly, and was lifting her flesh a bit when he hit. He wasn't painting anymore. She felt embarrassment more than pain. This wasn't at all like the first time--that had been years ago--he was just toying with her.
Camilla couldn't help but moan and cry out a little in frustration, muffled by the underwear still in her mouth. Her ass felt hot and she started to get dizzy from having had her head down. She strained against him and kicked her feet, but Walker ignored it. His cock was pressing into her now. It was getting to be too much. Her face felt as red as her ass must have been. Every time she tried to form a thought, his hand would land, and a spark of heat reset her. She let go of the kitchen timer and it clattered to the floor. He stopped immediately.
She was taking short panting breaths. He switched back to gently stroking her ass. His arm around her waist released, and she could move her arms a little again. He stroked her back with his left hand. He was letting her recover. His right hand moved between her legs and he touched her pussy, which she now realized felt as hot and exposed as her ass. He slipped a finger between her lips--she was very wet, too. Was it chance, or had he remembered slowly undressing her not long after they'd met? How it had turned her on? Or the look in her eyes when he'd pushed her up against a wall? Her clit felt electric, and he started tracing little circles around it with a fingertip. She forgot about the indignity of the spanking and allowed herself a moment of pleasure. He took her underwear out of her mouth and set it on the counter behind them. She started taking slower, deeper breaths, and began to calm.
"Are you ready to tell me the truth?" Walker asked. "Y.. yes." Her reply came between breaths. The timer started to ring. "You did well," he said, as he lifted her off of his lap and back to her feet. She was unsteady and her hands were still bound behind her. He got off of the stool and reached down to pick up the timer. He turned it off. As he got up, she saw him looking her up and down, pausing at her pussy and her breasts, which were uncovered by the bra still hanging on her arms by its straps. He set the timer by her underwear and said, "I need to finish searching you, and I'll ask you some questions as I do."
She was regaining her composure, and lamenting having flipped him off.
He led her over to another tall prep table, and stepped behind some shelves, clearly looking for something. He came back into view with a plain white runner, and unfolded it onto the table. He put his hands on her hips and moved her to the end of the table. With one hand on the back of her neck and the other on her chest, he bent her at the waist and lowered her onto the table. With her heels, she was barely tall enough to keep her feet grounded. He laid her head on its side and brushed her hair back from her face. He walked away from her again to a cabinet and returned with a bottle of olive oil, which he set down in her vision.
"Extra virgin--the good stuff--We can't say that about you though," he smirked and walked behind her, taking the bottle.
"What's your real name?" he asked.
Why was he asking? He knew her name. Before realizing it was Walker, she'd formulated a plan: to tell him some truths in the hope that it'd satisfy him. She'd passed the pinwheels to another operative after retrieving them at the party, and she was sure he was on his way to the Embassy. Across town. On foot. She played for time.
"Camilla," she answered.
"Good girl." His tone wasn't condescending, even if the words seemed so. She knew she was slowly getting fuzzier. "What were you doing at the reception tonight, Camilla?" he asked.
She heard him unscrew the cap to the olive oil bottle, but she didn't want to move and couldn't see well back over her shoulder. He crouched down behind her, and gave the back of her legs a teasing stroke. Before she could answer, he grabbed her ass, still bright from being spanked, with both hands and spread her apart. "Well?" he asked, matter-of-factly.
"Uh.. I was uh.." she was having trouble concentrating again, knowing he was staring right at her ass and pussy. "Anna couldn't make it, so the service sent me instead. We look alike." She did look like Anna. "They told me to get close to the ambassador and listen." This was also plausible, as escort services were in the business of keeping secrets. The more the merrier. For Camilla, it had been a secondary goal of the mission. After she handed off the pinwheels, she was to stay until near the end of the evening and see if she got lucky.
This.. did not feel like luck. She felt a slick fingertip press up against her asshole, and slip inside. She let out a little gasp and felt herself clench. He had most of his middle finger inside her and was feeling around.
"I told you I was thorough. You never know where people hide things these days..." he trailed off, and started moving his finger in and out of her ass, slowly. "I didn't think to bring personal lubricant with me this evening. This seemed the least I could do. Needs must, as they say." He pulled his finger out and walked over to the sink and turned on the water. He brought back a warm, damp hand towel and cleaned her up as well.
"So what did you hear, Camilla?" he asked, nonchalantly, not acknowledging that he'd just been two knuckles deep in her ass. Now he was spreading her lips, pulling her wider. She hadn't heard anything, so that's what she told him. He put two fingers in her pussy and started exploring, as before. He hadn't needed olive oil this time - she knew she was still wet. He curled his fingers toward the floor and an involuntary wave of pleasure emanated from inside her, like tossing a stone into a still pond. He removed his fingers, and she heard him lick them deliberately. "You're clean," he said. "Not hiding anything on your person at least. Anyway, we can come back to that later. I've got just the thing for you."
He stood her up. "You're not going to try to hit me again if I let your wrists go, right?" She shook her head no. "Good." He uncinched the cord and took it off her wrists. She brought her arms to her chest and covered herself with her bra while rubbing her wrists.
Walker smiled. "I'll be having that," he said, gesturing at her bra. Reluctantly, she let go, and was standing before him now, totally nude except for her shoes.
As Walker took a step toward her, Camilla had to bend her head back slightly to keep eye contact. He started again, leaning in, almost whispering in her ear, "So you came to the party, flirted a bit to see if you could overhear the ambassador, you struck out, and you left, is that right?" "Yes," she replied. She shivered a little. "Then what were you doing in the ambassador's office?" He whispered, playfully this time. "Fuck," she thought. Maybe it was the drug. Maybe it had been being stripped nude. Maybe it had been the spanking, or having his hand inside her. Camilla had forgotten that one of the first things he'd told her was that he'd seen her leaving the ambassador's office. "No, well, I.." He cut her off. "What did I say about lying to me?" He slapped one of her breasts, but not hard. "That you don't like it," she said quickly. She wasn't ready to be up over his knee again. "That I don't like it, exactly. And yet you're still lying to me." "No," she said, "I.. I forgot. Being here, like this, It's got me confused."
"Then let's see what we can do to clear your head and help you remember." He started looking around the room. "Stay right there." She started looking around too - trying to understand what he was looking for. His eyes stopped and he focused on... a handheld mixer? He went and got it, as well as another kitchen towel. "Under different circumstances, I'd find sugar and egg whites and make us a meringue," he said. He walked past her and plugged it into the wall, wrapped it tightly in the towel and turned it on. The mixer hummed dutifully, and Camilla took her shot. She bolted toward the door and grabbed his jacket off of the table--it would have to do. She heard the mixer clang as it was dropped on the counter and footsteps bounding behind her. She grabbed the door handle and started to pull when he caught her, wrapping his arms around her torso under her breasts in a bear hug, pinning her arms to her side. He lifted her off the ground and she kicked with her feet. "Let go of the door!" he barked at her, slightly out of breath. Camilla yelled in frustration. She tried to hold tight, but he squeezed tighter, lifted higher, and she lost her grip.
They almost fell to the floor, but Walker regained his balance. Still holding her up, as she struggled wildly, he brought her back to the table where she'd grabbed the jacket and pinned her waist against it. He let go of her torso and forced her down onto it, a powerful hand pressing flatly between her shoulder blades. Her feet were on the floor again and he kicked them apart so that she couldn't get any leverage. With his free hand he got one arm into the cord tie, then eventually the other, and he pulled it taut again. Camilla was strong, but he was simply stronger. He held her wrists to her back and stepped to the side so that his weight was no longer up against her and the table.
They were both still for several seconds, catching their breath. Camilla stifled a whimper, frustrated by the failed attempt at escape. "We're going to finish what we started," he said, and he grabbed her by the hair and wrists and pulled her up, roughly. Walker marched her back over to the counter and the mixer, holding her hair tightly. He leaned back against the counter, and pulled her weight back onto him, his left arm now reaching around her and grabbing her right breast. His right hand let go of her hair and grabbed the mixer. He brought it between her legs and pressed the body of the motor up against her, and turned it on.
She felt the vibrations immediately, and let out a little gasp. She tried to move her arms, but they were stuck between her body and his. Her hands were pressed up his crotch, and she felt his cock again. "This is the first setting," he said, "In a moment, I'm going to turn it all the way up, and we're going to see if your memory improves. You're not going to say a word until I tell you, or your panties are going back in your mouth. You aren't getting a free pass on that little stunt you just pulled, and I need a minute to think while your attitude improves. Is that clear?" She nodded. She didn't know what else to do. He clicked the mixer to its highest setting, and it hummed loudly through the cloth against her pussy. She tried to think of other things: baseball (too boring), the mission (couldn't focus on any details), the ambassador (that bought her some time). Camilla's breathing became faster and shallower as the mixer purred along. It felt a bit like the Stim-U-Lax one of the typists at Berlin had told her about. She'd smiled and nodded, and then ordered one by telephone as soon as she was home, an operation that felt at the time as clandestine as anything she was doing for the Company. It had provided her with more than one good night's sleep. Then her thoughts turned to Walker, who was groping her breast and playing with her nipple, moving the mixer slowly up and down and pressing it into her. His cock was getting harder, and she put her hand around it, almost absently. She felt it jump slightly as she did.
She worked with spies, wrote reports for senior officials, sat in meetings with the assistant chief, who sat in meetings with the President. Somehow, this man, Walker, whatever he actually did for a living, was more commanding with far less bluster. It felt too good. She started to stroke his cock through his pants. It felt like the rest of him. As frustrating as it was to be picked up, tossed around, treated like a toy, it turned her on. Her legs were starting to feel weak, her body gave a quiver here and there, and still the mixer hummed, and she was further encouraged by the man holding her. Pressed up against his body, she felt his warmth. She felt it from his cock, and she felt her own heat growing between her legs. She leaned back harder into him and moved her hands away so she could grind against him. She grabbed his shirt and held on, like she could pull him inside her if she wanted it badly enough. He responded by holding her tighter, squeezing her breast harder, moving the mixer against her a little faster. The dam broke, and a cascade of pleasure rose up from within her, and she fell into him. She came in his arms, and he held her up. After a few moments of feeling her shake, he turned the mixer off, set it on the counter, and he moved his empty hand to her pussy. He slipped his fingers between her again and then inside her, and gripped her firmly.
"If you have something to say to me, now's the time to say it," he whispered in her ear. "Why were you in the office?"
She was still breathing hard, still pressing up against him, still lost in her orgasm. "That was better than Marrakech," Camilla whispered after a few moments.
"Danger is apparently an aphrodisiac for one of us," Walker responded. "If they find out we know each other, you're going to a dark hole, and I'm going to end up in the Aare with a.32 ACP in the back of my head."
"Don't be ridiculous," she mused. "You're worth at least 9mm." A second later, "I thought you said you were going to make this look good? What are you waiting for?"
Walker rolled his eyes. "Okay then," he said, picking her up. "My turn."
Walker took her over to an island in the middle of the kitchen and set her down on the edge. It was warm in the kitchen, but the stainless steel imparted a welcome coolness to her ass. Camilla sat as Walker rummaged through a box on a shelf on the wall opposite her. He came back with a fold of cloth and a bottle of schnapps. The cloth had a modern pattern on it: burnt oranges and browns in repeating overlapping stripes on a white background. He unfolded it behind her on the island - it was a table runner. Walker took a large swig from the bottle. He picked her up again, brought her to the end of the table, and set her on the runner. Sateen? He stepped back and started unbuttoning his shirt.
"Why were you in the office, Camilla?" he asked. Four buttons down now. She could see a peek of his chest. Thick hair that had been trimmed short--a mix of brown, but the salt was new, like on his temples.
"You can let me go," she said, "you searched me--I don't have anything you want."
"You have answers," he said. His shirt was off, and he dropped it and the jacket on a different table, not bothering to fold them this time. He came back over and, putting one hand on each knee, spread her legs apart, and stepped in between them. Her nipples brushed his chest hair. Walker put his face next to Camilla's, one hand on the side of her head under her ear, gently holding her cheek to cheek. His other hand wandered up her ribs and under her breast. His thumb found her nipple and played with it idly.
"I want an explanation," he whispered in her ear. "But as far as the ambassador is concerned, I believe your story and decided to take you up on your offer."
"You have plenty that I want." He said, loudly.
She turned and glanced at the CCTV, then back at him, and gave him a withering, sarcastic look.
He took a half step back so her legs could close. "Slide your hands under your butt when I pick you up." He leaned behind her and loosened the ties on her wrists. He picked her up under the arms and Camilla slipped the cord under her hips. Her hands were still tied, but under her thighs now. She had to bend slightly, but the change in position made her shoulders feel better. She had some slack, but not enough to get it over her feet, especially not with heels.
He put one hand on her chest and the other cradling her head, and he pushed her over onto her back. Camilla made a little "Oop!" sound in surprise. Walker had a way of doing things both suddenly and gently that crept around her thoughts. Her legs were in the air, bent, her arms tied under her knees. She could have rolled to one side or the other with some concentration, but was otherwise at his mercy, as she had been for most of the evening.
"You tried to run. You're going to make it up to me." He said, not so much for her benefit as for anyone listening. He walked to the opposite end of the table and began pulling the runner, and Camilla, toward him. She could just see him if she craned her neck. He pulled until her head was perched on the edge of the table, and he leaned down over her. He gave her a little peck on the nose.
He stood back up out of sight and she heard him unbuttoning his belt and pulling a zipper down. A shuffle of fabric. She saw his arms on either side of her on the runner, and then her head was off the edge of the table.
Walker stroked his cock a few inches from her face. It did not take long before he was fully erect. Camilla felt her face begin to flush. She wasn't sure if it was from being upside down, or his Very. Large. Cock. "Oooookay," she thought to herself. She had the memory, but it didn't do him justice. He put his thumb on her chin, brushing her lower lip. "Open your mouth," he said, guiding her with his thumb. "Marrakech was nothing," he whispered.
Camilla opened her mouth.
"Call this a trust exercise," he said. "You're not going to do anything foolish like try to bite me, and I'm not going to hurt you. If you behave and you give me the answers I'm looking for, you can go." He slipped the head of his cock between her lips. She moved her tongue around him. "How does that sound?" he asked. She couldn't nod, so, mouth full, she made a "mhmm" sound. He pushed himself a little deeper into her mouth and she felt him take her breasts in both his hands. He squeezed them, then pushed them together, and then pulled them back up toward him. Camilla remembered how much he had liked her breasts. He had been so in control the whole evening, and now, as she sucked gently on him, she sensed it slipping.
She pushed her shoulder blades together so that her chest stuck out. Walker noticed her effort and massaged her breasts more gently as he began to move his hips. He was moving in short, smooth strokes, thrusting his cock into her mouth just a hair quicker than pulling back. He let out a long sigh, punctuated by a soft grunt. She swirled her tongue around the head of his cock, and under his breath, she got, "...fuuck.." in response. He played with her nipples and her body started responding more to his. They got hard and sensitive to his touch, she felt more flushed, and she started to ache softly between her legs. He pushed his cock in deeper, almost to the back of her mouth, and she held her breath. He held there, and took her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers and held them just firmly enough to lift them up.
She took a second deep breath, and before she could exhale, he'd put his cock back in her mouth, even deeper than before. Instead of being still, he was moving his hips again, flirting with her throat. He was pinching her nipples now, but not very hard. He stayed in for a few seconds, pulled out, let her take a breath, and then thrust in again. Each time, he went a little deeper, thrust a little more, and stayed a little longer. Each time, she took her breath a little faster. Four seconds. Breath. Then five. When he pulled out, he let her take several deep breaths, and she felt a little dizzy as fresh oxygen filled her lungs.
"Why were you in the office?" he asked her again, his cock resting just outside her mouth. She could touch it with her tongue if she wanted, she thought, or take the head of it in her mouth if she reached. He bent down, took a handful of her hair firmly, and kissed her. Plum schnapps. "Focus, Camilla," he said, making eye contact.
"I was looking for anything," she lied, "papers, notes... mmphf!" She finished her sentence with his cock in her mouth. He began his pattern again. "You weren't looking for papers," Walker said. "The papers were undisturbed." Camilla felt herself pulled into a liminal space. She felt neither frightened nor safe. Neither in control nor completely out of it. Restrained but not helpless. It was difficult to concentrate on anything except what was right in front of her, in her. She became less and less concerned about keeping the truth from him. The aching part of her wanted him to know that she'd succeeded, and she let out a little moan.
Walker pulled out and asked her, "Did you have something to say?" She shook her head no. "Then open your mouth," he replied, with a tinge of frustration in his voice. When he put his cock in this time, he didn't stop at the back of her mouth. He pushed past and into her throat. She squeezed her thumbs between her fists and swallowed around him to keep from gagging, but he was really big. He started thrusting as he grabbed her breasts again. He was playing with them, seemingly more for his own benefit than to elicit a particular response in her. He dropped his pattern completely. He still pulled out to let her take deep breaths, but it wasn't regular and predictable. He was using her. Camilla could only think about the way it felt to have Walker fucking her throat. It did not seem like he could think about anything else, either.
He was making more noise now and squeezing her breasts harder. She wasn't sure how much time had passed. Maybe two minutes, maybe three. He gave a couple hard, deep thrusts that made her eyes start to water, and then pulled out of her mouth. He didn't move back much--he was resting his glistening cock on her lips, but he leaned back and moved a hand down to her face and stroked her cheek.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I got a bit carried away." He walked around to the other side of the table and began pulling on the runner. Very slowly at first until her head was back up on the table, and then a firm jerk that brought her hips back to the other edge. He put the head of his cock between the lips of her pussy and worked it up and down gently. Walker looked like he was trying to decide something as he did. He brought his tip up to her clit and then slid his whole cock between her thighs. He put his right hand on the outside of her right knee and moved it to her left until her hips were sideways on the table. Her thighs were squeezing his cock now. Now that her legs were out of the way he looked her in the eyes.
"I'm going to level with you," he said. "You took something from the ambassador's office, but I have no idea what it is. He didn't tell me. He actually told me very little." The look in his eyes told her it was the truth. He really had no idea why she was here. He was moving between her thighs. Still very hard, she thought. "I'll back up. Anna had a friend with her on the plane that saw her get arrested. If her friend hadn't stopped to flirt with the pilot, she would have been picked up at the same time as Anna, and you likely would have gotten away with this whole thing. Her friend made some phone calls, and when you showed up tonight, as Anna, the BKA called me. Next thing you know, it's tuxedos and spiked cocktails and a beautiful woman over my knee." He smiled at her, his thoughts clearly turning to earlier activities. "Obviously you no longer have whatever you took, which means you probably already handed it off to another person, and the BKA didn't see you do it. It must have been when I was fixing your drink, or I would have seen. You've had an interesting mix of luck tonight."
"It must be important, or you likely would have told me already, but it can't be too important, or we'd be having this conversation in a basement with armed guards outside instead of a kitchen. My guess is it's something that the ambassador shouldn't have had in the first place, which is why he handed me a roll of Francs instead of a check. This piques my curiosity, because in my line of work, it never hurts to have something to hold over a high-ranking official. I'll make you a deal. Tell me what it is," he paused to rub her clit with his fingers. "And I give you the cock you're so clearly hungry for and then let you go. I'll tell them that Anna's friend made a mistake. She didn't know the Agency had a lookalike." He stressed the 'A' in Agency for her benefit. "You'll be free and clear and never have to worry about the Germans again." He looked her up and down. "Actually I'm going to fuck you either way, so just the first part is your call. Though you'll enjoy the second far more if you tell me."
Camilla did not find this a particularly difficult decision. She'd delayed long enough, she wanted him, and she knew if he hadn't blown her cover by now, he wasn't going to.
"Pinwheels for a Crypto AG CX-52 cipher." Walker stopped moving between her thighs and stroked his chin for a moment, tapping his index finger on his cheek. Camilla saw the wheels turning in his head as he was working everything out. "The ambassador was in Steinhausen last week..." he trailed off. "The CIA has someone inside Crypto AG," he said, half-statement, half-question. Camilla gave as much as a shrug as she could with her hands still bound. He smiled. "Very, very good." She didn't see the need to tell him that the CIA had the entire company, not just one employee. He'd figure it out, or she could tell him later just to see his reaction.
His attention turned back to her. Without saying anything, he took his cock from between her thighs and slid it between her lips. He lowered his eyes a bit and gave her a particularly smoky look. He took one of her wrists in his hand and put the other on her hip and pushed himself all the way inside her. A wave washed over her, pleasure erupted from between her thighs, pick a metaphor, she thought. His cock felt amazing. Camilla arched her back and closed her eyes, squeezing him tightly and concentrating on the feeling. She knew she'd won. Maybe he'd worn her down. Maybe he knew things he shouldn't. Maybe she was going to have a little trouble sitting down tomorrow. With any luck, he was about to make it harder for her to walk straight, she thought.
Walker started to thrust slowly. He made long strokes, pulling himself back until just the tip of his cock was in her--she could feel his ridge against her inner lips--and then pushing back inside. She was plenty wet before he'd started. She had liked his strong hands playing with her breasts. She liked that she'd had this effect on him. She liked the way he felt working inside her. He rolled her onto her back again and placed his hands on the back of her knees. He spread her apart as far as the bonds on her wrists would allow. Part of her wanted to do more. Camilla could see herself pushing Walker down on a couch, pulling her dress up, and straddling him as she had once before. He was in control now, but so could she be. The drugs he used had lowered her inhibitions dramatically, and he had been chipping away at them since. The other part of her was perfectly happy to lie back on a table while he fucked her. She compromised by squeezing around him each time he thrusted. She had read about pompoir and wanted to try it. He responded to her efforts by increasing his speed and grunting quietly with each stroke. She kept pace.
Her pleasure was rising as well. As it did, she grew bolder and wanted to see what his boundaries were. He had taken a risk by telling her the truth. He was about to cross his employer to let her go. She wondered if he was truly a mercenary or if there were some personal ethical code driving his choices. She tabled that thought. "I thought you said you were going to fuck me," Camilla teased. Walker stopped, surprised. He smiled, gave her a hard, deep thrust and said, "You know, you're absolutely right."
He moved quickly again, releasing her wrists from the cord and tossing it aside. He flipped her onto her stomach, and as her right foot gained purchase on the floor, he lifted her left leg up and set it on the table. He gave each of her ass cheeks a firm smack. She squirmed on the table and gave a little squeal. She heard him slide his pants down around his ankles, his belt buckle clinking on the tile floor. He squatted down behind her and buried his face in her pussy. He stroked his cock with his right hand as his left came up to play with her clit. He was licking her hungrily and teasing her with the tip of his nose. She hadn't crossed the line, she thought, but this was what one toe stepping on it was worth. She gripped a handful of table runner in front of her and let out small, satisfied moans.
He stood back up. "Better?" he asked. Camilla didn't answer and got a light slap on her pussy as encouragement. She jumped up onto her elbows in surprise. Walker put a hand between her shoulder blades and roughly forced her chest down to the table. He brushed the hair back from her face then grabbed her left wrist and held it behind her back. His left hand guided his cock back inside her and then went to her left ankle, bending her leg up on the table. He started again, harder than before. He was as much pulling her back onto his cock as he was thrusting himself. Now he was fucking her, she thought.
Walker was hitting an unfamiliar spot deep inside of her. Camilla managed an, "Oh fuck, yes, there!" before her thoughts melted away and all she could do was moan in pleasure in time with his thrusts. He settled into a steady rhythm to match her breathing and noises. Each thrust inched her closer and closer until, "Ahhhh, god, yes, fuuuck!" Her whole body was tensed up around him. He went as deep as he could into her and held there. Camilla felt a series of muscle contractions around his hard cock and then finally relaxation. She let out a happy moan and sighed, collapsing into the table. He started moving slowly again.
He let go of her wrist and stroked her back. "Good girl, Camilla," he said, for the second time that evening. A thought floated past her that he might have a thing that she could remember and use. She let it go. "When I tell you, I want you to get down from the table and to your knees in front of me. I want you to squeeze your breasts together and stick out your tongue for me. I'm going to come in your mouth, and you're going to swallow everything I give you. Is that clear?" Camilla could tell he was equal parts asking and telling, but he'd just given her a phenomenal orgasm. She felt inclined to reciprocate and replied, "Mmhmm. Yes, Walker."
She could tell he liked that because he started again immediately. Less rhythm, less control, just fucking. She was still sensitive from coming and it felt great. She went back to moaning in time with him. Walker was still holding onto her, but his hands were relaxing and squeezing. He grunted and gave little "Oh fuck"s here and there. He didn't last much more than a minute. "Okay," he said, pulling her from the table. She did as he had asked. Camilla knelt down in front of him, squeezed her breasts together and lifted, opened her mouth, stuck out her tongue, and looked up at him, expectantly.
His left hand moved to the top of her head and he loosely took a handful of hair. His right hand, holding his cock, which he set the tip of on her tongue. He stroked himself a few times, gripped her hair tighter, and came. She felt his ejaculate spill into her mouth. Thick and warm. Salty on her tongue. Walker grunted loudly as he finished in spurts. Camilla felt him relax and licked the tip of his cock as he did. He relaxed his grip on her hair and she swallowed the impressive mouthful he'd just delivered, keeping her eyes locked on him as she did. She saw something change in his expression. It softened considerably. She put the head of his cock in her mouth and sucked on him, moving her hands from her breasts. She squeezed his balls gently and grabbed his ass.
After a couple seconds, he took a half step back, overwhelmed. His cock hung between his legs, still very large, but no longer erect. Camilla licked her lips and waited. "That was," he was still breathing heavily, "everything I expected."
Walker pulled up his pants and zipped them, leaving the top button and belt undone. He walked over to the counter where he'd left her thong, then over to her bra and collected them. He offered a hand, which she took, and helped her to her feet. He gave Camilla her underwear back and she began to dress. He put on his shirt, buttoned it, tucked it again, and did up his pants and belt. Walker rolled his sleeves back down, replaced the cufflinks, and walked over to his jacket. Camilla stood by the island in her lingerie. He came back over, fishing for something in his jacket. He pulled out a clip of money, Francs. He reached into another pocket and pulled out a business card and slipped it into the clip. He slipped a finger under one of the straps of her bra and placed the money, clip, card, and all, next to her breast.
"For your dress, and your time, Camilla," he said, hinting at a smile. "I'll fetch you a coat."
Camilla imagined she could buy another dress or four with the fold he'd just given her. Walker left the kitchen through a side door and she heard some raised voices, including his, speaking German, but couldn't make out what was being said. A few moments later, he returned with a light tan trench coat. He held it up for her to don and she slipped one arm in after the other. He wrapped it around her and tied the waist strap himself. "Let's go," he said.
They walked out of the kitchen. He made a show of holding doors and guiding her by the waist as he walked her past staff in the hall. They reached the front doors. "We're very sorry for the confusion, Fraulein," he said. "The service didn't inform us you'd be replacing Anna." She gave a withering look to the guards who had stopped her earlier. They straightened up and looked away. Walker opened the door for her and walked her outside.
The air was crisp and cool. Invigorating. She felt the breeze by her legs underneath the coat. He took her past the gate to a waiting taxi. "The car will take you anywhere you like," he said, opening the door. Camilla climbed in. They exchanged a look, but no words. She turned to the driver. "The Savoy," she said. Walker closed the door and the taxi started down the road. Walker stood and watched for several seconds. In the rear mirror, Camilla saw him turn and disappear into the night. The embassy fell away and she knew she was free.
She reached into her coat and pulled the clip from her bra. She read the card. Walker's last name and a telephone number only. Camilla leaned back into her seat and closed her eyes as the taxi crossed the Aare and took her into the city center.