** You really need to have read the earlier chapters to fully enjoy this series **
Those first few weeks and months were such a roller-coaster ride for me. I mean, think about it. There I was, a nobody. Invisible, to all intents and purposes. Trudging through middle age lamenting my lost opportunities and a sexless marriage when, out of the blue, Mrs. Louise Jenkinson presents herself before me.
At first I thought I was being 'played' by Louise, who had a deserved reputation for being a manipulative bitch, however, once I knew how desperate her situation was, I broke every moral and professional rule in the book. Hell, if it ever got out I would probably get arrested for blackmail, which, basically, was what I was doing. Nevertheless, I continued to compound my sins by using Louise, finding the thrill of bending her to my will so very intoxicating.
Naturally, having such an exquisite woman as Louise as a channel for my sexual needs was a huge windfall and, even though I had been racked with guilt, I told myself it was no more than she deserved and wanted. Plus, I really had pulled out all the stops to dig her out of the financial quagmire she had put herself in. Not that that would be of any type of mitigation if this ever got out. I would be labeled the beast that I have become and she would probably be portrayed as some sort of innocent victim preyed upon by her soulless manager. Bitch!
I suppose that, even after the events at the porn shop and the hotel, .... Wow, what a day that had been (chapters 3 & 4) ..... I was always ready to cave in if Louise had dared to call my bluff, but, when I had met with her and her husband, Mark, I knew then that she deserved no pity and that it was my obligation to treat her as the slut she wanted to be. Now THAT was a day to remember.
On the day of that meeting I recall seeing her imperiously walking the Banking Hall, ensuring all was as it should be. I was so confused and nervous about meeting her and Mark that afternoon that I almost beckoned her over to call the whole thing off when, unexpectedly, I saw her lash into one of her staff for some unknown misdemeanor that sent a chill down my spine. I was actually more afraid NOT to go through with the financing deal!
Mind you, she did look good. Her new dress code had attracted all sorts of comments around the bank, and not all of them were derisory or insulting. I'm a leg man and Louise, a statuesque, 5 foot 7 inch, brunette, had the sort of shapely long legs that still give me wet dreams. Oh yes, now I had the unparalleled joy of coming to work every day and seeing that leggy beauty parade her wares for my enjoyment.... Actually, as it turned out, for the enjoyment of just about every testosterone laden man who visited the bank. On that particular day, and as confirmed by my earlier inspection, I knew she was wearing a black, lacey shelf bra, with matching garter belt which supported lace-top barely-there tan stockings. No panties – not allowed. Of course the public at large only saw her fitted, red satin, long-sleeved blouse, which, although covered by her black fitted blazer, was open enough to reveal a respectable amount of cleavage and which kept her nipples sufficiently aroused to suggestively and constantly press against the material. The best part of her ensemble however was the fitted black skirt that ended two inches above her knees and the cum-fuck-me 4 inch heel black patent pumps she wore. Just seeing her walk in those heels gave me an aching hard-on. It met the bank's dress code, but only just.
I had been so tempted to bend her over my desk earlier that day and fuck her sweet smelling shaved pussy after she had presented herself to me for inspection. She had stood there before me, silent, her eyes avoiding direct contact with my own, her moist, lip-stick coated lips slightly parted to emit short shallow breaths as I had slowly stalked around her before ordering her to lift the hem of her skirt. Without lifting her gaze she had obeyed and moaned when I sent an exploratory finger to part her obviously swollen pussy lips, parting them to reveal tell-tale moistness. My cock was so hard, my need so great, that I do not know how I resisted temptation.
I told her to look at me as I brought my intruding finger to my nose to drink in her scent and then lick her juice from my skin. Her eyes were wanton, lust filled, as another lusty moan escaped her lips. Then I congratulated her on her choice of attire before dismissing her – much to her obvious disappointment. As soon as she left my office I had collapsed into my chair.
Louise had insisted on an after-banking-hours appointment to avoid any unnecessary embarrassment or questions from her staff to which I duly agreed. The 5.30pm appointment also gave me time to double check the recording equipment in my office as I was hopeful of adding to my collection of "Louise porn" by fucking her before her husband arrived. My plans were scuppered, however, when Mark had arrived early to discuss a few things with Louise before the meeting.
When they finally sat down in my office the tension between them was apparent. I decided not to probe and just jump in. I had just started to make my presentation when Mark interjected. It was to be expected under normal circumstances, however, these were not normal circumstances. Mark began ranting how unfair it was that the bank was threatening to foreclose and how they deserved more time and blah, blah bloody blah. I had guessed that Louise had not mentioned our little 'arrangement' so was about to launch into my well rehearsed 'bad debtors' speech when...
Louise stood up from her chair opposite me and turned to her husband and screamed, "Shut up, Mark, just bloody well shut up! How dare you speak to Mr. Yearwood that way after all he has done for us. How much goddamn time do you need to find a job anyway?!"
Both Mark and I were stunned. She stood there, fists clenched, panting as she glared at her husband before continuing, in a gentler but nonetheless threatening tone, "I know you mean well, Babe, but we've run out of money and options. You've seen the numbers. This is a good deal and right now, if I had to, I would let Mr. Yearwood fuck me right here, over his desk if I thought it would save us. Do you understand?"
Not quite how I had planned things, but hey, I let her continue.
Mark simply sat there, the blood drained from his face, his lips trying, unsuccessfully to form coherent words. I sat and watched Mark have his remaining manhood stripped from his still warm corpse, watched as a husband lost any vestiges of authority he may have had and meekly, despite his obvious physical strength, turn to look to me for support.
As dead-pan as I could manage I looked Mark in the eyes and said, "She's right. What now?"
It was quite unsettling at first as Mark seemed almost catatonic for the remainder of the meeting. I presented him with papers that he merely signed without any real understanding before informing both of them that this financing package was solely reliant on Louise keeping her job at the bank at any cost. Without going into the sordid details, he was informed, and Louise confirmed, that she would be required to work long and odd hours from now on, including week-ends, and that he must do his part in running the household. He mutely nodded his agreement before signing the 'private personal services agreement' and being asked to wait outside my office.
Please don't think any worse of me when I say that I still fully expected this to blow up in my face. I imagined waking up tomorrow to hear of a murder-suicide report in the Jenkinson household and because of that I figured I should get one last fuck in before I let Louise go.
With Mark on the other side of my door I told Louise to take her blazer off and show me her tits as she got down to suck my cock. I hated Louise for what she had done to Mark whilst at the same time felt nothing but contempt for a man who had allowed himself to be so brow-beaten in public. It reminded me too much of my own relationship with Wendy and that made me mad.
Louise dropped to her knees and quickly released my raging hard-on from the confines of my pants. With practiced ease she cupped my balls in her one hand as she grabbed my shaft with the other and eagerly slid my throbbing member between her lips. Up and down her head bobbed, alternating, every now and then with a long luxurious licking of the shaft and cock head with her tongue. Damn, she was a good cock-sucker now and I felt my hips beginning to thrust forward, pushing my cock further into that wonderful mouth.
Her eyes fixed on mine as she worked the length of my cock and I thought how different she looked now compared to barely 5 minutes before. Her eyes seemed to implore me to recognize her efforts, and to let her know that all would be fine now. For whatever reason, Louise had submitted to me and I knew, knew beyond all reasonable doubt, that I now owned this woman and, once again, it both disgusted and excited me.
I grabbed a handful of her lustrous, wavy hair and unceremoniously pulled her up, off my cock. Then, pulling her close enough for me to whisper in her ear, I said, "Time to fuck you, slut."
Louise gave an appreciative moan as I bent her over my desk, hiked her skirt up around her waist and plunged my saliva coated cock deep and up into her welcoming wet cunt. She wriggled her ass as she parted her legs and assumed a more comfortable position as I fucked her doggy-style to her increasingly loud moans. I tried to maintain a steady, slow, deep thrust as it always seemed to make her cum quicker and, to be honest made it more pleasurable for me, however, her pussy just seemed to know how to send ripples of pure joy up and down the very length on my shaft with every thrust and the sight of her firm ass as I slapped up against it made me begin to lose what little control of myself that I had.
Louise began pushing back to meet my thrusts shouting, "Ye-essss, Mr. Yearwood, oooh yessss. Fuck me, Mr. Yearwood, harder, please!" Even though I knew my office was not sound proofed, I no longer cared that the sounds of flesh slapping together and Louise's slutty moans were probably being listened to by Mark and anyone else who happened to walk by at this hour. The sheer joy of watching my shaft sawing in and out of Louise's slick wet cunt was too much and I desperately needed to shoot my seed into this woman – damn the consequences.
I felt the tell tale signs of Louise's orgasm as her pussy seemed to squeeze and massage my shaft sending a deliriously wonderful tingle to the very end of my cock, which, in response began to swell making the pleasure all the more undeniable. I lost myself in the moment, my vision closing in, darkening as I felt sure my eyes were rolling back into my head until finally, blissfully, I felt myself cum deep inside Louise with wave after wave of thick creamy cum spurting and coating her insides. Incredibly satisfying, energy sapping thrusts took me over my peak even as I still felt Louise bucking in front of me and screaming her delight to her maker.
On shaking legs I stood back allowing my rapidly deflating cock to plop out of her pussy. My eyes were drawn in to the wonderful sight of her still parted legs as they met the still swollen lips of her now used pussy and the copious amounts of our co-mingled cum juices as they leaked out to drip onto my carpeted floor. Temporarily satiated and feeling inordinately calm, I leaned forward and kissed her right butt cheek before leaning over to tell a still panting Louise to go tell her husband to go home and wait for her there.
Remarkably, she simply stood up, slowly, pulled her skirt down somewhat, and went to the door. She made no effort to cover her breasts up nor assume any semblance of proprietary as she opened my door, muttered an exchange of words with Mark and then return to her seat in front of my desk. I handed her a tissue and told her to wipe herself before she stained my chair which she, rather unceremoniously, did. What a complete slut.
I thought for a moment before saying, "Go to the bathroom and fix your hair. Make yourself look presentable. We're going out to celebrate."
###
As we drove across the city I could not help but take appreciative glances at my ever so recently fucked co-worker. I do not understand why, but there is nothing quite as sexy as a woman who reeks of having been recently used. To the casual observer Louise was as demure and elegant as the moment she arrived for work this morning, but the hint of lace-top stocking protruding from the hem of her skirt as it rode up in the car seat next to me betrayed the slutty nature of the woman. Her shapely legs emerged to tantalize and excite me again as we neared our destination and the fulfillment of yet another seemingly depraved sexual need.
We left her handbag and blazer in the car and walked across the lot to the rather aged but surprisingly grand old building. In its day it had been a Town Hall, a church, and then a cinema, actually, it was still a cinema of sorts, except now it showed adult porn movies. I felt only the slightest resistance from Louise as I lead her to the concierge and purchased two tickets to the obvious delight of the old man in the ticket booth.
Make no mistake, Porn theatres are trashy, or at least all the ones I have ever seen have been. No glitz or glamour here. Nothing like your spick-and-span multi-plex theatres that show Hollywood's latest blockbusters. These places are strictly functional. Not filthy but you never get the feeling that they are 'clean', and, given the type of clientele they get, is that any wonder?
As usual there was some typical wham-bam trailer trash porno flick showing as we made our way down the aisle to the sparsely occupied theatre. You know the type, some air-headed teen bimbo gets talked into getting fucked by a bunch of guys riding around in a beat up van. Give me the old style, badly acted story-line movies any day – but I digress. If the seating capacity was 200 then there were barely a dozen people in there that I could see, all apparently male. I sat with Louise about two thirds down with me in the aisle seat and close enough to the screen to clearly illuminate us. I wanted everyone to know we were there.
Louise was wide-eyed in awe at what she saw on the screen as we approached our seats and seemed oblivious of the surroundings. As this was obviously her first time in such an establishment, I gave her a few minutes to 'enjoy' the movie before leaning across to kiss her ear lobe, which made her jump slightly, and whisper, "Don't panic. Just go along with whatever happens and I promise you will enjoy yourself."
She relaxed as I kissed her neck and slipped my right hand into her blouse, cupping her left breast. I gently massaged her breast all the while praising her for her beauty and sexiness whilst also keeping my eye on the other patrons. It was not long before Louise was aroused by my ministrations and what she saw going on on-screen. She began grinding her hips into her seat and emitting low appreciative moans.
It therefore came as no surprise to see several of the other patrons begin to move closer to where we were sat, eager to get a better view of the live action.
On-screen a rather trashy looking bleach blonde gave an unconvincing speech about how her mother would not approve of her showing her already well used pussy to a quartet of men she had apparently never met before. As lame as the movie may have seemed to me, it had captured Louise's attention better than the latest main-stream blockbuster. Sensing my stare, she glanced in my direction but was immediately captivated by something going on to my right.
I looked across the aisle to an elderly man, possibly in his mid-60's and fairly well dressed, who was blatantly staring across at us and openly masturbating in his seat. I leaned back into my seat to give Louise a better view, withdrawing my hand from her breast to drop it down to her lap where I quickly pulled up the hem of her skirt to reveal her stocking tops for all to see. Her eyes darted, briefly, to mine before observing the show across the aisle. I quickly slipped a finger into her already slick cunt and she gave an appreciative moan.
It quickly became apparent that Louise was becoming the centre of attraction in the theatre as I noted how the other patrons had all moved from their original seats and were now gravitating towards where we were sat. The boldest of them to date, who I decided to call 'Bob' because from the moment I saw him all he seemed to do was vigorously nod his head up and down in obvious appreciation for the luck he had been dealt with this day, was a gentleman, off to Louise's left, who seemed not too dissimilar to myself in age and demeanor. Sure he was balding and had an obvious paunch, but he looked clean so when I indicated for him to come closer he did so with admirable speed and dexterity.
Bob sat to the left of Louise and, after first checking with me, slipped his left hand into Louise's blouse as he rubbed his crotch with his right hand. Louise barely flinched as she must have assumed that it was I who had resumed fondling her breasts despite the fact that I was still fingering her pussy. I couldn't help but smile to myself and decided to up the tempo.
By now Louise was moaning aloud as she ground herself onto my fingers and ran her right hand up and down my thighs. When I leaned in to kiss her she hungrily reciprocated without once taking her eyes of the elderly patron masturbating for her viewing pleasure. I told her to lift her legs up onto the seat in front of her and she willingly complied, her lust now controlling her sense of morals. As her legs came up onto the back of the seat she slid down slightly which spoiled her viewing pleasure and also caused her to finally take notice of Bob.
Her eyes betrayed her panic and confusion so I quickly removed my hand from her pussy and pressed down on her chest to keep her in place as a rather nervous Bob withdrew his hand. "It's okay, stay calm," I said. "Relax and enjoy. This is Bob and I have invited him and some of my friends to meet you, so, don't be rude."
Louise's eyes were locked onto my own but I felt her relax under my hand. She still looked nervous, however, there was a deep lustfulness in her eyes as I slipped my hand back down, over her firm stomach, over her bunched up skirt and onto her exposed and open pussy. I began rubbing up and down her parted wet pussy lips satisfied that she would not resist any further. Her shapely legs spread even more, the stiletto heels of her shoes digging into the back of the seat in front of her. Her eyes turned to fix her lustful gaze, once more, on the action being played out on-screen as our budding starlet was hungrily devouring an incredibly thick cock in her mouth as she was being reamed doggy style by a muscle-bound oaf.
A still startled and somewhat perplexed Bob settled into watching Louise resume her grinding action and soon took his cock out to begin openly masturbating. Two more patrons, who I'll call the twins simply because there were two of them, had moved up to the seats immediately behind ours and another, let's call him Dick, was directly in front of us lustily staring between Louise's legs. I smiled at the scenario as it was evolving before remembering our friend across the aisle.
I looked across. Too bad, he had disappeared.
As I focused back on Louise I saw that she was incredibly torn by developments. Her eyes darted left and right as her chest heaved up and down, panting and moaning at the attention she was now receiving. Dick was leaning over the seat to seize the opportunity to run one hand up and down her stocking clad legs as he obviously furiously masturbated, whilst the twins had reached over to pull open her blouse to fully expose her firm breasts which they pawed and groped at hungrily. No doubt the twins were also feverishly pulling on their cocks, however, only Bob, on the seat next to Louise, provided a clear view of his actions. Louise looked down at Bob's throbbing member, her lips seductively parted. She made no attempt to resist the attentions of these complete strangers and I felt no inclination to stop them.
"Touch his cock Louise," I said, "Jerk him off." She glanced up at me before tentatively reaching out for Bob and as she did so I extricated myself from my seat, stood up, took a step backward to enjoy the show.
It was an incredibly erotic sight watching these men fondling Louise. The twins each squeezed, pulled and tweeked her breasts keeping her nipples delightfully aroused and erect as she began to slowly masturbate an incredulous Bob. Totally engrossed by what she was doing she probably never noticed that I had decided to record her depravity for posterity, albeit in a very poor light on a barely adequate phone camera. I didn't care because I knew the detail would be sufficient for my purposes and provide ample detail when reviewing the footage in the privacy of my own home for many nights to come.
Seeing my now vacant seat, Dick scurried around, cock in hand, to kneel beside Louise. He deftly raised her shapely right leg up over his head before positioning himself, in a rather cramped fashion, between her legs. Incredibly, he dove, mouth first, into Louise's gaping wet cunt that had so recently been filled with my cum, and began eating her out. Louise howled her absolute pleasure at this development with a guttural "OOO-OOOH, YE-ESSSSSS!" and grabbed Dick by the back of his head with her free hand before humping her hips up off her seat.
One of the twins was now leaning completely over Louise trying to get his mouth over her right nipple, the other twin was ravaging her neck and ear with his mouth. Louise now had her head thrown back, humping Dick's face as she pulled up and down on Bob's cock. Bob for his part had reached the limit of his endurance despite some obvious efforts to prolong his pleasure. His head was lolling about, eyes rolled back and delirious moans of pleasure pouring from his open mouth as his own pelvis thrust desperately up from his seat to meet Louise's ministrations.
Louise must have sensed or felt that Bob was close because she lifted her head to stare down at Bob's cock just moments before he came, grunting and thrusting his member in her clenched hand and spewing copious amounts of thick, creamy cum four or five inches up into the air. The globs of cum splattered around the immediate area falling down onto Bob's lap, the arm rest and in steamy, hot runny streaks down Louise's hand. It was just the trigger to send Louise over the edge as she could no longer contain all of the incredibly intense sensations caused by her molestation by those men. She bucked and squealed her obvious passion to the delight of her newest admirers and she squashed and rubbed her clit hard on Dick's face gushing her cum juices all over his welcoming face.
The twins were not far behind as they witnessed this unexpected treat of such a gorgeous wanton slut in their midst as they each stood up behind her, releasing her abused breast, and furiously pulled on their respective cocks crying an indecipherable "Gaa-aaaahh!" as they each unloaded their wads of cum from behind with streams of their hot sticky mess shooting above her, over her shoulders, in her hair, with some landing on her exposed chest and even some in the hair of the hapless Dick.
As if this moment could not get any better I was caught unawares when Dick stood up from his knelt position and, with his cock as hard as when I first saw it, lean forward to deftly slip his hard-on into the slick gaping hole that was Loiuse's cunt. It happened too fast for me to react and by the time I realized what had happened I resolved to let things play their course.
Louise had just peaked from what had been an intense orgasm and had not been expecting Dick to fuck her in the theatre. At first alarmed, she had placed her hands up against Dick's chest in a vain attempt to prevent what had already happened. Being eaten out in public in a cinema had been amazing, but it was not as fulfilling as the feel of a hard cock inside her which is why she was almost powerless to prevent Dick from his rapid fucking of her pussy. Her restraining hands quickly moved her hands from his chest and wrapped them around his neck as she tried to increase the penetration of this strange cock by lifting herself up into his groin. She pulled up with her arms and lifted her hips up by pressing against the seat in front of her with her feet to get the deepest penetration she could, enjoying the feeling of this rampant, anonymous fuck. She goaded Dick on, begging him to fuck her harder, begging him to fill her pussy up with his cum.
She was completely depraved and absolutely wonderful. It made the scenes playing out on-screen seem pathetic by comparison.
Dick was oblivious to his surroundings as he plowed into Louise, desperate to empty his balls into this stunning woman and, as he drank in the full scene of this cum coated woman's heaving chest, with the feel of her stocking clad legs wrapped around him, he let go with the full force of a man who had not been laid in weeks. Thrust after deep, powerful thrust he buried his cock and copious seed deep within the womb of this anonymous slut. His thrusts became less intense as the energy sapped from his body and he found himself unable to support a woman who was pleading for him not to stop. His legs gave way as he collapsed forward onto a still massively aroused Louise who was still pushing up from her seat trying to coax more from his rapidly deflating cock. Dick was spent, incredibly satiated and was only now beginning to realize what he had done.
One after the other Louise's admirers pulled themselves together before looking around panic-stricken, each afraid of the possible consequences of what each had done. First Bob, then the Twins and finally Dick all stuffed their cocks away and literally fled the cinema without even inquiring as to the identity of the still heaving, cum soaked woman they had just used. A passing glance in my direction was all the acknowledgement I got as they departed, never to be seen again.
Louise looked up at me, he face now tortured with angst. She looked around, peering into the dark and seeing the shadows of the more discrete patrons before sitting upright and, plaintively crying, "What have you done to me? Why?" Sobbing she buried her face in her hands.
I stepped toward my distraught co-worker still buzzing from what had happened and incredibly turned on. My cock tented in my pants and ached to be free to fuck this woman, however, I was in control enough not to risk fucking that pussy just yet. I looked down at her for a few seconds without any feelings of remorse or pity, just a growing need to be satiated.
"Louise." Upon hearing me speak, and still sobbing, she slowly looked up from her hands. "Louise, I have merely helped you be the slut you have always wanted to be, so stop acting like some innocent victim and stop whining. You've made my cock extremely hard but there's no way I'm putting it in that dirty cunt of yours, so get sucking." I unzipped my pants and she slowly, tentatively, reached for my cock.
"Suck it now."
Louise's still luscious lips parted and she began licking my throbbing knob before engulfing me with her mouth. She certainly could suck cock and, to her credit, she did a fine job of taking as much of me down her throat as she massaged my balls. It felt wonderful, but it was not what I wanted. I wanted to fuck her..... hard. I wanted to feel her pussy clamping on my shaft as I buried it deep into her womb. I wanted more than the pleasurable sensation of her sucking on my cock, I wanted to use her.
Incredibly, I found myself checking my watch before scanning the rest of the theatre. I needed to be out off her soon, but also desperately needed a release. I grabbed her by her hair, feel the damp, sticky globs of what I knew to be cum on my fingers, and pulled up off my cock. I spun her round and bent her over her seat and lined my cock up with her twitching sphincter.
"P...p...please, Mr Y..year...w..wwoood. N...n...not here." She knew what was coming but, despite her feeble protests made no attempt to stop me.
With the faintest of lubrication provided by her own saliva still drying on my cock, I took a firm grip of her slender waist and rammed my cock past that tight anal muscle and deep into her arse. It was crude, insensitive and absolutely fantastic. She whined but did not scream as I effectively dry fucked her arse. The friction added to my enjoyment as her tight dry hole pulled the skin on my cock all the way back on every stroke giving me just what I was looking for..... an express train to my own orgasm. Taking and using her this way, after all she had been through, merely added to the thrill of the evening. Through the mists of my own enjoyment I began to hear Louise's moans and realized that, despite everything, she was getting off. I turned my attention back to her.
"Oh, you bastard, I can't believe what you're doing to me. Oh...ye...essss, you bastard." She was lost in her own world, frantically rubbing her clit with her right hand as she maintained her balance with a firm grip on the back of the seat as I plowed into her arse. This was perfect and was just that little bit extra I needed to cum.
"Oh, you fucking slut, Louise," I said as I raced for my peak, pounding her arse, thighs slapping again firm buttocks. "You're mine now you slut, aren't you?"
"Oh yes, Mr. Yearwood, YES! Fuck my dirty arse. Fuck it, please." And as I felt my cock release and pour its seed deep into her arse I felt Louise orgasm. Felt her buck beneath my thrusts and the rapid contractions of the muscles around her arse milked me dry. I felt the tension drain from my body as the pace of my thrusts slowed and, ever so briefly, I became aware of my surroundings and a burning need to get out of that cinema.
Satiated, I unceremoniously withdrew from Louise, wiping my cock on the inside of her crumpled skirt, and quickly put myself together. Louise had raised her legs up onto her seat and remained slumped, in a kneeling position over the back of the seat. She looked a wreck, even in the poor light of the cinema. I gingerly grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it down so as to cover her exposed arse and then gave her a gentle slap on her right buttock before telling her to get up and follow me to the car.
Once in the car I drove her home and deposited her bedraggled form on her doorstep. I was in no mood nor condition to face her husband and simply told her not to be late for work the next day. She managed to grunt her acquiescence before staggering through her door.
I went to sleep that night a happy contented man. All nagging doubts had vanished with the realization that I now owned Louise and that, no matter how things played out from this point, she would do ANYTHING that I needed or asked of her. I wondered, how many more like Louise are there at the bank?