Christine awoke the next day at 1pm, sleeping half a day. She checked her phone and had several messages. There was one 'Thank you for the great night' message, and a 'See you again soon' message. She made breakfast and tried to come back to reality. While going about her day, she decided to catch up on some work. She grabbed her work phone to check emails. She answered a few messages and sent some. She had one from Dr. Piston.
She opened it and was shocked. It read:
Christine,
You did well yesterday. But I have a confession to make. 2 members saw your picture at the bar the day you did your club streaking. I found out after I got your email when I heard them talking about it in the locker room. I told them not to talk about it to anyone, as I was working on a plan.
We planned the bachelor party. I promised them that I could get you to blow them if they didn't tell anyone about this. They agreed but told me I would also have to tell everyone else attending. So every guest at the party knew you were the stripper.
As far as I know, your staff didn't know.
Congratulations on satisfying them. They promised not to tell anyone else, but they were talking and there will be future parties. You won't need a disguise next time, but that is up to you.
Also, having a party tomorrow night at Ted's house after the club closes. You will be the entertainer. Will text you the address.
-Dr. Piston
Christine was dumbstruck. Everyone knew it was her. She blew multiple guys and they knew it was her but played it off like they didn't. Her heart sunk. She felt so sick. How could he let her walk into the event without telling her. She was so mad. Sure couldn't believe he set her up like that. She was so embarrassed. All those people saw her act like a whore. She was so.. turned on. Why did she like it? She couldn't believe it. And why was she preparing to do it again.
She went to work the next day and stayed in her office, avoiding everyone. Besides her staff, she didn't talk to anyone. She couldn't even look John in the eyes, knowing that she let him cock slap her in the face and sucked him off into he came on her. It was a slow day so she let her staff go early, once the golfers left. She locked the doors early and stayed to clean up. She walked past the party room and had flashbacks. She walked through it remembering how she exposed herself. She walked to the back room and could see herself sucking John's cock.
She finished cleaning up and went back to her office. She pulled her maid outfit out of her duffel bag like Dr. Piston asked. She stripped down and dressed in the slutty clothes. She saw her mask and wig in the bag and contemplated putting them on. Something inside her told her not to though. She didn't know why but felt the urge to show Dr. Piston she was up for the challenge. She was going to show up to Ted's house dressed in the same stripper clothes, but as herself, since they all knew anyway.
She made sure the coast was clear before leaving the club and running to her car. She drive straight to Ted's house and texted Dr. Piston that she was there. The plan is that he would let her know when to come in. She would come in, start dancing. They agreed that after stripping, she would suck everyone's dick.
What seemed like an eternity of waiting was interrupted with a ding of a text. She expected it to be them, but she didn't recognize the number. She opened it and read it.
Hi, it's John from the Golf Club. I was the one working and.. you know.. from the back room. My friend is getting married in 3 months and I wanted to see if you would come to the bachelor party. I know you said you would work again, and Dr. Piston said that you were serious, so I hope you can come and do your thing. We can be flexible with a couple of dates if that helps.
Reading this text brought back all of the humiliation of sucking her employees cock. She was tempted to ignore it but she did promise to work if called and the tidbit about Dr. Piston made it feel like he has something to do with it. And if he does have something to do with it, then declining will not be in her best interest. Christine swallowed her pride and replied that she believes they can work out an arrangement.
Shortly after, she got another text, this time from Dr. Piston. It said that they are ready and to come in ready to perform. She hesitated, but built the courage to go in. She regretted not coming dressed in disguise so that she can pretend to be sometime else, but this way is just easier, not having to worry about keeping the wig on or wearing an uncomfortable mask.
She gave the knock at the door and heard the music start. She barged in and started dancing. She did all of the familiar moves, shaking her ass, grinding, and bending over. She wasted no time in stripping and exposing her tits. She reveled in the dropped jaws and bulging eyes. She felt sexy that she could cause that reaction. She continues dancing while watching the guys whisper to each other all the while their eyes glued to her. After the first song, tits already exposed, she goes around taking turns straddling each of them, grinding on them. She is basically giving a song length lap dance to each person in front of everyone. When she reaches Ted she drops her thong, now pressing her bare pussy into his crotch. She leans in and whispers in his ear, "I can't wait to feel that thing inside me again."
When she gets to Dr. Piston, she rubs his face in her tits. Then, while caressing his dick, she whispers to him "Thanks for releasing this side of me. It feels good to be myself."
He smiles and tells her to turn around. While she is grinding her ass on him, he whispers back to her, "Time for your adventure. I have the slideshow of all of your pictures loaded and ready to go. If I turn on the TV and press play, it will start playing. So if you don't want them to see everything, you are going to continue with everything as planned. Also, I'm impressed that you came without your disguise. Now for the twist. I lied. They didn't know."
Christine pauses. She looks around and figures out why they all look shocked. They didn't know that she was the stripper. She just outed herself. She just confessed to Ted that she was the girl he fucked in the car. She goes red. Dr. Piston continues, "Keep going. Tonight will continue as planned.
Christine turned around again to hide her embarrassment. Facing Dr. Piston, she replies, "I can't. How could you do this? You lied to me. I was safe and unknown. They didn't know it was me and you just told everyone about me. I'm done here."
Before she could get up, he responded, "First off, I didn't tell anyone, you exposed yourself. I told you that you could come dressed up. Second, you always wanted to be pushed and I know you wanted people to find out about you. Well now they know. Like you said, now you can be yourself. And third, you are still safe, you just have more people who know your secret. These people are very good at keeping secrets, with the right incentive. But the song is over. You should probably move to the next person and continue dancing."
Christine was frozen. How could she dance naked on guys knowing that she just revealed herself as the stripper, as the girl sucking sucks in the back room, as a girl willing to continuously dance naked at any party. But she knew she had to. With shaky knees she got off of Dr. Piston and moved to the next guy. She starts off dancing lazily but when the guy tells her to 'shake that ass' it sparks a fire inside of her and she gives it more energy. She can feel his bulge rubbing against her ass and it's messing with her head. She completely humiliated and yet she's turned on. When this doing finishes, she moves to the last guy, Frank. She does her routine, then grabs her clothes and heads to the bathroom to compose herself.
In the bathroom she has an inner dialogue. She wants to leave but doesn't want the video to show. She calls herself by saying they all know now so leaving wouldn't even help. She can't undo revealing herself. She knows she agreed to be the center of a bukkake today but it's struggling to go through with it. She is mentally split on staying or leaving but her dripping pussy is screaming to her to stay. She decides to stay and see this through. They already know and she had a great time last time, so why not.
She comes back out and does another dance, stripping down completely on the first song. She gets a lot more lewd in the second song, humping the air, spreading her legs, and even touching herself. By the third song, her horny instincts takes over and she feels like her stripper character again. She is crawling around, grabbing bulges and touching herself. After this doing she again freshens up in the bathroom, this time not redressing.
The guys are going wild telling her they had no idea she was like this and how hot she is. They all make some sort of bargain asking the lines of keeping her secret of they can fuck her/finger her/get sucked off/cum on her. Their direct words and degrading comments are driving Christine wild. She doesn't know what came over her but she tells the group that she will play out one fantasy for each of them.
By the end of this, she has agreed to fuck guys on her office, suck a dick on the golf course, and even to agree to be tied up naked in the men's locker room. This last one came from Ted and sparked a fire. After hearing that, she immediately dropped to her knees and pulled Ted's pants down. She grabbed his cock swallowed it right there in front of everyone. The guys looked around at each other and all agreed to join in. She saw them all drop their pants and stand around her. She jumped from cock to cock, trying her best to satisfy everyone.
The guys words grew more and more degrading. They called her whore, slut, and worse. They treated her like property and it only made her hornier. When one guy told her he bet she wished she was in the middle of the gulf club blowing every member, she could only agree. She pulled a cock out of her mouth to tell him he has no idea. What else are you willing to do? What else have you done? They ask while she continued to jerk and suck. She admitted that she streaked around the club during open hours and that she has secretly been naked around them without them knowing.
This prompted more questions and degrading names. The attention she was getting revealing her secrets was doing a number on her. She wasn't herself, she was powerful and free. She stopped and said she had a surprise for them. She asked Dr. Piston to play the video. "Are you sure?" he asked. She nodded. He turned on the TV and hit play. Immediately a slideshow of Christine in all sorts of compromising positions started playing. The guys were floored seeing pictures of her naked at the club, fucking herself with dildos, both in her pussy and ass. They saw her in bondage and degrading words written on her. This set them over the edge. One after another they came on her, some in her mouth, some on her face.
She was covered in cum, kneeling in the middle of a group of guys from the club. Still horny, she told them she promised she would fulfill their fantasies when they wanted. She went to clean up but they stopped her, telling her she should hang out like she is, naked and cum soaked. While all the guys redressed, she stayed how she was. They hung out drinking and playing games, all the while her video playing on loop on the background. The guys asked how she got into this and what prompted her and she described the feeling of being in a predicament that you can't go back on.
They all asked if they could help, which she drunkenly agreed on. She realized this was her life now, and she was both nervous and excited. Throughout the night, she fucked several of the guys in a bedroom and now had fun dripping from her holes. She was a mess. As the night wound down, she asked if she could clean up now.
Ted stopped her and said he wanted to try an adventure on her. She said it was late and she wanted to get home, but he persisted. She finally agreed. He told her that the golf club was only 3 miles from here. He told her to walk to the club and sleep there. He told her to sleep in the men's locker room and that he would drop off clothes tomorrow. The group egged her on. She caved to this pressure and agreed. She put all of her stuff in the car and they said they would drop the car off at the club. They walked her outside and gave her directions. She nervously set off. It was the middle of the night so the streets were empty, thankfully.
Deep into the journey, she had to pass through a business area. The businesses were all closed, but it was still scarier since the buildings were right up to the sidewalk and there were no trees. She set down the path and movement in a window caused her to panic. She realized it was her own reflection, though. However, catching her own reflection made her nervous. She could see the dried cum caked on her face and globs in her hair. There were streaks down her tits and running down her thighs. She looked like a whore.
She continued on and saw the club ahead, without running into anybody. She approached the club and entered the code to disarm and unlock doors. After entering, she paraded around the club, enjoying the feeling. She walked to every room. Finally she headed to the men's locker room. She wanted to be discreet so she headed to the steam room to sleep. She set up a bench with towels for comfort. She laid back and easily and quickly feel asleep.
The next morning she woke up to the sounds of slamming lockers. She jumped up startled. She peeked out and saw 2 members, neither of whom aware of her lifestyle. She checked her phone for the time, but it was dead. No wonder her alarm didn't go off. Also, it must mean that John opened up and is working.
She waited until the golfers headed out, then popped out. She ran to the door and peeked out into the main area, seeing John at the desk. She thought quick and realized that there was a phone in the men's lounge. She called John and thanked him for opening up. She asked if he could check on the first hole tee box, starting she heard that there was a bad divot there. She ran back and watched him get up and leave. Without hesitation, she dropped her towel and sprinted across the main room, to her office. She ran in and shut the door. She didn't know what to do about clothes. She was now naked in her office, still covered in cum, without anything to cover up.
She put her phone on the charger and waited. When it turned in, she had several messages. The were messages from John asking if she was ok, letting her know that he is opening up. Then she saw a message from Ted. He said that there would be clothes for her in locker 225 at 10 am. That was 1.5 hours away. She waited in her office cautiously and quietly, trying not to tip anyone off that she was in. When 10 am came, she called John again asking him to open the bar early. She waited and then opened her door. Luckily, he was gone. Seeing nobody around, she ran back to the locker room and peeked in. She heard the showers, but saw nobody.
She ran to locker 225 and grabbed the bag in there. She unpacked and saw a very small skirt and tight shirt. 'Of course', she thought, cursing herself for not thinking this plan through. Why was she so agreeable. There was also no underwear so she'd have to be careful to not expose herself. She quickly dressed and popped out of the locker room as she heard the showers turn off. John was walking back to the desk as she passed him. She said good morning and thanked him for opening, all while keeping her distance, knowing she hasn't washed up yet. She said she had a call to hop on, then made a beeline for her office.
She was thinking how she was going to wash up, when she pushed herself not to. She decided to continue this adventure and would keep the cum on her for 24 hours. She made it back to her phone and thanked Ted for the clothes, but couldn't he pick a bigger size? Ted responded what's wrong with them? She started to describe, but decided to send a pic instead. The pic showed her nipples looking through the shirt and showed her shirt barely covering her pussy. You could see the cum reflecting light.
Ted responded 'What a pretty whore. I'm on the 4th hole and I'm alone. It's pretty empty. How about a quickie?'
Christine was compelled so she agreed. She snuck out pretending to be on the phone to be left alone. She walked the course and meet up with Ted. She told him to get in the cart. He drove by the tree line and looking around, there was nobody in sight. She pulled out his dick and sucked him off right there, swallowing his cum. He thanked her and reminded her that he still wants to tie her up in the club. Shit, she forgot about that. She said she remembered but she had to get back to work.
The rest of the day she was careful to not expose herself. Late in the day Dr. Piston stopped by in her office. He asked how she was doing, all the while admiring her attire. He said it suited her. He also joked that she should do her makeup like this more often.
He told her she would be getting a call from John soon and that she should agree to everything. After a couple of minutes, her phone rang. It was John. He scheduled a date and she agreed. He asked if she would be doing the extra stuff and Christine had to say yes. Excitedly, John asked if she would be willing to go all the way. Again, she reluctantly agreed. They agreed on a price and hung up. She just agreed to fuck John and all of his friends at a bachelor party.
Before leaving, Dr. Piston let Christine know that 2 of her other staff would be there as guests, and Jess and Meghan would be bartending. He told her to have fun and left.
Christine got through the rest of the day without incident. She stayed late after closing and caught herself in the mirror. 'What am I,' she thought.
This is her life now:
- controlled by a group of members who want to push her into increasingly humiliating scenarios
- pushing herself even further to humiliate herself
- booking parties to strip and fuck people
- risking her job just to get a thrill
She thought how she got here and couldn't be happier. She's never felt more free. She actually started looking forward to being used and abused by the people that work for her. She was looking forward to being tied up naked at work. And she loved that a group of people knew her deepest secret and were willing to exploit it. That email sending was the best thing that happened to her and she couldn't wait to push her boundaries again. She brought herself to orgasm right there in the middle of the main room. It was time to head home and accept who she has become.