First Story! Excited for some feedback.
*****
The past week I have been teasing you, whispering dirty things into your ear, telling you that I have something planned for the weekend.
Whenever I get hard at all throughout the day, I make an effort to walk past you and press it into you, letting you feel how hard I am for you.
We have been having sex throughout the week but every time we do I stop just as you are about to cum from me licking your clit then push you back, and slapping you if you try to object. I then go crazy and fuck you so hard till my muscles give out, leaving you raw and wanting more on the bed.
By the time it has hit Saturday, it has been on your mind non-stop, your pussy aches and it is all you can think about. I tell you to put on your black lingerie set, with the garter and leggings and to wear that sexy red skirt of yours to suit the lingerie. You wear a white top with the skirt and once you have finished getting ready you look absolutely stunning.
So stunning that I cant help undoing me jeans and ordering you to give me head for a few minutes. I can feel how eager you are for tonight on how well you are going down on me, gagging and just being so slutty just for me.
I get dressed again and we walk to the station, I have dressed up really nicely and we look like such a hot and sexy couple. You have no idea where we are going in the city. As we reach the top of the street before the station, I pull you around and kiss you. I then slowly peel off your panties, despite your objection, and put them in my pocket. You look at me puzzled; I tell you that as long as I have your panties tonight, you must obey what I say to the T and nothing less.
We get off the train and walk across the river and towards the crown promenade, we are walking along, it is such a nice night and I start reminding you of how good the night was last time we came here.
We sit on a bench for a little bit, you are a tad delirious from all the teasing and your hands are shaking. I take the opportunity to rub your pussy and feel how wet you are. Your hips move forward to meet my hands eagerly, not concerned at all that we are in a public place. I pull my hand away and kiss you, and then I whisper in your ear that you are going to hate me in a second.
You realize that I have rubbed some of the orgasm balm onto your pussy and now your clit is tingling, aching even more for attention. What is worse, I have walked off, and am beckoning you over, as the waiter for the seafood restaurant wants to seat us.
You slowly hobble your way over and we sit down. You order a really nice wine and the same with my scotch. You order oysters for entrée and lobster for dinner, I pass on the oysters but get a really nice snapper from the bay. The oysters are really not helping your situation at all.
I pass you a little note that you have to start playing with yourself under the table until you are just about to cum. You start moaning very quietly, the look on your face is making me laugh as you are trying so hard not to cum. I bring the waiter over and you give me such a death stare.
You pop to the toilet to recollect yourself and I have a word with the bartender and get another drink for you. We finish off our meals with a sticky date pudding (yours) and a cheesecake (mine). We decide to have a shot of jaeger before we go; we leave and start walking towards flinders. All this walking in your skirt with no panties is rubbing and turning you on, knowing you are so bare under the skirt, also that if you bend over the wrong way, either someone could see or your skirt could pop open.
It is all so naughty and making you feel wanted, with so many eyes on you at all times. Especially mine, undressing you the whole night. We walk up to the Shebeen band room but as we do you just keep getting hornier and hornier. You cannot explain it; you think it was just the oysters.
I can see that you are having this debate with yourself so I clear it up and let you know that I slipped the remainder of the sex opium into your jaeger shot. The tingling and euphoric feeling is slowly taking you over. By the time we get to the band room I have to fight you to not fuck me here on the street.
You tell me off for doing it but you can't change it now, and you definitely aren't complaining with how good you feel right now. We get inside, and have a few drinks as the opening acts are playing. You feel how hard I am and are surprised. You turn around, giving me a questioning look.
I took the Viagra, and in response to that, you moan and grind back against me, feeling how hard I am pressing into you. We dance for a little bit till I whisper in your ear that I have to pop out of the band room for a couple minutes and to trust me.
I tell you to flirt round and have some fun. You are hesitant at first but eventually start talking to some guys, they are playing pickup lines, some cheesy, some witty, which you obviously see through, but it is nice to be showered in compliments and that exhilarating thrill of the chase.
You find a guy, tall, handsome, around 25 years old and start dancing with him, grinding back against him. You can feel how hard he is and combined with how horny you are it is like a trigger, and you just start dancing so sultrily.
So many eyes are on you and this guy now, impressed with how you guys are moving on the dance floor. I had already returned by now and have been dancing and watching you from the back of the room. My stomach churns and my cock is so hard from watching you have so much fun. Just dancing with this guy has re-ignited how sexy you realize you are and how many guys in this club want to fuck you.
I text you, 'Tell him you have no panties on', you look around for me but cant see me. However you do as I say, and he groans as you whisper it into his ear. He grabs your ass and nibbles on your neck.
The main band starts to play so everyone's attention is to the band. For majority of the set you are wiggling your ass into this guy, with his hands exploring you. I text you again, telling you how much I love you and how fucking kinky and sexy you are and that you are going to be punished for it.
Your imagination goes into overdrive and your mind becomes a very naughty and kinky place. I walk past you without making it obvious and slip something into your hand. When I popped out of the room, I bought some MDMA from your friend you got it from last time and gave you two tabs. You excuse yourself from the guy to go get and drink and take the tablets.
I meet you at the bar and place your hand on my cock. The look in your eyes is so ravenous and aggressive I was wondering if I had taken it too far. You reassure me that it is not so and that you are enjoying every second.
You head back to the guy and there is not long left in the set. The pills start kicking in and you keep having fun and flirting with the same guy. Before you realize, he has slide a hand up your skirt and starts flicking your clit. You let out such a loud moan, luckily the music is loud but you get a few looks. He starts rubbing your clit faster, you are so soaking wet. The MDMA also starts kicking in.
You are building towards orgasm, and the last song just finished, I text you that we are going, you find it so hard to tell him to stop but you leave and we beat the crowd out of the band room.
You push me against the wall on the street and without a word we make out for the next 20 minutes. The other guy comes out onto the street as everyone starts filing out and gives us a weird look, seeing you with me, then chuckles and walks off. You feel so euphoric from the pills and want to get somewhere to fuck me as soon as possible.
We jump in a cab and you think we are heading home but we get off at crown and I tell you that we are staying in a penthouse for the night. We get in the elevator, there is 81 floors, we both look at each other, knowing exactly what we want, I quickly undo my pants and you suck me off to wet my cock, then you bend over, hands against the wall.
I slide in with one smooth stroke and you gasp, enjoying me fill you up. I start fucking you like crazy and you are moaning so loud. We hear a ding and think it is our floor but it is the one before it. The doors open and a middle-aged couple is standing there. I don't care; I hold you in place and keep fucking you so hard, with their eyes on you. The 6 seconds that the door was open feels like eternity, your pussy just gets even wetter, from just thinking how slutty and dirty you have been for me tonight.
The doors finally close and we get to our level, the MDMA is just feeling amazing and making you feel overwhelmed and sexy. You got to walk out towards our room but I stop you, force you to your knees and get you to go down on me, as I was so close to cumming. I get almost to the edge and tell you to stop but you keep going and I just lose it, I just keep cumming rope after rope, some into your mouth, the rest covering your pretty face and top. You lick most of it up and keep gently sucking me for a bit.
We eventually make it to the room where you clean your face up and we head to the bedroom. What is waiting for you on the bedside table is a 8 inch dildo, massage oil, a candle, a bowl of ice, nipple clamps and the flogger.
I get you to lie down on your stomach and I give you a long multiorgasmic massage. I add lots of lube, not that much was needed, and slowly start stroking back and forth up and down your pussy with my fingers. I slip one finger in as the others brush your clit.
I slip a second finger in as my other hand runs up and down constantly over your ass. The sensations can't be put into words about how you feel. I put my second hand under your stomach and start flicking your clit while two fingers keep sliding in and out of you.
You cum almost instantly from this in a very violent and loud orgasm, I tell you to moan my name as you cum, I stop rubbing your clit but slip 3 fingers inside you and move them ever so slowly. Building you down from your orgasm and up to the next one.
I keep fingering and stretching you out as I have slipped one finger into your ass and slowly move it in time with the fingers in your pussy. You can feel the next orgasm already and you welcome it as again you shake in my arms, letting it take you over. I can feel your ass contracting around my finger and your pussy around me as well.
I wipe you down from all the massage oil and lube and lie you down on your back. Before you know it, with the handcuffs you didn't notice on the bed, I cuff you to each corner. I blindfold you and start kissing you.
I move slowly down your neck to your collarbones then to your nipples, I get them hard then put the nipple clamps on and move them to a moderate - high setting. I kiss down your stomach, down to your toes and back up.
I put on some music quietly in the background and come back to make out with you. I move away and you hear some ticking, you go to ask what I am doing but I put my hand over your mouth.
The next thing you feel is hot wax dripping onto your chest, you squeal and move, resulting in the clamps moving and tugging at your nipples. I make a wax trail down to just above your groin then lick from your ass all the way up to your clit excruciatingly slowly. I make a wax trail down your leg and every time you squeal or moan, I whip a certain part of your body. By the time I have made a few trails around your body, you are left sensitive and wanting more.
I grab a towel and brush all the dried wax off you then grab an ice cube and kiss and rub ice everywhere that has either been whipped or had wax drop on it. The soothing feeling is relaxing and such a turn on at the same time.
I move down and start licking your clit after the ice completely melts. From moving in circles to flicking back and forth quickly, I keep changing it up and you already can feel another orgasm building. Just as you are about to cum I pull away, to be met with complaints from you.
I run the whip up your leg, the hard leather tickling your leg, but making you anxious, as you know what is next. I punish you for complaining and give you three hard swats across your nipples, hitting the clamps, adding extra pressure to them.
I build you up like this again a few more times, denying your orgasm and punishing you whenever you speak out of turn. I get off the bed, and with the blindfold you cant see what I am doing but I grab the 8 inch dildo and after lubricating it, slide it all the way in and holding it still. I place a pillow so that it stays inside of you without me having to hold it.
It is filling you up so much and you beg for me to move it in and out, grinding your hips. I whip you again and tell you not to move. I move up next to you and get you to slowly go down on me as you feel the dildo resting inside you. The MDMA amplifying every little movement, and every millimeter the dildo moves is like electricity.
As you take me deep into your mouth, licking the underside of my cock as you do, I tug on the clamps.
I suddenly start undoing the cuffs and then, with the dildo still inside, flip you onto your stomach and re cuff you to the bed. I begin by moving the dildo 1cm in and out very slowly as I circle my tongue around your ass. You push back against me and I move away and give you 5 swats on each ass cheek with the whip. The fine line between pleasure and pain seems just so much better in that moment.
I move the cuffs onto a hog tie and flip you over so your hands and legs are in the air and cuffed to each other, completely exposed for me and only for me. I pull the dildo out and stick my tongue as deep inside you as I can; the softness of my tongue after the dildo feels like heaven.
I lick your clit to make you squirm then slide the dildo back in. I kiss up to your face then remove the blindfold, grab the back of your head and kiss you deeply. I rub my cock against your ass and slowly slide in.
You gasp, not being able to form words, you have been teased all night, had alcohol, still delirious from cumming twice yet so horny from all the recent orgasm denial, the MDMA is still overwhelming and creates such an underlying euphoric feeling. The tingling of the sex opium still present whenever I touch you, so to is the raw feeling from all the whipping and hot wax dripping on you.
This all hits you at once as I am sliding into you, as I am all the way in my pelvic bone pushes against the dildo in your pussy, pushing it further into you. I start slow then move faster and faster.
You go to say something but I wrap my arms around your legs and fuck you senseless until I cant go on. I slow back down then build up again. I can sense your huge orgasm not far away.
You think that you are about to cum but it just keeps building and building, bigger and bigger. You stop moaning, you stop moving, almost paralytic as you almost hit your orgasm.
In the instant before you cum I grab your throat with one hand, cover your mouth with the other and start slamming into you so hard. Your eyes go wide and I tighten my grip on you so that you can't move as you start to shake and buck and moan so loudly, muffled only by my hand.
I remove my hand and you begin screaming my name so loudly, cumming the hardest you have in your life. It just keeps going and going, and as you and about to start coming down, I remove the tight nipple clamps and the blood rush to the nipples sends you off the edge again and into another earth shattering orgasm.
I slide out of you and remove the dildo at the same time and watching you there, writhing under so much pleasure sets me off and I cum all over your stomach and stockings as you gasp for air, coming down from your orgasm.
We both go and shower in the penthouse, then have a stupidly long bath and make out, to which we then have the idea to order room service food cuddle up, exhausted and in a bliss on the couch next to the fireplace, overlooking the crown promenade and river. Just before we go to bed, I finally hand your panties back to you.