Blinking upon awakening to get rid of the bleariness in her eyes, Siobhan groaned as she stretched, her surroundings being immediately unfamiliar to her. The blonde sat up abruptly, finding herself on a couch in the middle of what was very obviously a student's living room, her body covered by a soft grey blanket. She sat for a few seconds, before remembering what had led her to falling asleep in such a place.
She had been at a party the night before, hosted by her friend Robyn, who's living room she had obviously slept in. From what she remembered; the party had been fun. Plenty of alcohol, games, shots and... She couldn't remember much after that, the last time she recalled checking the time, it was 10pm. Siobhan's face went a little red, realising she must have blacked out after too many drinks. Luckily, she didn't often get hangovers, and her head felt fine this morning, despite her lack of memory of the night before.
Looking at the time on her almost-out-of -charge phone, Siobhan saw that it was 5:30am. She never did sleep long, and based on her previous timings of her own sleep, she reasoned that she had probably passed out somewhere around midnight. Robyn probably wouldn't be awake for a few more hours, so Siobhan figured that the least she could do for her first friend in this new country would be to make her some coffee. Being from an upper-class posh background, Siobhan found difficulty making friends when she had first arrived. Her prim and proper appearance and properly British accent would often give away her status to her lower-class classmates, and allowed them to avoid her, thinking that she would be too above them. Not Robyn though, she latched on to Siobhan straight away, and took her under her wing, teaching her the ways of being a broke student, complete with nightly meals of ramen and frequent parties. The British blonde put her bare feet to the floor, ready to get up to make her friend the hangover curing beverage, feeling the blanket falling away from her body when she noticed...
She was butt freaking naked!
"Oh dear!" The Brit exclaimed in shock, her hands grabbing the grey blanket and pulling it back to cover her previously uncovered c-cup breasts, her rosy nipples standing at attention from the cold. How the hell had she ended up naked?! She had never slept naked before! The blonde's face got redder as a previously forgotten memory of the night before began to form in her head...

7 hours earlier

"Shots! Shots! Shots!"
The chanting of the party rang in Siobhan's ears, feeling the tequila burn as it slid down her throat, seeing Robyn and a few others grimacing as they finished their own shots. The British girl hiccupped, giggling as she put down her shot glass, feeling warm and fuzzy, both from the copious amount of alcohol she had already drank, combined with the fact that she was finally getting along with her classmates at her college, a large quantity of them cheering at her finishing her shot.
"Are you all good?" Robyn asked her from across the table, wiping her mouth from her own shot, as the crowd got louder, singing along to the music playing. Siobhan knew she was a lightweight, but wanted to prove to everyone that she could handle her drink.
"Of course I am!" Siobhan answered proudly, "Why don't we play some games?!" She said partly to Robyn, but mostly to the crowd, their cheers at her suggestion filling her up with pride, and making her a little red in the face.
"Games? Sure, I've got just the one!" Robyn said, getting up from the table, making her way to retrieve the game she had in mind. Siobhan giggled, as multiple people continued to cheer for her taking the shot, and her suggestion at the game, making the Brit feel welcome at a student party for the first time since term started. Before long, Robyn returned to the table, placing a pack of playing cards in the middle.
"How about a game of strip poker!" Robyn announced loudly, making Siobhan's stomach drop, and her face redden at the suggestion, even more so as the cheers of her classmates around her just seemed to get louder...
~
Siobhan cringed at the memory. They had played strip poker! And she had clearly lost! She felt her cheeks burning, her heart pounding in her chest as she realised that everyone in the party must have seen her naked! Her hands shook as she reached for her phone again, the blondes nerves almost getting the better of her, as she was sure there would be numerous text messages or social media posts about her embarrassing exposure.
Her phone had finally run of our charge it seemed, and the Brit groaned, throwing it beside her on the couch and putting her head in her hands. She would be even more of a laughing stock than she was already. All those people would have seen her tits, and they would know she wasn't a natural blonde thanks to the fuzzy patch of brunette hair between her legs! She had liked the natural look, but now it seemed that would be her detriment.
"Alright. Focus... you can't change what's happened..." Siobhan said to herself, taking a deep breath, and finally taking her head from her hands. She may have committed social suicide the night before, but there were more pressing issues. For one thing, she was still naked! Not a stitch of clothing from head to toe. She needed to find her clothes and get dressed, before she could fully evaluate how ruined her life was.
Gritting her teeth, the blonde stood up, wrapping the blanket around herself like a towel, the fabric covering from her chest to her ankles. Still blushing furiously, Siobhan looked around the living room, various empty bottles of various alcohols a few ash trays littering the tables and floors. The Brit was careful, navigating her bare feet across the stained carpet, making sure to check every nook and cranny for her missing clothes.
"God where are they?" The Brit's delightful accent rang out through the still house, deciding to move next to the kitchen. Robyn's house wasn't terribly big, there were only so many places her clothes could be!
Still, after 20 minutes of searching, the blonde found no clothes whatsoever. Even checking Robyn's washing machine and laundry hamper, she found nothing that could even remotely cover her bare body. Groaning in frustration, she brough a hand to her temple. Her frustration was evident, as she took a few deep breaths, trying her best to calm her frayed nerves. The nearly naked Brit knew that she was out of options. She had to go to Robyn's room and borrow some of her friends clothes. It would be embarrassing sure, but her friend had likely already seen her naked last night. And if she was still asleep, Siobhan reasoned that she could slip in and out before Robyn even woke up.
With a confident "Hmph," the blonde made her way back into the living room, once again being careful to keep a firm grip on her blanket, her only current source of covering, and to not step in any of the spilled alcohol or cigarette ash on the carpet. Making her way out into the front hallway, Siobhan was a little happier to have the hardwood flooring beneath her bare feet, a big contrast to the filthy carpet. Wasting no time, she began climbing the stairs as quick as she reasonably could while still keeping her covering in place.
Reaching the top of the stairs, the posh girl was aware the first door at the top was the bathroom. Quickly peaking her head inside to look for any discarded clothes, the Brit sighed as it was very much the same story as downstairs. Moving on swiftly, Siobhan was aware the next room along the hall was Robyn's. Creeping up to the door, Siobhan first tried the handle, groaning as she found the door to be locked. It was pretty common to have locks on each bedroom door in student houses, but right now it was working to her detriment. She figured her only choice was to knock and hope she could wake up Robyn, before she noticed a note taped to the door that she had missed when she first approached. She squinted in the low light and the scrawly, obviously drunken handwriting, barely making it out...
Siobhan,
Met a cute guy and went to his place for an after party. Feel free to freshen up or hang out. I'll text if I need anything.
Robyn.
"Oh come on!" The Brit groaned as she read the note. Robyn was no stranger to leaving her if she thought she would get laid. She never had much reason to complain about it, especially not wanting to complain about her best (and only) friend. But this time, she had royally screwed her over!
Sighing in defeat, Siobhan turned and began making her way back towards the stairs. There was no point in trying any of Robyn's housemates' rooms, she just couldn't face the embarrassment of facing anyone else while only having the cotton blanket to cover her naked body with. Her footsteps were heavy with frustration, as the blushing Brit made her way back to the living room, conceding herself to waiting until Robyn got home to get some clothes on.
Reaching the bottom of the stairs, the blonde stopped, yet another blurry memory reforming in her head as she looked at the front door...

6 hours earlier

"No!" Siobhan yelled as she put down her last hand. She was sure her straight flush was going to be the winner for the round, but she wasn't expecting the blonde next to Robyn to have a royal flush up her sleeve. The blonde groaned, taking another swig of her cocktail, and looking longingly at her pile of clothes on the table.
"I win again Silver Spoon!" The blonde, who's name she hazily remember as Kate through her drunken state, raised a fist in the air, only having lost her shoes the entire game. Siobhan put her head in her hands, the Brit sitting completely naked at the table. Her drunken state had obviously lowered her inhibitions, and she never in her right mind would have agreed to stripping naked in front of the cheering crowd at the house party. She was embarrassed, but she was making no attempt at covering her perky tits, nor her curly bush, the carpet not at all matching the drapes. Kate leaned forward, grabbing Siobhan's clothes from the table.
"What are you doing?" Siobhan asked, her words slightly slurred and her vision fuzzy as she looked on at the other blonde grabbing her clothes.
"You can't get any more naked, right? So, by losing this round, I get your clothes!" Kate stated, Siobhan's face blushing once again as she watched the blonde stand up with the bundle of clothes, "You're staying naked for the rest of the night!"
The crowd cheered, wolf whistles and humiliating comments could be heard all around her. Siobhan had always wanted more attention after moving country to attend this university, but now it seemed that she was getting too much for her liking, as all eyes were indeed on her. She could feel small tingles running through her body, the posh girl reasoning that it was her nerves running through her body. Snapping out of her state, Siobhan could hear chants of the crowd
"THROW THEM OUT! THROW THEM OUT!"
Siobhan cringed as she watched Kate, who had moved to the front door of Robyn's house, her clothes under one arm. Siobhan could barely form the words "No" or "Stop", before in one fell swoop, Kate had opened the front door, and thrown Siobhan's clothes with all her might. Siobhan's face was on fire, and her hands came to cover her face as Robyn came to stand next to her.
"Guess you're staying naked for the night..."
~
"Outside!" Siobhan said to herself, one hand still gripping the blanket covering her naked body, the other slapping her forehead as the memory returned to her. She could vaguely remember Robyn saying Kate had managed to throw them all the way to the neighbour's yard. The Brit took a breath in attempt to calm her nerves, mentally reminding herself never to attend another one of Robyn's parties. Hell, the way things were going, she would never be doing anything social ever again, not after half the population of her university had seen her assets.
Still, she knew where her clothes were. She could get dressed and head home, lock herself in her room, and never emerge again. That was her plan anyways. First things first though, the blonde knew she had to get her clothes from the neighbour's yard...
Her hand shaking as it approached the handle of the front door, she tried her best to look out the window of the front door, seeing if she could spot her clothes by eye and plan her route accordingly. No luck it seemed, as a large hedge separated view of Robyn's house from her neighbour. Pressing her forehead to the window in embarrassment and frustration, the Brit admired how the cold glass felt against her hot forehead, before taking another grip of the grey blanket currently covering her. It was still early in the morning, and no one would likely be awake to see her. It was now or never.
Turning the handle, Siobhan let out an adorable squeak as she could immediately feel the cool summer breeze roll in, her nipples hardening beneath the blanket in a second, and goosebumps rising on the exposed skin of her arms. Her eyes adjusted to the brightness emanating from outside, the 6am morning sun lighting up the world, which for someone in Siobhan's situation, would turn out to be a curse.
Slowly, a bare foot made its way on to the front step, as Siobhan peaked outside to make sure there was no one around before concluding that the coast was clear, bringing her other foot out to step down. Unfortunately for the blonde, she had misjudged the height of the first step, and soon found herself tripping. The let out a squeal, feeling a gust of cold air overtake her body, but managing to steady herself on her feet and not fall on her face. This was swiftly followed by a loud bang. The noise made Siobhan's heart stop and her eyes widen as she realised...
"No. No, no, NO!"
Looking behind her the Brit saw the door had slammed shut with the gust of wind. Robyn's door had an auto lock, and could only be opened from the outside with a key. Not only that, but the combination of the trip, and the sudden gust of wind had taken the blanket from her body. Only a few inches of it stuck out of the door from the outside... which meant...
"Oh dear! Oh dear!" Siobhan repeated the phrase, her voice quiet, but still obviously panicking as her arms came to cover her perky tits, and exposed bush. She was naked! Outside! Not only that but she was locked out, and with Robyn's house being one in a row of houses that had no back yards, she had no way of getting back in. She could feel her hard nipples pressing against her arm covering them. She could feel the wind against her bare ass and blowing through her pubic hair! She needed to get back inside!
In a flash, the naked posh girl turned on her feet and moved back towards the front door, knocking on it furiously. She cringed at how loud it was, and would occasionally peek over her bare shoulder for anyone on the sidewalk who might be passing by and getting a lovely view of her bare butt. After a few minutes of this she knew it was no use. The only way of getting back in would be to pound on the door loud enough to wake Robyn's drunken housemates. And doing that was sure to draw attention from the neighbours, exposing her naked body to even more people. Siobhan let out a frustrated sigh, her body going limp and leaning against the door for a second. Before she remembered the reason she had come outside in the first place...
"My clothes!" The blonde gasped, remembering they were the reason she had come outside in the first place! They were just in the next yard! She could retrieve them and get dressed, and that way she could comfortably make her way back home... Feeling the heat emanating from her cheeks, the posh girl turned so her back was against the front door, her hands coming to their covering positions once again against her breasts and pussy, she closed her eyes, and once again took a few deep breaths.
She had no other choice.
Moving as quick as she dared, wanting this to be over as soon as possible, the naked blonde could feel goosebumps rising over her entire body and a strange tingling in her lower body, which she assumed to be nerves. Passing through the gate that separated Robyn's yard from the public sidewalk, Siobhan closed her eyes as she saw the street, and anyone on said street would see a completely naked posh student. Feeling her bare feet against the concrete did nothing to calm Siobhan's nerves as she quickly made her way to the house next door. Opening her eyes, Siobhan looked around the garden, seeing nicely trimmed grass, and a lovely flower bed...
But no clothes...
"No." Siobhan breathed out, looking over and over again, hoping that her franticness was affecting her vision, and that her clothes were really right there in front of her. But each time, she failed to see any clothes in the garden, and even the surrounding area being void of anything she could even remotely use to cover her naked body. Siobhan's arm gripped her body tighter, nerves flooding the blonde as the crouched next to a car on the street, hoping that no one would be around to see her in such an undignified state. She was from an upper-class family, and here she was, parading herself around in public completely naked like a common street whore. She needed to regain her bearings and figure out what to do.
"I can't stay here... Obviously." Siobhan said to herself, looking from her crouched position behind the car to the street around her. There were very few places she could reasonably hide out and wait for Robyn to come home. The Sunday morning sun was shining down on her, reminding her of just how exposed she was. The butterflies in her tummy were getting worse, the blonde a nervous wreck at this point as she tried her best to formulate a plan. It was still early... She only lived about a half hour walk away... and she kept a spare key under a flowerpot. If she could get back to her house, she would be able to get back inside. In her mind, it was her best bet. There was only one real problem...
The entire city centre was between her and her house.
The mere thought felt like a massive weight on her chest, the blonde clutching her arms tighter to her exposed breasts and feeling her dark curls on her public region tickling the palm of her hand, giving her an unnecessary reminder of her current state of undress, as if the light breeze blowing past her hot exposed skin wasn't doing a good enough job. She had never even been naked outside of her own bedroom or bathroom before last night, and now she was having to consider walking all the way through the city centre with nothing but her own hands as cover. It was something out of a nightmare, and the Brit would have considered this as a possibility if it weren't for the sensation of the ground beneath her bare feet, or the cold metal of the car she was currently crouched beside being all too real for her to entertain that thought.
The only thing she had going for her, she thought, was that it was a Sunday. Less crowds would be around than on a weekday or Saturday for sure. Not only that, but it was early in the morning. The sun was out in full, but it was still far too early for most people to have even considered getting out of bed yet. If she hurried, and played her cards right, she may just get away with this, relatively unseen.
"It'll be fine," Siobhan tried consoling herself out loud, "It'll be good. Just like playing hide and seek..." her comparison of her impending streak to the classic children's game made sense only in her head, as she had never played that game while completely naked, nor throughout a whole city centre. Still, her false confidence seemed to spur her on, along with the thought that if she stayed crouched where she was any longer, someone was sure to come across her. Staying in one place for too long seemed inadvisable in her mind.
"Ok Siobhan... you can do this." The Brit's posh and confident accent returned in full as she slowly got to her feet, her hands still in place covering her womanly assets, as she looked around as best she could to make sure the coast was clear, her body facing the direction she knew her house to be in. Her face flooded crimson, scrunching up as the embarrassment took over for a second, the blonde not wanting to stop her momentum and ponder on how unfair life had been to her in the last few hours. She needed to get home.
With a stressful sigh, and a final glance around herself, Siobhan took her first step in the direction of the city centre. Even her bare feet against the ground as she walked was a constant reminder of her humiliating predicament, the Brit taking step after step on the sidewalk, her face red and her eyes wide, never feeling so alert as she was constantly scanning for spectators to her R rated show. There was a knot in her stomach, and if the blonde wasn't mistaken, she could feel strange tingles rising throughout her body the further she walked, heat spreading from her cheeks to the rest of her bare body as she soon found herself nearing the end of the street.
Siobhan knew her way home from Robyn's. But still being new to the country, she only knewoneroute there, being unfamiliar with a lot of the city still. She resumed her crouching position as she reached the end of Robyn's street, the narrow houses ending and giving way to a main road into the city. Perching behind some hedges that led onto the main road, the Brit assessed her options. Immediately in front of her was the main road. The route to get home would involve her crossing said road, which on any other day, was no big deal. However, with her beingcompletely naked, this presented a very big problem for the blonde, as she scrunched up her face in thought, wondering the best way to tackle this latest obstacle in her path.
She needed to cross the road. The thought of her standing at the traffic light, waiting for the lights to turn red so that she could safely cross the road, shuffling along with every inch of her body illuminated by the morning sun in front of all the cars that had stopped at the lights, was just about the most humiliating thing that had ever crossed Siobhan's mind. She could feel the heat from her cheeks radiating. Though... it was radiating fromotherareas...Besidesher face. The blonde attempted to put this...confusing... sensation to the back of her mind as she weighed up herotheroption.
It was really early on a Sunday morning. In the minute or so she had already been crouching behind the hedges, Siobhan hadn't seen a single car going down this usually busy main road. It was the riskier option, both in terms of her modesty,andher safety, but she could just run across. Siobhan's hands came from their covering positions to cup her face, feeling the warmth of embarrassment from her predicament. Running across a main road completely naked, showing off her breasts, her ass, her fuzzy crotch to any and all people, in cars or otherwise, who might be around. But still, her other option? Standing and waiting for the fucking light to change? This was probably the least humiliating option of the two...
Her mind set, and her breathing steadied, the posh girl peaked out from her hiding space, seeing a car speed past, the first one since she'd assumed her hiding place. This was her chance. Wasting no time, Siobhan took off from behind the hedges, approaching the edge of the footpath. A quick glance to her left and right confirmed to the naked girl that she was in the clear, car-wise at least, not having been as thorough as she would have liked to be for pedestrians. Both arms now clutched her breasts, bracing them for her sprint across the road. Biting her lip, and feeling goosebumps and tingles rising all over her body, Siobhan started running.
Feeling the road beneath her feet, and the wind blowing across her bare body, the Brit couldn't find it within herself to look anywhere but straight ahead as she ran. Her heart was threatening to pound out of her bare chest as she reached the halfway point of the road, and the blonde didn't stop to make sure the coast was still clear, fearing that another pedestrian would spot the naked girl standing in the middle of the road. In addition to the pounding in her chest, she could feel a pressure just below. A tingle and a heat, right around her loins. This was not an unfamiliar feeling, but she had only experienced this before when...
"Oh fuck..." Siobhan breathed out as she reached the sidewalk on the other side of the road. "Oh fuck, oh fuck!" Her latest revelation had started a panic within her. She was horny! She was actually getting turned on at streaking naked outside. Siobhan's face would have gotten even redder if that was even possible at just the thought of this, and as such, even though she had reached the other side of the road, she didn't stop running, as if thinking that she could outrun her newly realised arousal.
With every step she took, the nervous blonde could feel a tingle of excitement emanating from her lady treasure, making its way through her entire body. Siobhan's vision became blurry, both from the strenuous exercise (She knew she should have taken up running club in secondary school!) and from the fast pace of her heart, pumping at a furious pace due to a combination of her running, the utter embarrassment and dread about being naked outside, and the blood that was now rushing to her intimates. In fact, she could particularly feel the breeze of the morning air between her legs now, her pussy having become wet. Siobhan's humiliation only grew at the realisation.
She continued her sprint down the street in the direction she knew she needed to go to get home, only slowing down her pace when she started to get worn out from her extended streak. She couldn't stop for a rest now, to her left across the road was a row of houses and small businesses, it's occupants and owners surely waking up for the day shortly. And too her right stood an old cathedral, the type that would be seldom seen in a student neighbourhood. And even less common would be the bare-naked British student, streaking just a few yards from it, and,apparently, getting off on it. Heresy in the highest regards!
"Oh God. Oh lord what am I doing?!" Siobhan's face grew even redder as she approached the end of this street. She wasn't brought up in an extremely religious household or anything, but even a heathen could see the implications of strutting around completely naked next to such a site. Focusing on getting to the end of the street, Siobhan's face paled as she saw a young woman walking her dog crossing the street. Someone was actually going to see her naked! The mere though caused her legs to tremble, slowing down her jog even further, both fear and utter arousal taking over. She would see her bouncing tits, her dark curls, and the wet pink treasure that lay beneath it. Siobhan stumbled on her bare feet as she went, catching herself on a passing lamppost, standing straight so her body was mostly hidden behind the lamppost, only her hips, and arms which were clutching the metal pole as if for dear life, being able to be seen from it. Poking her head around, the blonde was relieved to see the dog walker hadn't immediately spotted the naked student, but there was certainly still time for that to change, especially considering the lamppost wasn't exactly covering much! Anyone behind the Brit would be getting a completely unobstructed view of her perky butt. The thought alone caused more heat to rise in Siobhan's face, and to gather in her loins.
"Stop with the dirty thoughts!" The blonde Brit thought to herself as she watched the dog walker stop, her heart dropping as the young lady seemed to be looking around at the surrounding buildings, before occasionally looking back at her phone. She must be looking for a specific address or street. Regardless, she was 100 feet from a streaker, and Siobhan wasn't exactly in the mood nor position to be giving directions to her! The mere thought was causing a pressure to build within the Brit's lower tummy, and Siobhan found herself having to bite her lip just in mere moan suppression, her body breaking out in sweat. Tingles of excitement were exploding like fireworks in the blonde's naked pussy, more droplets of arousal visible on her throbbing lower lips and her clit, now poking out from it's protective hood. Siobhan realised what was about to happen, as she kept her eyes fixated on the woman who was so close to seeing her public exposure.
"Oh.Oh!" Light moans came from the blond Brit's mouth, her bringing a hand to cover her mouth, as her legs began trembling, the waves having begun. She was cumming, the pressure within her having built to a breaking point, her pussy contracting around nothing, and her clitoris throbbing with need for stimulation, Siobhan having not even considered the level of arousal that must have been coursing through her body for a hands free orgasm to be triggered in such a way. The Brit was moaning incoherently into her hand, praying to the powers that be that the dog walker had some earphones in and couldn't hear her. She bent just slightly at the waist, pushing her butt further from the lamppost her free hand was gripping for dear life, in an attempt to dampen the non-existent stimulation that had set off the blonde.
It finally seemed the woman had figured out where she was, pulling at her dogs leash to get it to continue walking in the direction with her, as Siobhan felt the waves of pleasure coursing through her naked publicly exposed body dying down, her mind becoming un fogged as the post bliss kicked in, intensifying all other sensations for the girl, including the course sidewalk beneath her feet, and the light morning breeze blowing past her sweaty hot body. Siobhan was shocked. Had she really just done that? Orgasmed in such a risky situation, it being set off by nothing but her own arousal from the humiliation.
"That was so unproper! Doing...that... outside like a common streetwalker!" The Brit's accent was shaky, with her aftershocks finally beginning to die down. The dog walker was out of view now, and Siobhan could once again not see anyone immediately. This was her cue to start walking, her public display of her O face would have to be something she addressed later, once she was inside and/or clothed again. Steadying her bare legs after her climax, she cupper her breasts once again, and, slower than previously, she began making her way along the route she knew home.
Reaching the end of the street, and turning to the right, thankfully in the complete opposite direction that the dog walker had just went, Siobhan hid her exposed body behind the building as she scouted out the direction. This was the main road to the city centre, and would be by far the longest road she would be following at any one time. And if that wasn't bad enough, the bare blonde knew that the closer she got to the city centre itself, the more populated with office buildings and store the road would get. Her only saving grace would be the variety of parked cars, alley ways, and small enclaves she would be able to hide in were she to encounter another close call, like the one she just had...
"Hopefully I have a less...extremereaction to another close call..." Siobhan said under her breath, poking her head back behind the building and standing with her back flush to the brickwork, eyes wide as a car sped down the road, thankfully away from the direction she would be walking. Her face was on fire once again, and the Brit wanted to let out a groan of annoyance as she realised that she could feel tingling in her loins once again. As if the situations she found herself wasn't difficult enough, she would have to be constantly fighting her own damn hormones, and newly realised fetish for public humiliation along the way. Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, Siobhan steadied herself, her face blazing, and heart thumping, and stepped out, her arms slung across her exposed breasts, leaving her dark bush and ass still exposed.
At a pace a little faster than walking, as she wanted to get this over with quickly, but didn't want to wear herself out, and still slow enough to react to any sudden embarrassing encounters with people, Siobhan walked, one bare foot in front of the other, down the street, passing the houses and small offices, that she knew would become further and farther between as she got closer to the city centre, her red hot face not at all being cooled down by the light Sunday morning breeze, that was only serving to blow past every exposed piece of skin of her body, reminding the naked blonde Brit, exactly how naked she was publicly. Within just a few minutes of walking down the street, Siobhan's emotions were all over the place, the nude beauty being even more jumpy and trembling harder than when she was in the throws of ecstasy, the temperature of the warm morning not being responsible for this, but rather the Brit's own mind, as all Siobhan could think about was how humiliating her caught would be.
"It would be such a scandal! Making headline! Surely Mum and Dad would hear about it back in England! Their daughter flaunting around her body to get off on it! Oh they would completely cut me off, take away my car..." Siobhan's mind was wild with the consequences of her streak, this being slightly intentional of the blonde, as thinking of the negatives of her situation meant she wasn't thinking of just how good her body was feeling. Her pink and throbbing pussy had never been wetter than she was right now and she knew it, the Brit wanting to put all thought of having to get naked publicly to get herself off in the future out of her mind at this horrifying realisation, and preferring to try to make the negative consequences of this the only thing she could think of. Unfortunately for Siobhan, she was spending so much of her mental capacity trying to condition her body's feelings about her newfound fetish, that she hadn't noticed the architecture around her changing, the building's getting taller, and closer together, as she was beginning to enter the city centre.
*HONK* *HONK*
"Oh! Oh dear!" With an exclamation of shock, the blonde Brit threw her naked body behind the first cover she saw, a bright red mailbox, the blushing beauty crouching behind it, pressing her hot, flushed and sweaty body against the cool metal, her head swimming with humiliating and arousing thoughts at the implication of her being seen by an early morning driver. Peeking her head around to look at the main road, her mouth open and panting as she saw a bright yellow taxi parked in the middle of the road, right across from it, a truck also stopped just inches from it, having pulled out from a side street.
Her heart dropped at the thought ofmorethan one vehicle having spotted the naked Brit in all her glory. But to her joy, she saw the two driversnotfocused on the nude blushing British snob, but instead, on each other, the taxi driver yelling at the driver at the truck, it clicking in Siobhan's mind that with the proximity of the truck to the cab, and the two vehicles being stopped in the middle of the street, the source of the honk, and the two drivers obvious distraction, must have been due to one of their ignorance of the road traffic laws, and not in fact, seeing a streaker practically creaming herself in the middle of a city on an early Sunday morning.
The cab driver must have spotted the blonde hair poking out from behind the mail box out of the corner of his eye, because his gaze swayed from his newly sworn road enemy, in her direction, Siobhan pulling her head back around, breathing heavily, and hoping the sound of the engine's would cover up the light moans from behind the mail box, the Brit feeling the same arousal from earlier beginning to course through her again, having to practically grab one of her wrists with another to stop her hand from diving between her soft thighs, to the dripping treasure between them, lying just below the damning patch of hair, the evidence of her natural hair pigment, and the pink lips, engorged and slimy that were begging for a mere touch to bring the Brit to ecstasy. Siobhan held her nerve though, her hands instead coming to cover her agape mouth, to stop herself from moaning or breathing, giving the drivers any reason whatsoever to investigate behind her makeshift safe haven.
And like that she stayed for what felt like an hour, though in reality was little over a minute and a half, bare body splayed behind the red metal box, her hands busy covering her mouth, and her eyes screwed shut tight, not wanting to see the potential person coming to investigate, her chest filled with dread that got just a tad more intense with every frantic beat of her anxious heart, Siobhan's position allowing anyone on theotherside of the mail box to get a full view of her body, her bare feet against the pavement up her pale smooth legs, bent at the knees to accommodate her crouching position, the treasure between her legs still oozing love honey down her soft thighs, her torso similarly bent forward in the crouch, leaning against the cool metal of the mailbox, her tits hanging free thanks to the angle allowing an unobstructed view of the rock hard nipples topping them off, before finally her face, red and sweating with terror, anxiety, and very obviously, sick arousal. By the time Siobhan peeked a single eye open, to check why she hadn't been caught yet, she found both vehicles had already driven off, leaving the naked blonde alone once again.
"That was too close..." She panted heavily, beginning to rise on her shaking legs. She must confess, her reaction wasn't totally born out of fear of being seen, a second reason was that she was focusing on thinking of the most unsexy things she could, an attempt at staving of another... erm...explosionfrom her loins. The Brit thought for sure she would once again have turned into a quivering, spasming wreck right here behind the mailbox, but she had managed to hold herself off with the thoughts of the consequences of being caught, and shaming her highly regarded family name. Checking that she was indeed once again alone in the city street, Siobhan began moving again, just a little bit slower this time, knowing that she would have to be more alert as it got closer working hours.
"This is too exposing! There has to be another route! One less public..." The blonde thought in her own mind, her latest encounter having ramped her anxiety up to eleven, and unlike the previous time, hadn't provided her relief from her high level of arousal. Siobhan knew she could find an alley way or a secluded corner and take care of the problem herself, but she just couldn't bring herself to do that. The promise of a clearer head and less wound up body was not worth the risk of being caught during such an act, fingering herself while naked and with no access to clothes in the middle of the city centre. There would be no playing this off as a tragic accident if that were the case. Still, the Brit reasoned, a more secluded route would be her best option with her current state of dress. Problem is, still being new to the country, she only knew one route for sure to her home! Getting lost wasn't something she wanted to add on to her growing list of problems.
"If I go a less exposing way, I risk getting lost. If I run instead of walk, I could have another dog walker incident. If I don't cum, I'm a bundle of nerves, If I cum I'm a slut! I just can't win!" Siobhan couldn't help the slight laughter that came with actually saying all of this out loud. The whole situation was madness! Insanity! And yet here she was, feeling the morning breeze blow past her moist and sticky thighs as she walked past her favourite book store. If she didn't laugh, she truly would cry. Or orgasm. Keeping herself distracted with the sheer unfairness of her situation was how the blonde Brit was most recently keeping her mind from acknowledging the sheer crotch dampening embarrassment of being naked in an oh so public place.
Siobhan turned the corner once she reached the end of the particular street she was on. That was good at least, she had just finished the longest straight road she would encounter on her journey. The corners and weaving of the remaining streets and road would likely put her at less risk of being caught so easily. If Siobhan had to judge the distance, she was about halfway home, maybe a little over that, and she was making good time. She couldn't imagine it even being 7am yet, and as such, only a few stores, like coffee shops would be opening at this time. Lucky for her, as the Brit was now staring down City Hall, the centre piece of the middle of the city. And just beyond that, a single street away was her next destination...
High Street.
This was going to be a particularly tough walk for the naked beauty. Early morning shoppers weren't uncommon, and there was a good chance that people would be lining up a half hour or so before the stores opened, so as to take advantage of whatever sales happened to be on. There were no roads, instead it was all footpath for the probably hundreds, maybe even thousands of shoppers that could be crowding the high street stores at any given moment. Siobhan's hands fidgeted with each other, the Brit's anxiety causing her breathing to get all the more uneven and heavier with each step of bare foot to pavement that she took towards High Street. Even as she walked right next to City Hall. This was one of the first places she had visited, and taken a photo of herself in front of to send to her family back home. Of course then she was dressed. And not freaking out... and significantly less horny.
"Oh dear oh dear," Siobhan muttered in pure frustration at the universe at placing her in such a situation as her walk turned to a light jog to get to the edge of City Hall, using the building as cover for her nude body for her to get her bearings, standing on her tip toes in the grass next to the building as she peaked her head around. She was hoping for a win for once today. That it wouldn't be too populated. That she could maybeget awaywith this! Siobhan peeked her head around the corner...
And almost cried with relief.
It was empty. The streets completely baron! Not a person in sight! This was exactly what she was hoping for! It must have been even earlier than she thought! The naked Brit had of course been just guessing, using the average time she knew this journey to take to gauge. But as it turned out, one clearly walks a lot faster when unwillingly butt naked and humiliated in public. Who'd have thought? Siobhan's grin was genuine, as the naked Brit brought her arms up once again to cup her perky breasts, and with barely a second to ready herself, stepped out from behind the city hall building, walking on the multicoloured flag stones that made up High Street's impressive street wide footpath.
"Wow, there's the jewellers Robyn called me a snob for wanting to peruse. And Billingtons! Oh, a naked girl perusing the country's highest class clothing store would be heresy in the highest degree!" Siobhan's thoughts were running a mile a minute, significantly faster than her own power walk, at the fact that she was walking through her favourite shopping district with not a stitch of clothing on! Her efforts at trying to calm down the burning arousal plaguing her body earlier were seemingly in vein, as walking naked through such a public place, one so familiar to her, was causing her pussy to drip her honey on to her thighs, a droplet or two even hitting the dried ground beneath her as she walked, her entire body covered in goosebumps and her head fuzzy as she knew she was playing out an exhibitionists fantasy. Well, until recently, that was a title she wouldn't have applied to herself. But given her body's reaction, and the fantasies of High Street at full capacity as she walked through it naked, hundreds looking on at her, it was safe to say, she was in fact an exhibitionist. An unwilling one for sure, but she couldn't argue with the tingling and throbbing of her womanhood.
Her thoughts kept her entertained until around about the middle of the street, where she saw a familiar bench. There were many like it littering the street, but this one was familiar to Siobhan as the first time she had met Robyn, the other blonde having recognised her from their shared class, and striking up conversation. What was once a sentimental spot for the Brit was now turning very rapidly into a devious thought, as she imagine her first meeting with her new best friend, except instead of herself being fully clothed, she was now butt naked, sitting on the bench with Robyn next to her, the two of them enjoying the coffee from the cute little indie store behind the bench...
"SIOBHAN?!"
It was almost as if time froze. Siobhan feeling her body go numb to the stimuli surrounding her, stopping dead in her track, and turning her head, feeling her stomach drop. Exiting the very same coffee shop that she had just been remembering, stood the very girl the naked and horny Brit had just moments ago, made a part of her fantasy. Robyn was standing there, cup of coffee clutched in her hand, wearing the same clothes she had been last night. If Robyn was in any way hungover, it didn't show, as her widened eyes and agape mouth were all that were apparent on her face. Siobhan didn't know whether to feel pure terror or absolute relief at the sight of her best friend, even of the circumstances were less than ideal.
"What happened?! Are you ok?! Why are you still naked? I left your clothes in the dryer!"
Of course the one place she forgot to check would be where her clothes were. Robyn must have retrieved them and washed them for her after the party. But that act of kindness turned out to have doomed the Brit, who was now miles from either Robyn's house or her own, absolutely bare from head to toe in the middle of the city centre! Siobhan opened her mouth to respond to her friend, noticing three more body's behind her, cutting her off before she could get any words out.
"Isn't she the girl who lost at strip poker last night Robyn?" Siobhan faintly recognised the guy who had just spoke as having been at the party last night, the other guy and girl next to him having also been there, cheering the blonde on during their round of shots. Siobhan felt the knot in her stomach tighten, her clit twitching in preparation for a repeat of the earlier dog walking incident. All she could do was gasp in response.
"Go wait in the car would you?!" Robyn snapped at her friends, who walked off in the direction of where Siobhan knew a small car park to be. Robyn approached her friend, fumbling with her own jacket, "Are you streaking? Like on purpose?"
"It's not like that! It was an accident... Oh... oh dear!" Siobhan could feel her legs staring to tremble, the bare Brit grabbing both arms on to her friends shoulders to steady herself, looking right into Robyn's concerned eyes with her own shocked ones, as she gasped again and moaned, "Don't... don't judge me for this!"
"Just you for wha...." Robyn was cut off by another moan from her British best friend, feeling the girl's entire body start spasming as she stood in front of her. Siobhan's hips humped back and forth, as if desperate for stimulation. But only serving to accentuate the fluff of curly hair sitting above her spasming and leaking pussy. Now Robyn had never seen another girl orgasm outside of porn before, but it became obvious to her that this is what was happening to Siobhan, and as he friend gripped her shoulders and trembled, presumably riding out the aftershocks of her climax, Robyn's concerned expression turned to a devious one, an eyebrow raising, and a grin spreading over her face. When it seemed Siobhan was coherent enough to listen to words once again, the ponytailed blonde decided to speak,
"Well... that was one way of answering my question." Robyn let out a small laugh as Siobhan looked up at her, her previously pale face now glowing red as she let go of Robyn, truly embarrassed at having just came in front of her. While holding on to her no less.
"N... no! It was an accident! But I guess... my body..."
"Say no more. I get it! We all get turned on by stuff we shouldn't. I've always wanted a streaker for a friend." Robyn giggled, turned to walk in the direction of the car park.
"Robyn wait!" Siobhan was astounded that her friend was just going to walk away and leave her naked in the city like this. Her friend turned around with a smile.
"Come on Siobhan. You've already gone this far! A little streak the rest of the way won't do you any harm." Siobhan was surprised to feel not just dread building up within her at Robyn's words, but yet more arousal! Oh curse her genes for making her get off on such a shameful act, "But I will help. There's the big parking structure at the end of High Street. If you cut through that, you can take about 15 minutes off your trip. Chao!" With that Robyn resumed walking in the direction of her friends, Siobhan smiling slightly at her friend not only not making such a big deal of things, but actively encouraging her streaking! It had been a weird day indeed!
Deciding not to dally too long, especially with the puddle that she had just left between her legs, Siobhan turned and continued making her way down High Street, her pace a little faster this time, the knowledge that a few stores were indeed open being very apparent to her, as well as her arousal, while still there and growing, not being constantly on the verge of climaxing any longer, thanks to her little display. At a pace just a little slower than a run, Siobhan reached what Robyn had suggested. The parking structure. It was the biggest of it's kind in the country, and if Robyn was correct, would turn the remaining half hour of her streak into a measly 15 minutes. Seeing that the structure was still closed to cars for the next half hour, and that there was still a way for pedestrians to enter, the blonde Brit let out a sigh of relief that something was finally going right for her today.
The change from the bright morning to the parking structure was immediate. Not only was the suns light replaced with obvious artificial lights, that seemed harsher and served to make Siobhan feel more naked, but the sun kissed pavement, warmed up from the exposure, was replaced with the cold concrete, a change immediately apparent on the Brit's bare feet. Siobhan shivered with her first few steps, it taking a few moments for her body to get used to the new temperature, as the blonde looked around. The structure was big, with a pillar every so often that could provide her with some cover were there to be an employee or a security guard on patrol, as well as what looked like hundreds of empty parking spaces, and that was only on this floor. There were a hand full of cars spread out through the building, their owners having obviously left them there long term, perhaps after drinking the night before and calling a taxi home. Still, they were probably having a less eventful morning after than Siobhan herself.
Keeping close to the pillars and the few cars that were inhabiting the structure, Siobhan kept her eyes open, knowing that while the building wasn't open, there was still a good chance of someone happening upon the naked Brit and alerting the authorities. Or worse, the media! The thought of her face plastered across the countries newspapers, as well as the rest of her exposed and uncovered body, send shivers of fear through the blonde, her arousal becoming more apparent again the more she walked into the structure. She knew the other side of the structure exited at a street significantly closer to her house thanks to the sheer size of the building, but that of course meant her journey wasn't a quick one. Taking her time, and being careful, the naked Brit soon found herself at the halfway point, when she heart a noise that made her heart drop.
A car engine, as well as the sounds of gears grinding against each other, a peek over her bare shoulder conforming to her that a car was entering the parking structure, the barrier lifting, confirming that employees must be littering the building too. Siobhan let out a shriek, covering her mouth instantly as it echoed through the building, before moving as quick as she ever had before to the nearest pillar, her body stiff as a board and her hand still covering her mouth as she heard the car driving in, the noise of the engine seeming to get closer and closer, though that was soon drowned out by the sound of her heartbeat in her ear, Siobhan feeling her pussy absolutely throbbing for attention once again, the hand that wasn't covering her mouth coming to her stomach, just above her dark bush, it taking all of the blonde Brit's willpower not to allow her digits to venture any further down. The noise of the engine had stopped, prompting the Brit to investigate the whereabout of her potential voyeurs, peeking her head around the pillar to see if she was just a little screwed, or totally and royally fucked.
"I've got to... I've got to move..." The Brit moaned as silently as she could as she saw two young women, obviously out early for a day of shopping, exiting the vehicle and starting to walk in the direction she had just come from. Siobhan knew she couldn't take her time anymore, with the structure now being open there would be more and more cars coming, until she was surrounded at all angles, with no escape from the hundreds of people surrounding the nude Brit, some pointing and laughing, some recording the ideal to memorialise her humiliation for all time.
"Fuck!" Far more gracefully than the previous two times that day, Siobhan felt her body spasm, pleasure exploding from her lower belly, her sensitivity from having already cum so recently helping to spur on her most recent orgasm, which while significantly shorter in length than the previous two, was more compact, wrecking the girls body with pleasure and spasms, the blonde having to focus all of her remaining energy on standing, meaning she wasn't as apt at controlling the volume of her moans as she should have been.
"Do you hear that? Is someone having a good time in here?" Siobhan could barely make out one of the women addressing the other, her body recovering from the intense orgasm kicking into high gear as she realised she could hear the clickity clack of their high heels against the concrete of the building, moving towards her. In a snap decision herself, Siobhan took off running in the direction of the exit, hearing cheers and gasps come from the two women, drowning out her heavy breathing and the sounds of her bare feet slapping against the concrete flooring. Siobhan didn't dare look back to see if they were following her, knowing her already overstimulated body would take any chance it could get to betray her and set off another humiliating orgasm, an appreciation of it's love for her newfound exhibitionism fetish. Siobhan didn't stop running until she was at the other side of the parking garage, finding the exit and continuing her run into the public once again, the sunlight obstructing her vision for just a second as she readjusted, as she ran to the next street over, finally stopping behind a row of parked cars on the side walk, slumping her body behind them, and catching her breath.
"Oh. Oh my gosh. Oh dear." Siobhan panted, and gulped a few times as she spent a few minutes catching her breath. The combination of the aftershocks of her latest orgasm, and her exhaustion from her streak making her purposefully oblivious to her surroundings. Finally catching her breath and getting to her feet, she was overjoyed to find that her street was just the next one over, and within a matter of minutes she would be home.
"This has been an...interestingmorning..." Siobhan stated to herself as she shuffled into the next street, her hands covering her intimates that had thankfully calmed down their tingling and throbbing with her close proximity to her household. The more the blonde Brit reminisced about her morning adventure, the more comfortable she was becoming with her newfound fetish. Of course, she had essentially been thrown in the deep end with regards to streaking, but the explosive reaction of pleasure her body had with regards to it made it so that she couldn't deny. She enjoyed it overall.
"Let's just hope the next time isn't as extreme..." Siobhan said to herself as she reached her doorstep, fetching the spare key from the potted plant at the gate, and turning it in the chamber to get herself inside. Even she was a little surprised at the smile on her face, and that despite the mornings events, she was indeed considering a "next time."