Author's note:
Dreamers Come Play is an alternate universe. Stories set in it may incorporate touches of magical realism, blurred dreams, and other unexplained phenomenon.
This story could have been in Bondage or Exhibitionist.
Alcohol and cannabis use.
These are fictitious events, by fictitious characters, in a very fictitious universe.
All events depicted are by characters of legal age.
Please consider that fair warning.
This is intended to function as a standalone story. It is also the first posted story in a planned, longer series.
***
Amber was disoriented when she awoke. She felt groggy and hungover.It's daylight and I'm in my bed. No, that's moonlight and it's not my bed, but only it is.She was not wearing her sleeping blindfold - the moonlight shinning into the cottage through the large, plate glass windows had awoken her. She never knew that moonlight could be so bright.I need to put on my blindfold before the sun comes up.
It felt weird to think of the cottage as her place, her private space, her bedroom. The cottage was the professor's place and her bedroom, which she had lived in her whole life, was in her mom's house. But the professor had told her she could decorate it as she liked, and she had moved in. Not just a few traveling items, but things she felt had always made her bedroom hers. And she was spending most of her nights at the cottage. But it was hard to think of the place as her bedroom and her private space. The bed, shower, and kitchen were all in one big room, like a hotel room. But every hotel room she had ever been in had a door on the bathroom. However, if she was taking a shower at her cottage, not only would she be plainly visibe to someone in the kitchen, anyone standing on the patio would be able to clearly see her through the giant glass wall. And if it wasn't for the large hedge, anyone on the campus bike path would get a pretty good view too. The only doors she had was the one on the closet and the one on the small, toilet room that contained nothing more than a toilet and wasn't any bigger than the closet.
It was all weird. Just like it was weird trying to figure out what was a dream and what wasn't.
If Amber had rationally thought it through, there should have been all sorts of clues. Evidence that would tell her where she had been on Saturday. Had she actually spent countless hours hanging from the hay bale hoist and then even more hours tied up in the attic? Or had she spent almost the entire day in her new digs - vaping little hits of cannabis oil from the pen her dad had given her, drinking too much bourbon, reading erotic stories, watching too much porn, and wasting too many hours masturbating? But despite her intense curiosity, she didn't think it through.
She did think about how long and real it felt. Wasn't the passage of time inside a normal dream only a few minutes?
***
"I hope the neighbors don't call the cops." Billy sounded genuinely worred.
You could have put your hand over my mouth. Amber thought in exasperation as she tried to catch her breath. But all she said was, "Let's go up into the attic."
"Let's." He agreed as he unhooked her leg from her necklace and retied her ankles together.
Amber was in a daze as she carefully stepped down the ladder. Her legs felt wobbly, but it was good to walk around and swing her arms.
"Can you put that back." She indicated the ladder.
The lights in the barn were still off. With all the junk lying on the floor, it was really hard for her to move around with her ankles tied, even if only loosely, together.No wonder it took him so long to get the ladder, and how in the heck did he ever find any twine?
He helped her up the steep, wood stairs to the barn attic - staying right behind her in case she tripped and fell. But before she knew it, they were both standing by the heavy, wood table. There was a large piece of foam, like you might use for car camping, lying on the table. In addition, there were cords with loops, tied to each leg of the table. She felt her humiliation rising again as they both looked at the setup. It was painfully obvious what it was for.
As she was standing there, she took off the padded wrist cuffs - the narrow cuffs were still locked around her wrists. With her ankles tied together and her athletic shoes on, she couldn't take off her knee cuffs.
But before she could spend much time worrying about that, Billy had maneuvered her on the table and onto her back, with each of her wrists tied to a leg corner. He untied her ankles and removed her shoes.
After he had pulled each padded knee cuff off, he exclaimed. "Look at your thighs, your socks are soaked! I've never seen a pussy grool like that and believe me, I've seen a lot of pussies."
He held her head up so she could look at her thighs.He's not wrong. Amber sighed to herself.
"Have you ever seen another pussy grool like that." Billy was still holding her head up.
She had thought it a rhetorical comment, but he reached out and pinched her left nipple.
"No." Amber replied, causing Billy to pinch her again.
Amber rolled her eyes. "I've never seen another pussy grool like that."
He put her shoes back on and then tied her ankles up to the same corners her wrists were tied to. She was even more bent back than if he had left the knee cuffs on and tied her knees up by her shoulder. As it was, Amber was left, once again, very exposed and vulnerable in a position of Billy's choosing.
She had expected more teasing. Instead, she was surprised when he pulled his pants and underwear down to his knees and awkwardly clambered on top of her and roughly entered her, pushing down with his weight until he was deep inside of her. Despite being more than ready, she yelped as he stretched her out. She hadn't had many partners. She certainly hadn't had such a big boy before.
When she had watched him at a party, his cock looked really long and narrow. But the girls who had serviced him said he wasn't narrow at all. He was thicker than average, but so long it just looked narrow.
He doesn't feel narrow. No, not all. Amber had to admit. She was glad his width wasn't proportional to his length, as she felt her pussy lips gripping him tightly.
With her ankles tied above her head, it left her legs trapped under his chest. As he bore down, her small body was completely squished under his athletic frame.
It's a good thing I'm YLL (young, lithe, and limber). She groaned to herself. Her mom had come up with the acronym while watching her stretch on the family room floor. Amber was flexible enough that she could cross her ankles behind her neck, although it wasn't something she usually did naked in front of a guy.
For a few strokes, he started out slow. But then suddenly, he frantically rammed into her. He was really penetrating her deeply. Fortunately for Amber, his length was not a problem for her.
Before she knew it, he had come. It had only taken two or three minutes at most.
That wasn't what I was expecting. Amber told herself.Aren't experienced guys supposed to last longer?
Billy laid on top of her for a while, holding his weight up with his forearms so as not to crush her any more than he already had.
"Uh, that's just round one." He announced.
He's embarrassed!Amber thought triumphantly to herself.
Her glee was short lived as suddenly the attic light came on, and she heard the whirl of the hoist motor.
Fuuuuuuck meeeeeeeee------!She wailed to herself.
"Huh, I guess the power's back on." Billy said as he got off her and pulled his pants back up. "I'll be back in a bit." He added.
Wait, wut?Amber asked herself.
"Untie me!" Amber ordered.
"I will." Billy answered. "Eventually."
"Now!" Amber ordered then added more softly. "Please. You promised."
No, I didn't promise anything you silly, stupid girl. Billy thought to himself. You never made me affirmatively agree to your offer.
"You said I could tie you up in the attic, as long as I didn't tell anyone, and I released you when I was done." Billy answered. "I'm not done. I'll be back in an hour or two."
"You bastard!" Amber suddenly screamed at him as she had visions of being left tied with her ankles above her head.
A thick silence descended as they were both left, once again, stunned. To say that was out of character for Amber would be a monumental understatement.
Despite his shock, Billy was actually impressed to see the nastier side that sweet, little Amber had obviously kept surpressed. He had been enamored with her since forever. She was just so cute and fuckable. But Billy didn't respect anyone who didn't stand up for themselves. And standing up for yourself, in his mind meant among other things, being able to fight back. He was about to walk up and untie her, when she spoke up.
"I'm sorry." She stammered. She was worried she had biten the hand that could free her. "I was hanging outside for hours. I can't stay tied up in the same position." She softly added. "Please." With an audible sigh, she continued. "Just leave me tied up loosely, so I can move around and sit on the couch and don't take too long to come back." She demurely looked away.
"Okay." Billy pondered. "What did you have in mind?"
"Bring the hoist and cable inside the barn." Amber replied. "With the lights back on, it would be best to close the attic doors anyway. My necklace is locked on. You can lock the end of the hoist cable to my necklace. The only key to the necklace is the one hanging from it here on my neck. If I'm locked to the cable, I'll still be able to walk around, but I won't be able to go anywhere." When Billy frowned, she added. "The necklace is super strong, really. You can check for yourself, just don't go ripping my neck off."
Billy pulled the cable up by hand and, with a little instruction, got the arm that the hoist motor was attached to inside the attic. He then he closed the attic barn doors and unplugged the motor. Amber didn't want to get strung up by the neck if somehow the motor came back on.
Taking the end of the cable, he threw it up and over one of the roof rafters several times. He took the key off her necklace, and then he locked the cable to her necklace, checking that necklace, cable, and locks were indeed strong and secure.
Amber had thought that the cable might have been long enough for her to get downstairs and find some bolt cutters - not that she was planning on going back on her word, but it would be nice to know she had an emergency exit. But any thoughts of that were gone after Billy wrapped the cable around the roof rafter. She would be able to walk a few feet around, but not very far.
"How do I know your not going to masturbate while I'm gone?" Billy asked.
"Oh Jesus." Amber continued with her uncharacteristic language. "I'm not a sex maniac. What I really need is a break. Look, I promise I won't touch myself." When Billy continued to give her an unsure look, she added. "Come on. Who do you know, less likely to lie than me?"
Billy started to think about it and then realized she was right.
Amber asked for her bookbag and phone, but Billy wasn't having any of it.
"How do I know you won't text somebody to come get you?"
Amber rolled her eyes, again. "Do you really think I want any more people to know?"
"And promise me you won't tell anyone." She ordered. When he didn't respond, she repeated. "I want to hear you say it."
Billy wondered if she was about to expode again, but instead of waiting to find out, he answered. "I promise."
"If I can't have my phone and bookbag, let me have my water bottle." Amber directed. "Also, go downstairs. In the chest nearest the stairs, are some old books. Grab four or five and bring them up. Also, grab the plastic bucket by the chest."
"A bucket?" Billy started to tease, but stopped when he saw her icy stare. He hadn't ever seen a look like that from her either. He pulled her water bottle from the outside pocket of her book bag and gave it to her. As he went down the stairs, he realized too late, instead of teasing 'a bucket?', he should have teased her by making her ask 'please'. Leaving her book bag down stairs, he went back up with the books and bucket she had asked for.
***
Sitting on the couch, Amber took her 'silly rave' costume off. Since the only place she was tied was the cable to her neck, she didn't have any problem sliding her outfit down and pulling it off her legs. Using one of her socks and the water bottle, she tried to clean herself up as best she could. When she had told Billy she needed a break, she had totally meant it. But even though that was only minutes ago, wiping her pussy with a sock started her arousal back up.
You are only getting horny because you promised Billy you wouldn't touch yourself. Amber admonished herself.
Be that as it may, she couldn't get her thoughts off of masturbating. Sitting nude on a couch, with a cable locked to her 'collar', waiting for Billy to come back and fuck her again, might have had something to do with it also. Even though she had watched lots of porn featuring women that were tied up, she had never gotten into women wearing a collar and a dog leash. But she had to admit, it made her feel like somebody else's pet. Not just somebody's, she sighed, Billy's.
Billy, Billy, what to make of Billy, she asked herself? She was still trying to wrap her mind around what had happened.Wow, that self-absorbed, little prick happens to know a thing or two. He got me extremely excited playing with my body and made me come really hard. Amber laughed as she thought again about how quickly he had come and how embarrassed he had been by it. She knew it wasn't quite right to make fun of someone's shortcoming. But he hadn't had any compunction about making her feel embarrassed. She saw no reason to spare him his blushes.
In addition to Billy, Billy, what to make of Billy, she also wondered, Amber, Amber, what to make of herself?
Being outside where somebody could come along had added an exciting edge. But she had never imagined it actually happening.What was she thinking?And then to have the power come on when it did. Instead of calling out to Billy, she could have just waited another hour or so. Or had somebody - James?, Cindy? - turned the power off and then back on? But surely, neither of them would have sent Billy as her savoir.Would they?Besides, if Billy was in on the setup, he was a good actor. He hadn't even looked over as he first rode through the clearing and he sure looked shocked to find her hanging nude on display.
Why had she come up with that long stream? She softly repeated it. "I'm a horny, wet, embarrassed humiliated, silly fantasy rave, bondage slut, stupid girl that tied herself open pussy and was molested, I mean rescued, by the first pervert, I mean good samaritan, that came by."
I can believe that Billy made me denigrate myself, but I came up with every one of those unprompted. I can't believe I did that. With Billy of all people. Amber shook her head at herself.Did I want to be denigrated? Or was I just trying too hard to please him?
She felt her head spinning again as she went over and over in her mind what had happened. Having to yell out. Billy riding up and seeing her. Billy playing with immobilized body. The long, embarrassing phrase she came up with. The mini-orasm with his finger up her butt. The powerful orgasm when he rubbed her clit.And he was still wearing all his clothes!The short rough sex when he tied her on the table.
Amber knew she sometimes tried too hard to please people. It was something she was working on. Not letting people walk all over her. It was no small part of the reason, she had refused to be social with Billy.
But all things considered, wasn't keeping Billy happy a good strategy?Amber tried to convince herself. Tried to convince herself, it was Billy's malign influence combined with her desperation. It wasn't just good natured banter.She hadn't actually enjoyed playing that game.
Although she had to admit, Billy hadn't been as mean as he could have been. As mean as she was expecting. She had expected him to make her call herself the "c" word. Amber didn't have a problem referring to her pussy - at least when she was talking to herself - vagina was just too medical for erotic situations. But the "c" word... She didn't even want to finish the thought.
He hadn't even made her beg him to fuck her. In fact, he hadn't really made any demands or threats. She had offered to make it worth his while if he helped her out. He had asked if that meant he could fuck her. But wasn't it really better of him to make her clarify that instead of just jumping to an assumption? And it had been what she had meant. When he asked if he 'could fuck her brains out', she had responded 'yes'.
She had begged him while he was toying with her, but he hadn't demanded she do so. Nothing really outside of playfully making her say 'please'. She had gone along with everything up until she had had enough of describing herself. He didn't complain when she quit. In fact, when she had finally spoken up and directly asked him to rub her clit until she came, he shut up and did just that.
Amber was getting annoyed she couldn't come up with a better reason to be mad at Billy, so she let herself get distracted again by her promise not to play with herself. Her pussy was 'leaking' again. She was making wet spots on the blanket she used as a couch cover and would have to laundry it again.
When did my pussy turn into such a gushing fire hydrant?Amber asked herself. Although she pretty much knew the answer. Last summer her nipples had been completely puffy. But now they were large, erect pencil erasers. And they were way more sensitive. All the other changes had happened around the same time - becoming more ticklish and a pussy that could swell up and make her socks wet from the top of her thighs to almost her knees.That just isn't right. Amber told herself. She knew that 'peoples bodies varied', but still... If there were other woman with such a prodigious production of lubrication - and she very much meant lubrication and not squirting urine -why hadn't she ever read about it or seen it in a porn video?
'You love anal sex'. Those words of Billy were really haunting her. The more she had thought about it the more she had to admit she had had an orgasm while squirming her butthole on his finger.
But what might have really haunted her - the elephant in the room she wouldn't look at - what if she had a chance to do it over? If she had known the electricity was going to take only another hour or so. But if she also knew how excited and how hard Billy was going to make her come - the only thing that had ever compared to that was the frat after-party.Would she have still called out to him?
***
Without her phone, she didn't know how long Billy was gone. However, it had gotten dark outside, and she had managed to halfheartedly read a couple of chapters from one of the books - another of her granddad's books on WWII history. She heard the downstairs barn door open, and a few minutes later Billy showed up at the top of the stairs.
He had her bookbag in his hand. "Did you miss me?" He had a broad grin as he walked over and took off his own book bag and set both packs down on the table.
She looked at him with mixed feelings and wondered if he had been drinking. She was still irritated and annoyed with him, but she had also been in a continuous state of low sexual arousal since he left. She didn't exactly want to be his plaything, but the waiting had been hard, and she had been a bit anxious for him to return. It was like the first time when she knew she was about to lose her virginity. She was excited, scared, and embarrassed all at the same time, knowing that he was not only going to come back and fuck her, but that he was going to play with her tied up body and then fuck her. Her stomach had been in a knot with dread and anticipation.
He walked over to the couch and held out his hands to help her stand up. "You took off your outfit." He noted sadly. "Your foxtail just isn't going to look the same without the rest of the outfit."
Had be brought a tail? Did he really have a foxtail on hand?Amber wondered.
Once she was standing, he spun her around, so she was facing away from him. She felt him fumbling at her neck, and then he locked both her wrists behind her head to the back of her necklace. She was no longer locked to the cable hoist, but her hands were tied behind her neck with her elbows sticking out.
She could smell that he had been drinking.
"Did you miss me?" He said again, this time leaning into her to whisper in her ear as he reached around and slapped his right hand into her crotch making her jump.
"It sure feels like you missed me." He said as he felt her wetness by sawing a finger between her lips.
Her low sexual arousal had jumped up a notch as soon as she heard him enter the barn and started thinking about what was coming next.
She was not at all surprised when he reached around with his left hand and pinched her left nipple.
She rolled her eyes in an exaggerated manner. "Yes dear, I missed you terribly." She said with as much sarcasm as she could muster.
Evidently that was not what he was expecting, as it caused him to stand there silently for a moment.
"Well, in that case, sweetie" - he finally anwered - "we should celebrate."
He removed his hands and then positioned a wooden chair next to the table. Grabbing one of her elbows, he escorted her over to the chair, and then he sat down first. Afterwards, he guided her down until she was straddling his lap facing into him.
He wrapped his arms around her waist and hugged her in tight, until her crotch was smashed up against his crotch.
"Did you miss me?" She said sweetly as she could feel his erection. "It sure feels like you missed me." She rocked her hips slightly in order to lightly grind against his cock.
He must have been caught off guard again as he hesitated before answering. "Yes dear, I really missed your horny, tight, wet pussy wrapped around my giant cock. Something fierce I missed it."
As Amber grinned, Billy reached up and touched her cheek. "I really missed your dimples and the way you blush when you grin like that. And what I really, really missed are the cute little sounds you make when I finger fuck your pussy..." He let that hang a moment before continuing. "But we are getting ahead of ourselves. First, a celebration."
Grabbing her hips again, he wriggled her body back so she was no longer pressed up so tight against him. With more room to operate, he unzipped his pack that was lying on the table and pulled a small, kid-sized, plastic cup out of his pack along with a two liter bottle of soda and a bottle of whiskey.
She eyed the cheap brand of Kentucky bourbon. "I see you're breaking out the good stuff." She said using her sweet, girly voice. She didn't think she could win a 15 round competition of smack talk against Billy. Nevertheless, she had spent her time on the couch telling herself she was going to land punches where and when she could.
"Only the finest bourbon for m'lady, aged at least three months in a reused wine barrel." He responded, this time without missing a beat.
She knew, from her dad's love of whiskey, anything labeled straight bourbon had to be aged at least two years, and he had it backwards. Wine could be aged in a former bourbon barrel, but bourbon was only put into brand new barrels.
She tried to think of a cutting remark to show her superior knowledge of whiskey, but the moment passed before she could come up with anything.
She wasn't sure she wanted to get drunk with him, but a drink sounded appealling, really appealling. She knew it would smooth over her nerves and help release that nagging knot in her stomach. It would make it easier to talk to him and to put up with whatever he did next. Talking to him outside the barn had been so agonizing - as had been replaying the days events over and over again in her mind ever since he had left.
I need a drink. Amber admited to herself.
He poured a small amount of bourbon into the cup and then added some soda. With the cup still on the table, he held it in his right hand as he put his left hand over the top of the cup.
"Ready?" He asked as he looked at her, and she timidly nodded yes. "Wait." He said as he took his hands away from the cup. "First a toast."
He wrapped his left arm around her lower back to support her as he spread his legs apart causing her legs to spread even more and exposing her pussy. Reaching around behind her, he put his right finger at the top of her butt crack. He ran his finger down her crack and lightly brushed over her asshole. He used the long length of his arm, as his finger continued forward and then it plunged into her wet pussy.
Amber jumped at the sudden invasion. She didn't realize he would be able to reach that far around and, anyway, didn't think he was going to move on, yet, from the gentle teasing.
"To the wettest pussy, by far, that I've ever had the pleasure." He said as he briefly finger fucked her and then pulled his finger out.
He held it up to her face and waited for her to pucker her lips before he slid it into her mouth. She was really embarrassed about her wet pussy. Yes, she was really embarrassed to have to call out to him when she was hanging naked outside of the barn. And she was embarrased that he played and toyed with her before fucking her and leaving her tied naked - worse than naked if you consider the rave costume - so he could come back at his leisure to play, toy, and fuck again.
But she was embarrassed this time because she believed him. Although he was a known liar, she had no doubt that he had seen a lot of pussies, and he had never seen one as wet as hers. She had also watched a lot of porn and hadn't seen one like hers either.
Using the finger that was still in her mouth, he tilted her head back and then pulled his finger out. Putting his hands back on the cup he commanded. "Say the toast."
Keeping her head tilted back, she repeated using her dreamy voice. "To the wettest pussy, by far, that you've ever had the pleasure."
"Open up wide." He said as he lifted the cup up and then slammed it down on the wood table. He then poured the cup into her waiting mouth, trickling a little bit (intentionally?) onto her chin.
Amber closed her mouth and swallowed the fizzy liquid. The 'whiskey popper' - slamming the drink on the table to make it foam up - really did hide the burn of the cheap liquor as it went down her throat. But although it was only a small amount of bourbon, she hadn't eaten in a long time. She could feel the alcohol as it hit her stomach.
"Too bad we can't drink at the same time." Billy snarked as he poured a second cup. Slamming the cup down he toasted. "To the wettest pussy, by far, that I've ever had the pleasure." And then he downed his whiskey popper.
He prepared the cup again and looked at her. "I've got the biggest cock, you've ever wrapped your pussy lips around" - he waited a moment and added - "don't I."
What an egotistical, arrogant prick. Amber thought as her irritation surged back. But she couldn't deny it. It was true. And she wasn't able to lie about it either.
When she hesitated, she thought he was going to pinch her nipple again. But he waited until she finally gave a small nod yes.
"A toast, to the biggest cock, you've ever wrapped your pussy lips around!" He shouted.
He lifted the cup and looked at her expectantly.
She did an extremely exaggerated eye roll and groaned. "To the biggest cock, I've ever wrapped my pussy lips around." She tilted her head back and opened her mouth.
When he again dribbled part of the drink on her chin, she knew he was doing it on purpose.
He refilled the cup and drank 'to my cock, the biggest you've ever wrapped your pussy lips around'.
Filling the cup back up, he shouted out. "To the tightest pussy that's ever been wrapped around my mammoth cock."
Amber flinched at this one. She couldn't argue when he talked about her wettest pussy.But tightest pussy? I'm not a virgin and I know of two girls for sure that lost their virginity to him.
She guessed it was a compliment - certainly better than to the loosest pussy he had ever had. But it didn't exactly feel like a compliment. Although maybe her 'special exercises' were paying off.
"To my pussy, the tightest that's ever been wrapped around your mammoth cock." She repeated and drank up, minus the bit he trickled on her chin.
"To the tightest pussy that's ever been wrapped around my mammoth cock." He also drank up.
He picked up the bourbon bottle and started to tip it toward the cup, but then stopped and set it down. "HHhhhmmm, I wonder." He said in a slow, thoughtful voice. "I'm happy to bear the expense of Kentucky's finest, in order to bestow cheer on this solemn ceremony. No reason, however, for us to be blessed only by my choice of mind altering intoxicant." He picked Amber's book bag up from the table. "Shall we see what goodies you've brought to the festivities?" He said mischievously.
Amber was too stunned to say anything, as he opened up her bag, reached in, and pulled her vape pen out. Her vape pen was disguised as a yellow highlighter marker, and it had been concealed in an inside, zip pocket. It was clear he had already gone through her bag carefully. She was mortified by the implications.
"What have we here?" He said delightfully as he pulled off the cap and revealed the true nature of the pen. "Amber, Amber, you've been holding out on me." He twirled the pen around in his fingers. "Who knew my fuckable, horny, wet, bondage slut is also a pothead." He narrowed his eyes and lowered his voice. "Does mommy and daddy know you're a drug addict?"
Actually, her parents did. They had given her, and her siblings, small amounts of wine growing up. And although they outwardly appeared straight laced, they had introduced her to cannabis when she was a teenager. They had told her they would rather she experiment for the first time in her bedroom than at a party with 'overly aggressive boys' to use her mother's euphemism. The vape pen had come from her dad. He had lately been vaping more in an effort to drink less. But they had also made her promise not to tell anyone, including her friends that her parents smoked or had given her pot. If you ever do get caught, say your oldest brother gave it to you, they suggested. She had trembled at the thought of framing her brother, but he had assured her he would be happy to cover for their parents.
Amber squirmed and shrugged her shoulders helplessly. She really wasn't good at lying, even in a situation like this where a lie seemed far more forgivable than breaking her promise to her parents. But fortunately, he misread her discomfort.
"Hehe." Billy snickered. "I guess what they don't know won't hurt them." He paused in thought then added. "What about your classmates. Do your friends know?" She had always appeared to him as a 'never-do-wrong, little princess'. He was both surprised to find out she smoked, and that he had never heard rumours about it.
She shook her head no. "Please don't tell anyone." She whispered.
"Don't tell anyone?" He raised an eyebrow as he asked.
She was about to beg him again, when she felt a surge of anger. She also knew that he had found more than her vape pen in her bookbag. The alcohol in her blood - or at least the smell and the act of drinking - had already lowered her inhibitions. Looking down, she suddenly rocked forward and headbutted him in the face.
"You're a bastard for going through my bookbag - you had no right to do that!" She yelled at him.
Billy held out his left arm - perhaps to protect himself from another strike - as he felt his nose with his right hand.
Amber looked with alarm and shock at the blood trickling out of his nose and down his lip. She had hit him harder than she intended and was scared for what might come next.
But Billy just pulled his hand away, looked at his bloody fingers, and calmly said. "It's not broken, better luck next time."
He pulled off his t-shirt and held it to his nose to stop the bleeding. "Guilty, I suppose. Can we call that even?" He looked questioningly at her, waiting for a response, as he felt himself falling in love.
Amber gave a big sigh of relief. "Promise me. Promise you won't tell anyone what we did or what you learned. That you will make a good faith effort to keep this secret."
"And what do I get in return?" He asked a bit plaintively.
Amber jerked in frustration. "You already promised me!" She didn't keep all of the exasperation out of her voice. "I just want to hear you say it again. I want to make sure we are clear that it covers everything and you won't attempt to twist my words around."
"Besides..." She said slyly as she partly stood up and wriggled forward until she could push her crotch back into his. Bitting her lower lip she continued in a pitiful voice. "Isn't having the prettiest girl in school sit naked on your lap with her hands tied behind her neck, knowing you can toy and" - she hesitated as she gathered her courage - "fuck her as you like, enough?" She turned her face slightly down and away, and looked at him with the corner of her eye as she batted her lashes.
He stared back with a blank face.
"Fine." She said as she took a deep breath. "Promise me first, then tell me what you want in return."
She could see that his left eye was probably going to swell up. He had turned his face far enough that she had caught him on the side of his nose and his upper cheek bone.
"I promise." He answered and then grew silent for a while.
"In return, what I want in return." He started out hesitantly. "I want to have the time of my life. Tonight, here with you. And I want you to have the time of your life, also." He had switched to speaking fast. "I want it to be special. The two of us, just the two of us. Something we look back..." He suddenly stopped, laughed nervously, and then finally chuckled. "Or at least, I want you to promise to make a good faith effort to go with the flow and have a great time also."
It was Amber's turn to stare back with a blank face.Oh crap no, please god don't tell me he just declared his love for me. Amber winced.Maybe he's drunker than I realized.
"I promise I will try, but..." Amber answered barely above a whipser. He looked at her waiting for her to finish.
"Don't be mean or crude." She said softly looking away.
He thought about it for a moment - "great!" - he then declared with a bigger smile than she had seen before. "We need a toast to my little temper, tantrum darling."
He pulled some tissues out of his pack and stuffed them up the side of his nose. He then took a small hit from the vape pen to make it turn on. "I think a 'Ping and Pong' to my little temper, tantrum darling, will do nicely. Take some deep breaths." He commanded as he also started breathing deeply.
After thirty seconds or so, he announced. "We're going to toast together on the count of three and you're Ping."
"One, two, three" - he counted and then they said, mostly, in unison - "to my/your little temper, tantrum darling."
Amber exhaled deeply, and then Billy held the pen up for. She started slowly inhaling on the pen, wondering how deeply to go. She smoked on a weekly basis, but was by no means a pot fiend. And she usually took several small hits instead of one or two big hits. Super big hits could still cause her to cough. Something she really didn't want to do at the moment.
After drawing half her breath, she opened up the corners of her mouth so she was drawing more outside air than air through the pen. When she had inhaled as far as she thought wise, she pulled her head back. He set the pen down and pulled her into a tight hug as he exhaled. Leaning slightly forward so she could lock mouths, she slowly exhaled as he inhaled the hit from her. When her lungs were empty, she broke off the kiss and took a couple of quick, small breaths before exhaling and locking mouths to inhale the hit back.
After several cycles, Amber broke off the kiss for good. She felt dizzy. She wasn't really getting enough oxygen. The cannabis was getting to her. And, she had to admit, the intimacy of the experience had gotten to her as well.
"That was" - he paused for effect - "really nice."
"We should do that again." He continued. "But this time using the finest rotgut produced south of the Mason Dixon line." He poured a generous amount of bourbon into the plastic cup.
"On the count of three, to the horny, wet, bondage slut." He instructed.
After they toasted in unison, she tilted her head back and let him pour the bourbon into her mouth. There was so much she could barely hold it all in. She stood up as he set the cup down on the table. She waited for him to grab her on either side of her rib cage, and then she leaned over top of him so she could kiss him and let most of the bourbon trickle into his mouth. She swallowed a bit of the bourbon as she sat back down on his lap.
Although standing he would tower over her, with her sitting on his lap it was hard for him to get his face over top of hers. He leaned her to the side to get her lower. However, she felt that as much bourbon ran down her chin as wound up in her mouth. Standing up, she could feel it trickling down her neck. The next time she received it back, they did much better, but by that time there wasn't much left to exchange.
"We should really do this more often." Billy said brightly.
There wasn't even any snark in that. Amber was initially pleased at the thought, but then worried by what that might mean - his comment and her initial reaction.
"Although it does look like there's been some spillage." He put an arm behind her lower back and then pushed her shoulders back until she was looking up at the ceiling. Leaning forward, he tried licking her neck and between her boobs where the bourbon had run down.
"Maybe we should try another traditional toast." He mused outloud and then poured bourbon and soda into the cup. "Your turn, eh." He put his hand over the cup and looked expectantly at her.
It took a while, both for Amber to realize that Billy was waiting for her to come up with a toast and then to think something up. "To the most charming and witty, self absorbed prick, that I've ever toasted while tied up naked." She said sweetly. She didn't want to wind him back up, but she wanted to cool any thoughts of future romance he might have.
He gave her a quizzical look, before shrugging and slamming the cup down. When he said the toast, it sounded to Amber that he was over-the-top pompous and proud.
Her poured the next round. "To the horny, wet, fantasy rave, bondage slut." He instructed.
Amber shivered as she realized where that was going, but she dutifully repeated the toast before receiving the fizzy drink.
After he had drank his toast, he held up the pen and instructed. "To the horny, wet, silly, fantasy rave, bondage slut."
After she had repeated the toast, he held the vape pen up for. He gave no indication of wanting another Ping and Pong so, after holding it in for a little while, she exhaled. He repeated the toast again and took his own hit.
He poured another cup. "Go ahead..." He waited expectantly.
When she realized he wasn't going to give further directions, she quietly sighed. "To the horny, wet, embarrassed humiliated, silly, fantasy rave, bondage slut." She leaned back with open mouth waiting for her drink.
After he finished, he said. "I think the next two deserve a Ping and Pong. Deep breaths."
Without further ado, he slowly counted. "One, two, three."
"To the horny, wet, embarrassed humiliated, silly fantasy rave, bondage slut, stupid girl that tied herself open pussy." They said in unison, and Amber took another big hit and then waited while Billy set the pen down. After he had deeply exhaled, Amber locked mouths and started the Ping and Pong.
Amber felt she was really spinning now, what with the cannabis and the alcohol on the empty stomach.
"Lets make the last one count." He said.
Instead of pouring bourbon into the cup, he just picked up the bottle. "One, two, three."
"To the horny, wet, embarrassed humiliated, silly fantasy rave, bondage slut, stupid girl that tied herself open pussy and was molested, I mean rescued, by the first pervert, I mean good samaritan, that came by." They said together. After she had tilted her head back and opened up, Billy poured the bottle directly into her mouth until it started running out the corners of her mouth and down her neck again.
When he finally stopped, Amber closed her mouth trying to keep as much in as possible. Standing part way up, she waited for him to set the bottle down and grab her rib cage. Leaning over him, she made as if to kiss him, but then poured the entire contents of her mouth on his chin and down his neck.
"Oops." She giggled. "I'm a little uncoordinated at the moment." She intentionally slurred.
"Hmmph." He responded.
"Sorry about that." Amber said with feigned sincerity. Getting another 'hmmph' from Billy.
Amber started giggling uncontrollably. She wasn't usually prone to uncontrolled giggling attacks, but the alcohol and pot were working their magic. All the stress she had been under since the power had gone out, was lifting. She felt so happy about pouring the bourbon down his neck and chest. She was happy he was in a happy - dare she say even romatic? - mood. And she was even looking forward to the sexual teasing she was sure was coming her way.
When she had regained her composure, she took another deep breath to settle herself. "And sorry for giving you a bloody nose and black eye." She said, but this time without sarcasm.
"Don't be." He quickly responded. "Really, don't be." He said more softly. "Although coach is going to be pissed if he thinks I've been in another fight..."
"Speaking of which" - he continued in a polite voice - "since I've paid my dues to society, may I violate the sanctity of your book bag again without fear of being pummeled?"
Amber gulped and felt shame wash over her - her ears started ringing again. "Okay." She squeaked. If she had been sober, she might have said 'no'. But the cannabis lowered her inhibitions even more than the alcohol did.
Reaching into her pack, Billy fished around and then pulled out a white vibrator and held it up. It was six inches long and was a straight cylinder that was two inches in diameter at the base tapering down to only an inch in diameter at the tip.
"Rather small, isn't it." Billy said rhetorically. "Although maybe a convenient size to stick up your ass while you're riding my humongous cock."
Twisting it back and forth between their faces, he continued. "If this is what you think's the right size, I bet you felt like somebody had stuck their arm in you up to their elbow and was fist fucking you like crazy, when I was ramming my cockasaurus-rex into that tight little pussy of yours."
Amber turned her face away.There he goes again with the size of his cock. She thought. But she had felt like she was being stretched when he had so roughly entered her. She also occasionally watched fisting videos. With even more horrified fascination than she felt when watching anal videos.
Being small didn't seem to matter either. She was just as likely to use her fingers in her opening and use the tip of the vibrator on her clit, anyway. But even when she inserted it, her pussy didn't have a problem gripping it tight.And I'm not going to carry a large, rabbit vibrator in my book bag and have it be really loud if I'm using it in a public restroom...
"You like to masturbate." When he didn't get a response, he cleared this throat.
"Yes." Amber said softly.
"Ahem." He cleared his throat again.
She looked back at him. "I love to stick a vibrator in my pussy and rub my clit until I come." Amber said in her dreamy, girly voice. The cannabis and alcohol had really loosened her tongue and overcome her usual, shy inhibitions.
"Hhmm." Billy opened his eyes wide in pleasant surprise.
"Why do you carry a vibrator with you." He asked.
Amber looked away again and lowered her eyes. Even being drunk and stoned, she felt her stomach knotting up with mortification and the blood rushing to her face.
"Why do you have a vibrator in your school book bag." He asked again.
Her head was spinning.Exactly. Amber thought in anguish. Just as she had thought her dripping, wet pussy was more embarrassing than having to call out to him when she was hanging naked outside of the barn. As, or more, embarrassing than when he had played and toyed with her before fucking her and leaving her tied naked - worse than naked if you consider the rave costume - so he could come back at his leisure to play, toy, and fuck again.
She was even more embarrassed to have him pull a vibrator out of her book bag. She had seen girls give Billy blowjobs at parties. But she hadn't ever heard any of those girls admit to masturbating. During intimate sleepovers, Sally might admit to 'touching herself'. But that was pretty casual compared to admiting you had bought a vibrator.
And even if masturbating was something that all the guys, and most of the girls, did - they did at home in their bedroom. If a male friend, James for instance, had stumbled across one of her vibrators lying on the nightstand next to her bed in the cottage, she could grin and shrug.As if you haven't ever masturbated?But it wasn't lying next to her bed, it was in her school book bag. And she routinely carried it to school.
If she had been thinking clearly, she might have realized that just because something was in her book bag over the weekend didn't mean it was with her during the school week. But the alcohol and cannabis put paid to any chance she might have had for clear thought. She was so bad at lying, it probably wouldn't have mattered anyway.
"Ahem." He cleared his throat.
"So I can play with myself on the go." Amber answered softly.
"Because you can't get enough masturbaton in at home or because it makes you wet to diddle yourself in public."
"Both." She answered softly. Thankful when she realized he was letting her get away with a one word answer.
"And you take it to school?"
"Yes."
"And use it during the school day?"
"Yes."
"When was the last time you used it at school?"
"Last Friday over lunch." Her voice was still soft, but she wanted to scream. 'I pump my pussy and rub my clit during lunch break until, hopefully, I have an intense orgasm. So when I sit in the front row of my after lunch class, wearing a skirt with no panties with my legs spread wide open, and my science teacher staring at my crotch, my pussy doesn't leak as much all over the place'.
But she stayed quiet. Later, she was to be really happy about that.
"How often do you masturbate?"
Amber hesitated on this one. It varied, but she was mortified to admit how often it was. "I try to limit it to three times a day." She said apologetically in her sweet, girly voice.
"Nice one." He laughed, clearly thinking she was joking.
She was relieved when he didn't follow up on that.
"Your pussy is really gushing." She thought his comment sounded rhetorical so she took a chance and stayed quiet. "It makes you really wet to talk about this."
"Stand up." He said as he grabbed her hips and helped her to her feet. "Look at my jeans." He directed. "It looks like I've pissed my pants."
Amber looked down at the wet spot on his crotch and the top of his upper legs. "You should work on holding your liquor." She giggled. It did look like he had pissed his pants. Some of it may have been from the bourbon she poured down his chin, neck, and chest. But she knew only too well where most of it had come from.
Ignoring her response, he continued. "How come your pussy is so much wetter than other girls?" This time it sounded like a question - as did the look on his face.
Amber bit her lower lip and looked away. "I don't know." She mumbled. But looking back at him, she dropped into her dreamy voice. "I guess my pussy's just special."
Billy looked at her silently for a long moment and then burst out laughing. "My god it is!"
Amber couldn't resist joining in. When a tear started to trickle from her eye, Billy pulled her head down close and used his tongue to wipe it off her cheek and then gave her a gentle kiss on the center of her forehead.
When he leaned back, Amber burst into a smile as she spied a sparkle on his lip from the glitter on her forehead.