Jo was quiet. She hadn't let go of my hand the entire trip home from the airport. I knew she was thinking. She had called Scott before we boarded the plane and he'd said he was fine and wished us a safe return. I wondered if our little bubble was bursting or if she was preparing herself to see him again, or both. I thought back to several years ago and even though he'd gone a little soft due to being a boardroom buckaroo riding a leather chair for long periods with less and less hard hat time in the field, he was still in good shape. I could see what Jo saw in him when they met. I knew that Jo and I would never share that new relationship feeling since we'd been friends for so long. I knew there were things for us to both discover about each other but it would likely more be that she liked relish on a hot dog or the designated hitter rule in baseball.
"Are you okay?" She asked.
"Me? I'm fine." I glanced at her with a smile on my face. "Are you?" The tone of my voice caused her eyes to open a little wider.
"Yea. Shouldn't I be?" She sounded a bit defensive.
I held her hand up. "I don't know but you've had a hell of a grip on me for the last twenty miles."
"Sorry." She tried to let go of my hand but I wouldn't let hers go.
"I'm not complaining. I'm curious about what's on your mind."
She looked out at the road ahead of us and took a deep breath letting it out slowly. "I'm scared. Is he going to look worse. How much longer does he have, to do... everything."
"We've only been gone five days."
"I know but I know seeing him is going to give me a shock."
"Because of his condition or because of..."
"Bobby, just please, don't share any of it. I know how boys talk."
"Yea it's different when we're talking about the same girl. I promised you that what happened between us was up to you to disclose if you wanted to. Trust me, I understand how weird it sounds discussing your new sex life with your husband." Jo let out a nervous chuckle at that and kissed the back of my hand and resettled it on the armrest between us.
"You're telling me? Oh hi honey, I just drove our friend Bobby crazy for a few days and then we fucked like rabbits all weekend. How was the lasagna I left for you?" She said. Her mocking tone made me laugh.
"Picture that conversation between he and I in the locker room at the country club. Damn Scott, you never told me your wife could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch." I said laughing. "I'd leave with my four wood shoved up my ass, and my putter wrapped around my neck."
"Uh huh, and that's what I want to avoid. He's very open to the whole idea right now but I worry that at some point resentment is going creep in, possibly as his condition worsens. I just don't want to come to the same end as Guinevere." She said, with a rueful smile.
"I can't picture you in a nun's habit. Even less so after this weekend." I laughed. She let go of my hand and hit me in the gut then laughed herself.
"I mean I don't want to lose both of you in all this."
I squeezed her hand. "Not going to happen."
"You're going to be my rock through this." She looked over at me. I just nodded. The rest of the ride to their home was quiet.
I pulled into the drive and there was another car in the space next to where I usually parked. We gathered Jo's luggage from the trunk and she opened the door. A bark and jingling tags greeted us in the form of Maggie. She danced and wagged and Jo was smiling as she gave her the attention she was looking for.
"Come on let's go find everyone."
We found Scott in his office typing away on his computer.
"Hey you two." He said with a wan smile. "How was your trip?"
"It was great." Jo replied as she walked around the desk and pushed him back from the desk for a hug and kiss. "Lovely city, bigger than I thought, a lot bigger than Pittsburgh."
"Not quite as big as Houston though." He smiled as she settled gently across his lap in the over-sized chair. "Get any shopping done?"
"Yes, I bought you a business jet for the bargain price of thirteen point eight million US dollars."
"Aw shucks, thank you." He gave her a kiss. "I hope you got something for yourself." He asked glancing up at me. "How about you?"
"I had a good time too. Got to fly the demo up to Quebec City and back. I didn't want to frighten Jo but I nailed the landing when we got back to Montreal."
She put her hand over her heart. "Lord! It's a wonder we didn't bounce."
"Sure you're safe over there where I can't take you over my knee."
"By all means. I've been wanting to for years." Scott opened his arms releasing her.
She acted shocked that he'd betray her like that and gave him a little smack on the chest.
"You'll get yours later." She growled at him.
"Promises, promises."
A woman stopped in the doorway. "Welcome home Mrs. Meadows. I put a fresh pot of coffee on for you folks."
"That sounds great, thank you. I'll be right back." Jo leapt up and left the room.
Scott looked at me like only he could, cutting through the bullshit. "Have a good time?"
I nodded. "Great time." I replied and offered no further information. The expression I got in return was patient but expectant. I let out a sigh. "Listen, I just think things will work better if we aren't completely open. There has to be some space that's... I don't know, personal?" After a pause I added, "Talk to Jo, she may be more open between the two of you."
He nodded and looked down. "How are you two getting along? Generally speaking. If I may ask."
"Great, nothing has changed since last week. Found out she's not a fan of liver." I said with a chuckle.
"She doesn't know what she's missing." He smiled.
Jo walked in with a tray a moment later and pushed aside papers on the desk as she set it down. "What am I missing?"
"Liver." I said with a grin.
She grimaced. "I had no idea what that spread was, it looked like tapenade."
"The pie, now that would be worth another trip north for though." She turned to Scott to explain the taste of the maple sugar pie.
"Sounds like a diabetics worst nightmare."
"It is." I added with a laugh. Jo added a few more anecdotes and peeked toward the doorway to make sure the nurse wasn't passing by.
"I owe one of the look-books to Matt our personal valet." She grinned.
"I don't know why, he had plenty of looks while we were there." I said grinning.
"Did you torture the poor guy?" Scott asked her with a grin.
She turned serious. "I wouldn't call it torture."
"At one point, he practically walked into the door forgetting to open it first."
"Only once? I'm losing my touch." She giggled.
"That was after I got him to close his mouth and stop staring. I never thought I'd have to wave a tip in front of a room service guy more than once to get him to grab it."
"I told you he would be putty in my hands when we asked him about the tripod." She winked at me.
"I think he would have donated a kidney to you by that point." She went on to explain how she'd teased poor Matt into a froth before we left the hotel.
"Damn I can't wait to see those pictures." Scott was sincere as he wriggled gently under Jo who went to stand and he wrapped his arm around her to keep her in place.
"Stay for dinner. I'm guessing your fridge is probably empty." Jo said as she climbed off her husband's lap. "Let me grab my laptop and you can see the new shots." She grabbed his shoulder as she went out to the foyer.
Jo set it on the desk and turned it on.
"Did you really enjoy your trip?" Scott asked her.
"I did, more than I expected to." She smiled and looked up at me embarrassed. "I mean I expected to be bored while Bobby was working." She looked at Scott who had a smirk on his face.
"Listen." She turned and leaned against the desk. She took a deep breath and let it out. "If this is going to happen the way you had it worked out in your head I hate to disappoint. When it comes to private time between us, it needs to stay that way."
Scott opened his mouth about to speak and closed it and gave her a nod.
"Sweety it's not that there's anything sinister going on. It's just that, I mean there's here," she pointed back and forth between herself and Scott, "stuff that I don't share with Bobby."
"I understand. I do. I'm sorry." Scott reached out and took her hand.
Jo sighed again. "This was your idea and now we're all in the middle of it. We can't let it get weird now."
"Now?!" I interjected, and they both started laughing.
She turned to look over her shoulder at me. "It's like you said. There can't be any jealous bullshit here. I already feel like I'm being pulled apart and you said there's no conflict, you're not fighting over a girl in college here. I don't think I could take that at this point."
I nodded. "I did say that."
"So you need to cool it with hinting around for a play-by-play. I can't control what the two of you talk about when I'm not around but please respect me. I don't want anybody hurt, least of all me." She added with a nervous laugh.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. The reality of it is a little more than I had expected." Scott said, with a nod.
"Funny, I don't want to speak for Jo, but I thought you were out of your fucking mind."
Jo laughed. "No, I think that hits the nail squarely on the head."
Scott smiled. "Yea well you tend to think that you can handle things pretty easily, until those things go from concept to reality."
"Should we..." I stopped myself as Scott waved off the question.
"It's something I can live with, well as long as I'm going to anyway."
Jo slapped him on the shoulder. "Stop it."
"Why are you mad at me? I'm the one with the coming expiration date."
"Because you're feeling sorry for yourself when you're the one that's throwing in the towel, and you're making everyone else around you feel even worse." Jo shot back at him.
"Misery loves company." I said trying to keep an all out fight from starting. "I sort of understand why you've chosen to do what you're doing by stopping treatment, but it's hard on those around you too Scott."
"I just spent five days trying to lighten my mood and I'm not home an hour and I already feel like shit again." Jo said and she turned and walked out of the room.
We were both silent for a few minutes. I could hear Jo speaking with the nurse in the other room.
"Send not for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee." Scott said staring down at his cup.
"You hear about it happening but it's never going to happen to you. Right?" I said softly.
"I never had a grand design in life. I never wanted to be rich, or famous, or popular. My goals were comfort and companionship. Enjoy some football on a Sunday, maybe a hunting trip in the fall. Turkeys out here are thicker than squirrels." He nodded towards the window. "Love my wife, maybe raise a family." His voice trailed off and a tear slid down his cheek.
"The best laid schemes o' mice an' men..." I said in a badly affected Scottish accent. I raised my coffee mug and drained it.
Scott set his mug down on the tray and walked out of the room. I nearly followed him but I thought better of it and waited. I could hear them speaking in low tones in the other room. He walked back a few minutes with two tumblers of scotch and handed one to me. "That's the problem with self-pity. When you're in it like a hog in a wallow you want everyone to join you. I'm sorry about that."
"You don't need to apologize to me Scott. I've been through this before. I have a better idea of what you're going through than Jo does."
"Your dad, I forgot in all the excitement. I'm sorry."
"It was what, five years ago now. He never would quit the cigarettes, no matter how much anybody complained."
"I don't even have a vice to blame it on. Well besides this," he held up his tumbler, "and the doc assures me that at my intake that wasn't the issue. I just got a bad roll of the dice, and possibly some genetic marker."
"Did they ever look at your work? You did some hole time and some oil rig work for a while as I remember."
Scott shook his head. "Nah I was never exposed like the guys who did it day in and day out. I was the clean suit guy who only got his hands dirty occasionally. The college punk."
I chuckled at that. "I know that feeling. I have to remind some of our hangar dwellers that despite the fact that there's the blueprint way, and the actual way, that mistakes cost lives and money. I remember the time a few years ago I told a new kid to imagine every time that a plane left the ground his family was on board, and to be diligent when he worked on them."
"We were young and stupid once too."
Jo popped her head in the door. "She's heading out. Come say goodbye."
I took a sip of my drink and listened to their farewells.
When they came back into the office Jo sat next to me again and Scott took his seat behind the desk. Jo refilled her coffee, no one said a word for several minutes.
"I asked him to marry me."
Scott's head snapped up and he looked back and forth between us. I just nodded.
"Well shit, you're moving fast."
"I don't want him to get away."
"What did you say to that?"
"Yes." I tossed back the rest of my drink and nearly choked.
Scott looked down at his desk for a minute and started laughing. "I gamed myself."
"What?"
"Six years ago I was worried that something was going on and now I've made it happen. A self-fulfilled prophecy."
"Nothing has changed. This is what you were trying to bring about in the first place."
"I thought he'd be the one to ask, after a suitable period of mourning of course."
"I beat him to it." She smiled and looked at me and back to Scott.
"You know I didn't think this needed to be brought up." I said, looking at Jo.
"Well I did." Jo said. "Maybe we can stop trying so hard to make what happens later happen now." She said pointedly at Scott.
He nodded. "Again I am sorry for bungling this, but I'm not sorry for wanting to look out for you."
There was a long silence in which Scott finished his drink and nodded at me. I stood and took the glasses to the liquor cabinet in the other room and refilled them. I figured they should get a few to discuss the bomb Jo dropped. I was surprised she told him and in that way but it sounded as if she was on edge from all of his self-pity. Lashing out like that was the act of a cornered animal I know but it still felt like a harsh blow to a man that had only a few months to live. When I went back I stopped in the doorway and looked at them both sitting like two bulldogs in a staring contest. I gave Scott his drink, reached for Jo's coffee mug and replaced it with a tumbler.
"What exactly was your end game plan then?" Jo asked. "If not this or something like it?"
"I did think you might wait." He rubbed his chin and looked at me.
"If it makes you feel any better it's only between us and will remain so for a long while yet. Despite Jo's claim to be ready for the gossip and grief that will come with a fast rebound, I won't put her through that. What I'd like is if she could just focus on you two for..." My voice trailed off.
"The time I have left." Scott finished.
"You know," Jo had turned to me, "you're wrong. Lancelot was a traitor to his friend and his king. That's not something you could ever do."
"Where did that come from?" Scott asked smiling. We related the conversation we'd had a few days earlier. He nodded. "I can see how you would have felt that way but Jo's right. You could have taught old Lance a thing or two about nobility."
After dinner I tried to go but after a healthy dose of scotch and half a bottle of wine I agreed driving wasn't the best idea. Jo ended my argument by pointing out that I had all of my work things with me in the car including clothes so I could just go into the office from there in the morning. I hadn't told my boss about the impending purchase yet so I knew I was golden even if I showed up late due to the longer commute.
* * * * *
I had a cup of coffee in one hand and my briefcase in the other as I walked into the office the next morning greeting coworkers. I settled into my office and finished up the reports I would have worked on Friday night if it hadn't been for Jo's little shopping trip that afternoon.
She'd found an outfit that fit Matt's description and we had a fun shooting the pictures of her in it. He'd found us a tripod and a couple reflectors and left them in the room. The thought of it as I printed off the hard copies of my report made me smile. Matt was going to enjoy them. Sunday afternoon she had declared us done with the shooting and we were going to make better use of the bed until we left the next day.
I walked into my bosses office and handed him the folder with the report and purchase agreement, with Scott's bonus for the project I expected to realize a nice pay check for this one project. He was congratulatory and all smiles as this doubled our business with Scott's company and extended our stewardship of their growing fleet. Things were looking good for me and I spent a little time basking in it as I went over other work the rest of the day. I left work and stopped for a few groceries on the way home.
When I got home I checked my personal email and there was a link from Jo which showed the look-book layout ready to send to the printer. She asked if there was anything I'd change. She credited me on the back as Pylon Racer Studios, a nod to the discussion we had on the flight home about what I had done for fun in recent years. The book looked incredible and I could easily see any guy who felt he'd never see her again upon her retirement would be more than willing to purchase one of them. She said in the email she planned on ordering just higher than the minimum and would order another batch if they sold out quickly. I replied telling her that the proof looked terrific. She replied later that she placed the order and they should arrive in a few days.
Wednesday I got to their home to pick up Scott for golf. I knocked and let myself in without waiting. Jo came out of Scott's office without looking up and dashed down the hallway out of sight. Maggie the dog was hopping up and down and following me around the corner. I knocked on the door jamb as I peeked in.
"Hey Bobby. Come on in."
"Hi Scott. Is Jo alright?"
He shrugged. "I think so."
"She just ran out of here like a spooked deer and didn't even say hello."
The corner of Scott's mouth lifted slightly. "Yea, well. Are you ready to lose a third week in a row?" He groaned as he stood up slowly. Jo came down the hallway and said hello and goodbye as we left. She had an odd look on her face like that of a guilty child.
She grabbed my arm after Scott went into the driveway. "Sorry." She gave me a long kiss.
"What's going on?"
"Well you nearly caught Scott having a snack." She pursed her lips and giggled. "Me."
"Well he's going to get beat today so if he comes home grumbling don't be surprised."
"I have ways of picking up his spirits." She winked, kissed me again and slapped me on the ass pushing me out the door.
I did beat him handily since he was running out of ways to mess with my head. He did give me a few insights into what to expect Friday at dinner with his lawyer, and Jo's new lawyer. Jo had told him that she'd found her through a referral service and was meeting today for the first time.
"This burger tastes like winning." I teased at lunch.
"Well they all should from here on out."
"Scott." I chided.
"I know, but you're a little thicker skinned, I think." He held up his hand in surrender. He didn't speak for a few minutes. "Truth is I feel weaker every couple days. No matter how much rest I get. My doc and Jo poke at me to move around, I walk Maggie out back but I get back to the house and feel like I just ran a road race. As much as she has a right to be annoyed, it's not easy dying slowly. If I didn't know it would cause a world of other problems I'd put myself down like a lame horse rather than drag it out. Like Buddy my old dog should have been. It's like living out a bad hangover that just keeps getting worse ever day." I was surprised when he chuckled at that.
I got him back to the house where Jo said that I was staying for dinner. I was scratching Maggie behind the ears and thought that I'd been spending too much time with Scott and Jo the past few weeks but neither of them seemed to mind. I wondered if it was to help spread the emotional burden of the situation and I accepted the weight on behalf of my best friends.
"Jo are you busy this weekend?"
"You had her all last weekend!" Scott joked. They both laughed and I must have blushed as my face felt warm. "If he only knew," I thought and wondered if he might. I hadn't asked Jo if she'd spoken about our weekend in Montreal and frankly I knew it wasn't my business what was whispered between them. Not now at least.
"We don't have anything planned. Why?"
"Well I got my boss to let me have his plane for the weekend. I figured the look on your face when you were in the cockpit of that jet made me think you might like to try it out."
"Try what out?"
"Flying." I said grinning.
"You're a braver man than I am. I've been with her in the car and still hold on tight to the door."
"Hey! You're rarely late! I'd love to Bobby. When?"
"I was thinking Sunday morning."
* * * * *
Friday came around and I changed after work and headed to the house, wine bottles in hand. Scott was right, his lawyer had weasel written all over him. He was definitely competent but his glances at Jo were lecherous. Jo's new lawyer was a woman about my age, Jacqueline Sommer. She spent most of her time taking notes and asking topical questions, mostly to learn the situation and the people involved. At one point Jerry made a condescending remark and she shot back at him with a polite yet firm reply that she was here to look after Mrs. Meadows interests.
"Whoa, this isn't a divorce proceeding." Scott said firmly, taking control of the conversation to ease the tension. "Lighten up Jerry."
"I'm sorry. I thought I would be sufficient to Mrs. Meadows needs after..." He stammered.
"Truth is Jerry you make my wife uncomfortable, and if you were one bit less skilled as my attorney I would have dropped you years ago." The stress he place on the word dropped infused it with multiple contexts. The two looked at each other for a moment and Scott never let his gaze waver causing Jerry to look aside.
"When the will is read and everything is complete you'll send your last invoice and it will get paid. Jackie is her attorney, and I'm sure she's capable of handling everything for Jo."
"If I may ask, what is Mr. McNeil's role?" Jackie asked.
"He will assist her with executing the will. Unfortunately, he has recent experience after the passing of his father, and he's a very close personal friend of ours." After a pause he leveled a flat but serious threat towards his lawyer. "If you'd like I can transfer all of this to Ms. Sommer's firm and let her handle it, but I figured since you helped draw it all up and have known me for years I'd let you see it through to the end."
Jerry acted with a lot less supremacy once Scott had taken him down a notch. Things went forward from there. Scott had made a packet of information for me so I knew what the breadth of the estate entailed.
When the evening wound down and the lawyers were gone we sat in the living room with drinks.
"I fucking hate lawyers." We all busted out laughing at Scott's statement as he sipped his drink.
"I see why Jerry creeps you out. I felt the hair on my neck stand on end at one point when I looked up and I realized he was looking at Jo."
"I felt the same thing." She hugged her arms to her sides.
"I should get going."
"Sorry but Maggie buried your keys in the yard." Scott said. "We'll have to look around in the morning."
I looked at Jo who was smiling and shrugged. "Don't look at me. I don't what she did with them."
"If I didn't know better I'd think I was being kidnapped."
"Well considering you had a drink before dinner, half a bottle of wine and a drink in hand now I'd feel better if you didn't end up in a hole before I did."
"Good point."
I awoke in the middle of the night to find I had a visitor. "What are you doing in here?" I whispered.
"After last weekend you have to ask?" She replied with a soft laugh.
"Well, I didn't think you'd, well right here in the house."
"Why not, it's not as if it's a secret at this point."
I didn't say anything but thought back to our conversation about keeping our relationship between us. She gripped my forearm which I'd wrapped around her waist.
"I didn't speak with him but he's not stupid Bobby. He's figured it out as if we'd written a report on it."
"Sorry."
"Don't be. He's not angry or upset, if anything I think he's a little relieved and a touch jealous of you."
"Me?"
"He wishes he was in your shoes. Loving, learning, growing together, living. He and I about eight years ago." I tightened my hold on her. "He knows Bobby. He knows you've been miserable for years, despite the fact you hid it well. I guess he's hoping we can help each other out with that." She sniffled and I rolled her onto her back. I couldn't see her face but I knew she was crying.
"I know."
The sun was still low but bright and I could hear a scratching. Jo unwrapped herself from me and opened the door to a little canine whine.
"C'mon sweety I'll let you out and get you some breakfast." She whispered and closed the door behind them. I rolled onto my back and stared at the ceiling for a minute and got up. I put on my pants but it appears my shirt had been appropriated so I went downstairs quietly. I leaned on the counter and looked out the picture window at Jo wrapped in only my dress shirt holding Maggie's leash. I grinned and thought I had better keep an eye on where I walk on their lawn in the future. They turned back towards the sliding glass door and the shirt fell open and I felt my heart stop as they reached the door. Jo stopped short seeing me at the counter. She unhooked the leash and let Maggie loose who ran to where her food dish is on a little stand at the end of the counter and began dancing in place. "Yes, I haven't forgotten clown. Your breakfast first, mine next." She flicked her eyes at me. I felt a wave of heat wash over me with that glance and suddenly I was ravenous too. She tilted her head towards the stairs, her eyes flashed brightly at me.
She pulled me back into the bedroom and closed the door. My shirt slid down her arms and she sat on the edge of the mattress looking at me. An impish grin spread across her face as she slid back and beckoned me towards her with a single flick of her finger. I didn't move right away and she took it as a challenge. She stretched and swept her hand pushing her hair back as she did, her body flexed towards me in invitation as her leg slid gently up along the sheets. She looked at me again, this time there was fire in her eyes as she swirled her hand across the bed in front of her in clear invitation. She looked very much the centerfold model and male fantasy and I began moving, my hands going to my zipper, my eyes never leaving her face. Her smile widened as I climbed into bed with her.
"I thought you'd never get here." She mumbled into my mouth, her tongue followed her words. Her hand found my cock and stroked it slowly to full hardness. She had taken the lead and had me on my back, her chest laid across mine, her leg thrown over mine. "I have the perfect spot for this." She gave my cock a gentle squeeze.
"I know you do." I gasped for breath. She scrambled over me her ass pointing up right in front of me as she opened the drawer in the nightstand. I ran my hand up the swell of her ass and gave it a little swat. She giggled and settled herself across my hips sinking slowly onto me. Her eyes closed and she sighed wriggling as she settled fully down. She took my hands and put them on her ass before leaning forward to kiss me again. She began to rock her hips slowly and I sank my fingers into the soft flesh assisting her with each down stroke. Her hips ground against me quicker as she rode me to orgasm.
Jo started to catch her breath and I rolled her onto her back, parted her legs and began driving my cock into her with my own release in mind. She pushed her head back into the pillow and gasped as pumped into her with abandon until I exploded. I kissed her quickly and often, gasping for breath between each.
"Don't worry." She spoke softly after I'd walked back in from the bathroom. "He sleeps late because of his medication and you, we," she corrected, "just need to get over this cheating feeling."
"It feels strange, you know what I mean?"
"Yes, I really do. You should have been here Tuesday. After you left for work I cried my eyes out for a couple hours. He said he was going to get to call my doctor and have me sedated if I didn't let it go." Her laugh was soft and sweet. "He was honest with me though. He told me that at first he wanted to flatten you when we got back."
"Shit."
"He got over it. 'Higher function' returned as he called it and realized this was what he was trying to get to happen and he succeeded."
"We'll see if 'higher function' appears over the rim of a coffee cup."
"I'm sure it will. Though I think I'll wash up before hand, nothing like walking into a room looking, and probably smelling, like you just got good and fucked." She kissed me and rolled out of bed. I followed her into the bathroom and nudged her under the not yet warm water. She yelped and covered her mouth before splashing me with water.
She had come to my room without a stitch on and now wore one of the t-shirts I had left in the drawer and walked out of the room. I dressed in jeans, pulled on a shirt and made the bed.
"Good Morning." Scott said. He stood at the counter with a coffee cup in hand. Jo moved around him. She turned from the open refrigerator showing just how thin that shirt was, showing effects of the cold air. When she raised her arm to grab a pan off the hook above the stove top I saw she hadn't bothered to stop for any other clothing along the way. "Paris Air Show, maybe you can take Jo this year."
"Farnborough." I said and swallowed loudly, a sound that was probably all in my head.
Scott turned and patted my shoulder. "Relax, have some coffee. What's Farnborough?"
"It's ah, it's this years air show. They alter them." I snapped out of it as she put her arms down and gave me a little smile and continued. "This year it's in Farnborough England. The Paris Air show won't happen again until next year, they're biennial." I took down a coffee mug and filled it.
"Well that sounds like a fun place too."
"Yea but it's in just a few weeks and I hadn't planned on going this year."
"That's too bad. Let's hope you make it to Paris next year then."
"Ooh la la." Jo said softly. After a pause we all started laughing. She pointed at the plates on the rack and then the table and I got the hint as she started slicing thick slabs of bread. She gave me further instructions on where to find a bottle of real maple syrup.
"Straight off the boat from Vermont."
"Uh Jo, Vermont is landlocked. The only boats are on the lakes." I said.
She leveled a withering gaze at me. "No shit?"
Scott busted a gut, with the sound of laughter the tension broke. It was good to hear.
They managed to keep me talking and hanging out for the rest of the morning and I had a tough time wresting myself away in the early afternoon. I got home, tossed a load of laundry in the wash and grabbed a beer. I sat in front of a ball game on TV but didn't really pay attention to it. The whole situation with Jo, Scott and I was turning my mind into a jumble. I laughingly wondered if it was this weird in the Sixties during the free love movement. I looked outside and decided the lawn needed mowing. I threw on my beat up sneakers and went out to the garage. I don't remember doing it, my mind was all over the place but it looked better once I was done. I thought about doing the trimming and decided I wasn't that enthusiastic. I put the mower away, closed up the garage and went inside.
Freshly showered, I sat and thought about dinner as I looked out at the still bright daylight of the early June evening. I wasn't overly hungry so I let the idea slip away. I gazed unseeing for a long while lost in thought about the past few weeks and how my life had changed so drastically.
"Holy shit." I whispered to no one. In the past eight days I've done several nude photo shoots of one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen, made love to her many times, and agreed to marry her. The dark reality of what brought this on crept into my mind and the guilt began.
The doorbell startled me out of my haze. I answered it to find Jo standing there, gilded from the light of the sunset. I looked her up and down, she was wearing sandals and a short sundress which despite being a little loose still showed off her figure. She was holding a take out bag in one hand and a six-pack of beer in the other. I stared for a moment and noticed the smirk cross her face.
"You know, when a pretty girl shows up at your door with dinner and a six-pack, it's customary to invite her in."
"I, yes come in!" I said startled. "What are you doing here?"
She looked side-long at me and the smile turned into a laugh. "That's a lovely way to greet your fiancee."
I closed my eyes and joined her in laughing. I kissed her and noted a bag a little bigger than a purse hanging from her shoulder. "Moving in already?"
"I thought I might spend the night if you didn't mind. You live a lot closer to the airport and it gives me more time to sleep in."
"I don't know if I have the space. I mean there's only the one bedroom, the other one got turned into an office years ago." I smiled.
"What ever will we do." She leaned into me and kissed me again. "These aren't getting any colder." She waved the six pack.
"Right through there. I thought you'd been here before? What did you do with Scott?"
"I fed him and he wasn't feeling great so he was going to go to bed early. He said he'd take care of Maggie and I should take care of you."
I leaned on the door jamb and watched her put the beer in the fridge and shake her head at what she saw in there. "Sad."
"Don't blame me, I've been staying with friends a lot recently so I don't exactly do a lot of cooking."
"I hope she's a good cook then."
"Thanks to her I had to put on an extra mile to my morning run." I said, hand over my stomach.
"Keep complaining and she might put you on a diet. She might like to keep you in good shape."
"Well what ever she brought tonight doesn't smell like a diet."
"I was feeling Italian. Chicken broccoli Alfredo or sausage and peppers? You must choose!" She was grinning as she opened cupboards looking for plates.
"I must?"
"Shit, have you already had dinner?" She turned around concerned.
"No." I laughed. "Lady's choice, I will gladly accept which ever I'm offered. Left side of the sink." I said as she looked at the drawers wondering where to find silverware. I opened another drawer and pulled out cloth napkins. She set the plates on the small breakfast table in the kitchen and sat down.
"Oh the beers."
"I have wine if you'd rather have that."
"Are you trying to get me drunk?"
"I don't need to, do I?" I leaned down and kissed her.
"No, but since I haven't had lunch you're waiting until I inhale this pasta." She smiled. "Wine please."
We had dinner and shared forkfuls so we didn't miss out on the other option. She bit her lip before taking a sip of her wine. "Um, would you be at all upset if I left a toothbrush here? I mean I have a feeling we're going to be spending more time together now."
"First you ask me to marry you, now you want to move in? What will you want next, drawer space, room in the closet? Scented candles everywhere?" Waving my hands in mock distress.
The grin on her face was beautiful. "Well the place could use a woman's touch." She chided looking around critically. "I mean seriously, it screams bachelor pad and we can't have that, not any more." She set her chin on her hand and looked at me with purest expression of love I have ever seen and I felt my heart skip. If I ever doubted what Scott saw in this woman, those doubts were scattered to the wind in that moment. She was more than I deserved and she would eventually be mine.
"What's the matter?" She said her look suddenly concerned, and I feared the mirror of mine. Her hand reached across and grasped my forearm.
I just shook my head and took a long drink from my wine.
"No, no, no. We're not going to start off like that. What's the matter?"
I took a deep breath and let it out in a heavy sigh. "It's sad you know, like fate playing a cruel trick on me. I finally get the girl of my dreams at the cost of my oldest friend." I felt the tear on my cheek and watched as Jo closed her eyes, the grip on my arm tightening. "Here's what you've always wanted, but it will cost you what you cherish now." Tears sprung from her closed eyes and ran down her face, her head nodding in agreement.
"The worst game of 'Would You Rather' ever played." She sniffled. "Scott has been very insightful lately, he said it may be the universe's way of sharing the wealth." She let out a rueful laugh at that. "I never really thought of myself as a hot commodity before."
"You're kidding right? After the start you had to keep making the positive choice at every turn, that's nearly miraculous. Grew up right, put yourself through college, if he hadn't swept you off your feet I have no doubt that you'd be doing what ever it was you wanted to do, sing, dance, act, shrink heads." I laughed at that and brushed away the tears on my cheek then hers.
"He does have a little bit of an over protective, read paranoid, streak sometimes. You might have one too if I'm allowed to bring up the Christmas party again."
"Well it's not my fault you're a smart, sweet, lovable, smoking hot babe that every guy within a fifty yard radius is going to find by dint of having his cock sniff you out in a crowd."
Jo's mouth dropped open in shock. "You think I have any control over that? I wasn't to blame for his actions!"
"No! That's not what I meant, I am being honest though. Any guy within sight of you is going to be instantly attracted to you because you're flat out gorgeous." I said with a little laugh.
"Is that going to turn you crazy on me?"
"No, at least I certainly hope not. I'll do my best and I hope you'll call me out if I'm being an asshole."
"That I'll do." She pushed her plate away and took my hand in hers. "I know it's something you recently discovered but does it bother you that I'm a tease?"
I laughed. "After what you did to poor Matt at the hotel, now you ask me?"
She had the good grace to blush and bite her lower lip to keep from grinning again.
"I'll stop. I'll start getting longer hemmed clothing, start wearing underwear everywhere. No more tank tops at the grocery store and standing in front of open freezer doors until my nipples are rock hard. I'll ditch the yoga shorts and wear full length pants."
"Don't stop being you." I laughed. "I'm not opposed to being turned on by you, I just don't want to have to keep my eye on every guy within sight to make sure you don't get into trouble."
"I would never have done anything while we were in Montreal if you hadn't been right there. I'm a tease but I'm not stupid about it. If I had walked into that gym in that outfit without you I could very well have ended up in trouble if I'd been followed out. I know that. I've been doing this for a while."
"Before you met Scott?"
"Not unless one of my wing-girls was nearby. I feel it necessary to reveal that I'm not wearing any panties right now. I'm sure you would have discovered that fact on your own soon enough."
"What have I gotten myself into?"
"I don't know, I'm kind of stuffed right now, but I hope you get yourself into it later. Tell me there's ice cream in that freezer and I'll marry you as soon as I'm able."
I laughed. "There isn't. Does this mean you're rescinding your proposal?"
"No, but don't let it happen again." She smiled and gripped my hand tighter.
"There's a place about a mile up the road." I said. She just shook her head.
"I can wait, besides I don't want to get more stuffed. Well not with ice cream anyway."
I stood and picked up the dishes. She got up to help and I told her to sit, she cooked after all. I put the dishes into the dishwasher and cleaned up the containers. While I was doing that she topped off the glasses with the last of the wine set the bottle down and made a finger gun and shot the bottle. I laughed.
"I hope I'm not turning you into an alcoholic."
She shook her head. "No, but it's been a stressful few months. If anything the last few weeks have been easier knowing I have someone to share it with. You know he waited to tell his parents. They never even knew he had cancer the first time he went through treatment. Who does that?"
"I know his parents, I can see why he might have done it."
"Seven years." She ran her finger around the rim of the glass. "Seven years and I think I met them once."
"For some once is enough. They're uh, unique."
"Scott said they were crazy." She laughed.
"Well that's a bit extreme. Let's just say that they are intractable in their beliefs. Extremely so."
"Yea, said the real family name wasn't Meadows, it was something German."
"No it was Schmidt. I think his great grandfather changed it after the war."
"At least he had a background." She took a long sip of her wine.
"Let's get more comfortable."
"Scott told you my story, what he didn't I can fill in."
"I know."
"Really? What was my maiden name then."
"Stevens." I said after a moment. "I was there when you got married. Do you Joanna Stevens promise to love, honor and cherish..." I stopped speaking as I realized where it was going.
She turned and sat on the couch without looking up. "I Joanna take you Scott, to have and to hold, from this day forward, for better or worse, for richer, or poorer," she sobbed, "in sickness and in health, until death do us part." She set the glass down and covered her face with her hands, her body began to shake.
I sat next to her and gathered her in my arms. "Holy shit I'm an idiot." I whispered into her hair. "I'm sorry Jo. I'm so sorry." She turned into my arms and sobbed openly. It was a long while before she stopped and said she was going to wash her face. When she came back there was a tall glass of water next to the wine and she cracked a little smile.
"Sorry."
"You have nothing to be sorry about. You've been under a lot of stress for a while now. Sometimes I wonder how you hold up so well."
"Like any good steam engine, you chug along and when the pressure gets too high you blow it off, just like that. Never discount the power of a good, ugly cry."
I chuckled. "Ugly cry?"
"Oh yea, when you can't even talk, you're bawling, your face is all screwed up and red, tears are everywhere, it's agony but it's surprisingly cathartic, and even easier if someone you love is holding on to you while you do it."
"That's why women are stronger than men." I said softly. "They cry their tears and don't feel ashamed about it."
"The hell we don't. We just can't control it sometimes, then we button it back up and we move on." I leaned back into the corner of the sofa and reached out and pulled her into an embrace and let her just be. We sat there until it got fully dark. I hadn't turned on any lights and we just talked softly. She told me her real name wasn't Stevens either, that was the name of the family that adopted her and the records show she was born in Louisiana and her birth name was Jeannine Dubois.
"I guess they weren't to keen on it when they adopted me so they changed it. So I went from Jeannie to Joanna."
"Should you ever accept my name rest assured it's steeped in history, some of it might be a little twisted as there were likely a few pirates and thieves in there way back." I said with a laugh.
"It's yours. At least you have that going for you."
"You can go back to Jeannine Dubois if you would like to reclaim it. I won't mind, I'll just call you Gorgeous. You know like, good morning Gorgeous, how was your day Gorgeous, no I'll do that laundry Gorgeous." I punctuated each telling with a kiss to her forehead. I could feel the vibration of her laugh, her chest laying on mine.
"I've been Jo for so long I probably wouldn't answer to anything else."
"How about Mom or Mommy?"
She lifted away from me and looked up. "Do you really want a family Bobby or are you just saying so because you think it's what I want to hear?"
"I think I've wanted one for a while now. I just made a bad choice a decade ago and as Scott said to me once, 'You've been beating yourself up over it for years.' He was right."
"Never in ten years have you found someone else you could envision a life and family with?"
I laughed and pulled her head down to my shoulder again. "I think we've been over that. I had incredibly high standards and nobody measured up to them, except the person who set them."
* * * * *
I reached blindly and felt my hand thump into the mattress. "Please tell me it wasn't a dream." I thought as I swallowed several times trying to wet my dry throat. Belatedly I smelled coffee and felt the smile cross my face. "It wasn't."
"What wasn't?" She said her voice soft. I opened my eyes and saw one of the most incredible sights ever to grace the Earth. Jo stood stark naked with a cup of coffee in her hand and a little smile on her face.
"A dream. If this is a dream please let me sleep. If not then pour that into me fast so I can enjoy it." I groaned and rolled over. Her eyes roamed over me and the smile broadened.
"Well if this is a dream." She set the mug down on the nightstand. "Is this what you would dream came next?" She knelt on the edge of the bed and leaned forward and kissed the tip of my cock. "Or this." She licked it slowly base to tip, altering her angle and making it even harder than it was.
"Fuck!"
She laughed. "In a minute, I'm enjoying this." She gasped as I reached out and grabbed her ass giving it a firm squeeze. I felt her mouth engulf me and knew I wasn't dreaming, I'd died and gone to heaven. I slid my hand beneath her and slipped it between her thighs finding heat and dampness there, my fingers wriggled into her. I nearly lost my mind when a deep hum in her throat was felt all the way to my balls. I removed my fingers and rubbed the moisture into her clit. Her hips began to sway, pushing down into my hand to increase the pressure. She sat up quickly. "Alright enough foreplay I need to get good and fucked." She climbed over me straddling my hips and slowly settled onto my cock.
"Oh shit." I said as I slid deeply into her. She was turned away from me and the beautiful cheeks of her ass nestled against my lap and I massaged them with my thumbs. She ground down a little and began rocking slowly. She began humming interrupted by a few moans. She stroked my balls and I knew I couldn't take this for long. I sat up as best as I could and reached around her slipping my fingers between her legs and began to massage her clit. The effect was immediate as she began to grind down harder rocking her hips more violently as I tugged on her nipple with my other hand. She began to shake as her orgasm rocked her entire body, her pussy gripped me in tight spasms as she leaned into my hand, her own pressing mine into her clit. She cried out before falling forward catching herself on her outstretched hands. I was still hard as steel buried in her warm depths. I lifted her back against me and rolled her over gently face down on the bed. She was still panting as I lifted her hips and began slowly driving my full length into her with deep strokes. The noises were indecipherable coming from beneath her but I felt her hand slide between her legs and stroke my balls again. The tips of her fingers tickled gently, she encouraged me to fuck her harder and I drove my hips into hers pushing her up the bed before my entire body tensed and I climaxed.
I woke a while later with Jo laying on my chest just beneath my chin, her blonde hair awash over my shoulder. My mind reached out along my body and I felt her leg over mine, her arm around my torso and the slow rise and fall of her chest as it pressed into my side. I flexed my fingers and stroked her back, the skin warm and soft. I closed my eyes as I felt the smile cross my lips. I don't know how long I dozed that time but felt her stretch. A little hum vibrated from her through my chest. She planted a kiss on my chest.
"You are an incredible cuddler."
I laughed. "It's good to know I'm good for something."
"And great for others." I felt her fingers walk down my stomach.
I laughed at that. I never considered myself anything above average but Jo brought out the best in me. Everything I did, I wanted it to be the best for her. "It's like figure skating, you're only as good as your partner." I said with a laugh.
"Well that was gold medal worthy performance then." She kissed me again and began to unwrap her body from mine. She leaned down and kissed me deeply. "I uh need to use the um..." I realized I had my arm around her and I wasn't letting her go. I laughed as I released her.
"Same here." When I stood I looked back at the sheets at several wet spots and laughed. I dragged them off the bed into a heap on the floor as I waited for my turn in the bathroom. She walked back in the room laughing.
"Where are the clean ones?"
"Hall closet, second shelf on the right." She padded naked out of the room and came back with a set of sheets.
"Do you have enough sets of clean sheets? I only saw this one."
"I might have to invest in some new ones now." I said giving a gentle bite to her shoulder before she leaned forward spreading the bottom sheet out. "This view could involve me having to get a lot more sets. I gave her long back a stroke and grasped the cheek of her ass.
"Get some nice ones, Egyptian cotton, high thread count." She turned and kissed me and gave my chin a little nibble. "Since it's my ass that's going to be sliding back and forth on them."
"No satin?"
"Hell no, we tried that before and the friction gives you burns." She laughed and her face went red as she turned away.
"Hey." I turned her back. "It's okay. I don't mind talking about it, you know as long as you don't bring it up at the wrong time. You know like screaming his name in the middle of sex with me."
She leaned in and hugged me and laughed. "I'll do my best."
"No comparisons either." I said with another laugh.
"I did that already and I felt like an idiot."
"I don't remember that."
"Yes you do, you're just being nice." She gave me a sly look as she bent over and tucked in the sheet.
"Heavens you keep that up and we're not going to leave the house."
"This?" She bent over at the waist again, and grinned at me over her shoulder. I reached out and gave her a light slap on the ass and her eyes flashed at me as her smile broadened.
"Like that do you?"
"Well not as a punishment but if you're not careful we'll be swapping sheets for the rest of the day, and you're going to be very weak at work tomorrow."
"That's a given already." I kissed her and she reciprocated.
She made a surprised noise in her throat and broke the kiss. "Weren't we going to the airport this morning?"
I laughed. "I made it a late appointment. We're not expected until eleven." Jo looked over her shoulder at the freshly laid out sheets and smiled at me.
"Why don't we kill two birds with one stone and take this to the shower." She had hold of my cock which was showing signs of recovery in her hand.
"At this point I'm going where ever you lead me since you're at the controls." I said with a laugh.
We were running late so we hit a drive through for bagels and more coffee on the way to the airport. I pulled into a parking area and headed towards the hangar. Jo had pulled her hair back into a ponytail and put on her new hat and aviators and I laughed. She wore jeans and one of my t-shirts with a corporate logo for an aerospace engine company. We stopped in where the plane was kept and the ground crew had fueled it up and taken the tie downs off. We went over to the plane and Jo looked at me and back at the plane.
"Um, it doesn't look like much." She said to me.
"It's a personal aircraft, a trainer to most." I said as I opened it and reached for the binder for the checklist. I'd flown this aircraft before so I knew where it was located. Luckily my boss is a very scrupulous pilot and kept good records. I walked her through the pre-flight check and she followed along intently. We made several trips around the plane before we were done. I had her do the lamp check and she jumped when I had her lift the aileron to see if the yolk was moving freely.
"Your boss is a stickler for maintenance."
"You can't just pull over and check it out on the side of the road up there." I pointed upward with the pen I had and filled in the oil level and checked off the form boxes and signed off with the date and time. Jo looked concerned. "Relax, this is safer than the ride over here in the car was."
I helped her with the harness after she climbed in and she put her hands in her lap afraid to touch anything since I'd shown her the light switches. Once we were inside I showed her all of the gauges and explained what each was for and asked if she was ready.
She nodded and I handed her her set of headphones and I grabbed mine. I walked her through the start up process and the engine fired up quickly in the noon day sunshine. I showed her how the plane moved on the ground with my feet and had her try. She looked frightened at first and then got the hang of it. I only had to pull her hands away from the yoke once. I radioed the tower for clearance and we taxied to the end of the runway. I had Jo put her hands gently on either side of the yoke so she could feel how the plane moved and reacted to the controls. In several minutes we were flying south and I had her perform a few tasks as we came to cruising altitude.
"Okay take over for a minute." She looked at me like I'd lost my mind and said so.
"Take hold of the yoke, no sudden movements but feel the weight of it in your hands. It's like learning to drive a car Jo. Go on." I encouraged her with a big smile. I felt the control stiffen as she took hold and I relaxed just leaving my palms on either side of it. "What's our heading?"
She was staring wide eyes out the windscreen and looked around at the controls and back up. "Looks like one-eighty so that's due south. Right?"
"Correct so we're a few miles down range let's turn to the east, which is what heading?"
"Ninety."
"Now that we're airborne we'll use a combination of moves to turn the plane." I explained and took the controls back over and had her keep her palms open on the yoke. We performed the turn and I asked her to read off the heading again and the altitude and we'd dropped a bit and I explained what caused it and I pulled back slightly bringing us back up and told her why I was climbing slightly higher to five hundred feet more. "It gives us room if anyone is flying the other way. Generally west bound flights will go at even altitudes and east bound will go to odd altitudes to prevent any surprise head to head flying."
"The view is amazing!"
We flew east along the southern border of the state for another few minutes before turning northward again. I walked her through the steps before we did them and had her take control and talked her through it. We ended up back at the airport a little over an hour later.
"Did you enjoy it?" I asked on the way home from the airport.
"Yes! I've never been scared to fly up until I was the one flying the plane."
When we got back to the house she changed back into her dress and put away the other clothes she'd brought in the drawer space I'd cleared for her. She was going to bring the things she'd worn home to clean them I took them and tossed them in with my laundry.
"What good am if I can't figure out how to wash your clothes too?"
"Don't forget the fabric softener. Tumble dry low." She said and gave me a kiss. "I'd better head home and see what sort of trouble Scott and Maggie are up to." She leaned forward and fell into my chest hugging me tightly.
"I'm glad you had fun today."
"I even had fun flying." She grinned and kissed me again. I walked her out to her car. She climbed in and reached up for me again, I leaned in and kissed her goodbye and told her to drive safe.
* * * * *
I took a seat at my desk and stared out the window for a bit, thinking about how our new relationship would affect hers with Scott. I knew he'd been behind this whole thing but has to be rough when your wife leaves you on a Saturday night to go have a booty call. I checked my email and made sure I was ready for work in the morning.
I started my morning at home making plans for the week. I might have to fly to Georgia the following week where they were doing a refit on a Gulfstream for a customer. I had planned to go into the office for noon. I got a text from Jo that the books were delivered.
"You should have seen the look on the guys face when I broke open the box and started flipping through one of them before signing for the shipment. They came out terrific! I'll be online in a few if you want to see the sales pitch." She added a little wink emoticon at the end.
"Dare I ask what you were wearing when you answered the door?"
She sent me a selfie of her in a tank top and shorts that were very small showing off her legs.
Just then I decided I could work from home today. I emailed my boss letting him know that I'd be available but was basically running through meeting plans and a maintenance order for a customer aircraft. My boss popped up on my company messaging program.
"This is a lot of room service. Did you even leave the hotel?"
"Once but I didn't put that on there, I had company and it wasn't a business dinner."
"Really? You had a date? Good for you. Thank you for checking out on Friday before you started your weekend of bliss."
"The customer would have covered that too, I'd just rather not have put in an expense report for all of the lubricant and protection. It would have been embarrassing."
Luckily because our job entailed a lot of engineering if I used generic terms I wouldn't get a nasty email from IT about dirty talk in the work chat. He sent me a laughing emoticon and threatened to give my office away to a low level guy if I wasn't using it any more. I told him I would reheat seafood in the office microwave for a week if he did.
I logged onto Jo's page with my home computer and set up an account for myself. I took the nickname Pylon Racer so she'd have an idea who it was. She wasn't logged in yet so I opened another tab and checked sports scores.
I looked at my laptop and checked some emails. Bombardier already had a page up for the order since it had been through finance and Scott had signed off on it to go ahead with the order. The page showed the entire configuration and cost analysis. There was a production timeline being filled in with dates, which were mostly to be determined for the air frame, engine delivery, electrical, hydraulics, paint and finish. They were looking at a sixteen month delivery time. I shook my head. "Scott ordered a jet he will never see."
I noticed movement on my screen and saw her moving around and turned up the volume.
"Easy boys, I know I've been gone for a few days but you don't all have to jump on my privates the moment you see me." She was sitting on the edge of the bed wearing my Paris Air Show t-shirt and it would appear nothing else but a smile. Her hair was fluffed into a golden mass and her accent had gone back to deep Texas. I had asked her about that and she said it was a put on. Most people from the city don't speak that way, though she said she's known to throw in a "ya'll" on occasion. She slowed down the chatter by answering a few questions, one asking about her weekend which she got all giddy about.
"I've got a story for you! I took my very first flying lesson yesterday!" There were a lot of questions about how she liked it and what kind of plane it was. She went on about altitude and attitude and I was proud of her as she correctly recounted every term and what it meant.
"I do plan on taking more lessons. Especially since my trainer is fucking hot." She fanned herself. "I wanted to join the mile high club but there wasn't time or room."
I sent her a donation and her eyes lit up when she saw the username. She sent a private message which popped on the corner of my screen.
"Is this who I think it is?"

"It would depend on who you think it is."I countered.

"If it's not Chris Hemsworth can it at least be Ryan Reynolds?"

"Sorry no.I'm just a lowly peasant in the pantheon of hot guys."

"Liar!"
"So who wants to see the new outfit I have on underneath my new shirt? I have more stories of my past week. So many things happened. One I hope you're all going to like."
Questions started flying by on the screen as the viewership enlarged.
"Well part of it includes what I'm wearing underneath so if you don't help get the shirt off, what's the point of the story?" She shrugged dramatically and donations started flying by. As the goal got closer she started to tell the story.
"Well a very dear friend of mine just happens to be a terrific photographer. Scenes, monuments, travel stuff. His work is probably on a calendar or screensaver you've seen. Well he's never actually taken pictures of a model, so we fixed that over the past week."
She got multiple offers to model for the viewers.
"I already model for all y'all." She leveled her remark at a few smart asses. "He did some terrific shots, and I couldn't have been happier. In fact I got this idea and I put a bunch of them together in a book." She reached over to the nightstand and picked up one of the books and held it up. She stood in the bay window behind her in blue lingerie, one of the early shots we took against the darkened windows. "I was thinking of making a raffle or some sort of contest for it. What do you think?"
She got several escalating offers for it as she turned it and flipped through some of the pages. "Oh wow. Would you look at this?" She turned one of the pages towards the camera. It was her standing in the shallow end of the pool brushing her wet hair back, water droplets clinging to her lotion covered breasts. "Let me tell you, that pool was fucking freezing! My nipples could have cut glass." She turned it back and flipped through it some more.
"Four color offset printed, twenty pages full color glossy photos. Centerfold, complete with staples." She pursed her lips. "I'm curious what you guys think this would be worth. It is all of me, I mean there's a little variety in the photos but not in the models." She grinned and held it up to show off the cover, tilting it slightly as it reflected one of the lights she used.
A few dozen suggestions, from sublime to ridiculous cascaded past but a general consensus was running around twenty dollars. She nodded as more settled on that range.
"Well since I have to handle the postage and such how about we go twenty-five, that covers the stiff," she winked broadly at the camera, "photo mailer and the postage to most of the US, I do have to send one north of the border. I'm not sure how to fill out the customs paperwork on that." She grinned as donations of twenty-five flew up the screen. "Hold it boys I can only keep up with so much. Let's do this. If you want one, send me your name and address, and whether or not you want it autographed." She started taking info, tapping furiously on her keyboard. Someone asked her how many she had. "I have about a hundred of them, but if these sell off fast I may just do another one, then you could order the second edition."
"Oh wait a minute!" She stopped typing and whipped my t-shirt off. "There, surprise!" She wore the new purple lingerie inspired by Matt. She lined it up and showed it off to a lot of cheering guys. It did look incredible on her and I had to thank Matt for his good eye, the color contrasted with her bright hair perfectly. She typed away recording more purchases and they slowed to a crawl. "Somebody help me out, get a count of how many people so I know if I missed anyone. A few minutes went by and she got several responses, twenty-eight so far.
"I didn't expect to run out in the first hour.Not bad though.Covers the cost of production."She said to me in private.
She began to recount some of the story of when we arrived and Matt brought in dinner and she flashed him her bush.
"I had so much fun teasing him. I'm making it up to him though. I gave him the website address so if you're in here Matt, keep an eye on the mailbox." She winked broadly and blew a kiss at the camera.
"Do you have or know anyone with one of those instant cameras?"

"No, but they can't be hard to find online."I replied.
"Are you in here Matt?"
Plenty of guys volunteered to be Matt if she wanted them to be.
"If you send me a private message with the name of the hotel that should be proof enough."
Several viewers started throwing out suggestions. Jo leaned forward and spoke as if conspiring with the audience.
"You know, you could see what he saw that first day if we hit that goal." It took moments for the goal to be reached and she laid back on the bed after adjusting the camera a little to the left. She peeled off the panties and held them up on her finger. "I hope you don't mind Matt but these are all yours." She set them aside and rolled onto her side, her legs crossed naturally but the blonde strip was showing neatly disappearing between them. She started to pet it, stroking the fuzz and tugging at the hair. "Now imagine if you will you're a lonely bored college student working a lousy hotel job in some big city. You knock on the door and push the little room service cart in and this is the first thing you see."
She was a master at the art of the tease. I was there when it happened and she had me hard all over again.
"Yes it does sound like the music should start, like at the beginning of sex scene in a porn flick." She laughed.
She sat up suddenly and began typing, a grin spread across her face. She paused for a minute and squealed. "We have a winner! Ding, ding, ding! Welcome Matt!"

"Well if it's not him he knows an awful lot about me and where I spent my weekend and who with.It's him, he even gave me the room number!"
"I'm not going to out you in the room Matt. Since your screen name doesn't give you away. Thank you for being so terrific to me." She blew another kiss at the screen.
"Guys, let's see if we can get this off next so I can pack it with Matt's book, and you'll see what he walked into one of the nights he delivered dinner to my room." She grinned.
Soon she was nude on the bed and moved back into her seated position. She would tap away occasionally and I had to assume it was Matt she was speaking with since my screen didn't change.

"Matt says I'm not the first woman to flash him, but I'm most definitely the hottest."

"Well I can't speak for what he's seen but I can agree you are the hottest I've ever seen."

"Sweet talker, you're just trying to get into my pants.What are you doing for dinner tomorrow night?"

"Nothing special."

"Good I'm going to pick up an instant camera in town this afternoon.Let's make his day and send him some personal snapshots.You can stay over and go play golf with Scott in the morning, if you have enough energy."

"So that's how he plans on winning!"

"I cannot tell a lie.He put me up to it."

I laughed. She finished up her session online to the heartache of hundreds. She had received a few more orders for books before she logged out. I turned back to my work and found I had a few messages and several emails accumulated. I cleaned up my inbox and made myself some lunch.
I did go into the office on Tuesday and got ribbed incessantly. I told John that when he started bringing in some real sales then he too can live the good life. I smiled at that as I returned to my office with a fresh cup of coffee. I was leaving for the day when the boss asked if I was going to go back to full time soon. I laughed and asked him how many aircraft I had to sell for him to get off my case. He said one per week would do and I was behind on my quota.
Jo texted me earlier in the day asking me to pick up some white wine since all they had was red at the house. I stopped home and changed into something comfortable and grabbed my golf clubs before taking the highway around the outskirts of the city towards their place.
Dinner was delicious and I gathered the dishes and started clean up when Jo leaned in and kissed me on the cheek.
"Thank you for doing this. I'm going to head upstairs and clean up. Come on up when you're done."
Scott poured the rest of the wine into his glass and looked at me. I rinsed the pan and put it in the drying rack. I looked up at him as I dried my hands. He looked out the patio door at the waning light. Maggie whined, rule was she didn't get to eat dinner until the people did so she knew it was her turn. I began to move and Scott stood up slowly.
"Come on Maggie I'll get your dinner." He said and I stopped at the end of the counter. He looked over at me. "Well get up there. Don't you know better than to keep a lady waiting?"
I chuckled and turned towards the hallway. When I got upstairs the door to the bedroom was open and I could hear the shower running. She had moved the lights around to the end of the bed. The water stopped and I thought maybe she could use a hand drying off. She took one look at my face and warned me off or we wouldn't get the pictures taken.
"Afterwards though." She whispered in my ear and gave it a little lick. She wrapped the towel around herself and turned to walk past me. I hooked my finger in the towel and it came off as she walked out of the room laughing. I noticed she'd moved the table against the wall and on it was a couple boxes. I looked it over and opened the camera up. It had been unpacked already and on top was a funny faced selfie Jo had shot to test it out. I flipped through the manual to learn the controls. Jo came back a little while later wearing the purple lingerie set again, this time she wore purple lipstick and eye shadow to go with it. Her cheeks even had a dark blush to them. She climbed on the bed and shuffled to the end on her knees.
"Would you flip on the lights and take a shot of my face so we can see if this is too much?"
I did as she asked, turning the lights down a bit from their full power and took a test shot. She sat back on her haunches and waited for it to develop. "I got a little thank you gift for Matt. I'm going to send it all at once. I even wrote him a little love note."
"Really?" I responded warily.
"Oh stop." She reached out and pinched my stomach. "I'll show it to you in a bit." She looked at the picture and made a face. "My eyes look like they were done by a color blind cartoonist." She handed me the picture, climbed off the bed and left the room. I looked at it and thought they were a little heavy on the color, more like something you'd see in a stage show rather than a photograph.
She came back into the room with a little wipe she was rubbing her eyelid with and asked for the photo and left again. The color was darker than the lingerie and I hoped she was going lighter. She came back a few minutes later and stepped in front of the lights and held up the photo to me.
"A couple shades lighter, is it better?"
I swallowed hard. "You look fantastic."
She rolled her eyes and smiled before closing her eyes. "Yes I know that, but how does the color look."
"I can't wait to ruin that lipstick." I said, my voice huskier than normal.
She made a little growl and climbed back on the bed. "Now that's what a girl wants to hear."
"I see you bought plenty of film, what exactly are we going for here?"
"Something that's not in the books. Something a little naughtier?" She blushed even beneath the makeup. I could see that she was worried.
"You look concerned."
"Well, I figure you might be personally interested at this point."
"Just how naughty?" I looked at her wondering. A grin slowly crept across her face.
"Well for the really naughty stuff I was thinking it would be close up, none of those showing my face."
"Uh huh." I lifted the camera up and she dropped the smile and gave me a searing come hither look, her hand touching the bra strap. "Tell me more." I said as I set the picture on the table. She didn't hesitate and undid the bra and dropped it on the bed and massaged her breasts and I took another shot.
"Again." She said and puckered up and blew me a slow kiss. She covered her breasts with her forearm and pushed down one side of the panties with her thumb. She turned around and pulled it down again while looking over her shoulder. She pushed them down to her thighs and leaned forward exposing herself and I held back the next shot.
"You're directing here, tell me what you want."
"Get right in there, give him a closeup." She giggled and turned her face away from the camera. She reached beneath her and slipped a finger in and I shot another picture. She rolled onto her back and we lined up a shot with her legs straight up as she pushed the panties up her legs, then another with them dangling from her toe. She began to finger herself and told me to get in close. I wasn't even looking at the photographs at this point I was just setting them aside as I took them. The film ran out and I had to reload it. She stood and showed me how it went in and told me to wait a minute. She went out of the room and came back with a small bottle of clear liquid. She held it up and it was personal lubricant. "I bet this is going to be nice and shiny." She made a face with her tongue lolling out to the side. She laid back on the bed and spread her legs. "Are you ready for me?"
"I think that's my line." She ran a line of the lube down her fingers and began stroking it into her lips with a hum. "Enjoying yourself?"
"Mmm hmm!"
"Stop." I adjusted her hand so it didn't cast a shadow and took another shot. The scent of berries started to waft through the air. "Flavored lube?"
"As soon as we're done you can check." She said as she pushed a single finger into her and ran it back and forth slowly.
"Oh, that looks delicious." I said to her. She added another finger, the humming got louder. She was right the lubricant was shiny and made her fingers shine as they slipped in and out of her.
"Are you okay? You're not fogging up the lens are you?"
"I stopped taking pictures five minutes ago." I said lying to her. She giggled knowing I was lying because the camera was still clicking away and spitting out images. She dragged her fingers out and began stroking her clit, at one point dragging the hood back dramatically showing a large pink heart. I had to stop myself from leaning in and licking it and told her so.
"Soon enough." She sat up, holding her hand up. She leaned forward and brushed her hair forward into a tangle mess in front of her face. She parted a small spot in front of her lips and puckered up for a kiss again. She brought her fingers up and ran them over her lips, the lube making them shine brighter before she slipped the two fingers into her mouth.
"Jesus." I said as I took the shot. She took her fingers out and slowly licked her lips. Her eyes opened and looked into mine and a smile crept across her face and she closed them again and I got a picture of the smile.
"Put the camera down and close the door." She said softly. When I stood up she grabbed me by the front of my slacks, my cock was hard as a pipe. "That's proof I was doing a good job." She took the camera from my hand and jerked her head towards the door. When I stood in front of her again she had a wicked grin on her face. She unzipped my pants and pulled me towards her, my cock jutting straight out at her. She licked and wet my cock down fully before taking it slowly into her mouth. She pawed around for the camera and held it up to the side of her face and felt around for the button to take the photo.
"I have another idea too but it's going to require you to be naked." I must have looked concerned. "Don't worry, it's going to be a close up. I just need to see if I got this one without a huge identifiable profile of my face in it. Her tongue lashed out at my cock keeping it attentive as the picture developed. "It came out blurry. Think you'd be able to hold it back over my shoulder far enough?"
"I'll try but it requires my cock in your mouth." She smiled and took me deeply and I turned the camera and adjusted it as best as I could while she teased me. I took the shot and she slid back using her tongue to full advantage. She let it go and watched the photograph develop.
"Oh, that's good. You can see the side of my face but not really well. Take your clothes off."
"The romance is over." I lamented.
"You think so, huh?" She said as she took my cock to the back of her throat and drew back slowly. "Have you been man-scaping down here?"
I was naked in a flash. She had stood and straightened out the comforter and looked around. Both nightstand lamps were on she directed me to get on my knees a little away from the foot of the bed and handed me the camera. She pulled the panties back on, pushed me back onto my haunches and straddled my lap, tugged the fabric to the side and slid down my cock. She held onto me around my neck and told me to take a photo of me inside of her. She leaned back as far as she could and still hold herself up, then she just leaned back on both hands as I got a few shots.
She took the camera and put it on the table, turned off the lamps and pushed me back onto the bed and mounted me again this time without the panties on. "Think it would be too forward of me to sign that last one with, 'Wish you were here!'" Jo asked. I laughed then sighed as she sank fully onto my cock. She didn't take long to reach climax and brought me along with her
She lay on top of me in the dim light of the one lamp. I thought she was asleep. "Thank you." She whispered.
"For what?"
"Everything. Everything you do for me, for us."
"I hardly find myself altruistic as I lay with the most beautiful woman I know, and love, naked across my chest. My not completely spent cock still inside of her and wonder why I'm the one being thanked." Jo giggled and laid her head down and nuzzled my neck.
"Not completely hmm?"
"Well it may take a while but no, not completely." I laughed.
"Oh I wanted to show you what I got for Matt." She climbed off me and made a face. "I should clean up a bit before I leave a snail trail down the hallway." We both laughed and she went into the bathroom to wash up. I stood and pulled back the covers and moved the lights away from the bed before climbing back in.
She came back in with a box about the size of a shoe box and climbed onto the bed. She opened it to show a nice leather shaving kit. She showed me all the goodies she'd filled it with, all high end toiletries. "This is pretty cool. When I told the sales guy I need to ship it and it couldn't have any liquids he showed me this, solid cologne. He said it's more subtle than alcohol based ones. He had one on and I grabbed his tie and pulled him over the counter to get a smell. I think I scared him." She said with a laugh.
"I've heard of it. Since you can't bring liquids onto a plane either. It's popular with pilots too." She went on to show the other things she'd bought and filled it with.
"I wrote him a note too." She bit her lip, pulled it out and handed it to me to read. She had written on the envelope, 'Open me first!'
Dear Matt,

Since I missed your graduation I hope this gift finds you well and you enjoy the use of it.First, as you embark into the real world let me tell you that all those men's fashion mags are right.Grooming is key to getting noticed, in the business world and in private.Get the best haircut you can afford, check the side pocket for help.This isn't only handy for job interviews because soon you'll be surrounded by offices, and maybe a few after work bar hops, full of women.I know by the looks that you gave me that you'll be just as interested in them as they will be with you.Be cool, but don't skimp on self-care because nothing tells a woman that you'll take care of her like taking care of yourself.Second, don't let it go to your head.It's all too easy to become that obnoxious Romeo.Play it cool, don't be weird.No staring, no weird compliments on things you shouldn't be complimenting about.Get to know her a little before you throw that first pitch.Don't use the internet, that's creepy, just talk to her, it's the fastest way to get a woman to open up.Get her to talk, and pay attention, don't talk about yourself unless she asks.When you do make that first move, don't act as if you're going in for a kill.A woman isn't a war zone, she's probably in it for the same reasons you are, to have fun.Don't try to get into her pants on the first date, play it cool.To that end, there's a pair of aviators in here courtesy of my personal photographer and pilot friend to help with your cool look.I hope this finds you well and I hope it's a little nudge in the right direction with the lady or ladies in your life.

The little album is an additional thank you gift.What with everything I mention above, I feel that you're a gentleman and gentlemen are discreet, so let's just keep this between us.If they ever end up on the internet I'll know where to find you.

Thank you for everything,
XOXO-XXX
"I like it, love the triple X at the end. Are there really a pair of glasses in there? If not I can pick up a pair or pay you for those." She gave me a withering look and pulled a glasses case out. "I'll get you the money tomorrow." Again I got a withering look. "What?"
"I think I have it covered. It's from both of us, hopefully this way and doesn't make it appear that I'm hitting on him."
"Hard to not send a mixed signal since he never saw you dressed the entire weekend." I said with a laugh.
"I can be a cock tease without being a nympho." She sounded hurt.
I made a questionable sound in my throat and waggled my hand back and forth. She just packed everything back into the box neatly and set it aside.
"I should go see if Scott fell asleep in his recliner." She began to climb off the bed and I reached out and pulled her off balance onto my chest with a yelp.
"Hey. I was teasing." I kissed her softly. "I'm sorry."
"I know." She patted my chest. "It's just that sometimes I'm not so sure myself that I'm not a nympho." She giggled and sat up. "There's more to life than this." She reached down and stroked my cock. "But right now it's the only thing I have to give you. The rest belongs to someone else for a little while longer."
"You've given me so much more than that Jo." I said softly. "Do you need a hand with Scott?"
"No, no we'll be fine." She swallowed hard. "I'm probably going to clean up and go to bed after I make sure he takes his medication and tuck him in for the night."