Beth and her husband Brad were introduced in "The Player' series and standalone 'Beth Has Lunch.'
I've had requests for another Beth story. This continues Beth's sexual transformation from a proper wife to well, something else. Some of Beth's sexual adventures referenced in conversations were added for context. They were not detailed in any previous story.
This takes place in the era before cell phones, the internet, etc.
*****************************************
Brad and Beth were leaving a party hosted by one of the Senior VPs at the firm Brad worked for. He was flattered that he and Beth were included. This was the first time they had been invited to such a high level gathering. It was held at a large house in Great Falls. At the party he admired his elegant five-seven twenty-eight-year-old wife. She dressed fetchingly in a mid-thigh figure hugging tight dress with a neckline low enough to display the tops of her braless 34B breasts. Wearing 2" heels she was almost the same height as her thirty-two-year-old husband.
They enjoyed the chance to meet new people. Beth always mixed well with his coworkers either at parties or after work happy hours. He noticed earlier Beth having an animated conversation with one of his VPs, Jack Warner. Mr. Warner was in his mid-fifties, with a slim build and a distinguished commanding presence benefiting a corporate executive. He was a few inches taller than Beth and it was obvious Beth was giving him a good view of her pert breasts. Brad wasn't jealous but proud his hot looking wife attracted the attention of a successful older man like Mr. Warner. His mind drifted to their earlier party when Rex first hit on her leading to her willing seduction. He couldn't banish the images of his wife wantonly surrendering her body to a guy like Rex.
As the night wore on, he noticed some of the other executives were acting very solicitously with younger wives. One of the VPs was talking to a very attractive blond. She was shorter than Beth and about her age. She definitely was not shy about showing her cleavage. They were standing very close. The VP whispered in her ear. It must have been something funny because she laughed and playfully slapped his arm. The next time he looked their way they had gone.
He thought about looking for Beth but didn't want to intrude on her conversation with Mr. Warner. He went out to the pool deck to take in the crisp fall air. The pool was covered for the season, so he was the only one there. He was in the shadows drinking a beer. He noticed motion from inside the pool house. The lights were off so he couldn't tell who it was or what they were doing. The door to the pool house opened and a man about Brad's age exited the door. A couple was kissing just inside the threshold. Then they joined the other man. It was the same blond and the VP! The younger man must be her husband! The trio walked to the house. He fantasized Beth going to the pool house with Mr. Warner.
He went back inside and was going to look for his wife just as Beth and Mr. Warner entered from downstairs. She had an odd expression, a mixture of relaxation and friction.
The older executive said to the younger man, "Brad my apologies for monopolizing your sexy wife. But this is the first time I've had a chance to get to get better acquainted and the time just slipped away."
"That's quite alright. Beth and I like to mingle and she knows I'm not possessive."
Mr. Warner said to Beth, "It's been delightful. You're such a charming and sexy young woman. I'm looking forward to lunch."
'Lunch? What's that all about?'
Beth said, "Brad doesn't mind, do you honey?" She continued with slight tension in her voice, "I'm looking forward to continuing our conversation over lunch."
They were walking back to their car and Brad slid his hand from his wife's waist to her ass cupping one of her succulent globes. She didn't react the way she normally does. He couldn't figure out what was going on. Normally Beth was animated after a few glasses of wine, and he was pretty sure Mr. Warner hit on her. Usually that turned her on but not tonight.
They reached their car and Brad gallantly opened the door for his wife. Her dress slid past mid-thigh as she settled into her seat. She didn't lower her hemline. Brad buckled in and glanced appreciably at his wife's legs. He caressed her thigh, moving under the hem of her dress eagerly anticipating the hot sex that awaited him.
She put her hand over his and stopped his caress. She practically exploded, "That fucking Mr. Warner!"
"Why are you so upset? Did he hit on you?"
"The term 'hit on me' is an understatement. But that's not all."
"Is it having lunch? You've had business lunches before."
"It's not that kind of lunch." She opened her legs and forcibly thrust his hand further up her skirt until he felt heat emanating from her cunt and wetness on her thong, "It's this kind. Mr. Warner is going to get some of your wife's pussy. Just like Rex."
Brad's confused, "You're going to fuck him?"
"Of course I'm going to fuck him! Did you think it was going to end when Rex was transferred? This is all your fault."
"How is it my fault?"
"This whole thing started when you wanted Rex to feel me and turn me on. I told you it wasn't a good idea. But you insisted and then you passed out and left me alone with him. Then all those other things happened."
"We've been over that. But that doesn't explain Mr. Warner. What happened?"
"We're almost home. We can talk about it then. I don't want to distract you from paying attention to your driving."
They rode the short rest of the way in silence while Brad fantasized about Beth fucking the older executive.
When they arrived home, Beth pulled him close and gave him a passionate kiss, "I need to freshen up. Get me another glass of wine. We can relax on the couch and I'll tell you what happened."
Brad gazed at his sexy wife's ass as she went down the hallway.
'What happened? She's not pissed. Is the thought of fucking Mr. Warner turning her on?'
She joined her husband on the couch. When she sat down her dress rode high on her thighs. She smiled and shifted one leg under the other giving him a good shot up to her thong. Brad handed her a glass of wine and placed his hand midway on her firm thigh. She guided his hand under the hem where he sensed the warmth of her arousal.
She said, "Thanks honey. I needed to calm down."
"I can understand. Tell me what happened between you and Mr. Warner."
Beth began her narrative, "It started innocently enough. I was mingling with some of your co-workers I met before and he approached me to introduce himself. We were making small talk. He was asking me about my job. He's very engaging and easy to talk to. I have to admit I was flattered that an attractive successful businessman like Mr. Warner was giving me that much attention."
Brad said, "He is pretty smooth."
She took a sip of wine and continued, "He's not at all like Rex. I didn't mind when he was checking out my ass or looking down my dress. I was glad I was braless so he could get a good view of my breasts."
"That's certainly a different attitude then when Rex first hit on you."
"I think we agree we've come a long way since then. That's when I let down my guard. We walked through the house talking to other people. After a while I realized we were in a secluded section of the downstairs and there wasn't anyone else around. I was even a little turned on being alone with him. I guess I was thinking about those times when I was alone with Rex."
Brad caressed under her skirt until he lightly touched her slit. Moisture was seeping through the thin fabric of her thong.
"When we walked through the house he had his hand on my waist. A couple of times it drifted down to my hip."
"What was your reaction?"
"I didn't do anything. I liked it when he lightly caressed me. I was becoming attracted to him."
Brad didn't say anything. He continued caressing his wife under her skirt.
"We were standing close to each other and while he caressed my hip, he told me how hot I looked in my tight dress. Then he slid his hand from my hip to my ass."
"Did you move away?"
"No honey I let him feel me. He said, 'Rex was right, no thong.' I just told him it felt good and was glad he liked it. We were standing next to a decorative table and I leaned my elbows on the top and pressed my ass against his hand. He nuzzled the back of my neck just like Rex did in our kitchen. I was trying to be quiet but might have moaned a little.
"God Beth this is so hot. Just like Rex." Brad nipped her earlobe and kissed the erogenous zone at juncture of her collarbone.
She moaned, "Honey that feels so good. Mr. Warner was using his tongue just like that. We stayed in that position for a few minutes. He used his other hand to reach into my dress and feel my breasts. I told him how good it felt."
Brad lightly caressed the tops of the breasts before sliding his hand to her nipples. They practically sprang erect. "Was he feeling you like this."
She arched her back pushing her breast into his hand. "God you're turning me on. He played with my nipples just like that."
Brad reached around her back to unfasten her dress. He undid the clasp and pulled the zipper down. He pulled her dress to her waist to expose her breasts. He admired the way her firm breasts stood high on her chest with small pink fully erect nipples.
He took them in his hands, "I imagine he liked like the feel of your tits."
"He didn't pull my dress down but said Rex was right. I was getting turned on thinking about Rex and Mr. Warner talking about my body."
"We're home so we can do more. I'm sure Mr. Warner was thinking how you would look with your dress pulled down."
Beth continued, "He pressed his cock into my hip and told me how turned I was making him. I let him feel me some more and stood up and turned around to face him. He was feeling my breasts and said Rex told him some good things about me. I batted my eyelashes and said in a coy voice, 'What kind of things Mr. Warner?'"
"What did he say?"
Beth exploded, "Rex told him I was a hot fuck! What kind of fucking company do you work for? I was trying my best to make you proud. I knew what he was trying to do and it was turning me on. I was wondering when he would get around to setting something up and even fantasized about fucking him. But a hot fuck! What kind of seduction is that!"
Brad didn't know what to say. He guessed Rex probably said something to the VPs but calling his wife a 'hot fuck' was a bit much. He asked his wife, "What did you do? You didn't seem upset when you came back upstairs."
"If it's one thing we learned with Rex is we can't be intimidated. I knew what he wanted. He wanted me to act shocked. But I didn't fall for it. I just said, 'He really called me a hot fuck? What else did he say?'"
"Good for you. You're learning not to be intimidated. What did Rex tell him?"
"Honey he told Mr. Warner everything!"
"Everything?"
"Everything! From fucking here on the couch, me sucking him, fucking me in our kitchen, even the time he took me to our bed while you watched tv and then came up to watch us and join in."
"That fucking Rex! I knew he wouldn't be discrete. But never thought he would go that far."
"Let's be real. We underestimated him." She paused to catch her breath, "He even described my pussy."
"Good grief! What did he say?"
"He described how wet and juicy I get. Mr. Warner said he heard my fur matches my hair and how I keep my bush nice and trimmed."
"What was your comeback?"
"Honey he was so transparent. He was obviously looking for another shocked reaction. I hiked my dress above my thong and said in my sweetest voice, 'why don't you see for yourself.'"
Brad took his hands from her breasts and raised her dress up to her hips, exposing her thong covered pussy. Dampness was seeping through the fabric. He opened her legs a little more giving a better view.
"I bet he wasn't expecting that."
"He probably wasn't but it didn't seem to faze him. He opened my thong to check my bush. The he cupped my pussy. I was so wet, two of his fingers slipped in my hot wet slit. He alternated between fingering my cunt and massaging my clit. I was making my little mewing noises while he played with my hot married pussy."
Brad pulled her thong aside, displaying her pussy. He opened her vulva and slid two fingers in her hot cunt. 'god is she wet. Mr. Warner really turned her on.' He cupped her chin and raised her for a kiss. She eagerly accepted his probing tongue.
Beth moaned, "God that feels so good. He slid his fingers in and out of my opening stretching me with three fingers." She thrusted against his palm pushing his fingers deeper in her cunt. "Just like that honey. He was talking real dirty telling me how he wanted to fuck me."
Brad used three fingers and sped up his motion. Beth was writhing against him telling him how much she wanted to fuck the older businessman. It didn't take long for her to cum. She bucked against his palm as she climaxed with an earth-shattering orgasm.
She relaxed against the back of the couch with a contented sigh. She released a post coital laugh, "Fuck honey that was something else. I almost forgot how another man getting my pussy ready makes you so horny."
"I like making you cum. I take it Mr. Warner got you off."
"Did he ever. It was just like when Rex got me off in our kitchen. After making me cum he wanted a blowjob. When I said I didn't want to get cum on my dress he asked for a hand job." She laughed, "I had already been down that road with Rex and told him we needed to get back before you came looking for me."
"So tell me about lunch."
"I took the initiative and asked him when we were getting together. That's when he suggested lunch this Wednesday. We're going to that cute little French bistro in Mclean."
"I take it there's more."
"Is there ever. After lunch we're going to this other guy's nearby townhouse."
"Another guy?"
"That's right! He's inviting a friend." She continued in an exasperated tone, "What's up with that? He could have shown some common courtesy and asked if I minded if he invited a friend."
"He's just playing a domination game."
"I know but it's still annoying. I told him I like two guys."
"You didn't tell him about those guys from Chile?"
"No. That's our secret and I want it to stay that way. I told him I liked it when you joined in when Rex and I were fucking." She chuckled, "He said it didn't count if one of the guys was the husband."
"What's this other guy like?"
"Mr. Warner didn't give me any details. He's a VP at another company your firm does business with. He said I would like him. I think I know what that means."
With that revelation, Brad got up to freshen their wine glasses. Beth still had her dress bunched up around her waist. He sat down next to her and when she accepted she said, "This is how I looked when you passed out leaving me alone with Rex. Would you like to hear about it?"
Brad didn't answer. He slipped her thong off her hips and kissed down her toned abdomen. Moving to a kneeling position, he spread his wife's legs. Her cunt was opened from his fingering, droplets of juice forming around her opening. Normally, he teased her by taking light little licks along her slit gradually opening up her labia. But fantasizing about Beth's fucking two older businessmen had him in a high state of arousal. He clamped his mouth over her opening. His wife lifted her hips and thrust against him as he used his mouth and tongue.
She felt deliciously wicked with her legs spread and her husband eating her out, while she told him about the fucking that Rex gave her.
"Eat my cunt. Think about Mr. Warner and his friend fucking your wife."
Brad was like a wild man eating her pussy, as he fantasized about Beth fucking two older executives. She let out a cry as her orgasm washed over her, her chest heaving. She looked at her husband kneeling between her legs with her juices coating his lips and mouth.
This led to another hot sex session with Beth on her knees sucking his cock and ending on her hands and knees, with Brad pounding her pussy from behind.
Beth woke to the smell of coffee. Stretching her arms above her head, she relived last night with Mr. Warner. She couldn't believe how she let Mr. Warner get her off after just meeting him. But she couldn't let him intimidate her. He did have a good touch. She looked forward to lunch this week. She's certainly come a long way since being upset that Rex blatantly looked at her body to getting together with two older executives for sex.
Brad entered with two cups of coffee. Beth was sitting up in bed with the covers to her waist leaving her breasts bare. She looked positively radiant. He handed her the coffee.
Taking a sip, she said, "Thank you honey. Last night was something else. I have to admit it's always an adventure getting together with people from your company."
"It was a surprise. I think we need to talk about it."
"I guess we do. Why don't you take a shower? You'll feel more relaxed then we can talk."
While Brad was in the shower, Beth sipped her coffee. She absently mindedly ran her hand under the covers to lightly stroke the inside of her thigh. She thought of lunch with two older executives and what would follow. They would probably want her on her knees sucking their cocks. Guys seemed to like a married woman on her knees. She felt the wetness at her vaginal opening picturing being on her hands and knees sucking one man while the other fucked her.
After his shower, Brad joined his wife in bed and pulled the bed covers to their waists. Beth snuggled up against him, "Do you feel better? What do you want to talk about?"
"It's about your lunch with Mr. Warner."
"Is it knowing in advance I'm going to this other guy's townhouse and let them take turns with me? I know you don't like to know in advance but this time it couldn't be helped."
Brad was upset. "It's not that! It's the fact you're going to fuck one of my VP's! I know I was turned on last night, but this if getting out of hand. I going to talk with him."
Beth panicked, "What are going to say? You're not going to do anything foolish are you? Are you planning on barging in his office and tell him to stay away from your wife?"
Brad calmed down, "Nothing like that. I just want to have a rational conversation with him."
"What kind of rational conversation?"
"I'll explain that we got in over our heads with a Rex. We didn't realize what a player he was and you weren't used to guys like that. I'll say we made a mistake but it would be better if he didn't fuck you."
Beth lightly stroked her husband's abdomen under the covers, "Honey I think you're being a little naïve. When it comes to young married pussy guys like Mr. Warner don't think rationally. If it had been just that one time when I fucked Rex while you were passed out nothing more would have happened."
Brad thought for a minute, "Yeah I see your point. We should have stopped the first night. I wouldn't have known unless you or Rex told me."
She moved her hand further under the covers and lightly stroked his cock and whispered in a sultry voice, "But we didn't stop the first night did we?"
"No I was turned on fantasizing about you and Rex even though I didn't know you fucked him."
"That's right. We liked how horny I got when Rex hit on me and the great sex afterwards. You told Rex about our sex life. How turned on did you get when you told him about my pussy?"
"A lot. That's the first time I ever talked about your pussy."
"I know you were. And now Mr. Warner knows about my pussy. He liked feeling me. When he was playing with me, I thought about someone coming downstairs and seeing me with my dress around my waist. What if one of your co-workers saw me acting like a slut instead of a proper wife?"
"God Beth this is turning me on. Did he talk dirty?"
She tongued his ear, "We both did. I felt his cock and told him how I wanted to feel it in my pussy. I told him he could fuck me any way he wanted. He said he'd been wanting to fuck me since Rex told him how good I was."
Beth pushed back the covers and mounted her husband. She pushed her breasts into his mouth and said, "You got so hard when I fucked Rex and you're just as hard thinking about Mr. Warner and his friend getting some of you wife's pussy."
She rocked back and forth on her husband's cock. Brad grasped her hips tightly and took more urgent thrusts driving his cock deep into her pussy. Beth matched his urgency until she felt her orgasm building. Taking shorter but more intense strokes she had another intense orgasm. It didn't take long until Brad tensed up and his shaft throbbed as he let loose a blast of cum.
She rolled off his cock and snuggled beside him and with a post coital laugh said, "God honey you're such a tiger after another guy hits on me. I guess it's not just Rex."
They basked in the glow of third party inspired morning sex.
Brad was the first to speak, "I was thinking about Mr. Warner inviting a friend."
"What about? I can't back out."
"I'm not suggesting that. But it seems you should be able to invite a friend."
"You're right honey. I should be able to invite someone without asking."
"Why don't you invite Fran?"
"Honey that's a great idea."
(To Be Continued)