Lisa's phone buzzed. We were playing hooky from our medical practice to eat lunch in a real restaurant rather than brown-bagging like we usually do.
"It's Nikki," she announced with a grin as she glanced at the screen. "Maybe she has a plan for us to meet the Websters and the Marshalls," she continued with a hopeful look on her face.
Lisa and I had been waiting nearly a month for Nikki to arrange for us to meet the final two couples who share a common interest in extramarital group sex and mild bondage. We had already enjoyed our first encounter with Nikki and Justin Roberts and our second with Keith and Emma Stanley. We were anxious to meet the others.
If all this sounds familiar, it may be that you recall reading my account of Lisa's fantasy 'rape' by Justin and my incredible experience with his wife Nikki afterward. Or perhaps you remember Lisa's rendition of the extremely pleasurable afternoon we shared with Keith and Emma a few weeks later. That fantasy had been my responsibility to plan and bring to life. Nikki was very helpful and it was her recommendation that led me to Keith and Emma, a husband and wife team of massage therapists who, as we soon discovered, clearly possess additional skills.
Later that evening, Nikki and Justin surprised Lisa by showing up at our hotel in South Lake Tahoe for dinner. I knew they were coming, and why, but Lisa didn't have a clue. After dinner Nikki invited us to join the group, having already received enthusiastic approval of the idea from Keith and Emma. All that remained for us to become full-fledged members was to meet the remaining two couples. If everyone hit it off, we could begin having sexual encounters within the group whenever the inclination struck.
"Hi Nikki! What's up?" Lisa asked when she answered the call.
"Whatever it is, I know it's gonna be good!" she exclaimed after listening for a moment or two, the excitement clearly audible in her voice. I looked over at her and raised my eyebrows.
"It's fine with me," she declared after a lengthy silence. "Brett is sitting right here. Let me make sure it's okay with him."
"With their permission, Nikki is sending us a video of the Marshalls and Websters in action. She wants our permission to give them a copy of my rape video," she told me after covering the phone.
I immediately agreed and she passed along my concurrence to Nikki. I didn't know exactly what Nikki had in mind with the video swap but I was certain that Lisa and I would enjoy it.
The two women chatted for a few more moments and then ended the call.
"I think we are in for a treat," Lisa announced. "We'll have the video in a couple of days. It was shot at the Marshall's house. They've built a room in their basement that the couples in the group have put to good use a time or two. She says that Susan is the beautiful little brunette and Amber is the stunner with auburn hair. Nikki is sure that you'll approve. She told me we won't have any trouble identifying Ken and Derek since they are not screwing their own wives in the video," she added with a smile.
"What did she say about the guys?" I asked, curious about Lisa's potential partners.
"She didn't give me any details, but she thinks I'll find them acceptable," Lisa replied with a mischievous grin.
"If Justin and Keith are any indication of the standards within the group, I'm sure you will," I told her with a grin of my own.
"Nikki said that after everyone has had a chance to watch their copies, she'll arrange for us to meet. She believes that both couples will be frantic to make our acquaintance after they see the rape video."
"You realize that things may change for us in a big way now," I offered after a brief pause. "Fantasy enactments may be only a part of what we do from here on out. We know they are all into foursome sex and low-key bondage but we don't have much experience in either area."
"That's true," Lisa replied. "The rape scenario was our only bondage adventure and we've only had the two foursomes. I'm guessing we're about to enter a whole new realm."
"Are you looking forward to it?" I inquired.
"I think so. I suspect that Nikki carefully selected the video she's sending so we can get an idea about what to anticipate later on. I don't get a sense that Justin, Nikki, Keith, and Emma are into anything outrageous, but we won't know about the others until we see the video."
"I agree, and we can always opt out if we feel uncomfortable," I offered.
"That's true, so now we just have to wait for the video to get a glimpse of what the future might hold."
"What shall we do while we wait?" I asked with a straight face.
"I assume we'll find the video highly arousing, which is likely to result in some sort of sexual activity on our part," Lisa answered, equally deadpanned.
"Probably true," I told her, nodding my head in agreement.
"Today is Wednesday. The video will probably arrive on Friday or Saturday. Perhaps we should practice tonight and then abstain for the remainder of the week so we'll be all charged up again for the weekend.
"Sounds reasonable to me. Do you have anything specific in mind?"
"We could go out on a date tonight and then go park somewhere. You can fuck me in the back of the van if you like. If I remember correctly, the back seats all fold flat," she answered with a little smile. We have an old Dodge Caravan that we use for running errands. A 'beater' as such cars are commonly known in the area where we live.
"I believe they do," I replied, smiling back at her. "I'll check the owner's manual."
****
Other than almost getting caught by a sheriff's deputy with our pants down, so to speak, we stuck to our plan for Wednesday and Thursday nights and kept our fingers crossed that the video would arrive soon.
When we returned home at the end of the workday on Friday, we were both ecstatic to find that it was waiting for us in our mailbox.
Nikki had wrapped a note around the disc container telling us that we were about to watch the third encounter between the Marshalls and Websters but it was the first to feature a pair of new bondage devices. Ken and Derek had prepared them on the sly. Until the video was shot, the two women had been kept in the dark and had no idea what to expect.
Distracted by the presence of the video, we decided to just have soup and sandwiches for dinner and then settle in to see what the two couples look like, what their sexual interests might be, and how well they performed.
By eight o'clock we had finished eating, showered and dressed for the occasion. I was wearing a lightweight robe and nothing else. Lisa had chosen a filmy nightgown and nearly non-existent panties that left little to the imagination. As a special treat, I opened a bottle of expensive champagne that we had been saving for a special occasion.
I loaded the disc into the player and then joined Lisa on our family room sofa. With lights properly dimmed and champagne glasses in hand, we settled in for what we felt certain was going to be an extraordinary evening.
Just as I was about to hit the play button, Lisa stopped me.
"Hold on a second," she directed. "What we are about to watch is certain to be highly arousing and, as so often happens, we will be inclined to have sex before the show is over. I don't want to do that this time. No matter how amped up we become, I want to watch the whole thing before we get down to business of our own."
"I agree," I replied. "I promise to keep my hands to myself."
"See that you do mister!" Lisa said with a mock frown. "Now start the movie."
When the screen came to life, we were presented with a bird's eye view of an auburn-haired beauty reclining on a bench of some sort. All we could see of Amber Marshall was a smiling face and firm breasts with prominent nipples pointed up at the camera lens.
As we watched, the camera panned back to reveal more of her body and the bench she was lying on; or more specifically, the bench that was constraining her. It was an odd looking device that resembled a weight lifter's bench but appeared to be more comfortable as it was much wider, softly padded, and had a pillow to support her head.
We could now see that Amber's wrists were shackled to the sides of the bench. We could also see that her feet were being held high in the air in some manner and forced wide apart to reveal her inner thighs, her pussy, and a small landing strip of pale pubic hair.
Through some sort of editing trick, the overhead view morphed into a camera angle that had been shot from somewhere near the foot of the bench that we could now see was higher off the floor than what a weight lifter might find convenient, perhaps three feet or so. Two vertical steel posts, spaced about four feet apart, flanked the end of the bench closest to the camera.
At the top of each post was an eye bolt that held a small single-sheave pulley. Ropes were threaded through the pulleys and fastened to padded leather cuffs that were securely strapped around Amber's ankles. The ropes were holding her legs widely splayed, her toes pointed toward the ceiling. Amber wasn't going anywhere.
"That's quite a contraption. Maybe you'll get to enjoy it someday," I offered.
"God, I hope so!" she responded, just as the screen slowly faded to black.
Moments later an aperture opened in the middle of the screen to reveal a petite brunette with a splendid figure standing next to what looked like a pair of chains suspended from somewhere up above with an odd looking assortment of nylon bands and straps hanging from the ends of the chains.
Susan Webster, wearing a very short satin robe, turned toward the camera, smiled broadly, and gestured like a game show hostess toward the jumbled mess.
"What on earth is that thing?" asked Lisa.
"I have no idea," I responded as Susan removed her robe and tossed it aside to reveal a small, but beautifully proportioned body.
"I'm guessing that Amber is about my height," said Lisa. "Susan appears to be four or five inches shorter which would make her only five-two or so. No matter how tall she is, she's an absolute knockout."
"She certainly is," I agreed as I focused on her small firm breasts and the neatly trimmed dark triangle between her thighs.
"Just think, with a little luck, you might find yourself fucking one of those two beauties in the not-too-distant future," Lisa announced.
"The thought hadn't crossed my mind," I replied.
"Yeah, right."
Another editing trick, some sort of rotating plane, solved the mystery of the device. We were suddenly presented with a frontal shot of Susan reclining in something we immediately recognized.
"It's a sex swing!" Lisa exclaimed.
We owned one and put it to good use from time to time. Our swing had a narrow band for a seat and a much wider one that served as a back and head rest for Lisa's comfort. There were two high nylon loops to serve as handholds, and two loops on long tethers that acted as stirrups. When Lisa sat on the seat, grasped the loops, and inserted her feet into the stirrups, her hands and feet were above the level of her head. When she was ready, she voluntarily opened her legs so I could step in between her thighs and tend to business. After we finished, Lisa could easily extricate herself without assistance if necessary, and if she had the energy.
Susan's swing was a different matter altogether. Her swing looked like it started out similar to ours, but had since undergone several modifications that converted it into an efficient restraint device. The upper loops had been replaced by padded nylon cuffs that encircled her wrists. The stirrups were similarly equipped, firmly holding her ankles.
Each of the cuffs on Susan's ankles had a steel ring sewn into the material. A thick wooden dowel, perhaps three or four feet long, was secured at each end to one of the rings, holding her legs spread wide apart. Although tightly constrained, she appeared to be resting comfortably while waiting for whatever was about to happen. Like Amber, she wasn't going anywhere without help.
Once again, the image on the screen morphed into a different view, this time capturing both women and the two constraint devices that were located only a few feet apart in the room. Next to each was a short stool on wheels.
The ladies' heads were free to move so that each would be able to watch what was happening to the other. As if on cue, Amber and Susan did just that, turning their heads toward each other and smiling radiantly, obviously pleased with the situation in which they found themselves.
"I'll bet you fifty dollars that I can hold out longer than you," proposed Susan with the first spoken words since the video began.
"You're on! I think you'll cum first," Amber responded with a grin. "And it looks like we're about to find out. Here they come," she added as the screen once again briefly went dark.
A split screen appeared next with one camera focused between Amber's legs and the other directed between Susan's.
A naked man, already erect, appeared in each view and approached the device with its helplessly constrained woman. Standing to one side, their erections were clearly revealed as they surveyed the results of their earlier handiwork.
"Are you ladies comfortable?" asked one of the men.
"Yes," responded Amber.
"Absolutely," echoed Susan.
"Good," said a different male voice, "because you are going to be there for a while."
"Then perhaps you guys might want to get started," suggested Amber, her breasts heaving as she began to hyperventilate in anticipation of what was to come. Susan was exhibiting similar signs of excitement but remained silent.
The two men were of similar height. Both had excellent physiques with well-muscled arms, broad shoulders, and taught flat stomachs. One was dark haired, while the other had a lighter shade.
The dark haired man was standing next to Susan, who was clearly focused on his cock and beginning to wiggle her ass a little in the seat of the swing. A glance at the other half of the screen revealed that Amber was rocking her pelvis while she too was staring her guy's equipment.
"Apparently that's Derek beside Susan and Ken next to Amber," announced Lisa, her voice choked with excitement since it was obvious that the action was about to begin. I could feel some tightness in my own throat as well.
"I don't supposed you missed the fact the both gentlemen are sporting impressive erections," I offered, my voice a little strained.
"What erections?" breathed Lisa with a little smile.
"Those guys appear to be in the same class as Justin and Keith," I offered. "Just think, with a little luck, you might find yourself being fucked by one of them in the not-too-distant future," I continued, mimicking Lisa's earlier words.
"That had not occurred to me," she replied with a straight face.
All conversation between us stopped as Ken moved his stool into position and sat facing Amber's open thighs.
A glance at the other half of the screen showed Derek taking a similar position on his stool in front of Susan's swing.
Looking over at each other, both guys grinned and then turned to bury their faces in pussies that were ready for their attention.
"Oh God," moaned Amber.
"Oh God," echoed Susan as the split screen views switched to the overhead cameras. Lisa and I were now looking down the tops of two heads as their owners went about the business of using their lips and tongues to begin pushing the women upward towards the inevitable orgasms both would soon enjoy.
Amber and Susan immediately began making small incoherent sounds of approval as the men expertly manipulated the sensitive areas between their silky thighs. Moments later, both ladies began to rock their hips sharply as their arousal began to build. The men responded by wrapping their arms tightly around those same thighs, forcing the women to remain almost completely immobile.
"Goddammit," groaned Susan, obviously frustrated as she continued futile attempts to grind her pussy into Derek's face.
"Oh fuck!" exclaimed Amber as she experienced similar frustration with Ken.
Unable to contribute in any meaningful way to their own arousal, the two women had no choice but to submit as the men took their time, clearly intending to prolong the oral encounter as long as possible.
Our family room was soon filled with yelps and wails as the two women were brought up to the threshold of orgasm and then skillfully held there by the men.
Lisa, now highly aroused herself, eased one hand inside her panties.
"Careful!" I admonished, although I was well aware of my own throbbing erection where it had parted my robe and was pointed at the ceiling.
"I just need a little relief," breathed Lisa, as she rocked her hips upward toward probing fingers.
"Don't cum yet," I ordered as I paused the video. "They'll be fucking soon and there is no sense in having an orgasm before they finish.
"You're right," she sighed as she reluctantly pulled her hand free, turned toward me, and slipped her fingers into my mouth. Grasping her wrist, I sucked on her fingers for a moment or two and then placed them on the head of my cock.
"Just a quick taste," she murmured as she lowered her face into my lap.
"Oh fuck," I breathed.
A couple of seconds later, Lisa disengaged, gave my cock a squeeze, and smiled impishly at me.
"Restart the movie," she ordered.
When I complied, our excellent audio system continued to entertain us with the sounds of two women teetering on the brink of what were certain to be sensational orgasms.
"I think Amber is going to cum first and lose the bet," Lisa announced breathlessly.
"I don't think so," I croaked.
As usual, Lisa's prediction in such matters prevailed. Amber let out a shriek and began to buck against her constraints as a sensational orgasm took control of her body. Seconds later, Susan released a high pitched wail as Derek pushed her over the edge.
Both men stopped what they were doing and began to gently kiss the insides of still-shaking thighs as the women slowly calmed and their breathing returned to something near normal.
"I won," murmured Susan.
"I don't care," breathed Amber. "I'll trade a million dollar orgasm for fifty bucks any day."
"Well ladies, place your bets if you wish. Round two is about to begin," announced Ken as he came to his feet, pushed the small stool aside, and then placed the head of his cock against the entrance to Amber's pussy. A glance at the other half of the screen showed Derek doing the same to Susan.
"Oh God yes!" exclaimed Amber.
"Fuck me!" demanded Susan.
Once again the guys glanced over at each other and smiled as the cameras shifted back to the overhead view.
With perfect synchronization, two swollen cocks were slowly eased into welcoming pussies, the inch-by-inch penetration clearly captured by the cameras. Ken and Derek were rewarded with soft moans of pleasure from the ladies.
The men took their time, fucking each other's wives very slowly at first, clearly wanting to last as long as possible. In spite of their husband's self-control, the women were so aroused that they were soon making steady progress toward what would be their second orgasm in a few short minutes.
Sensing the women were close, both men picked up the pace and began to thrust with greater speed and power. Amber and Susan were soon approaching the edge and sobbing with pleasure.
Ken and Derek continued to fuck the women very hard, now apparently intent on driving them toward orgasm as quickly as possible. In less than a minute they had both ladies ready to climax but then slowed their pace to hold them in pre-orgasmic limbo. Once again denied release, the women began to whimper in frustration.
"Oh, please, please," Susan pleaded.
"Goddammit Ken! Fuck me! Hard!" ordered Amber.
With a grin in each other's direction, both men abruptly began pounding their cocks into the women with shocking force. The overhead split screens remained focused on rapidly moving cocks as the fleshy sounds of vigorous fucking competed with the yelps and squeals of the two immobilized women.
In less than a minute, Susan let out a prolonged high-pitched wail just as Derek stopped thrusting, released a primal roar, and flooded her pussy, his powerful contractions clearly visible on the large screen.
Seconds later, a loud shriek from Amber and a series of grunts from Ken announced simultaneous orgasmic release as the other side of the split screen displayed nearly identical spasms of ejaculation.
Both men clutched at the restraint devices as their knees nearly buckled, Ken grasping the vertical steel rods of Amber's bench and Derek holding on to the chains supporting Susan's swing.
"Oh God," moaned Susan.
"Oh God," echoed Amber.
"Oh God," moaned Lisa, once again easing a hand inside her panties.
Both women continued to moan softly as the men slowly withdrew their cocks and the television screen once again faded to blackness.
"I think you had better fuck me now," announced Lisa, as she rolled over onto her back.
I didn't need to be told twice. Roughly pulling her panties off and tossing them aside, I positioned myself between her thighs and plunged my engorged cock into her pussy.
"Fuck me hard! Very hard!"
I complied with the lady's wishes, pounding into her with all my strength. It was all over in less than a minute. Lisa rewarded my efforts with a sensational orgasm, screaming out her pleasure and clawing at my back. Seconds later I exploded inside her.
****
The next morning my phone chirped as Lisa and I were finishing breakfast. It was Justin.
"Well, what do you think?" he asked, obviously certain that Lisa and I had already watched the video.
"Unless either of those couples has a serious personality disorder, we're in," I responded.
"Good! They feel the same way about you and Lisa. The rape video blew their minds."
"Okay, what's next on the agenda?"
"Meeting them in person; that's why I'm calling. Nikki and I think the best approach is to get everyone together at once rather than try to link you and Lisa up with the Marshalls and the Websters separately. Are you available to come up to the resort next weekend?"
"We can be. What do you have in mind?" I asked.
"Rather than make it a boring 'getting to know you' social gathering, Nikki and I thought a rodeo would be more appropriate."
"A rodeo?"
"Yes, a rodeo performance by the women. That's all I'll say." Justin replied. "Only if you're interested, of course," he added.
"Based on our previous experiences, we're interested. Is there anything we need to do to get prepared?"
"Just bring what you need to spend the night and make sure Lisa has a cowgirl hat."
"A cowgirl hat?"
"Yep. Can't have a rodeo without cowgirls and cowgirls need hats. We're meeting at noon on Saturday. Can you make it by then?"
"Easily," I said.
"Good," Justin replied. "We'll see you then. When you arrive, come straight up to the house. We'll have a light lunch and then get on with the show."
"Did I just hear you say something about a rodeo and a cowgirl hat?" asked Lisa with a puzzled look on her face when I terminated the call.
"That's what Justin said," I replied. "We have to be at the resort by noon on Saturday. We'll be spending the night. And we have to find a hat for you before we go. I guess the ladies will be riding the guys," I added with a grin.
"Sounds like it," she said. "And if our earlier experiences are any indication, I'm sure it will be fun."
****
By Saturday morning the weather was too cool to take the roadster, so we loaded the Acura with our clothing and toiletries for a night away from home. A really cute cowgirl hat, protected by a sturdy cardboard box, sat on the back seat.
Lisa and I had discussed the coming weekend at length but had come no closer to what Justin meant by a 'rodeo' other than my first guess that the women would end up riding the men in some fashion. The thought of any of the women impaled on my cock was keeping my blood pressure elevated. With luck, it would be either Amber or Susan since I had only experienced them vicariously through their video. I suspected that Lisa was having similar thoughts about Ken and Derek.
"I'm not going to make myself cum on this trip," she informed me as she drove the first leg. "I'd like to, but I think it might be wise to hold off this time. The entire group is going to be there so I'm pretty certain that what happens today will be radically different from anything we've experienced in the past."
Reluctantly, I agreed with her although I was disappointed. Lisa had treated me to a little show of self-induced orgasm on every one of our weekend getaways in the past.
We arrived at High Country Resort just before noon. Several cars were already parked near the A-frame house on the hill behind the resort office where Justin and Nikki live. We were not the first to arrive.
As it turns out, we were the last. Nikki greeted us at the door with hugs.
"Come in! Come in! The Websters and the Marshalls are dying to meet you. Keith and Emma are thrilled to see you again."
After introductions were made, Nikki directed everyone to a buffet luncheon she had prepared. As we ate and sipped a delicate pinot noir, I tried to study the Websters and Marshalls without being too obvious about it. Having seen their video, I was really just confirming what I already knew.
Ken Webster is a good looking man of medium stature with light brown hair. Susan is a very pretty, petite brunette with a mop of curly hair and a stunning figure. Both displayed outgoing personalities. I could see that Lisa was studying them intently, just as I was doing. For their part, the Websters were trying hard not to be too obvious as they scrutinized us.
Derek Marshal is a slightly taller man with darker hair and equally good looks. Amber is every bit as gorgeous as I remembered. They too, were outgoing and friendly. As with the Marshalls, we were all trying to take the measure of each other without seeming to do so.
I found myself having a little trouble wrapping my head around the idea that Lisa and I had watched their video for the umpteenth time last night and then fucked ourselves into a coma as a result. Seeing them fully clothed was a bit bizarre.
I spent enough time fantasizing about sex with the two women that I was soon erect and thankful we were seated at a table. I knew that Lisa was indulging in her own fantasies because I could see her squirming slightly in her seat.
In due course we finished lunch. Justin rose to his feet and tapped his wine glass with a spoon to get everyone's attention.
"I know that a gathering of everyone is unusual, but Nikki and I thought it was the best way to introduce Lisa and Brett. By now, you've all watched the videos Nikki sent out and I am confident that no one is reluctant to welcome the Nicholsons into our little group. And I have been assured that they have no misgivings about joining us." Everyone in the room nodded their heads and smiled in agreement.
"We have planned a little something to spice things up a bit. The rodeo is about to begin. It will be followed by a Sadie Hawkins event. I can guarantee that everyone will enjoy both forms of entertainment," he continued.
"Sadie Hawkins. Like a dance?" Emma asked with a little smile on her face.
"Not exactly," replied Justin, "but Sadie Hawkins rules will apply. Lady's choice."
Now we all looked puzzled but Nikki got to her feet and immediately had everyone's attention.
"Did each of you ladies bring a cowgirl hat?" she asked and received affirmative nods from four very puzzled women.
"Good. Let's go fetch them and we'll take a little hike over to the fitness center. You guys stay here with Justin."
The women shared shrugs, grins, and raised eyebrows but got obediently to their feet and followed Nikki outside to their cars. All the guys remained seated with similar puzzled looks while Justin maintained a self-satisfied smile on his face.
"Nikki will call my cell when everything is ready. Why don't we all go downstairs and shoot pool while we wait?"
****
There was time enough for everyone to play a round or two of nine-ball by the time Justin's phone chirped. He listened for a moment and then grinned.
"Time to go guys. Follow me."
As the women did with Nikki, we all headed outside with Justin who led us to a side entrance of the fitness center.
"This is the men's locker room. Put your clothes and belongings in a locker, take a shower, and put on one of those robes hanging on the wall over there," he directed as he gestured toward the line of robes.
We knew that sexual activity of some sort awaited us. With barely concealed excitement, all of us, Justin included, stepped into a large shower stall. A few minutes later we were dressed in the short robes and waiting impatiently for further instructions.
We didn't have to wait long. Justin waved us forward and we followed him down a short hallway to a large room. All the buildings at the resort present a woodsy, rustic appearance from outside but are beautifully appointed inside. The fitness center was no exception. We walked into the room and were confronted with a large, modern, well-it space.
I don't know about the other guys, but I was startled by what I saw. Or, more accurately, what I didn't see. Expecting a bunch of exercise equipment, perhaps with each of the ladies in some sort of pose on one of the machines, it took a moment for the scene before me to coalesce in my brain.
There was plenty of exercise equipment but it has been shoved up against one side of the room. Ten folding metal chairs were arranged in a large circle, every other one occupied by one of the wives wearing a short satin robe, a cowgirl hat, and a grin aimed at the puzzled looks on our faces. The arrangement of beautiful women was intriguing, but it was the center of the circle that really grabbed my attention.
The women were surrounding a mechanical bull. We've all seen them, either in bars or movies. For my part, I've never been in close proximity to one but I could see immediately that no mechanical bull like this one had ever been made available to the public.
This bull had been equipped with an English-style saddle, complete with stirrups attached by metal clips to slots in the leather. The stirrups were puzzling since they defy the intent of a mechanical bull. The saddle had been covered with some sort of rubber-like material.
While the stirrups were unusual, they paled into insignificance next to the large, stiff dildo that was protruding from the saddle and pointing upward toward the ceiling. Directly in front of the dildo was a pronounced hump about an inch and a half in height. A few inches in front of the hump was a handle, mounted crosswise, that was large enough for a two-handed side-by-side grip.
A quick glance at the guys confirmed that we all knew what was about to happen. Small bulges were already starting to appear in several robes. A glance at the ladies told me they were eager to begin.
"Gentlemen," says Nikki, "take a seat in any chair of your choosing. Where you sit will have no bearing on what happens later. And, whatever happens in the next half hour or so, please remain seated."
I exchanged a small shrug with Keith and Derek who were standing closest to me and then walked over to the chairs occupied by Amber and Susan. Both ladies smiled at me as I took my seat between them. Lisa was perched on a chair directly across the circle from me, barely visible on the far side of the bull. Within a few seconds, all the guys were seated and Nikki got to her feet.
"This is a genuine mechanical bull that Justin purchased from a bar in town when the owner decided to get a newer model," she told us. "He has modified it to the configuration you see before you. For safety's sake, the speed has been adjusted to a slower setting. We don't want any of the ladies to be unseated during their ride."
"I have ridden this fellow a time or two before," she continued, "so I will go first to demonstrate his capabilities."
Turning toward the bull, Nikki retrieved a tube of lubricant from the platform beneath the bull and applied a liberal portion to the dildo and the little hump. Removing her robe, she tossed it aside to reveal the splendid body I remembered so well, and then stepped up onto the base.
Placing one foot into a stirrup, she swung the other leg over the back of the bull to take possession of the stirrup on the other side. When she was standing up in both stirrups, she smiled at the assembled group and then slowly lowered herself into position, guiding the dildo into her pussy with one hand. When she was fully seated, she reached down to detach the two stirrups and drop them to the floor. Everyone could see that the little hump was in close proximity to her clitoris.
"The stirrups are used only to mount and dismount the bull," she announced. "The idea is to remain impaled for the entire ride," she informed the group as she reached forward to flip a switch mounted near the handle.
The bull began to move; bucking, twisting, and turning just like its barroom counterpart but at a slower pace. Nikki briefly mimicked a rodeo rider by holding one hand high in the air and clinging to the handle to maintain her balance with the other. Seconds later she abandoned that idea, grasped the handle with both hands, and let out a loud moan.
All of us knew we were witnessing something unique. Nikki's body was in constant motion as the bull moved under her, her firm breasts bouncing prettily, the dildo changing position inside her with every twist, turn and lunge, and the small hump massaging her clit. Her cries quickly filled the room as she was rapidly pushed upward toward what was certain to be a spectacular orgasm.
By then, all the men in the room were fully erect. Several engorged cocks were visible where robes had parted. The ladies perched on their chairs were breathing heavily and squirming in their seats, clearly aroused and eager for their turn. Nikki was getting close, maintaining a death grip on the handle and holding her clit as tightly against the little hump as possible while the bull moved under her.
Emma slid out of her chair and approached the bull just as Nikki threw her head back, let out a piercing wail, and dropped over the edge into orgasmic bliss. After allowing the bull to make a few more moves to ensure that Nikki's orgasm had run its course, Emma darted forward to cut off power to the machine. The entire ride, from power-on to power-off had taken about two minutes.
As the bull slowed to a halt, the rest of the ladies abandoned their chairs and rushed to Nikki's aide just as she slumped forward, legs still quivering in response to her orgasm.
It took a minute or so for her to recover enough to think about dismounting. After Lisa clipped the stirrups back onto the saddle, Susan and Amber helped Nikki insert her feet and stand up just enough to allow the slick wet dildo to slip free. With additional help from the ladies, she dismounted and walked unsteadily back to her chair where she sat with a beatific smile on her face.
Motion near the bull diverted everyone's attention in time to see Emma discard her robe. For the second time that day I was treated to the sight of a beautiful naked woman that I had fucked a few weeks earlier. Her pale Celtic skin and flaming red mane clearly announced her heritage as she mounted the bull. Mimicking Nikki's technique, Emma was soon seated in the saddle and squirming slightly to adjust her position relative to the little hump. Without delay, she unclipped the stirrups, dropped them to the floor, and reached forward to flip the switch that brought the bull to life.
Emma's ride was a near duplicate of Nikki's. After removing her cowgirl hat to hold it high in the air, she attempted to maintain her position with one hand. Finding that too difficult, she tossed her hat to the side, grasped the handle with both hands, and announced her approval of the bull's performance with yelps, moans, and incoherent exclamations of pleasure. After a minute or so she was teetering on the edge of what seemed likely to be a crushing orgasm. With a final shriek she threw her head back and fell forward across the handle just as Amber arrived to switch off the power.
As before, all the ladies, except Nikki who had not yet fully recovered, rushed to Emma's side, helped her dismount, and led her back to her chair.
Amber, clearly in heat, walked quickly back to the bull, tossed her robe aside, reattached the stirrups, and mounted the bull, moaning softly as she lowered herself onto the glistening dildo. I was particularly interested in watching Amber's ride. She was one of two women in the room that I had not yet fucked. All the women are drop-dead gorgeous, but I wanted to pay special attention to Amber and Susan as they rode the bull.
Amber didn't last any longer than Nikki or Emma. Within seconds she was vocalizing the success of her ride and quickly succumbed to the stimulation provided by the dildo and the clitoral hump. Her orgasm was so intense that its aftershocks seemed to last a little longer than those experienced by Nikki and Emma, her tremors clearly visible well after Lisa cut power to the machine.
I glanced around at the other guys. All had pulled their robes aside to expose impressive erections. Keith and Justin were slowly stroking their cocks. Fearing too much stimulation, I refrained from doing so.
In accordance with the order the women had established, Lisa was next. I had been keeping an eye on her throughout the earlier performances, whenever the position of the bull allowed, and I knew she was very highly aroused. Her face and neck were flushed, her breathing was irregular, and she kept crossing and uncrossing her legs while awaiting her turn.
Mounting the bull, she grinned over at me and tilted the little cowgirl hat onto the back of her head. After applying power to the machine she surprised everyone in the room, except me, by cumming in about a minute, her high pitched wail announcing a devastating climax. Lisa is naturally orgasmic and cums easily. Sixty seconds was by no means a record.
When Lisa had been helped back to her chair, Susan stepped up onto the platform. She is so small that I was concerned she wouldn't be able to tolerate the large dildo or the vigorous motion of the bull.
My fears were unwarranted. Susan quickly stood in the stirrups and then lowered herself onto the artificial cock without any sign off discomfort. Mimicking Emma, she held her cowgirl hat in the air for a few seconds as the bull began its repertoire of lunges, bucks, twists, and turns. Although she had observed four riders before her, she apparently had misjudged the sensations provided by the dildo and clitoral hump. The hat quickly fell by the wayside as she grasped the handle tightly with both hands.
I was mesmerized by the perfection of her small body and its response to the motion of the bull. Firm breasts and alert nipples danced rhythmically as her cries began to fill the room. As I had been while watching Amber, I was soon consumed with primal heat at the thought of fucking the diminutive woman sometime in the future.
As with all the ladies before her, Susan ramped up quickly and climaxed with a prolonged shriek of pleasurable release. Nikki was at her side in an instant to shut off the machine and was joined by all the ladies except Lisa who had not yet recovered enough to have confidence that her legs could support her body.
All the men were clearly at a fever pitch. We were pretty certain we were about to participate in some fashion, but had no idea what form our involvement might take. Whatever it was, we desperately wanted it to begin soon. We were crestfallen when all the women returned to their chairs, fully naked, and showing no interest in us at all.
I was acutely aware that I was seated between the beautiful Amber on my left and the exquisite Susan on my right. If the gods smiled upon me, I would be fucking one of them soon.
"Ladies," Nikki announced when everyone was seated, "while Justin moves the bull out of the way, it is time to make your choices. Raise your hand when you've made your decision."
Justin, erection poking out of his robe, got to his feet while Nikki moved her chair aside. Unlocking casters I had not noticed before, he easily rolled the monster clear of the circle. Nikki replaced her chair when Justin returned to his.
For several agonizing minutes, all five women adopted pensive expressions on their faces; presumably deep in thought as they tried to decide who they were going to choose for whatever was going to happen next. They made a good show of it, pursing their lips, tugging at their chins, and frowning prettily.
I was about to lose my mind. I knew Lisa was not going to choose me but everyone else's choice was up in the air. As deliciously sexual as Nikki and Emma were, I desperately wanted to be paired with either Amber or Susan.
Finally, Emma raised her hand. Amber and Susan quickly followed suit. Lisa tentatively raised her hand and then let it drop back into her lap. Several moments later, she raised it again and gave me a mischievous grin.
Nikki, clearly in charge, did not raise her hand. Instead she got to her feet and was quickly followed by the other women. I felt like my heart was going to stop. I am a physician, so I knew that wasn't going to happen, but it certainly seemed that way.
Suddenly, all the women were in motion, strutting naked around the circle in front of the chairs while they stared pointedly at our exposed erections. After three complete circuits, they stopped. Susan had stopped in front of Keith, Nikki in front of Ken, and Emma in front of Justin. Lisa was standing in front of Derek and Amber came to a halt before my chair. I couldn't believe my good fortune.
Everything happened quickly after that. All five women bent down, pushed our legs apart, and then dropped to their knees. Seconds later, the heads of five engorged cocks disappeared between soft lips. Five men moaned with pleasure in response.
I watched, fascinated, as Amber's head bobbed up and down in my lap. The feeling was exquisite. It was also short lived. The women suddenly stopped. The abrupt change of pace left the men blinking in disappointment. But not for long.
Apparently, fellatio was just a teaser. Amber rose to her feet and held out a hand to me, clearly wanting me to join her. The rest of the women were doing the same with their partners. When I was standing, erection pointed directly at her, she took my hand and led me around to the back of the chair. A quick glance around the room told me that all the guys were being similarly placed.
"To what do I owe my good fortune?" I whispered.
"A coin toss," she whispered back.
Abruptly she turned around to face the back of the chair, took a stance with widely spread legs, and bent over to place her hands flat on the seat. The other women immediately did the same. The position they had taken left little room for misinterpretation. Thrilled beyond measure, I knew exactly what was expected of me.
Discarding my robe and stepping up behind her, I slipped my cock easily into her pussy as I watched Derek do the same to Lisa. The other guys tossed their robes aside and quickly entered their partners.
The cleverness of the whole chairs-in-a-circle idea soon became apparent. With the women positioned as they were and the men entering them from the back, everyone was able to watch everyone else.
I spent a few seconds checking out the other couples, but most of my attention was riveted on Lisa as Derek began to fuck her. She moaned softly in response but kept her eyes locked on mine. I was sure that Amber and Derek were doing the same thing. Deliberately, I grasped Amber by the hips and matched the speed of my thrusts to Derek's. He was in no hurry and neither was I, both of us obviously intent on prolonging the finale.
The other couples in the circle were doing pretty much the same thing. The whole point of this final act was extramarital fucking in full view of husbands and wives. It would all end soon enough without proceeding in haste.
In spite of our slow, steady pace, the women were beginning to react. Soft cries and tiny yelps became audible as they were being slowly pushed up the slope toward orgasm. All the guys responded by increasing the speed and power of their thrusts and were rewarded with more emphatic exclamations of pleasure from the ladies.
It wasn't long before the fleshy sounds of impact began to fill the room, competing with the ladies as they vocalized their increasing arousal.
Amber began to thrust back against me and cry out more sharply. Lisa was doing the same with Derek. A quick glance around the circle told me that we were all on about the same pace. I knew everyone was not going to cum at exactly the same time, but I didn't think we would be far apart.
Susan was beginning to let out sobs of pleasure. Keith immediately picked up the pace in response. Seconds later, she let out a high-pitched wail and began to tremble violently with orgasmic spasms.
"Oh God! Oh God!" Nikki cried as Ken began to pound his cock into her with all his strength. Seconds later his efforts hurled her over the top just as he let out a loud groan of release.
Emma was the next to cum, crying out sharply as Justin spurted into her with a low growl.
Lisa's eyes were beginning to lose their focus as she was pushed closer to the edge. Realizing she was close, Derek redoubled his efforts. Within seconds she let out a high-pitched wail of pleasurable release.
Watching my wife cum was more than I could handle. An exquisite tightness deep inside me signaled the onset of powerful contractions just as Amber let out a sharp cry, her pussy clamping rhythmically around my cock.
All five women clutched at their chairs as the men struggled to stay upright while trying to help the ladies retain their balance.
When Amber was finally at rest and I could breathe normally again, I withdrew my dripping cock. Glancing around, I realized we were the last couple to disengage. Everyone else was grinning at us as I helped her stand upright.
When we could trust our legs enough to walk, all the guys returned to their wives. Lisa, still a little wobbly, clung to my arm.
"Gentlemen," Nikki began, "your wives have the keys to your cabins. I think we all need to rest for a while. Happy hour is at six o'clock up at the house followed by dinner at seven."
I was startled to see that a clock on the wall proclaimed the time to be only two-thirty in the afternoon. We had been in the fitness center slightly less than an hour.
"Let's clean up here and then head for our cabin," suggested Lisa. "I need a nap."
"Me too," I agreed.
The other couples seemed to have the same idea. All of us adjourned to our respective locker rooms to shower and reclaim our belongings. Ten minutes later, fully dressed, Lisa and I were in the Acura, headed for our cabin, which turned out to be the same one we had enjoyed on our first visit to the resort.
A few minutes later we were drifting off to sleep in the same bed where Lisa had been 'raped' by Justin many weeks before. My last conscious thought was that we would put the bed to good use later that night.
****
Happy hour was in full swing when we arrived a little after six.
"Martinis?" asked Justin who was holding a pitcher in the air near the wet bar.
"Absolutely," Lisa and I agreed in unison.
Accepting our drinks, we turned away from the bar and immediately encountered Derek and Amber Marshall. I was instantly overcome by a sense of the surreal. After our first extramarital adventure with Justin and Nikki, they left the cabin immediately and I had only a brief moment with Nikki the next morning. Keith and Emma left our hotel room as soon as we concluded our business with them. This was different.
A couple of hours ago, Derek and I were energetically fucking each other's wives in full view of each other. Now we were engaging in idle chit-chat, fully clothed, as though nothing unusual had happened. Bizarre indeed.
A short while later, with freshened drinks, Ken and Susan Webster sidled up next to us by the bar.
"We have some unfinished business," announced Susan with a wicked grin.
"We certainly do," agreed Lisa.
"I lost the coin toss," Susan continued, looking directly at me, "so you and Lisa got to fuck the Marshalls this time around."
"Then we need to make up for your loss," interjected Lisa with a smile. "What do you have in mind?"
"If possible, we'd like to do something along the lines of your fantasy enactments," Susan offered hopefully.
"Well, if it were just Brett and me, I would be in charge of organizing the next getaway since he was responsible for our last one with Keith and Emma. Today doesn't count since it was Nikki's idea. How about you and I put our heads together and plan something to entertain the guys?"
Ken and I just grinned at each other.
"Oh, I'd love that!" Susan exclaimed with a bright smile.
"Then I'll give you a call later this week and we can talk about it."
"Perfect!"
Ken and I thought so too.
****
By nine o'clock Lisa and I were back in our cabin and had a cheerful fire going. Both of us had donned heavy robes and were looking forward to cuddling up in front of the fire with drinks in hand.
"I'll open a bottle of sherry and you can tell me all about the bull. How did it feel?"
"It was absolutely wonderful," she replied as I worked on the bottle. "The dildo was stationary but the bull threw my body around so it felt like I was being fucked from a hundred different penetration angles. With the little hump thrown in the mix, I knew I was going to cum quickly."
"About a minute was my guess," I offered with a grin. "Now, tell me how the rodeo and its aftermath were orchestrated in such a short time."
"Nikki had everything planned out in advance as you might expect," Lisa began. "She explained all about the bull and then we decided in advance who we were going to have sex with at the end. Everyone thought that you and I should have sex with either Susan and Ken or Amber and Derek. A coin flip decided the matter. The little act at the end where we all pretended to have trouble making up our minds was my idea."
"Nice touch," I said with a smile.
"You should have seen the looks on your faces. All of you guys looked like kids confronted with a Christmas tree and lots of presents that you weren't allowed to touch."
"I don't know about the other guys, but the suspense was killing me. Had either Nikki or Emma chosen me, I would have been pleased, but I really wanted to be paired up with either Amber or Susan."
"How was Amber, by the way? From what I could see, you were thoroughly enjoying yourself."
"She is beautiful, receptive, and energetic. I loved every second of it, but watching you and Derek is what really turned me on," I answered.
"Good. I want you to be turned on when you watch some other guy fuck me," Lisa declared with a sultry smile.
"Speaking of fucking..."
"Not tonight."
"Why not?"
"New rule. We have to make love whenever we've been with another couple, just like we did after having sex with Keith and Emma."
"Do we have to?" I asked with a frown.
"Yes, we do," Lisa answered with a thousand-watt smile.
Two hours later, having complied with the rule to Lisa's satisfaction, I pulled the covers over us and we fell asleep in each other's arms.
*****
To be continued...maybe.
I encourage readers to vote and comment. Constructive thoughts, suggestions, and criticisms are always appreciated. If you prefer to provide feedback privately, I answer all e-mails.