Another chapter in the lives of polyamorous couple, James and Jenna. This one could be either in Lesbian Sex, Group Sex or Exhibitionism/Voyeur. I hope you enjoy their journey!
At the beginning of summer between sophomore and junior year, James picked up more hours at the catering company. In early June, he asked the girls if they could help out with catering at an alumni event the next weekend. The job was only for one night so the girls decided they would do it. They were required to wear their own black skirts and white button down shirts, with a thin back tie that the company provided. Jenna of course insisted that they wear the shortest skirts possible and no underwear. Bethany agreed emphatically with the skirt, if only so she could watch Jenna, but decided to wear a thin, black thong. She did admit that the thought of her naked pussy barely veiled behind a tiny skirt in front of a crowd was tantalizing. She could still watch Jenna and imagine her bare lips chafing together as she offered plates of fancy hors d'oeuvre to the older alumni.
Jenna wore one of Bethany's shirts, which was several sizes too small. Jenna couldn't button it over her ample chest so she just kept it partially undone, wearing a low, lacy camisole underneath that did nothing to cover her robust cleavage. The owner was not happy with their choice of clothing, but he was desperate for help and could not turn them away. He trusted James and had faith the girls would be hard workers.
James was tending the bar and knew what the girls were sporting under their tight, micro mini skirts. He watched them smirk at each other and bend over in exaggerated fashion, sticking their asses in his direction. He caught small glimpses of Jenna's thick, bare pussy lips but it was harder to see Bethany's. Her ass was significantly smaller than Jenna's so her skirt didn't rise as easily.
When Bethany came to the bar to fill a drink order, they talked discreetly about Jenna and how gorgeous she was, both delighting in Jenna's exhibitionism. Bethany disclosed how comfortable she was with Jenna and him, and how happy she had been in the past few weeks. The pair both observed Jenna look at them out of the corner of her eye while a gray-haired professor ogled her breasts through her tight shirt, the few closed buttons threatening to pop open if she dared push her shoulders back. She continued speaking to the professor but a smirk glinted at the corners of her mouth, and she pushed her tits slightly in his direction, further freeing them from the too small shirt. Putting her hand gently on the man's forearm, she looked at him with her doe eyes, cocked her head and excused herself, smiling sexily as she turned to walk in their direction.
She had an extra sway in her step and James and Bethany watched the old man's mouth gape as he stared at Jenna's firm, barely clad ass. She stepped up to the bar, put her elbows on it and leaned in, jutting her ass out to the man and the crowd. He continued to stare as she was likely exposing the very bottom of her young ass cheeks with the crest of her luscious pussy lips peeking out. He tactfully pushed one hand into his undoubtedly swollen cock and quickly turned to walk away. James described the man's reaction while Jenna laughed and stood up, hopping up quickly to plant a kiss on his lips.
When they all got home from the event, they showered together. This had become a common occurrence for them and they usually spent at least some of the shower exploring each other's bodies. The night before, Bethany and James had kissed for the first time. While Jenna had been gently lapping her pussy as she was supine on their bed, he had leaned down and slipped his tongue into her sweet, little mouth. She zealously kissed him back, reaching up to run her hands through his hair. He moved his mouth down her neck and began to suck on her nipples. She came on Jenna's face, his mouth engulfing her young tit. Jenna had loved seeing them as she looked up from Bethany's pussy. She knew the time was close that Bethany would let him slip his cock into her.
James was thinking about the previous night as he sat down on the bench, the two girls chatting and washing in front of him.
"I don't know about you too, but I am so turned on from tonight. I think I am becoming quite the skilled exhibitionist!" Jenna gloated as she stood behind Bethany and washed her hair.
"You really are," moaned Bethany, her eyes closed as she enjoyed her scalp massage.
James was entranced by Bethany, her tiny tits dripping with suds. He watched the suds drip down her thin abdomen and get lost between her delicate thighs. The girls had refreshed their brazilians a few days ago so they were extra slick. Bethany's pussy was only inches from Jame's face.
"Did you enjoy it Bethany? I was hoping to see more of your cute, little ass out there," Jenna said as she reached her soapy hands down and squeezed Bethany's ass. This caused Bethany's hips to push forward, and James quickly planted a soft kiss on the top of her mound.
"I loved it," Bethany said as she opened her eyes and locked them onto James'. She had a look of lust on her face. James didn't miss a beat and kissed her mound again, this time letting the tip of his tongue slip in between her wet lips. Jenna saw what was happening and wrapped her arms around Bethany, scooping up her dainty tits and squeezing those perfect pink nipples between her fingers. Bethany continued to watch James as he teased his mouth around her slippery mons.
"Do you want to move to the bed, Bethany?" Jenna asked as she kissed Bethany's neck.
"Yes", whispered Bethany. They rinsed off and left the shower, only stopping briefly to towel off. Jenna hopped into bed first, sitting on the pillows with her back against the headboard. She held out her hand to Bethany.
"Come here and lean into me", Jenna said as Bethany took her hand. Bethany crawled into bed, settling herself between Jenna's open legs, both facing out to James. She rested her head between Jenna's ample breasts, still glistening from the shower. Jenna massaged Bethany's shoulders and Bethany relaxed into her, opening her legs for James to see her bare cunt.
"Do you want James to lick your pussy?" Jenna asked.
"I do. Is that ok?" Bethany turned her head so she could look up at Jenna.
"It's more than ok, Bethany. You can have anything you want when it comes to us."
Bethany smiled and looked back to James.
James kneeled on the edge of bed and slid his body down until his mouth was inches from Bethany.
"Can I put my finger in you?" he asked. Bethany slowly nodded.
He pushed his index finger into Bethany's slender slit, and she cooed with pleasure. He curled his finger up and found her g-spot, massaging the tender spot rhythmically.
As she melted into his hand, he inserted a second finger. She gasped slightly but moved her legs further apart. Jenna had reached under Bethany's arms and was fondling her tits, still kissing her lean neck. Bethany closed her eyes, her head slightly bent to the side, offering her neck up to Jenna's mouth. Jenna had her eyes open and was watching James fingers working inside Bethany's precious hole.
"This feels amazing. I love you both so much." Bethany whispered, enraptured in their joint attention. Jenna and James smiled at each other and Jenna slid one hand down to Bethany's clit, tickling just the tip with one finger.
"We love you too, Bethany. You are so fucking sexy right now. I wish you could see yourself like I do" Jenna said as Bethany began to roll her hips around to the motion of James and Jenna's fingers.
"I have wanted to taste you for a long time" James mumbles in his deep, sexy voice. "You are so tight and warm."
James bent his head down and rolled his tongue up Bethany's little cunt, replacing Jenna's fingers with his mouth. He sucked slowly and deliberately, continuing to press his fingers into her G-spot. Bethany reached her hands up and wrapped them around Jenna's neck as she arched her back in pleasure.
Jenna's hands had moved to Bethany's outer pussy lips and were gently spreading them apart for James's mouth. Bethany moaned loudly, unable to control the waves of orgasm crashing over her. Thankfully they had the house to themselves tonight so they could let Bethany cum loudly, and she did. Bucking against James mouth, she screamed and panted in transcendent rapture.
Once her body relaxed, James released himself from her sopping cunt and sat up. Jenna let go of Bethany's pussy lips and returned to gingerly massaging her firmly erect nipples. Jenna nipped at Bethany's neck and let out a little growl.
"You are a fucking sex kitten. I wish I had a video of that orgasm so I could watch it over and again. So hot!"
Bethany released her hold on Jenna's neck and giggled, sitting up. Jenna's hands released Bethany's tits and Bethany turned around to face Jenna. The girls kissed wildly and James put his hands on Bethany's ass, pushing and spreading her cheeks apart to see her little pink button. He wanted to lick it but again, didn't want to push her boundaries. Bethany sat up and rolled over onto her back next to Jenna.
"Ok, this is what I want to happen now" she said, looking at them coyly. They stared at her in anticipation. Was she going to want James to fuck her?
"Jenna, kneel over me while James fucks you from behind. I want to watch you cum from underneath.
James was happy with that request, and would continue to be patient when it came to Bethany's virginity. Jenna squealed and hopped up, straddling Bethany then leaning down to kiss her.
James watched the girls make out for a minute with Jenna's ass now swaying in front of him. Jenna's legs were already spread giving him a full view of her open cunt and asshole. He straddled Bethany's slender legs and bent down to lick Jenna's ass. She moaned and wiggled her hips back and forth. He then grabbed her by the hips and speared her cunt swiftly with his raging hard-on, pushing it in deep.
Jenna's slick cunt gripped him tightly, her Kegel exercises paying off. He watched his cock slide in and out of her as he pushed her hips away then slammed her back to him. She had stopped kissing Bethany and was now loudly grunting with every impact to her greedy cunt. Bethany was laying perfectly still and straight underneath Jenna, watching Jenna's smooth, round breasts bounce with the force of James. Her deep brown, hard nipples would occasionally graze Bethany's face, and Bethany would open her mouth and let the tit slide down her tongue.
Jenna closed her eyes as her orgasm came on, and Bethany grinned wildly watching Jenna's beautiful face contort in ecstasy.
"Come with me James!: she practically screamed as her pussy clenched down on his cock one final time. James exploded into her, releasing a loud grunt of his own.
Bethany scooted down so she could watch him bury his cock deep inside Jenna, and leaned up to lick Jenna's clit, James' cum already leaking out of her hole.
"Fuck!" Jenna screamed, and pushed her hard clit into Bethany's mouth, extending her orgasm, James cock softening inside her. Bethany watched as James pulled his cock out, and let it lay on Jenna's bare pussy lips. She licked the tip gently before sliding back up to Jenna. They released each other and cleaned up, returning to the bed naked. Jenna was in the middle as usual, but this time James and Bethany held hands over her abdomen as they fell asleep.
After Memorial Day weekend, the campus emptied out as students went back home or off to summer internships. James was planning to stay on as a bartender and caterer with the company he had been working for, and Jenna picked up a part time job at a nearby seaside resort flush with summer travelers. Bethany did not work and had only signed up for one summer class. Her family was pretty well off, which she took advantage of so she could be with Jenna and James.
Sometimes on Fridays, Bethany would visit Jenna at the resort and watch her work in her skimpy summer uniform. Jenna had to wear white shorts, the length of them unprofessional by most standards, white tennis shoes and a pale pink polo shirt. She kept the polo unbuttoned and wore extreme push-up bras, forcing her already large tits into the little vee of her neckline. She purposefully ordered the shirt one size too small, and she enjoyed when she caught the husbands taveling with their wives and kids eye-fucking her.
Her boss was a rich but sleazy old man, and she knew he definitely didn't mind the view. He would sometimes ask her into his office just to point down at his desk, stating he needed her opinion on whatever he was reviewing on his open laptop. Jenna would squeeze in next to him, leaning over so her breasts were in his face and read the screen. It was usually something banal, like what the chef was preparing for that Sunday's buffet or which movie they would show for kids night, but Jenna could feel her pussy moisten as she slyly watched him staring at her tits.
Jenna was becoming quite the exhibitionist and voyeur, and she would sometimes sneak Bethany into her manager's office when he was away. She would remove her shorts and sit down on his desk while Bethany sat in his chair, eating her pussy.
One week in mid-June, an attractive family was visiting from out of state, the father thick with arm muscles and a drooping gut, the mother drop-dead gorgeous with platinum hair and huge fake tits. She looked like a porn star and Jenna desperately wanted to see them fuck. They had rented two rooms; one for them and one 2 doors down for their two teenage sons. The sons were twins, probably about 16 or 17, and on more than one occasion she caught them staring at her, mouths agape. Jenna assumed the kids were a few rooms apart so that they couldn't hear their parents having sex, which Jenna was sure they did often with a wife like that. Jenna didn't know if she was the mother of the boys since she looked fairly young, but she didn't really care either.
Though the dad had a hot as fuck wife, he clearly had a wondering eye. He was not shy when he checked Jenna out, dragging his eyes up and down her youthful body, his wife either not noticing or uncaring. Jenna was trying to figure out a way to watch them and had come up with a plan. Their second floor room overlooked the pool and she noticed that they never closed their curtains and kept their light on late. She told Bethany about the couple and asked her to come see them on the last night of their stay.
Jenna's boss let her stay overnight if the rooms weren't rented, which was rare in the summer, but Jenna had purposefully blocked the room directly across the pool from the hot couple. She and Bethany planned to stay the night in the room and hoped to catch a glimpse of the couple fucking. In a stroke of luck, the couple was out on their balcony drinking when Bethany and Jenna got to their room. Their sons' room was dark with the curtains drawn, so Jenna assumed they were asleep. Not like it would have stopped her if they hadn't been.
Jenna and Bethany stripped down to their bikinis and went out to their balcony with a bottle of wine. Bethany had already had 2 glasses while she waited for Jenna to finish work and she was feeling quite relaxed and horny. Jenna kept glancing over at the couple and was confident she had caught the husbands attention. She leaned into Bethany and whispered "Game time" before she pushed her tongue into Bethany's mouth. Bethany, already aroused from the plan of the night, eagerly kissed Jenna back, exaggeratingly slipping her tongue in and out of Jenna's mouth so the couple could see.
Jenna leaned back and removed her bikini top, allowing her large, perky tits to spill out. She looked at Bethany then down at her chest, and Bethany dove right in, grabbing one of Jenna's tits and inserting it into her mouth. She sucked and nibbled Jenna's nipple, and Jenna turned to look at the husband. He was staring intently at them while his wife scrolled through her phone. Jenna pushed herself closer to Bethany but kept her head extended back, ensuring he had a perfect view of Bethany's mouth sucking on her tit.
Bethany had worn a string bikini at Jenna's request, and Jenna reached down to the bottoms and untied both sides. The bottoms fell to the balcony floor and, without prompting, Bethany put one foot onto the lower balcony railing, opening her legs in the direction of the couple. Jenna inserted a finger into Bethany's pussy and with slow movements, slid it deeply in and out.
The husband nudged his wife and she looked up. She dropped her phone onto the table and brought her hands to her chest, rolling down her strapless dress and exposing her giant tits. They sat like perfect globes on her petite bronze chest, and she began circling her dark pink nipples with her long, red fingernails. The husband stood up behind his wife and replaced her fingertips with his, first circling her nipples, then pinching them between his thick fingers. They did not stop staring at Bethany and Jenna. Jenna had hoped to spy them fucking in their own room, and this was even better than she imagined. Would they fuck right there knowing that she was watching?
The husband leaned down and whispered something into his wife's ear, and she stood and continued sliding her dress down her body. She was not wearing any underwear and her pussy was shaved and tanned, no visible tan lines anywhere on her body. Jenna looked on in awe and tapped Bethany on the shoulder. Bethany stopped sucking Jenna's tit and looked over at the couple. Jenna continued to lightly play with Bethany's pussy, which was warm and slick despite its exposure.
The wife then placed her hands on the table, still staring at the girls, as the husband moved the chair to the side and stepped up to his naked wife from behind. He had not been wearing a shirt, showing off his thick, tattooed arms, shaved chest and taut beer gut. He slid his swim shorts down, the girls' view obscured by his bent over wife.
He stared at Jenna as he spit into his hand then rubbed it onto his presumably engorged cock. He pushed his cock into one of his wife's orifices, Jenna fantasizing that it was sliding into her asshole between her fleshy, tan cheeks. She pushed back against him rhythmically as he thrust barbarically into her. He nodded his chin towards the girls, implying he wanted them to continue fucking each other.
The girls were so turned on but did not want to look away, so they brought two chairs to the front of the balcony and sat down, as close together as they could. Jenna put her legs up onto the railing and opened her knees. Jenna had long since removed her bikini bottoms but Bethany was still wearing her top. Jenna leaned over and pushed the cloth covering Bethany's tits to either side, displaying her small, pert tits for the couple.
The girls leaned back and without need to communicate, Bethany inserted 2 fingers into Jenna's awaiting cunt. The girls continued to watch the couple fuck, Bethany's fingers working Jenna into a frenzy. The wife had pushed herself up as far as she could while being able to maintain her backwards thrust. The girls watched her absolutely enormous tits bounce stiffly up and down as her husband fucked her wildly, faster and faster. She took one of her hands and began rubbing her glorious clit vigorously. She came quietly with quick fevered pushes into her husband, her expression neutral with only slightly parted lips.
He in turn pushed deep into her and from the redness and exertion on his face, released a load of cum deep inside his wife's cunt. Once they were done, the wife stood up and walked around the table, leaning on the railing, allowing her tits to fall slightly over the edge. The husband had turned to go inside but the wife clearly wanted to watch them finish.
Bethany knew how to make Jenna cum, and leaning into her ear, whispered "I bet you want to lick those big tits. Look at her giant tits, Jenna. Her nipples are so fucking hard for you." Jenna stared at the woman while she orgasmed quietly, Bethany's agile fingers pushed deep into her drenched hole.
Jenna brought her legs down and went to slip her fingers into Bethany's cunt but Bethany pushed her hand away, grinning wickedly. Bethany stood up and walked to the railing, pushing the chair away, then spread her legs and leaned over. Jenna took the hint and kneeled behind Bethany, lapping her from clit to asshole, burying her nose in Bethany's small ass cheeks. Bethany pushed her cunt back and down onto Jenna's mouth, and writhed intensely on Jenna's face.
She let out a loud moan as she came, and quickly covered her mouth with her hand. She wasn't sure if she would enjoy having Jenna's face buried in her ass, but she sure did. Jenna stood up behind Bethany and cupped her little tits, gently massaging her nipples as she stared at the wife. The wife stood up straight, winked and smiled at the girls, then turned to walk back into the room, closing the curtain behind her.
"Wow, that was incredible!" Bethany said as she turned to kiss Jenna, swirling her tongue around Jenna's. She liked tasting her own pussy on Jenna's face.
"Fucking hot! Thank you for doing this with me" Jenna gushed as she stroked Bethany's face. "Another great story to share with James", she said.
Bethany nodded, excited at the thought of turning James on with the retelling. Lately she had been thinking that she might want to fuck James too. He had never made a move to put his dick inside her but she felt that they were just waiting for her to be ready. She had picked up on Jenna's not-so-subtle hints about getting a dildo, and the more she thought about it, the more she did want James' cock in her virgin cunt.
"Maybe tomorrow we can go dildo shopping" Bethany said as she flopped face first onto the bed.
Jenna had locked the balcony door but left the curtain open, letting the pool lights spill into the room. Jenna walked towards the bed and laid down next to Bethany, gently running her fingers through Bethany's soft red hair.
"That would make me very happy. I was thinking that James' should be the first cock inside you, but now I think I want that pleasure."
She smiled down at Bethany, who looked so sweet laying naked on the big bed, her beautiful bum pale in the pool light. Bethany sleepily smiled back.
"You can have the honors. If I like it, then I'd like to fuck James." Bethany rolled onto her side so she could gauge Jenna's expression.
Jenna leaned down and kissed Bethany passionately. "As long as I get to watch."
Bethany chuckled. "Well duh. I always want you there."
The two girls settled into bed, holding on tightly to each other's naked bodies, and fell asleep.