James started his sales pitch. 'A friend of mine is a world-class artist. She was my art teacher in college. There is a big exhibition coming and she needs subjects to sketch. I owe a debt of gratitude. We met in college when I posed for art classes, making a little spending money. I always said if I could return the favor in some way, I would be glad to help. So, there is an opportunity to have some fun and give back. I sort of intimated that you'd be happy to come along and maybe be one of the subjects. Maybe?'
Kelly cocked an eyebrow and asked, 'She?'
Sheepishly, James replied, 'Yes, the artist is a woman.'
...
That Friday, Kelly celebrated Girls' Night with her friends. It was a lot of fun and a prelude to her meeting with James. They laughed. They talked about shoes and clothes and men. They talked about naughty things. And they drank a little. Or maybe more than a little. Kelly wasn't exactly sure. What she did know was her night was not over when the rest of the girls decided it was time to head home.
Kelly sent a text to a number provided by James. A car and driver would be at her disposal whenever she wanted. Now it was time to go and ride James. Or get a ride to see James. Or something like that.
A sleek limo was waiting for Kelly as the women exited the club. Kelly recognized the driver. It was Alexis, the same cute young woman who delivered them to the symphony weeks earlier. Alexis opened the door of the limo and waited for Kelly to say her goodbyes. The other girls gave her the 'girl you've been holding out on us' look. Kelly just smiled sweetly.
Then they were on their way to find James. There was intrigue in the air and Kelly could swear Alexis was undressing her with her eyes. Or maybe it was wishful thinking! Kelly wondered if the words 'Sex Adventuress' had been written on her forehead. There were butterflies in her stomach. The little voices in her head were having all kinds of fun. James assured her many times it would be an exciting and risqué adventure, something to put in her memoirs. But that was James. Audacious was a good word to describe him. He loved the adrenaline rush. However, Kelly was completely confident James would not force her to compromise herself if she was uncomfortable with the situation.
Kelly was close to panic-mode by the time they pulled up in front of his condo. She was ready to leap from the car and flee, but moments later she was, standing at James' door. Before she could knock, the door opened.
'Hello, beautiful,' said James.
'Hello, yourself,' was Kelly's simple reply.
James pulled her close and kissed Kelly passionately. She was ready to melt right then and there. This man was all adventure and imagination and shamelessness and patience and persistence. He knew how to touch her in many different and arousing ways. And he had a gifted tongue and an exquisite cock!
James took Kelly by the hand and led her to his bedroom. Mahler played softly in the background. He stroked her cheek and her hair.
'Did you have fun tonight with your friends?' asked James.
'Yes, I did,' replied Kelly.
She bit her bottom lip.
'I am very glad,' replied James. 'We're going to have more fun now.' Before leading her into his lair, he pulled a blindfold from his pocket and covered Kelly's eyes. 'As agreed, wear this as long as you need to,' he said. He nibbled her earlobe and nuzzled her neck. He rubbed her arms and slid his hands down her hips. He pulled her against him and she could feel his erection. He whispered, 'I am going to enjoy giving you pleasure tonight.'
Kelly was squirming already. His warm breath on her neck. The sound of his voice. His touch. His obvious excitement. She had been ready for this since she slid into the limo.
'There is only one thing you need to remember tonight,' James began, 'You have control.'
'She,' James said, referring to the artist who would join them, 'is very gifted when it comes to doing sketches and drawings and studies of human interaction if you catch my drift. There will be no identifying details in the drawings. Nobody viewing the pieces will have any idea who the subjects are. I mean, they'll know it is a man and a woman engaged in hot, passionate sex, but after that, your anonymity is completely guaranteed, if you want that. She will change your hairstyle or alter your physical attributes to disguise you. Tonight, I want you to think of yourself as an Executive Producer. It is up to you to decide on your comfort level in terms of participation. After that, you get to grant final approval of what may or may not be exhibited, published, or sold.'
'Are you ready to be immortalized?' James asked.
Kelly closed her eyes for a few moments and took several deep breaths. Then, with quiet resolve, said simply, 'Let's do this.'
James took Kelly by the hand and led her into the bedroom. She thought her heart might burst from her chest. Yet again, she wondered how on earth James had talked her into something like this, but he had a real talent for tapping into her latent desires and shepherding her through extraordinary escapades.
Kelly quivered with anticipation and fear. Fear seemed to be winning, but the sense of anticipation was gaining ground. James licked her neck again and stroked her hair. He ran his hands up and down her hips and whispered about how beautiful she looked and how she should relax and just think about the two of them doing naughty and fabulous things together.
Standing behind Kelly, he unzipped her dress and pushed it to the floor. They were getting right to it! He cupped her lace-clad breasts and squeezed. He licked and kissed her neck. Kelly's head rolled back and she moaned. His touch ignited her desire and she wanted his hands everywhere. James pulled down Kelly's bra to expose her taut, pretty nipples so he could tease them. His hands fondled and squeezed and he pinched her nipples gently. Then he sucked her earlobe into his mouth and teased it with his tongue, alternately swirling and licking. She knew very well what he could do with that tongue. She loved what he could do with that tongue!
Very quietly, James whispered in Kelly's ear. 'I want you to take off your bra. Then I'd like you to cup your lovely breasts. You look gorgeous that way. Could you do that for me?'
'Uh-huh,' was all Kelly could muster.
She unclasped her bra, exposing herself to an appreciative audience. She knew how James liked her to squeeze her boobs and play with her nipples. This was her opportunity to put on an erotic show and she gave it her best. The blindfold seemed to heighten awareness of her surroundings. Not surprisingly, she could hear James' footsteps as he circled her. But in the background, she could hear the urgent scratching of pencil on paper.
James pressed against Kelly's back. With one hand, he wrapped his fingers around her throat and his other hand slid beneath her panties. His fingers found her wet and wanting. He bit her, a little roughly, on the shoulder and at the same time slid two fingers between her labia and penetrated her. Her knees wanted to buckle, but his firm grip held her upright.
Despite the sensations of pleasure rushing through her body, Kelly was aware of the sound of a sheet of paper being torn from a large pad. She heard it flutter to the ground. Her heart fluttered at the same time.
James alternated between fucking Kelly with his fingers and gently stimulating her clitoris. All of it sent shivers through her body. Almost involuntarily, her hips thrust against James' hand. God, she wanted him to go faster. Instead, he pulled his hand from her panties and left her standing. In her mind, she growled at him in frustration.
She heard James unbuckle his pants and undo his belt. She knew in moments his beautiful body would be naked and exposed. Next, he pulled her panties down and asked her to step out. She would have kicked off her shoes, but she knew it excited James to see her naked in heels.
She assumed an unspoken signal was given. Another page was torn from the pad and left to fall to the ground. James asked Kelly to turn towards him. He kissed her passionately and playfully slapped her bottom. 'This is amazing. You are amazing. Would you like to take the blindfold off now?' asked James.
Kelly shook her head and said, 'No, not yet. But I'm getting there.'
'Ok. Whenever you are ready,' he replied.
Kelly pulled James close and whispered, 'You can't imagine how much I want to you to fuck me right now.'
James slid his hand between Kelly's legs and cupped her pussy. 'Patience, Baby,' answered James. 'All in good time.'
James maneuvered Kelly so her back was against the bedroom wall. He knelt before her and kissed her thighs. He kissed her belly. He kissed her hips. Balancing herself by placing a hand on James' head, Kelly casually draped one leg over his shoulder to give him easier access to her sensitive nether region.
He enthusiastically licked and sucked and nuzzled. used one hand to help Kelly remain steady, but then, with the other hand, he slowly slid two fingers inside her. His tongue found her clitoris which made Kelly moan.
Somehow, James disentangled himself from Kelly, scooped her up in his arms, and tossed her on the bed. Though Kelly could not see it, she knew the look on his face would reflect pure lust. Kelly's face and chest were flushed. She was breathing heavily. 'Eat me,' she commanded. 'Make me cum.'
James shifted his weight and Kelly heard him open the nightstand drawer and rummage for something. Then he eased himself between Kelly's long legs and began to kiss and lick and tease, making her squirm. She squeezed her breasts and rolled her nipples between her fingers. Her hips bucked. She wanted his cock.
There was a momentary pause, then Kelly heard a buzzing noise and felt a slender vibrator slide up and down her labia. He was going to fuck her with the vibrator and eat her at the same time! Forcefully, James went down on her and pushed the sex toy inside. Slowly and deliberately, James slid the vibrator in and out of her. Not only did the device vibrate, but the tip rotated in circular motions. She tried to imagine who dreamed up such things? James' magic tongue was doing the rest.
'Oh, fuck!' Kelly cried out. Her orgasm hit hard and fast. Her back arched so much her hips raised up off the bed. James continued to lick and suck and screw her with the vibrator. Kelly's body shook. Pleasure swept through her. She tried to roll away from him to let the orgasm subside. However, James rolled with her and she ended up riding his face.
Instinct took over and she ground her pussy against him. His mouth. Oh, the things he did to her with his mouth. He licked and sucked and teased and drove her crazy! He worked his tongue in and out of her pussy then flicked it across her clit. She could feel another climax building inside. She pinched her own nipples, hard. She came again. Every fiber in her body was focused on the surges of pleasure sweeping through her body. All she could do was murmur, 'Oh God!' in James' ear.
When her body finally stopped shaking, Kelly rolled on her back. She lay there, breathing heavily. 'I should have taken more art classes in college if this is what they teach,' she thought to herself.
James helped her sit up and gave her a glass of wine. After a few gulps, she handed the glass back to him and lay back on the bed. There was a little bit left in the glass. James dipped his finger in the liquid and drew circles around Kelly's nipples. He fondled each breast, admired them, and gently licked them clean.
James lay beside her. Starting at her neck, he traced the curves of her body. He cupped her breasts and licked her nipples. Finally, his hand arrived at her pussy and he slid his finger up and down between her lips. Then shifted on the bed and positioned his hard cock between Kelly's legs. Finally, she grabbed his ass and pulled him towards her.
'Fuck me,' growled Kelly quietly. 'Now.'
She grabbed his cock and positioned him for entry. With a gentle thrust, he slid into her wet pussy. Each time they fucked; it was that first moment of penetration that took her breath away. He moved slowly at first letting her body adjust to his size. With each deliberate stroke, he went a little deeper. Then he would pull back so just the tip was inside Kelly before she pulled him closer again. Their pace quickened and James pumped into her harder and harder. He propped himself up so he could kiss her, and their tongues meshed passionately.
Grabbing Kelly's ankles, James lifted her legs straight up towards the ceiling. He barely missed a stroke and Kelly's moaning signaled she was enjoying his efforts to please her. He loved the feeling of her tightness on his shaft.
Next, he rolled Kelly on her side so he could enter her from behind. His hands roamed her body, caressing and squeezing her breasts. He pinched and rolled her nipples. He reached between her legs and urgently stimulated her clit. The only noticeable sounds were James grunting and Kelly moaning. He inclined his head toward hers, 'Cum for me, baby,' he murmured, 'Can you cum for me again?'
It was all she wanted to do.
Her body tingled from her head to her toes. She wanted him to cum with her, but she could not delay her climax any longer. Kelly cried out, 'Don't stop! Don't stop! Oh, fuck!'
James pumped himself into Kelly a few more times. He could feel her pussy muscles contract and spasm around his hard cock. He panted for breath and hugged Kelly close to him. He buried his face in her hair and waited for her orgasm to subside. Feeling her react like this was amazing. He kissed her body and held her tight. Finally, Kelly's body relaxed and her breathing slowed. Gently, James pulled himself from her pussy and rested his cock against her. Kelly had cum three times and James was still hard. She reached back, grabbed his slippery shaft, and stroked him up and down.
She turned her head and spoke softly. 'That was amazing!' she sighed. 'But now, there is one more act in tonight's play.'
Kelly playfully pushed James onto his back and kneeled beside him. She bent over and kissed him aggressively on the mouth. With one hand, she resumed pumping his beautiful cock up and down. James had not ejaculated yet and she was determined to change that!
Breaking away, Kelly quietly stated, 'It is your turn, babe.'
Still wearing the blindfold, she carefully rolled off the bed and took a kneeling position and asked James to join her. James was happy to oblige.
James stroked her cheek and said, 'You look gorgeous like this.' He bent over and kissed her tenderly and then rubbed the head of his cock across her lips.
Another sheet of paper was torn from a pad and fell on the floor as Kelly dragged her fingernails up James' legs and then down the inside of his thighs. She wrapped her fingers around the base of his rock-hard shaft, then gently kissed and licked him. He stood stock-still, but Kelly knew he would soon be moving in rhythm to the bobbing of her head. With agonizing slowness, Kelly took him in her mouth. Her tongue swirled on the bottom side of his penis. She knew he was close to climax. Kelly was anxious for him to cum, but there was a certain amount of anxiety at that moment because she had been told to expect a surprise when James climaxed.
God, knowing him it could be anything, she thought.
With one hand, she stroked up and down his penis matching the motion of her head. Her other hand cupped his balls which she rolled and gently squeezed. When James started to thrust his hips to match her pace, she knew it would only be a matter of moments before his orgasm. Kelly ardently licked and sucked and stroked. The size of James' cock filled Kelly's mouth, but she took him as deeply as possible.
Kelly could hear his grunts and quiet encouragement. She moaned around his cock. It was a feeling of power to know what kind of effect she had on her lover. For James' part, he desperately wanted to cum in Kelly's mouth, but the artist had made a special request. When he ejaculated, he was expected to cum on his lover's body.
Kelly felt his balls tighten, and James exclaimed, 'I'm going to cum!'
Kelly's heart raced and she leaned her head back. With one hand she kept hold of the base of his penis. She loved to hold his hard shaft during his release and feel the pulsations. This time, however, she felt another hand grab his cock!
James grunted and began to shoot thick strands of semen. Spurt after spurt of warm cum splashed on Kelly. She felt almost overwhelmed with a combination of exhilaration and panic. She knew the artist had been watching and sketching, but was shocked the person had joined in as James was shooting his semen on her. That was the surprise she had been told to expect.
She was unsure about her next move, but curiosity got the better of her and she deftly removed her blindfold. As her eyes adjusted to the light, Kelly saw James standing in front of her. His breathing was ragged and he was still pumping his hips as the last drops of his semen fell. Beside him was the artist James had invited and she was still holding James' cock.
The woman was probably in her mid-sixties, slender, beautiful, and elegant. She wore jeans and a thin, tight T-shirt that revealed erect nipples. The woman was breathing quite rapidly and stared at Kelly with eyes like those of a jaguar about to pounce on its prey.
James slowed his breathing and decided it was time for introductions. 'Kelly,' he began, 'this is Donna Rossland, erotic artist extraordinaire. Donna, I would like to present, the sexy, courageous, and adorable, Kelly.'
'It is my very great pleasure to meet you,' said Donna. 'You have been very kind and brave as to allow me to use you as subjects. Not many people would be willing to push their boundaries as you have. You were magnificent together! By the way, Kelly, I would absolutely love to have you in my studio.' She winked and Kelly blushed bright red.
Reluctantly, Donna released James' cock, then took Kelly by the chin and kissed her pretty mouth, licking and exploring with her tongue. Finally, she bent down and licked a few beads of semen from Kelly's gorgeous breast.
Then, with a flourish, Donna gathered up her scattered illustrations and exclaimed, 'Quickly you two, join me in the study. We still have work to do. The gallery is going to love these drawings!'