NOTE: This story will make more sense if you've read the 'My Descent with Sarah' series.
"Thanks to all of you, as ever, for watching, and please tune in tomorrow as we talk to Michael Babinata about his sudden rise to fame as the star of 'Intrinsic Investigations', and we ourselves investigate the shady practice of 'Shrinkflation', where we continue to pay the same amount, but receive less for our money."
The beautiful host's impossibly perfect smile nestled in the middle of a face that was made for TV. Flawless complexion and eyes which pulled you in like a Star Wars tractor beam. Just to confirm just how perfect they were, she crossed her legs, timed to give them maximum exposure as the camera panned away and over the applauding audience.
The credits rolled and another episode of 'The Evening Begins' was complete. What a fucking stunner the host was. Not for the first time, I reminded myself just how lucky I was that she was my wife.
Being married to a celebrity was something I could never get used to. Suzanne had been an ambitious journalist when we'd met at university, and her career had gone on a continuous upward trajectory. Her placement at a local radio company leading to her moving through various roles and shows before she made her mark on the TV world.
She'd progressed from children's TV, to more serious shows, current affairs and light entertainment. Her relaxed and comfortable way with the camera, excellent interviewing skills, and in no small part her superb looks, meant she was never short of offers for work. She was capable of fronting any sort of show, from light entertainment to deep political discourse.
By the age of twenty-nine, she was the anchor on an early evening current affairs show on the main national station in the UK. Filming three shows per week left her plenty of time for the many other offers of contract work, personal appearances, game show slots etc.
Suzanne Sharp (her maiden name, she'd not taken my surname of 'Smith' on marriage for career reasons) was one of the most well known faces in the country, and was regularly voted top of the country's most attractive, well dressed or intelligent people, depending on the poll.
Physically she was breathtaking, even to me after 6 years of marriage. Aside from her face, which was still as stunning as I described a minute ago, she was almost as tall as me in her heels, (I'm six foot), with long, wavy, brunette hair which had earned her a TV ad campaign with a famous haircare company.
She was slim, but not painfully so. I changed my opinion almost daily on what her best physical asset was. Legs, eyes, breasts, bum - the truth was there wasn't a flaw, no matter how hard you looked.
Obviously she'd have no personality, being used to the world falling at her feet at her beauty then, right?
Wrong. Suzie was my soulmate, my friend to watch the football with, my sounding board for my troubles at work, my partner at the gym, my company on holidays around the world. Our time together never felt forced, or old; we were made for each other.
So, sometimes I had to remind myself how lucky I was. This was one of those times. This superstar of the small screen lay below me, rubbing her clit furiously as I fucked her. She was bringing herself to orgasm, as she liked to do when we fucked, and I was telling her how much the world would love to watch what a dirty little slut she was.
"Look at you, legs wide open, big cock slamming in and out of your juicy little cunt," I encouraged her, noting her fingers moving more urgently with each word.
"Oh I'm so wet, Rich" she grinned wickedly. She noted my eyes glued to the sight of her pussy gripping my cock as it pistoned in and out of her. "You like to see my little cunt full of your cock, don't you?"
"Oh I do. But not as much as half the population of the country would. I could sell the footage of this for millions!" I smiled, knowing how much she loved me to talk like this.
"You think so?" she asked, rhetorically, her orgasm building. "You think everyone wants to watch me fucking?"
I knew they did. The country had changed enormously in the past year or so. An incredible phenomenon called Sarah Clarke had come from nowhere and, driven by her sheer sexual appetite, had hauled the country's attitude to sex into the twenty-first century. Inspired by the overwhelmingly positive public reaction to Sarah's escapades, all of a sudden real, hardcore pornography was freely available in the same shops we bought our daily newspapers from.
Sarah Clarke had become a TV star in her own right, but her material was very different to Suzanne's. Where Suzanne had studied journalism, and worked her way up through several jobs as she made her name in a reputable and respectable business, Sarah had, quite literally, fucked her way into the public eye.
A former teacher who, early in her 'career', arranged for several of her ex students (and a hundred or so other invitees) to have sex with her and one of their ex-classmates' mothers, with the whole thing being broadcast, free of charge, on her website, Sarah had single handedly forced recreational sex into the mainstream.
Sarah Clarke could very well have the only face, outside of the royal family or some famous footballers, to be able to truthfully claim to be more famous than Suzanne. You might have expected Sarah to be an object of scorn for someone like Suzanne. However, even though she could never admit this to her colleagues, I knew that Sarah Clarke had become an inspiration to Suzie.
We never missed an episode of her late evening show which went out on the rival national channel to the one Suzie was contracted to. The show was groundbreaking, as it featured full, penetrative sex, broadcast to anyone who had a TV. Sarah's show, as well as featuring regular participation from herself, starred horny members of the public who took up Sarah's invitation to live out their most intimate desires in front of an audience which very nearly rivalled that of Suzanne's own show. Inevitably the pair of us would end up masturbating, or having sex ourselves, as the latest housewife explored her fantasies, or Sarah herself invited members of her audience up on stage with her, as happened most weeks.
Suzanne harboured a strong envy of, and admiration for, the lovely Sarah Clarke. And when she was asking, like she was right now, whether the country wanted to watch her fucking, she was very aware that we now lived in a country where this sort of thing was very much possible.
These thoughts were, as usual, all it took to set us both off. I pulled out and gripped my shaft firmly, holding back a little until I was sure she was climaxing. As she began convulsing I pulled my cock furiously, releasing several thick streams over her, covering her firm, round breasts, flat stomach and some splashing across her chin and lips.
"Oh fucking hell, I'm such a filthy little slut, I love being wanked over like that," she sighed. This was a common theme, in fact almost every orgasm she had, when I was involved anyway, was accompanied by vocal fantasies of her exposure, or being the centre of attention. Suzanne Sharp was, as well as being one of the most recognisable faces in the country, a confirmed exhibitionist. And I was very much the voyeur - I loved to watch her.
I'd had some limited experience of other women before meeting Suzanne, and they had all been just so difficult, so much hard work in comparison. I remember trying to impress, to win over, to cajole, worrying about what I wore, what style my hair was supposed to be in. All things which were completely alien to me.
The day I met Suzie, I knew what they meant by 'Soulmate'. With very few exceptions, everything she wanted to do, I wanted to do. The very first time we had sex, she'd told me to do whatever I wanted to her. I'd heard similar things from other girls, but with Suzanne I knew she meant it, no strings, no games, no agenda.
That first night, first sex, a time when usually the boundaries would be tentatively tested, I knew it would be fine to pull out of Suzie's juicy little pussy and use her mouth to bring myself to orgasm. The wicked look in her eyes, which remained fixed to mine as I filled her mouth with the most enormous load of cum, confirmed it for me. You aren't supposed to say it on a first date, and I didn't, but I knew Suzanne Sharp was the one for me.
I guessed that most people in the public eye did have an exhibitionist streak, it probably came with the territory. But I'd known since we met that Suzanne had more than a streak. Going back to university, where she'd insist on fucking in front of the ground floor window with the curtains open in the middle of the day, through various holidays where we'd always gravitate to a nudist beach, it was clear she needed to feel eyes on her.
Despite this side of her being so very much at the forefront of her mind when we were together, she possessed the ability to switch to the wholesome, respectable, dependable TV presenter whenever she needed to.
Even so, it was a surprise that some of this past behaviour hadn't caught up with her. We'd had to curtail the more blatant exposure that she liked to indulge in as her fame had increased. However, even since her rise to prominence, the famous Suzanne Sharp regularly appeared, face masked from view, on the pages of top shelf magazines and adult websites - very much inspired by Sarah Clarke.
Suzie would conceal her face and pose for dirty pictures, and loved it when I brought those magazines featuring her famous form back for her to peruse. Sometimes she'd wistfully wonder whether anyone might guess it was her. Of course there's no way they could, but her appearances on various websites always resulted in an avalanche of positive comments nevertheless. Famous or not, her body was incredible.
She also loved to provide lurid stories of her fantasies of being fucked by strangers, used as a willing fuck-toy by anyone who wanted her, and she loved to see her filthy thoughts alongside her naked pictures. She'd masturbate as she wondered just how many people were enjoying her body, bringing themselves to orgasm at the sight of her.
I was lucky enough to own the full, uncensored, photosets where Suzanne was totally revealed, face and all. We also had countless videos where the famous Suzanne Sharp fixed her eyes on the camera, talking out her own and my fantasies whilst fucking enthusiastically. Any time something struck me that I'd love to see her do, or say on camera, she invariably shared my enthusiasm and accommodated my dirty desires with delight. We were wired the same way.
Suzanne loved to let me see she was wearing something particularly sexy (stockings, suspenders, no panties) before leaving for a live broadcast. I knew she'd be thinking of this each time she crossed her legs in one of her elegant long dresses, and I, like the rest of the nation, was glued to the screen, hoping for a wardrobe malfunction.
On reflection, it was a surprise she'd got this far without her inclinations clashing with her career. But despite, or perhaps in some small way, because of her exhibitionist streak, she went from strength to strength. She loved being in the limelight.
And I loved this too. I often watched her, along with the rest of the nation, knowing that this vision on my screen was, behind the face that smiled innocently as it spoke of the shortage of science teachers, or the dangers of fracking, a filthy girl who fantasised about the world watching her fuck. Whilst I very much loved fucking my wife, I'd get a similar thrill masturbating over her fully clothed on the TV, smug in the knowledge that I knew what she really was, what she dreamed of doing.
Tonight's episode of 'The Evening Begins' was about half-way through. She was tying up a wildlife story.
"Thanks Mike - let's hope people heed the warnings, and leave those seals undisturbed, it would be awful to lose them." She turned to face the camera on her left, choreographed perfectly. The camera panned across and zoomed in on her lovely face, which had adopted a look of concern.
"Until recently, whilst women had to be careful about what they shared, they could only be a victim of so-called 'revenge porn' if there was actually some naughty material of them out there. But this has all changed recently, with the advent of 'DeepFakes'. Our correspondent Julie talked to a woman, who asked to remain nameless, about her experiences." My ears had perked up at the word 'porn'.
There followed a short segment describing how a woman had her likeness taken by an ex boyfriend who, using technical know-how and new technology, superimposed her face onto various pornstars performing a variety of sexually explicit poses and acts.
This woman was clearly distressed by this, and had ended up leaving her job and finally moving home due to the backlash and reaction the unwanted material had caused, after her ex had made sure her friends and family had all seen it.
Once the segment finished, Suzanne, a look of mild shock and distaste fixed upon her face, continued.
"Well thank you so much. As mentioned, this lady didn't want to be named and is now building a new life for herself. But what an awful thing for someone to do to her. I'm joined by Charis Newton, of the 'Support for Revenge Porn Victims group, or SRPV."
Suzanne turned to face her guest, who was a small, mousy haired woman with large glasses.
"Thanks for coming along tonight, Charis," Suzanne welcomed her, warmly.
"Thanks for having me on, Suzanne. This is a subject which is often brushed under the carpet or dismissed as trivial, but as we can see, it can have an enormous impact on those affected, and our laws are woefully underprepared for the type of material which can now be produced by even relatively unskilled people in their own homes."
"That's what surprised me," Suzanne agreed. "Just how easy it is for people to produce this stuff."
"It is," nodded Charis. "You only need to make one web search and there's any amount of this disgusting material out there. I imagine you'll have been a victim yourself, even if you aren't aware. Fake celebrity porn is rife."
"Until tonight," Suzanne said, solemnly, "I was not aware. So, for our viewers' knowledge, they can do this to anyone?"
"All they need is a few pictures from different angles. They can then plug those into their software, take some of the enormous amount of disgusting material out there, and the software does the rest, it superimposes the face."
Suzanne again addressed the camera.
"After hearing about this, I took it upon myself to search for my own name. I'm not going to tell you exactly what I searched, but suffice to say, Charis was absolutely right. Alongside many, many others in the public eye, I did find that I was also a victim of this despicable practice. I'm in the process of seeing what can be done about it."
"I'm sorry to tell you, Suzanne, but you'll find that currently you can do absolutely nothing about it. The stuff will be hosted in some country or other than cares not a jot about your image being violated, and the perpetrators are free to do this to anyone they like.
"This is where SRPV are trying to change things - we're in constant dialogue with MPs to try to get some sort of legislation to make the perpetrators liable."
Charis continued to urge viewers to sign her petition, and Suzanne added her voice, encouraging everyone to back the campaign.
+++++++++++
"Did you see?" Suzanne had arrived home this evening a bit earlier than she usually did. She looked flustered.
"I certainly did. I had no idea!" I laughed. Then, holding my phone up, "I've been watching all the porn you've been doing, I had no idea you'd been so busy!"
Suzanne snatched my phone out of my hand, a glint in her eye.
"I know, right?. Oh, Christ, I saw this one too." My phone was displaying an image of my wife smiling up into the camera whilst one of her co-stars on 'The evening begins', Mary Sheen, eased her well lubricated fist into Suzanne Sharp's famous vagina.
"I mean, I knew you got on well with Mary, but..."
"Shut up!" But those eyes were alight. "I was finding all this stuff in the taxi on the way back. There's loads of it out there, I had no idea!"
"Me either," I admitted. "Amazing what they can do these days, isn't it?"
"It is! I mean, some of it is pretty bad, but some of it, even I'd be hard pressed to know it's not real. Do you think a lot of people have searched for this stuff?"
"Before tonight, I have no idea," I laughed. "But I was straight onto it as soon as I saw the show, and so were you. So I think we can guarantee that half the country did the same!"
"Oh, fuck!" Again it was said with delight. She removed her coat. "That's so hot. It's not me, but it is."
I pulled my wife close, and my hand explored, finding that this evening she'd again opted for no knickers, her bare legs clothed only in the knee-high leather boots she wore under the dress.
I spent the rest of the evening watching the back of her head as Suzanne found image after image of her likeness grafted onto debauched scenes with varying degrees of authenticity. As she commented, I fucked her rhythmically from behind.
"Oh, look at this one," she'd invite me, holding up her phone to show me the latest find. I noticed she lingered much longer on the footage of her dealing with more than one man - I found these fascinating too. Suzanne having sex with multiple men had been a fantasy for both of us since the time at college when she'd confessed to being tempted to comply with the request from three of her male classmates to join them after a drunken night out.
The only thing, she'd said, that had stopped her was fear of upsetting me - I was away that weekend and our relationship was young. Having discussed and explored the situation at length, I'd realised that I liked the idea almost as much as she did, possibly even more so. We'd agreed that, should the situation arise again, she should definitely go for it.
However, a rapid ascent into the public eye had made things like that impossible. I'd reminded her that, had she followed her desire and fucked those three men, her career might have taken a very different trajectory. Girls with a penchant for fucking multiple men don't generally last as TV personalities for long. Not unless their name was Sarah Clarke.
Nevertheless, we both felt a sense of missed opportunity. I always became hard as iron when Suzanne whispered about how much she'd like to feel a stranger enter her mouth, as another nudged his way into her willing little pussy. It was a subject that came up frequently when we fucked.
Perhaps it was due to the fact it could never happen, but, along with public exposure, thoughts of being shared around multiple men was Suzanne's favourite topic in the bedroom, and she was fascinated with the hundreds of hours of footage of Sarah Clarke expertly dealing with unending queues of young men, which was the main theme of her website.
And now there was actual footage of the famous Suzanne Sharp surrounded by men, just as she'd dreamed. Some of it was quite obviously very badly faked, but some was surprisingly realistic.
Over the coming months, the SRPV group made some more appearances on 'The Evening Begins'. Suzanne gradually became a figurehead for the campaign against this faked pornography. After each show featuring the topic, she'd come home all flustered and we'd again revel in the discovery of all the new examples of the very porn she was campaigning so hard against.
As Suzanne became more well known for how committed she was in stopping this phenomenon, so the instances increased almost exponentially. Similarly, each segment on her show where she expressed her outrage at the existence of this misogynistic, dangerous and disrespectful violation of her rights was followed by another huge influx of new material. Which, of course, she absolutely loved.
Within a few months Suzanne's name had become synonymous with DeepFake pornography, at least in the UK. It had reached the extent where the top ten hits when searching for 'Fake celebrity' or 'DeepFake' all featured my wife, exposed and usually having sex.
As she became almost the sole focus for the main purveyors of the Deepfakes, and as the technology advanced, so the material got better. The pictures became sharper, the artifacts, which generally revealed that the images were fake, became harder to detect.
But the big new development was the video clips which had started to flood the DeepFake and mainstream porn sites. On a nightly basis we'd fuck to imagery of my wife having sex with many men and women in various combinations.
We'd speculate as to how many people had watched 'her' fucking. How many of her colleagues, her audience, the people we passed in the street, her driver who brought her home after the show. All of them, I promised her, everyone would be watching this stuff.
I wasn't clear why, but this influx of material led her to encourage me to film and photograph her all the more. My already impressive collection of homemade pornography had at least tripled since this all started.
It reached the stage where we literally wouldn't have sex unless the camera was present. It was almost as if she needed it on her in order to properly enjoy herself. Frequently she'd remind me to train my phone on her before resuming whatever filthy activity she was up to.
"I can guarantee that Bill will be wanking over his wife looking at you doing this," I'd promised her as she fingered herself for my camera. Bill McGlee was her ageing co-host. Suzanne's gaze was fixed on a faked scene of herself being fucked by four men, two at a time. She was taking each of their impressively large cocks to the hilt in her arse, pussy and mouth with obvious relish.
"Oh, fuck me. I really hope so," she'd muttered into the camera, as another orgasm washed over her.
As the weeks rolled on, the SRPV campaign fizzled out. The only real achievement arising from the months of outcry, petitions and publicity turned out to be an explosion of the very material they had aimed to eliminate. Counterproductive to say the least. But, we'd loved the experience.
Although the appearance of new material continued, albeit at a slower rate, the buzz had begun to wear off for Suzanne too. We reflected on it one night, as we worked on another photoset.
"It's so hot, amazingly hot, don't get me wrong," she'd explained. "But deep down, even though it looks just like me, I know it isn't. The more I watch myself doing this stuff, the more I want it for real."
We both knew what she was talking about. Suzanne Sharp the stunning celebrity, such a familiar face on our screens, a regular on all of the family quiz shows and a determined campaigner against pornography, harboured an insatiable desire to be exposed in front of the world. Her dreams of being fucked by multiple strangers also increased with each passing day.
"I just want it to be me, just one time. I want to go on the internet and know anyone who wants to can watch me, the real me, getting all horny. I want to get all those cocks hard watching me stripping off for them, playing with myself..."
"God I'd love it too," I concurred, proving it by presenting my solid cock to her for attention. She grasped it lovingly. "But I'm afraid if you want to continue your career, it's got to remain a dream."
"I know, I know," she said, still sulking. "It's just that..." She stopped in her tracks, silent for a moment. A good fifteen seconds passed. I could almost hear her thought process ticking over. Eventually her eyes widened and her mouth opened slowly as a realisation dawned.
"I fucking can you know!" she said triumphantly. "Oh my god, how did I miss this! Tonight, Rich, I want you to find the best pictures you have of me, doing the dirtiest stuff you have got me doing, my face fully on display. And I want you to post them up on all of those sites that we go on every day."
"What?" I thought she'd lost her mind.
"You heard! Think about it!" she smiled, as if explaining simple maths to a toddler. "Look at this." she held up an image on her phone of herself, faked, smiling into the camera as she stretched her pussy wide open with both hands. It was one of our favourites, there was literally zero evidence, to those who did now know her intimately, that this was not the famous Suzanne Sharp displaying herself so wantonly.
"Now, look at this," she continued, taking my phone from my confused hand and flicking to one of the equally explicit photos I'd taken of her recently.
"Yeah, it's beautiful, but..."
"What's the difference?" she demanded.
"Well, one is you and one is fake," I stated the obvious.
"Which?"
"Well it's..." I stopped in my tracks. I suddenly understood. My face adopted the same astounded expression that had now been replaced on Suzanne's with one of sheer elation.
"Oh, fuck!" Suzanne was nodding, triumphantly. "Wow!" The realisation hit home.
"I know! I think it's what you call hiding in plain sight! There are thousands, tens of thousands of fake pictures and videos of me out there. A huge number of them are indistinguishable from the genuine article. It's been so public that everyone knows this. So throw in a few real ones..."
"And who will possibly be able to tell the difference..." I finished.
"Nobody will even be trying to!" she beamed. "They'll just be trying to work out how they faked me so well!"
"Or just wanking over you. But really you, this time," Suzanne visibly buckled a little at these words. The thought of people getting off over fake pictures of her was one thing, but them doing it over the real thing...
So, a new page on the main hub for the DeepFakes was born, dedicated to a brand new faker (me) who was solely dedicated to producing fakes of the UK Celebrity Suzanne Sharp. This initially went almost unnoticed, as the internet appeared to have moved on. But the quality of the 'fakes' and the number and frequency of the uploads meant a large following was quickly built up.
The reason the updates were so quick was simple - no work was required. I did take a minute to strip the metadata from the pictures I uploaded - the exact location the pictures were taken was embedded into this data, which would very quickly lead back to Suzanne Sharp's residence.
Our nightly entertainment quickly switched from looking at the pictures and videos of Suzanne which other people had faked, to uploading genuine pictures of her, and reading the comments. Suzanne loved to read people stating how sexy she looked on the TV, how they bet she was a real dirty bitch in real life. They wondered what she was wearing under her dress, how well she might handle an erect cock. All the while, unknown to them, they were looking at actual footage which proved what a dirty bitch she was, and showed the world exactly what she wore under her dress.
This set us off again, and Suzanne was again insatiable. She adored the feeling of sheer outrageousness at what we were doing, and we both got an unbelievable thrill from the knowledge that this heavyweight of British TV was completely revealed to the world as a slut, if they only realised it.
This went on for months. We uploaded pictures and videos of Suzanne, face fully on display, stripping out of various outfits, masturbating, giving me blowjobs, being fucked in all positions imaginable, and taking my sperm in her face, mouth and pussy. Not at all the behaviour you'd expect to see from the former children's TV presenter.
Her career went from strength to strength. There was speculation that the 'ordeal' she'd gone through with the deepfakes which had flooded the internet had gone in her favour - that she'd proved she had a steely determination and wouldn't let adversity affect her, she just kept on working and shut out any outside noise.
Little did these people know that not only was she enjoying the infringements on her personal modesty so much that she'd bring herself to orgasm whilst watching them on a nightly basis, but that she was personally responsible for most of it, and got her kicks by posting herself taking part in sex acts for real.
Back in the real world, Suzanne's career reached a new peak as she was invited to become the host of the nine-o-clock news, replacing Giles Cornforth, who'd retired after doing the job for the last fifteen years. This did mean a later evening, but it was a hugely prestigious position and introduced her to a new audience.
The role also offered a prestigious Sunday morning slot where she interviewed the good and the great in politics. After some time of performing this new, more serious role, she also started writing a weekly column in one of the more serious broadsheet newspapers.
This led to ever more publicity. Suzanne was, by at least ten years, the youngest ever presenter of either the news or the Sunday politics show. And she was undoubtedly the most attractive.
The serious newspapers and websites couldn't say this of course, not in so many words. But the tabloids had a field day, noting how the ratings for the news had increased substantially since Suzie took the helm.
They also proliferated the theory that one of the reasons for her notoriously effective interview technique on the politics show, where she'd frequently leave her guests struggling for answers as she grilled them on behalf of the nation, was down to her ever so slightly revealing blouses, or her skirts which came just a little higher above the knee than they deemed acceptable.
'Sexy Suzie leaves PM panting' was one headline. But there were many more.
Depending on how high-brow the publication was, she was either pushing the ceiling and unlocking doors for a new feminist era, or the hottest newsreader of all time. And everything in between.
Suzie, of course, was ostensibly outraged by such suggestions, going so far as dedicating a whole column in her serious broadsheet paper to the way women, even in this world of financial, physical and even sexual independence (she actually referenced Sarah Clarke as a positive here) were still objectified.
However, when away from prying eyes she'd giggle about how right they were - that she was convinced the Home Secretary had caught a glimpse of her stocking top, or that the chief whip was desperately trying to glimpse down her top. And of course she always 'accidentally' encouraged this behaviour
The latest push into the public consciousness again led to an increase in the material of my wife, the production of which increased again from a trickle to a steady flow. Our favourite development was this one - 'Before and After'.
This was a concept we'd seen before. A fully dressed, attractive woman in picture one, and an undressed, or otherwise sexually explicit one, alongside it. The juxtaposition was entrancing. On the one side would be a smartly dressed lady, wearing something perfectly acceptable like a business suit, blouse or gym gear. Perhaps on an evening out, on her way to work or out for a run.
And on the other, the same face, atop a naked body. Or being fucked, or sucking a cock - perhaps more than one. In the past week, 'Before Afters' of my wife had suddenly started trending. There was, no doubt, an incredible amount of source material, both for the before and the after side.
The intriguing thing, for us, was that people would inevitably go for the most realistic pictures for the 'After' side. And, as there was a huge amount of completely genuine footage of Suzie, planted over various sites with her complete approval, this meant most of the 'Fake' pictures were, unbeknown to their publishers, very much real pictures of this celebrity.
This gave us some amazing examples of the 'Before After' genre. Suzie absolutely loved it.
For three nights running, we fucked, and she couldn't get over the dirty little world she'd managed to build.
"Oh Christ. Read the comments," she'd moan in delight, as random people expressed their intense desire for her naked flesh, exposed to their unknowing eyes. "If they just knew that it was really me - what do you think would happen?"
"Well, for a start you wouldn't..." Suzanne interrupted me sharply.
"I know I'd lose my job, that's not what I'm asking. I mean, how would everyone react? What would the papers say?"
"We'll never know, but I don't think it would be something that would blow over quickly," I pondered. "I mean, you're all over the papers every day. The tabloids lust over you, the broadsheets think you're untouchable. I think everyone would go into meltdown!"
"Including me, Rich. The thought makes me so wet. Being exposed, everyone finding out how much of a little whore I really am, behind the mask." Suzie hadn't even undressed yet tonight, but she had one hand down the front of her jeans, the other rubbing my cock through the front of mine. I was, unsurprisingly, rock hard.
"I don't know," I countered. "I think that's the biggest thrill, the secret, the fact that only we know. Once that cat's out of the bag, where do we go next?"
"That's just it," she moaned, her hand still moving up and down slowly inside her tight trousers. "All of those things we talk about, that there's just no way I can do now, we could do them, I could actually experience some of that stuff, instead of just watching other girls having all the fun.
I knew what she was talking about. She'd been on Sarah Clarke's website again, and her appetite for anonymous sex with unknown men was at a peak.
I'd been harbouring a thought for a while now, which I'd been waiting for the right time to bring up. It was Friday night, and the only full day we had together, Saturday, approached, with Suzanne Sharp full to the brim with sexual desire.
"I've been thinking," I said, slowly. Suzie got the drift that I'd been thinking of something she might like, and raised her eyebrows, telling me to go on.
"Well we managed to find a way we could post you naked and having sex all over the internet," I began, "so I've been thinking of a way to get you what you really want,"
"And what do I really want?" Suzie quizzed.
"Not just you," I corrected myself, "What we both really want. It's all I can think about recently. Probably because it seemed so unlikely that it could ever be possible."
Suzie pre-empted my suggestion by undoing the buttons on her jeans, giving her a more comfortable access to continue teasing her swollen clit.
"Go on," she encouraged.
"Have you ever heard of a gloryhole?"
"Oh," she gasped, and her fingers became a blur for a few seconds, as she enjoyed the rush of lust and surprise at my words. "Do you know where there is one? Do you think I could?"
I chuckled to myself.
"I found a bit of chatter on the internet about one nearby, so I did some investigation," I smiled. You know the adult cinema in town?"
"Oh of course I do. I wrote a story about it, remember?"
I did remember. Back when Suzie worked for the local paper, she did an article about the seedy goings on at the clandestine erotic cinema, where screenings occasionally became orgies, usually when one member or other brought his wife along. Even back then, I remember Suzie finding the whole thing fascinating
"Yeah, well they have a gloryhole, on Saturday and Wednesday nights. They have two booths. From what I can gather, it's a bit hit and miss, they have a few regulars who come along occasionally. But, here's the thing, it's totally anonymous. The way in is completely separate to the main entrance, you get in, get comfortable, and press a button which puts a light on somewhere, telling people you are ready.
This was all Suzine needed to hear. There was no debate, no second thoughts. As soon as she knew it was a possibility, we were going to try it.
On Saturday night, we got out of a taxi a few streets down from the cinema. Suzie had on a baseball cap and large sunglasses. Luckily there weren't many people around, it was late enough to be dark, but early enough that the streets weren't filled with drunken revellers yet - this was the main drinking strip in town.
"Are you sure about this?" I asked her, tentatively. On the bulletin boards where I'd found out about this place, there were many posts from guys who'd either tried and failed to persuade their wives to come here, or who'd come and had a less than stellar experience, one or other of them freaking out about the blatant and anonymous nature of the infidelity that was demanded at the gloryhole.
Suzanne Sharp held no doubts, no misgivings. She had a spring in her step. We were off to the gloryhole, and she was going to sample some unfamiliar penises.
"I am certain," She assured me, and I knew it was the truth. She was grinning at me. "What about you? You are taking your wife to a place where she can play with anonymous cocks, how does that feel?"
"Hot," I admitted. Our marriage had gone way past the point where we had any secrets, or where I harboured any jealous thoughts. I knew Suzie needed strange cock, which was why she was here. I knew I needed to watch, which was why I was here.
As advertised, we walked past the entrance to the cinema, putting a code into a keypad on the outside of the next door along. It sprung open with a buzz, at which I anxiously looked around in case of onlookers. Suzie was already halfway up the stairs. At the top was a corridor with three doors. At either end a door stood ajar, and in the middle was a locked door. Suzie was already exploring the door to our left, but she decided on the other one, having checked out both.
"Three holes," she explained. Sure enough, one booth had two holes, on opposite sides, and the other had a hole in three of the four walls. Each hole was padded with thick, shiny and spongy material
"Must be wipe clean!" Suzie observed with obvious delight.
Now that we were inside, Suzie removed the cap and glasses, and slipped out of her long coat. She'd not advertised it before we left, but she was wearing a really hot minidress, tartan and tight around her breasts. Grinning, she lifted the front to reveal she wasn't wearing anything else.
"Seems a bit of a waste?" I'd wondered, "when nobody can see it?"
"Oh everyone's going to see it, Rich. That's your job, remember?" Now she was ready, she pushed the button. A red light came on at the top of the booth. Somewhere in the distance we heard an abrupt buzz.
I felt a rush of blood to my loins as I realised Suzanne had no intention for the show she was going to give to be for my eyes only. She had created a world in which it was absolutely possible for me to record and broadcast her disgusting, slutty behaviour to the world. And she couldn't wait to get started.
I started filming as my wife, the famous newsreader Suzanne Sharp, summoned her first strange cock of the evening, and indeed of our marriage.
"What are you waiting for?" I asked, for the camera
"I've just pushed that button there," she explained, looking directly into the camera with those beautiful eyes, "which should mean that any moment we're going to see a cock come through one of these holes."
"Right on cue, a flaccid, average sized white penis appeared at the hole directly behind her. I saw it before she did. I pointed it out to her.
"Oh, hello!" she giggled. The cock was in her hand immediately, and as her hand touched it I felt my own cock rising at the same rate this strange one did.
The situation was truly bizarre. We were, to all intents and purposes, alone in this room. But intruding on our privacy was this stranger's cock, hardening ever more rapidly as Suzie flicked her tongue around it lovingly. She hadn't missed a beat, there was no hesitation, not a thought for anything other than the arrival of this new cock for her to play with.
I trained my camera on her, and felt an incredible surge of excitement, my heart thumping so much I thought I might faint for a moment. Here was British TV's most famous face, darling of the tabloids, eyes glinting with sheer happiness as she took the head of this now mostly solid cock into her mouth.
Smiling, she flicked a wicked glance at me as her hand moved over the button and pressed it firmly. In the distance, another buzz. Suzanne Sharp had summoned a second cock.
We stayed in the gloryhole for over two hours. I filmed every second. Although we'd both fantasised about how Suzanne would deal with strange cocks, I was initially a little taken aback by just how easily she took to it. Once the second cock had arrived, and Suzie had got it nice and hard, she summoned another.
Watching her grasp the third penis eagerly as soon as it appeared was too much for me, I had no way to prevent it, I simply shot my cum. Unnoticed by Suzie, it splashed onto the side of her tartan dress, with her oblivious, lost in a world of stranger's penises.
From that point my wife had three cocks on the go for the rest of the time we stayed in the little booth. My cock remained out as I played with myself with one hand and filmed Suzie with the other.
I'd been shocked to see just how far she was willing to go. With no idea who was on the other end of the large, black penis she'd brought to an impressive size, she was ready to simply back up on it, no qualms about just fucking this stranger, unprotected.
I reminded her of the risks, by handing her a condom, which she rolled onto the stranger's cock robotically. But it felt like she was slightly annoyed by this delay. Her eyes were glazed over, and she only had eyes for the new additions to the room, poking obscenely through the holes in the wall.
Suzanne was absolutely on fire. With no thought for secrecy or modesty, she screamed in sheer animal lust, knees slightly bent, as she slammed herself against the wall of the booth, wall shaking slightly with the impact both of her, and the stranger on the other side, reciprocating and thrusting into my wife with equal force.
The booth was thoughtfully constructed and the walls were perfectly distanced apart so that a lady could easily accept a cock into her mouth, whilst receiving one from behind. And, for good measure, Suzie was constantly wanking a third, keeping all of her suitors happy.
It took only a little over five minutes before I saw Suzie receive her first load of cum from a stranger. We were confused to hear a knocking on the wall of the booth from the side she was sucking urgently. It wasn't until the cock began spurting uncontrollably, shooting semen into the side of Suzie's face, that we realised the knocking was a pre-warning of orgasm.
We heard the knocking a further eight times during proceedings, and now that she knew what it signified, Suzie took enormous pleasure in looking directly into the camera as the results of her hard work was jettisoned into her beautiful face.
I was constantly reminding myself that the lucky owners of these anonymous cocks were having sex, or receiving an expert blowjob, from one of the most famous and desirable women in the country. They were probably delighted simply to get some action, but if they realised the truth...
As I sat and snapped away, or took short videos of Suzie having the time of her life with all of these strange cocks, I tried to imagine what the headlines in the newspapers would read like, were the perversions of Suzanne and her husband ever to go public. My mind kept going back to the thought, and when it drifted I forced it back there again; just thinking about it made me so amazingly aroused.
We weren't sure if the cocks had simply run out, or if the place was closed, but no more were poked through the holes - Suzanne had no desire to end proceedings, but the lack of further contributions made our minds up - it was time to leave.
I spent some time snapping away at my sperm covered wife for a few minutes before she used some of the supplied tissues to clean herself down. Despite my earlier ejaculation I was as hard as iron again, but wanted to get Suzie home to take it out on her.
I followed Suzie down the steps. She'd made a good fist of cleaning up, considering the mess the men had made of her face and hair, but there was a good portion of cum in the back of her hair, which she'd not have been able to spot in the small mirror on the wall of the booth.
"You've got a load of cum at the back of your head," I said.
Just saying it out loud made the events of the last few hours seem real. It was as if Suzanne had, until now, been on autopilot, not really in control of what she was doing, And I'd just dutifully gone along with what she'd wanted, enjoying the show.
We exited the door and left it slam closed behind us. The street was quite busy, but nobody looked at us twice
Suzanne felt around the base of her neck. She seemed to wake up as her hand found the large, sticky mass of semen which was still dripping slowly down through her famous hair - the very head of hair that, if we'd walked long enough, would inevitably have been shining out from some bus stop or other, advertising shampoo for her sponsor. She started laughing uncontrollably.
I'd not heard her laugh like that before - it was almost hysterical, and for a moment I thought I might have to snap her out of it somehow. But she regained control of herself. She donned her baseball cap, pulling her semen-covered hair through the gap in the back, making a pony tail. She licked her fingers clean of cum
"Oh. My. God." She was looking at me, wide eyed. "I can't fucking believe I just did that!"
I'd never seen her like this. She was, all at once, ashamed, excited, dumbfounded and, just a little bit, proud.
I was also struggling with the magnitude of what she'd done. Until now it had been a dream. Really hot, amazing to fantasise about, but I realised now that I'd never actually thought it would happen, right up until that first penis had appeared over Suzie's shoulder.
Now that she'd done it, it took some reconciling. Despite the slight feeling of shame, and even jealousy that my wife had made herself available so totally and so easily to whoever happened to stick their cock through the hole, I was still unwaveringly erect.
"You OK?" Suzie asked. I didn't answer immediately, because I didn't know if I was. She looked concerned. We stopped walking. Under the streetlight parts of her perfect face were gently adorned with flakes of semen which had rapidly dried in the cool night air.
"I know, it was a bit full-on wasn't it? I'm sorry, I just got so caught up in it all. I'd never been in a situation anything like that before." She stopped, waiting for my response. My silence appeared to confirm her worst fears.
"Oh shit, what have I done? I thought you were OK with it - you seemed to be? You never said anything. I should have stopped, asked you before I did anything, shouldn't I?
At that moment, more than the first time I met her, more than our wedding day, more than at any time during our relationship, I felt complete and absolute love for this woman. I gave her my answer by pulling her close and kissing her passionately, without a care for the residue of strangers' sperm which still lingered on parts of her famous face.
My erection wasn't going anywhere, and the feeling of wood prodding emphatically into her midriff settled her fears. I felt her relax, and she kissed me back with some gusto.
Her hand found its way to my cock, confirming my intense arousal.
"Wow!" she winked, a look of relief replacing the concern. "Someone likes watching his wife being fucked!"
You might think the distractions of this morally questionable behaviour, completely at odds with her public persona, might distract from her career. But as usual Suzanne was gone when I awoke the next morning. She left really early on a Sunday to give herself time to prepare.
After my usual Sunday morning fry-up I settled down in front of the TV just in time to see my wife's in depth interview with the leader of the opposition. As she pinned him down with some well researched questions, I reached for my phone. The feelings from last night came flooding back as I swiped through the huge number of pictures I'd taken.
I held my phone up so my eyes could flick between the sight of my wife, resplendent in a black suit, white blouse and her usual killer legs in the MP's eyeline. I wondered whether he'd had specific training from his advisors in how to avert his eyes from those famous legs, as it was no easy task to prevent the eyes drifting down to such an alluring sight.
On my phone I relived the events of last night. Those same legs bare and slightly bent, knickers around her ankles as she held herself at just the right height to allow strangers access to her soaking cunt and famous face.
She was penetrated thoroughly and repeatedly for hours, and we had no idea who by. If today's guest, the famous politician, had happened to have been on the other side of that wall, he'd have fucked her too, or ejaculated in her beatiful face. The gloryhole did not discriminate, and neither did the famous Suzanne Sharp - if you could get hard and push your cock through the hole, she'd be more than happy to bend over for you, or take your cock deep into her throat.
I suddenly realised I was ejaculating, all up the front of my chest, covering my Rolling Stones t-shirt indiscriminately. I hadn't even realised I was masturbating - in fact I was sure I hadn't been. Just the sight of my wife on the two screens, such an absolute contrast in the two scenes, had set me off.
Over the following days we discussed what had happened almost constantly. At first, it was very much reassuring ourselves that we were still fine, that nothing could affect our relationship - not in a bad way anyway. And then, as the next weekend approached, the subject of whether or not we would go back came up.
"I think we should - I mean, as long as you do?" Suzanne had ventured. Knowing her as well as I did, I knew that she was absolutely set on another visit. I'f I'd been inclined to try to stop her, it could have been a problem. But I wasn't.
"Definitely," I grinned. "I've been thinking about it - how I feel about it, I mean. It was definitely a shock, but such a massive turn-on."
"Absolutely," Suzanne agreed, eyes shining now that my consent was rubber stamped. "It's so hot, just so completely dirty, random men just presenting their cocks like that. No idea what they look like, how old they are,"
"Well they have to be over eighteen to become members," I interrupted.
"Oh yeah, I know, it's all legal, I'm sure. I just mean, you know, they could be eighteen or eighty. Anything in between. And I'm, just sucking them off, fucking them, no idea what they look like."
I nodded. Just like Suzanne, I knew that, now that we'd opened this particular box, it wasn't going to close again.
"What keeps coming back to me, and is so fucking hot, is we might even know some of them. Could be the guy behind the bar at The Oak, his son, the bloke stacking shelves at the supermarket. They might have all fucked the famous Suzanne Sharp, shot a load of spunk in her beautiful face. And they'd have no idea."
"Oh god," As generally happened during these conversations, Suzanne's hand had found its way between her legs. She was wearing loose shorts and leaning on the kitchen counter in a baggy t-shirt. Her breathing got heavier as her fingers worked their magic. "You're right. Who knows who I've fucked?"
I was glad these thoughts had the same effect on my wife that they had on me. I continued to tease her.
"If we keep going back, it just increases the chances that you are going to fuck someone we know." I stated, seriously. "Statistically, it's unlikely you could avoid it."
"You think so?" She loved it.
"Definitely. But even if you didn't, every single person you fuck, every cock that comes through that hole, belongs to someone who knows exactly who you are. They've all watched you reading the news, seen your interviews, probably fantasised about fucking you. And now they have, they just don't know it.
"Fuuuck!" she groaned, an audible squelching coming from within her shorts as she brought herself to climax at these dirty thoughts. I waited for it to die down a bit before pulling her shorts down and easing into her, still bent over the kitchen counter.
"It's lucky there are so many cocks waiting for you," I grunted in between thrusts, pounding urgently. "Because I definitely need the help, you are far too fucking hot for one man!"
"I am far too fucking horny for just one man, just one cock," she agreed. "I can't fucking wait to get back there, to feel all of those hard cocks inside me again."
"How many do you think you can take?" I was close now.
"Oh I hope there's more than last time. It was eight, right? I'd easily manage twice that, more even. I fucking love it!"
That was enough for me.
"In your fucking mouth," I ordered. Suzie knew what I meant, and spun around, mouth wide open, obligingly waiting for my load of sperm.
"I want to see you eating up all my spunk, then on Saturday I think you should swallow all of their loads too.,"
"You think?" Suzie adopted the most filthy expression at the thought. "You want to see me swallowing all of the strangers' cum?"
"I do. And so do you." I stopped talking and concentrating on what came next.
"OK, I'm going to eat up as much fucking strangers sperm as I can," she agreed, as I began to shoot into her mouth. "Five, ten, twenty loads, I'm going to swallow it all."
And now it was Saturday night. I had my camera trained on my wife as she sat in the booth again, anticipating what came next. She'd opted for a really slutty outfit this week. Unbeknownst to me, she'd been shopping, and had slipped off her long coat to reveal an incredible outfit.
Her breasts were uncovered and the new corset pushed them upwards and together obscenely, inviting you to grab them. She hadn't bothered with panties of any kind, and had a full black stocking and suspender belt set on. Her long black, knee-high boots were equidistant from her newly waxed pussy, heels hooked on the edge of the bench she sat on. Her legs were spread wide apart, and her pussy thrust shamelessly towards my camera.
There wasn't a lot of room in the booth, and her long coat was in the way. There was no hook on the wall, but I'd noticed some hooks outside the door in the corridor. It was a warm night, and there was no need for a coat, I was in jeans and a t-shirt. But Suzanne's coat wasn't to guard against the cold, it was to provide coverage on the short walk from the car
She'd been ready for this since we'd awoken that morning. I'd done my best job of trying to keep her going, giving her my best with my tongue for at least half and hour, followed by a fuck which I regularly halted to regain my composure, trying to keep going for a bit longer than I'd been managing recently.
Our Saturday morning fuck was always an intense affair, as we'd watch Sarah Clarke's Secrets. The show was recorded from the previous night, as Suzanne didn't get home until after it finished. This meant I was always struggling against a premature ejaculation at the best of times, but with the developments of the past week, I barely managed four or five thrusts at a time before I had to withdraw to prevent an early finish.
I'd managed to time my orgasm with the end of the show, quite an achievement as this week Sarah had featured heavily, an intense session with Holly, her friend Annette's daughter, and three men picked from the audience finishing off the show. But even as I withdrew, Suzanne was contemplating what it would be like if there was another hard cock ready and waiting to plunge into her cunt, well lubricated as it was with my semen.
And now, finally, she was ready for the evening's proceedings to start.
"Tell me why we're here," I encouraged, moving the camera up from her bald pussy, past those perfect breasts, firm and presented to the camera by her new corset, and settled on her beautiful face, zooming right in so it filled the whole screen.
We'd talked about how much I loved watching the footage back. I also got a real kick from seeing my wife describe the situation in her words, and she got a similar thrill from this. She put on her 'nine-o-clock-news' voice, which was broadcast across the nation each weeknight.
"Tonight, Rich, I'm here at the gloryhole, at the local adult cinema. In case you've never heard of one, a gloryhole is a place where horny girls like me can come, and, if we're lucky, get some anonymous man to push his penis through one of these holes."
She pointed around the walls of the booth, and I followed with the camera.
"What are you going to do, when the cock arrives?" I quizzed her.
"I'm going to suck each cock, until it's nice and hard. And then I'm going to fuck and suck every cock. Unfortunately we do have to use these," she held up a condom, one of at least ten in a bowl, thoughtfully provided by the establishment. "So nobody will be cuming inside my smooth little cunt, I'm afraid, but,"
"Would you like that?" I wondered. It was actually a genuine question. Despite us talking about little else, the subject of whether my wife desired strangers to ejaculate inside her wasn't one we'd discussed.
This was mostly because it was such a risk. I couldn't fail to notice the fascination Suzie held for the episodes of Sarah Clarke's show which featured internal cumshots, or 'Creampies' as they were known. She especially seemed to love several loads of cum oozing from her well-fucked vagina. This was a common conclusion to Sarah Clarke's Secrets.
"I would love that," she confirmed, shamelessly. "I mean, I know we can't. But, one day, if possible, yeah, I'd love to try it. But today, all the cum is for my mouth. The rule of the gloryhole is, when you are about to cum, you knock on the wall. So I'm going to be ready and will try to swallow as much as I can."
"Can't wait," I said, honestly.
"So," Suzie continued, warming to the theme. "I think it's time to get started. As you can see, we have three holes. It's a shame we can't have more, but I guess three isn't a bad number. Now that I'm ready, I just press this button..." she reached over and pushed the button, setting a distant buzzer away, "...and wait."
Within thirty seconds we felt footsteps as the first cock approached. As it was presented to her, already semi erect, she pushed the button again.
"You mean business tonight," I observed. Last week she'd not summoned a second cock until the first one was nearly ready to blow.
"I definitely do," she agreed. "In fact..." she reached over and pressed the button, asking for a third cock to come to the booth.
Whilst I'd enjoyed the previous week, it was all a bit new and strange - we hadn't known what to expect. But this time we both knew exactly what was coming. Suzanne Sharp, who no doubt many of the anonymous cocks owners would have watched expertly deliver the news at around this time last night, fucked and sucked each penis that appeared with very obvious relish and a lust which didn't decline from minute one until the last one was spent.
Rather than take pictures, and little video clips, this week I'd recorded the whole thing on video, from beginning to end. Suzie, true to her word, had obeyed my request for her to swallow as many loads as she could manage. Each time the 'knock-knock' came, she'd clamp her lips around the requisite cock eagerly, rarely missing a drop. Once she had a mouthful, she'd show it to my camera proudly before gulping it down.
This week Suzie's wish was granted, and in total fourteen cocks appeared, received my wifes expert attention, and withdrew, spent and satisfied. Additionally, she also had collected the full condoms from each cock before it withdrew.
So, once no more cocks responded to the button presses (she tried a few times, just to be sure) she gathered up these five condoms, each with varying amounts of semen, bulbously occupying the end of the little balloons as they hung obscenely from her well manicured hand. She then turned all five upside down and squeezed the contents all over her breasts.
Some spilled down over her corset, the thinning, but still white, fluid contrasting with the new black leather slutty outfit she'd purchased - perhaps she'd worn this with exactly this moment in mind. The rest was massaged into those perfect breasts. I'd patiently watched as my wife had relieved those fourteen anonymous strangers of their cum, and now it was my turn.
"It looks like that smooth little cunt could do with some cum too," I observed. There was no need for any foreplay - my cock was rock hard from the hours of watching my perfect pornstar of a wife dealing with cock after cock. And she was, as I slid into her, very much ready for another cock, having been stretched repeatedly for my camera.
"Oh it so could. It feels like such a shame - I love cum in my face, and I love swallowing it, too. But sometimes it's so nice to feel a cock just unloading inside you."
It was a formality that I'd be doing exactly this, and in no time I was pulling out, training my camera on the sight of my load oozing out of Suzie, who held her lips wide apart, making for an exceptional view for the camera.
Once this was over, it was time to leave.
"It must close at eleven," Suzie observed. "They stopped arriving at exactly the same time last week."
"You did pretty well today though, I thought," I complimented her. "I cannot fucking wait to watch all of that back again." I nodded at my phone.
"Nor can I," Suzie smiled. "But, can you get my coat please? It's kicking out time at the pub, and I don't think I can make it back to the car like this." She stood, motioning down at herself. Her hair had gone a bit wild, although this week it seemed to be mostly free of sperm as she'd done a good job of swallowing all she could. Her breasts and corset were shiny with cum, and her hairless pussy was leaking my load, which was sliding down the inside of her legs now and creeping over her stocking tops.
"I think that would be on the front page tomorrow," I laughed, "if anyone saw it. Jesus, you look so fucking hot." I didn't move, entranced by the sight of my wife, looking exactly like she'd just fucked and sucked fifteen cocks..
"Coat?" Suzie reminded me, sweetly.
"Oh yeah, sorry."
I opened the door only a little at first to make sure we were alone. We were, so I stepped into the dark corridor and felt along the wall for Suzanne's coat.
"Must be on the other side of the door," I muttered, and moved over there, still feeling around as my eyes hadn't adjusted from the bright, artificial white light which filled the booth.
"Nope, can't see it." I said, confused. I switched on the torch on my phone, scanning the walls up and down the corridor. There were the coat hooks, but no coat.
"Oh shit," I said, anger rising. "Some fucker's been in and taken it!" I was annoyed, and felt the rage of someone who has had something of theirs taken. But the consequences of this hadn't registered just yet.
Suzanne was a bit quicker to understand the predicament this left us in. Chiefly because it was a predicament which affected her, and her alone.
"Rich," she began. I was still raging at this crime.
"What was in it? Did you have anything in the pockets?"
"No, nothing really, just my hat and sunglasses. It's just a coat, but Rich, look at me," she gestured down at her beautiful form, dressed for sex, sperm still shining on her uncovered breasts. "I've got to get back to the car like this!"
I contemplated whether I could bring the car right up to the door. But the street was pedestrianised, with bollards physically preventing a car from getting any closer than I was parked, about three hundred yards away from us.
"I'll give you my t-shirt. And my trousers if you like?" I suggested.
"It's only around the corner," Suzanne said, walking down the steps and pulling the door ajar. A group of men walked past immediately, not spotting the door opening. She waited for a few seconds before peering around the door again.
There's quite a few people coming out of the pub up there, but most are going the other way," She smiled at me, and I realised she was enjoying this. I was a bit worried, on her behalf.
"It's a bit risky, Suze," I suggested. "If anyone spots you..."
"I know, I know - but I can see all the way along that way, and nobody's going to be coming from the lane down there at this time, " she persuaded. I realised that, in her dirty little mind, having to walk back to the car naked and covered in the sperm of five strangers, with cum dripping out of her pussy, was exactly the way she'd have chosen to round off her evening at the gloryhole.
"Just as soon as those ones turn the corner, we'll just walk along, down the lane, into the car. Ready?"
I was. Despite the threat of discovery, or perhaps because of it, I found the sight of my almost naked wife, dressed like a whore, pacing purposefully down the high street under the glare of the streetlights absolutely amazing. My phone was out and filming again within seconds.
Suzie turned to make sure I was following. Seeing the camera, she turned and continued walking backwards. She pushed her glistening breasts together with her arms, making a kiss gesture to my camera. She was bouncing.
We reached the turning where we'd parked undiscovered.
"See Rich? Nothing to worry about," she laughed. She was still facing the camera, but now turned to head down towards the car. She stopped in her tracks. She'd just turned right into the path of two lads who had been about to emerge from the side street where we'd parked. There was nowhere to hide. She was standing directly under the streetlight.
The two young men took a moment to register what they were seeing. There within touching distance, was the newsreader and famous TV journalist, Suzanne Smith. Aside from the black leather corset, the type you'd only see on strippers, whores and porn stars, and the equally slutty stocking and suspender set, she was completely naked. Her full, firm breasts were protruding, demanding to be noticed, such was the pressure applied by the corset. And her vagina was as smooth as a peach, having just been waxed in preparation for the sex session which had very obviously just been completed.
There was silence. One of the lads was first to speak.
"Fuck me, Dave. Do you know who that is?" Dave clearly did. He was shaking his head, jaw hanging open loosely. "It's..." the first boy began. Both were clearly a little worse for wear, but I doubted they'd forget this in the morning. "It's that,what's her name, who reads the news. What the fuck!"
Suzanne didn't move as they continued to stare at her. She made no attempt to cover up. She simply stood, hands on hips, as the boys took in the unbelievable scene.
I considered our options. The car was only just a little way down the road, I could see it. We could make a run for it. But that would leave a big 'what if' hanging over Suzanne - her career wouldn't survive this kind of exposure.
I could threaten the lads. There were two of them, but they didn't look like I'd have a problem with them, should I choose to follow this route. But the threat of this becoming public was always there. Unless I killed them? Mad thoughts ran through my mind. Suzie brought me back to reality.
I knew she'd harboured fantasies of this sort of thing, we'd talked about it often enough. Only a week ago she'd brought herself to a shuddering orgasm whilst talking me through a fantasy situation where she'd be forced to walk home from a nude beach through some crowded streets, having had her clothes stolen. The similarity of the situation was quite eerie, now I thought about it.
But I hadn't expected her to be able to keep her cool like this when faced with the reality of it actually happening. It was her move.
"Well, we seem to be in quite a situation," she smiled, hands still on hips, body completely on display. "I wonder, do you think we might be able to come to some sort of arrangement?"
"Eh?" These weren't the most vocal or intelligent of young men, but they were dressed nicely, were clean shaven and clearly frequented the gym. I knew what Suzanne would be thinking. But it really didn't seem like the best idea given that, if she did what I thought she was going to do, it was unlikely to be something that we could keep quiet.
"You've got me," she smiled, motioning at her naked body. "Tomorrow I'm going to be interviewing the Mayor of London. Something like this wouldn't really go down too well. Look at the state of me! I've been getting fucked for the last two or three hours!"
Both boys simply stood there. She had them in the palm of her hand. But still, I thought, no matter what she did, as soon as she left them, how could we stop them from telling all? Or maybe she was banking on nobody believing them?
Footsteps were approaching along the main road behind us.
"Come on," Suzanne ordered, pacing confidently towards the car. Her bum tipped attractively left and right with each step, perched invitingly atop those two perfect, stocking clad legs. Dumbly, all three of us followed.
We'd parked on a corner of a back lane, Suzanne moved into the darkness, and still we followed. All of the buildings were commercial ones and all were now closed. It was very unlikely we'd be spotted. Suzanne found an open yard, taking her even more out of the eyeline of any potential passers by.. We could barely make out the sight of her beautiful body, although as our eyes adjusted it came welcomingly back into view.
"Right then. Here's my proposal. I believe I have something you want - am I right?"
"Erm..." She was going to have to spell it out.
"Let me try another way. I very much do not want you to tell anyone about this. But I'm realistic enough to know that it would be very difficult for you to promise this. So, as a reward for your silence, I'm willing to fuck you, both of you."
"What?!" Dave spluttered.
"You heard. I appreciate it's not the best venue, so I'll tell you what. I'll suck you both off, right here, right now. You can cum in my mouth, in my face, whatever you want. And, tomorrow, when I get home, we can all get together and you can do it, can do me, properly. How does that sound?"
The first young man, who we now discovered was called Keith, found his voice.
"Well I can't speak for Dave, but it's a 'yes' from me.
"How about you, Dave," Suzie probed. "Wouldn't you like me to suck your cock? Fill Suzanne Sharp's mouth with your cum? And then meet up tomorrow for a nice fuck?"
It turned out Dave, not surprisingly, was interested in this.
"Right then. But I'm going to need a little insurance. I'm sure you are both very honest, but I know how tempting it is going to be to tell someone. To be honest, I don't think many people would really believe you, but I do need to be sure.
"So, I'm going to need to record you saying something incriminating, something so embarrassing and unpleasant that you'll remember not to say anything. Do you think that's fair?
It took a little persuasion, but soon Suzanne had video footage of both lads completely naked from the waist down, stating their names, addresses, and how much they liked to molest children. Nothing was guaranteed, but this did seem to give us at least something which would make them think twice about spreading any gossip. Both would have agreed to anything, I knew the thought of missing what Suzie was offering them just wouldn't have been an option.
Suitably happy, she dropped to her knees.
"Come on then." She said it in a resigned, amused tone. "Who's first?"
It seemed appropriate for me to film proceedings. Any thought that these lads were blackmailing my wife had completely gone by now. She had a cock at each side and hungrily swapped between them, cajoling and egging them on in her famous voice.
"Mmmm, you've got lovely cocks," she purred. "Are you looking forward to fucking me tomorrow? Do you want me to dress up like this, like a slut for you?" No response was given or expected. Although there were bodies attached to them, these were simply two more anonymous cocks for my wife's pleasure.
"Let me know when you are ready to cum," she said looking up into their eyes, cock in each hand. It struck me that Suzanne had manufactured a situation where she had two young men lined up for her to fuck tomorrow, and somehow, it seemed that she'd be able to keep it secret.
For such a famous, beautiful and recognisable person, I thought to myself, she had discovered a remarkable talent for arranging sex outside of our marriage, without risking her career.
"I'd like one of you at either end, I'll dress up like a whore, and you can fuck my mouth and my cunt. I want you to keep swapping, let me taste my cunt on these cocks. Do you like the sound of that?"
They did. Within a minute, Suzanne had two full loads of sperm in her mouth, following the many she'd already consumed this evening. She smiled up at my camera, holding her hand up to her chin as some spilled from the corners of her mouth. The boys watched on, still speechless, as the famous Suzanne Sharp gulped down their semen.
Armed with Keith's phone number, she bade them farewell, leaving them standing speechless in the yard, trousers and boxers around their ankles.
"See you tomorrow!" she called, and we walked back to the car. I'd left the video rolling, and made sure to get the footage of my wife climbing, mostly naked, into the car.
"Jesus, is that the time?" She said as I pulled away "I've got to be up for work in five hours!"
As usual I watched Suzanne's Sunday morning interview, and, as usual, she did an amazing job. The mayor was pinned down on various topics, and wasn't allowed to take his usual tactics of avoiding the difficult questions. Suzanne wasn't to be trifled with. Remembering how confidently and calmly she'd dealt with the situation last night, when she'd been caught walking back to our car naked and covered in sperm, I realised these skills were transferrable.
I wasn't sure where to begin when reviewing the footage from last night. The gloryhole had been amazing, surpassing last week's visit, which in itself was incredible. But then to be followed by a naked, cum covered walk down the street, before an impromptu double blowjob, and the promise of further sex with these two strangers today... well. Life with Suzanne Sharp was certainly not dull.
I decided to take my mind off it by visiting the gym, and when I returned. Suzanne was home. She called me upstairs. Her triumph in the earlier interview, which was still doing the rounds on social media, was completely forgotten. Her only focus was today's session with Keith and Dave.
"I'm trying to decide what to wear - what do you think?" She was wearing a PVC body suit, breasts cut out, with a zip which could grant access to her crotch as required.
"Wow! Where do you get this stuff? I wondered. The outfit she'd had on yesterday was another which had appeared from nowhere. She grinned and pulled open a drawer, which was full of various negligees, thongs, suspender belts, corsets, an enormous box of tricks for a wife of the slutty variety.
"I've been buying things all the time, ever since I realised the gloryhole was going to happen," she explained. "It's easy, mail order, it arrives the next day. I've sent a load of stuff back that didn't fit. But there's more - look."
She opened the next drawer down, which contained more of the same. I shook my head.
"Well whatever you wear, I don't think Dave and Keith will care," I laughed. "I mean, they'll love whatever you decide on, as will I."
Suzanne settled on a white blouse which she tied under her not inconsiderable bust, creating an impressive and very attractive cleavage, and displaying her flat, brown stomach. On her bottom half she opted for a virgin white stocking and suspender set, with a red miniskirt, flared out and barely covering her bare pussy, still not a hint of a hair after it's wax just last week. This was finished off with matching white stilettos.
"Will this do, do you think?" she asked.
"Oh that'll do nicely," I said, trying not to drool.
Given that she'd been up since five a.m, and that she'd prepared for, and given, an acclaimed interview with the mayor of London, I was surprised that she'd also made arrangements for this afternoon's meet.
"I get forty-five minutes in the car, each way," she explained. "It's not that hard. Anyway, we've got a room at the Premier Lodge. Check-in is any time from two. Keith and Dave are going to arrive at three.
We got to the room just after two. Suzanne had brought a bottle of wine, and two glasses. So we sat and talked for a while, gulping down the wine a bit too quickly.
"How are you feeling?" I probed. There was no need to elaborate. There was only one subject on our minds.
"Amazing," Suzanne grinned. "Last night, wow. I'm going to be honest, I feel like whoever stole my coat knew exactly what I needed. I loved that, so much, walking down the street, with it being so obvious what I'd done, what a dirty girl I really was. I was absolutely desperate for someone to see me. At that point I couldn't care less about anything else - my career, future, none of it.
"And, if I could have planned for who to bump into, well. If it had been a couple, or a group of girls, then I don't think I'd have been working this morning, it would already be over. But two lads, well, I can handle that."
"You certainly can," I said, admiringly. "You've thought about that before, right? What you'd do?"
"Kind of. I read it in a book once, the bit about getting them to incriminate themselves. So I had that at the back of my mind. But how fucking amazing was it? Standing naked in the street, spunk dripping out of my cunt, and smeared all over my tits."
Suzanne's vocabulary completely changed when she was 'ready'. She was so well spoken, so obviously well educated and, some might imagine, quite prim and proper when on our screens. But as her arousal levels increased, so her language became more vulgar. There was nothing that turned me on more than hearing pure filth coming from that perfect face.
I Agreed that, yes, it was fucking amazing.
"I can't believe you took that situation, and turned it around. Anyone else would have ended up getting blackmailed by those two. And instead, well, here we are."
"It helps that I want it so, so much," she admitted. I knew she did.
"So do I. You want me to film it all, right?"
"Of course. If you've got any room left on your phone?"
"I've copied everything off and wiped it this morning," I assured her. "I can fit eight hours of video on there, if needs be."
As it turned out, I did nearly fill the phone. The boys turned up five minutes early, just a few minutes after I pulled out of Suzanne's superbly tight little cunt and came in her mouth. She'd insisted on this as the cleanest option, having spent quite a bit of time on her make-up. Suzanne had only just gathered herself and tied her sexy blouse on again when the knock came.
It felt so dirty, seeing my wife dressed up with the express intent of arousing of the teenagers who were on their way here. My cock was just to get her ready.
The hotel was of the unmanned, budget variety. It was almost purpose made for illicit meetings such as this, so the sight of two young men being let into the room where a couple had just checked in probably wouldn't have raised an eyelid.
Once inside, I was amused to see that they had come bearing gifts. Keith had a box of chocolates, and Dave presented my wife with some flowers. Nobody acknowledged my presence, despite the fact I was obviously present and filming the whole thing.
"Oh, how sweet!" she'd cooed, taking the gifts and placing them on the table. She turned to face them.
"So, before we start, let's just be very. Very clear about this. Everything I did last night, and will do today, this is payment for your silence. By all means tell all of your friends about this slut you met, who let her do everything I'm going to let you do to me. But my name, who I am, is off limits. Is that clear?"
Both the boys nodded.
"You've got your insurance on us anyway," Dave reminded her. "That's some pretty destructive shit you have there."
"It is," Suzie agreed. "You're right. And I promise that will never see the light of day, unless the story of today ever becomes public. Is that clear?"
"Crystal."
The lads glanced at each other. They'd probably spoken about nothing else but last night's meeting, and what would become of today. And now it was upon them.
Suzanne Sharp, looking incredible in her sexy outfit, did a little twirl for her audience.
"What do you think?" she asked. She stood in her favourite pose, hands on hips, inviting them to look her over. "I thought the white stockings looked pretty hot, with the blouse and all?"
The boys made approving noises. Suzanne approached the closest, Dave, and slipped her arms around his waist. She had white heels on, and her face was almost level with his. Putting her hand around the back of his neck, she kissed him passionately.
I found this extraordinarily arousing. I realised that until now I'd not actually witnessed my wife doing anything that could be described as intimate - seeing her sucking anonymous cocks is superbly arousing, and watching a stranger's penis parting her pussy lips is equally so. But seeing my wife raise herself up slightly onto her tiptoes and kiss this young man so affectionately, well. I was just glad I had it on camera.
She turned to Keith and gave him the same treatment. As she kissed him, she held Dave's hand, and introduced it to the curves of her hips, encouraging him to explore. Keith moved down to her neck and she gasped as he kissed the nape gently. Both young men were now running their hands over my wife's body, dressed up so invitingly for them.
"Mmmm, that's it. Don't be shy," she encouraged them. This went on for a few minutes. It was quite unlike what I'd seen Suzanne do before, and not at all what I was expecting. There was no rush, no blatant spreading of legs, or dropping to her knees to suck cock like she'd done last night.
Sunday was one of only two days where her work didn't interfere with our evening. The room was ours until tomorrow. Today was something she wasn't going to rush. She was going to savour it.
Both boys were now attending to a breast each, running their hands over the thin white material stretched across each one.
"That's it. Look at my nipples," she smiled. They were sticking up and both boys instinctively moved in that direction, Suzie letting out a little sigh as they each twisted one gently.
She sat down on the bed, knees together. Both young men simply stood and watched her, seemingly waiting for their next instruction.
"Do you like my legs?" she asked in an innocent tone. "I was voted 'Best Legs on TV' last year, you know, in 'The Sport' newspaper. What do you think?" They did look stunning, embellished as they were with the sheer white stockings.
She beckoned them to sit either side of her by patting the bed lightly. Once sitting, she resumed kissing Dave, whilst Keith continued massaging her breasts, both together this time.
After a few minutes of this they swapped, Keith enjoying my wife's tongue flicking around his mouth lovingly, whilst his friend began contemplating untying the blouse which constrained her superb tits.
Realising his intentions, she stood and turned to face them, both of them with their eyes trained up at her like little puppies.
"Were you trying to get my tits out?" she asked in that same, innocent tone.
Keith nodded.
"OK. Tell me, have you ever watched me on the TV, and wondered what I'd look like topless? Wondered what my tits looked like, what they'd feel like? How I'd react if you slipped my nipple between your lips?"
All they had to do was nod. There was no requirement for them to talk, they were simply props for Suzanne as she fulfilled her fantasies of exposing herself.
My wife untied the blouse and let it hang free from her shoulders, Both breasts emerged proudly. She again stood hands on hips, enjoying the feeling of exposure, these strangers' eyes feeding her excitement.
"What do you think?" Both nodded. She held out her hand, beckoning Keith to stand. "Have a feel," she invited. He did as he was told, cupping her large breast and squeezing firmly.
"Oh yes, that's nice." Dave had stood on her other side and was attending to her other breast. As both of them squeezed and explored, she again kissed each of them lovingly and passionately, giving them both a full minute or so of very intense french kissing.
Sitting back down on the bed, she again gestured for them to join her.
"I think I'd like it if you gave them a kiss and a suck," she asked, almost shyly. Immediately, both heads dropped down and she had a mouth affixed to each nipple. She cupped the back of each of their heads tenderly, occasionally pulling them closer, indicating she'd like to be sucked a little more firmly.
This scene was just so intensely erotic. I'd been sitting on a chair in the corner, but stood and came up close, Suzanne's eyes meeting the camera lens with intense desire.
"Are you OK?" she mouthed. Had I not been, I very much doubted this could be stopped now. But it was nice of her to ask. I nodded and smiled.
"Are you?" I also mouthed, as my wife's perfect breasts continued to be sucked and nibbled by these two young men. The ecstatic roll of her eyes answered that without any doubt. Her hands moved away from their heads, and she decided to move things on.
"Well, that was lovely, thanks." She smiled at both of them. "It's really hot for me, you know, having both of you at once like this. You have done a lovely job, feel how wet I am!" Neither moved, so she grabbed Dave's hand and guided it between her legs. Once he'd verified her moistness, she pulled his hand to her mouth, sucking her fluid from his middle finger.
This was repeated for Keith, and she sucked her wetness from the two fingers which had been pushed inside her with pleasure, keeping eye contact with the boys as she did so.
"I think I'm ready," she announced. "How about you?" There was no objection. "Stand up at the end of the bed, while I decide who's first," she gasped slightly at the words, taking an involuntary breath as the dirtiness of what she was saying hit home.
She fluffed up the pillows and sat up at the head of the bed, hugging her knees.
"Are you nice and hard?" She wondered. I knew the answer. They both nodded.
"Show me," she demanded sweetly. Dave and Keith glanced at each other, before Keith took the lead, unbuckling his belt and pulling down his jeans and shorts quickly. Dave followed suit. Both were erect enough that their cocks sprang upwards when released from their restraints.
"Oh yes, I remember you two," Suzanne smiled, eyes switching between each hard young cock, both ready to give her the fucking she desired so much.
"Dip, doo.." she pointed at each cock in turn before deciding on the one on the left, which belonged to Dave.
"Looks like you're up, Dave," she purred. "Time for you to fuck me. We do need to use one of these, though." She tossed him a condom.
As he started to unwrap it, she parted her legs slowly, giving the boys their first clear view of her beautifully smooth vagina.
Somewhat inelegantly, Dave managed to remove the condom from its packaging, but was clearly struggling to get it onto his cock. Suzanne was watching with interest.
"I do believe you've never done that before, Dave. Am I right?" Dave shrugged, glancing furtively at his friend.
"I've never, you know." He sounded embarrassed.
"I can tell," Suzanne said, sympathetically. "I thought all the girls would insist, at your age?"
"All the girls!" Keith was laughing at his friend. Suddenly Suzanne realised.
"Oh! Oh my god. I never thought! Am I, I mean, will I be, your first?"
Dave answered for him.
"Yep. Me too."
"Oh! Oh Fuck! Rich, do you hear this?" I did.
"How old are you?" It was the only thing I'd said during the whole of last night and this afternoon's proceedings. They assured us that both were eighteen.
"Well then," Suzanne did not look like this was a problem. In fact, it had set her mind ticking over again. "Well this changes things a bit. You know what, if my husband agrees, then I'd like to forget about the condoms - if that's OK with you?"
The question was addressed to all of us, including me. I guessed that two virgins wouldn't be a threat to my wife's sexual health, and I knew just how much she'd been craving bare, unprotected sex with strangers. Now was her chance. Unsurprisingly, neither Keith nor Dave had a problem with this. The condom was tossed into a corner, and Dave assumed a position, kneeling up in front of Suzanne's inviting, wet pussy, her legs wide apart as she propped herself up on her elbows.
"Come on then," she smiled warmly.
I watched on as my wife assumed the role of sexual educator. This wasn't something either of us were expecting, but it was hot. It took Dave a little while to work out what he was doing, but my wife's slippery little pussy made it easy enough for him, once he'd started to find a rhythm.
Once he was in position and thrusting nicely in and out of her, Suzanne reminded Keith that she wanted a cock at both ends, just like she'd told them the previous night.
She took great care not to bring Keith off in her mouth, which looked dangerously close a couple of times, and after ten minutes or so told them to switch places.
"Oh yes, this is what I was talking about," she said as Dave's thick, veiny cock was thrust towards her face, dripping with her juice. "I love tasting myself on a cock." I was unsurprised to see Dave start convulsing at these words, and I moved close with the camera as he started to blow.
Like a porn star my wife trained her eyes onto my camera as this cock, freshly withdrawn from her loving, tight little cunt, shot stream after stream of thick white cum into her mouth and face. She giggled with delight as the spurts kept coming, and she savoured the taste like a genuine whore.
"Oh fuck, yes Dave. That's a lot of cum!" she exclaimed. Keith looked up from what he was doing and he seemed entranced by his friend's impressive load dripping from the famous Suzanne Sharp's face, as she carefully and meticulously cleaned his penis of the juice from the pussy he himself had just slid inside.
Keith's first experience of penetrating a woman's vagina lasted less than thirty seconds. There was no holding back, and his grunting warned Suzanne what was coming.
"Oh yes Keith! Shoot that fucking spunk right up my tight little cunt!" She encouraged him. This was something new, and neither had been expecting it to happen any time soon.
"Oh yes! Fucking push it right up there, cum right up inside me!" Suzanne encouraged the young virgin, as he experienced his second time ejaculating outside of his bedroom, the first being in my wife's mouth just last night. I was hard as iron, and I waited patiently for him to withdraw, camera poised to catch all of the filthy detail.
He pulled out, and Suzanne sat back, spread completely open, as his sperm emerged from her tight opening. She was ecstatic. This was the first time anyone other than me, her husband, had ejaculated inside her. I was equally intrigued with the situation, and I made sure to get all of the footage of this internal cumshot, which eased out of her in explicit proof of her absolute depravity.
Suzanne leaned back, enjoying the feeling of being so completely exposed to these strangers. There was no attempt to cover up, she was totally at ease with everyone's eyes on her perfect body.
"How does it look?" She wondered, all of our eyes trained on the sperm oozing out of her. She dipped two fingers inside herself and withdrew them, before using the sticky mess she'd found as lubrication.
She began rubbing her clit in a firm, circular motion. Nobody had answered her question, but she knew it looked good. Otherwise at least one of us might have disengaged their eyes from the disgustingly erotic scene of the famous Suzanne Sharp's waxed and exposed pussy, smeared all over with the sperm which continued to emerge.
"I want you to watch this carefully," she said, clearly and directly, holding each of their gaze for a few seconds. "Everything you see today, everything you do to me. Remember it. When you see me reading the news, think about how it felt slipping a finger into my juicy little cunt."
She paused for a moment to focus on refreshing the lubrication on her fingers, dipping in again to retrieve another finger covering. This was making her masturbation session so much more enjoyable - for all of us.
"When you watch me on the politics show on a Sunday morning, remember how I spread my legs. When you see my face on the ads at the bus stops, remember how much I love to suck cock. Oh shit!"
She was starting to climax now.
"Remember what a good fuck I am... what a little slut I am. How much I fucking love..."
The words petered out, but they got the message. We watched in silent reverence as she brought herself to a shuddering orgasm for our entertainment. I say 'our', but I was under no illusions; this show was for our young guests, my presence was entirely optional.
As she regained some control and gathered herself, Suzanne continued to play with herself absent mindedly. Dave had started to gather his stuff, and made to pull his boxers back on.
"What do you think you're doing?" Suzanne quizzed him
"I...I thought that was it?" he said, with an air of confusion.
"Have you had enough?"
"No."
Well neither have I. We have this room until the morning, if we want. It would seem a waste..."
Suzanne was just getting started. She beckoned both back over, and was soon going to work again, kissing one passionately whilst teasing a cock, switching partners frequently.
In no time she was being fucked by Keith again, and round two looked like it was going to be more satisfying for her than the first attempt, judging by the way she moaned when Dave's cock wasn't keeping her quiet.
"Oh, now we're talking," she encouraged, as Keith warmed to the task in hand, starting to bang into her firmly now. "How does it feel, your first proper fuck?"
He grunted. It clearly felt amazing. And well it might. Ninety-nine percent of the males in the country, I was sure, would have given anything for their first fuck to be with the famous Suzanne Sharp.
Even the prim and proper Suzanne which was her public persona would be anyone's fantasy. But to have this icon of the screen turn out to be a complete cock hungry whore was more than a dream come true. I knew these two young men would think about today every time they masturbated, every time they had sex, for the rest of their lives.
My wife kept a running commentary of events going, which only served to intensify the feeling of pure sexual abandon which hung over the room.
"I'm so lucky, being the first for both of you. I love taking your virginity, it's so hot for me. Why don't you change places now? Oh yes, I love tasting my cunt on your cock. Fuck me hard now Dave, just like Keith was doing, that's it."
Just as the boys had settled into a rhythm, her dirty talk had proved the wildcard again, and it was Dave's turn to cum inside her.
"Mmm, that's it. Fill me up, leave that spunk right up there. Your turn Keith!"
As soon as Dave pulled out, Keith was waiting to plug the dripping hole again, and the sheer filth of the situation meant he was cumming up Suzanne's increasingly well used hole immediately.
As he pulled out, I surprised her with a contribution of my own. I am ashamed to admit I lasted even less time than these two inexperienced boys, who'd been virgins until my wife had relieved them of that mantle only an hour or two earlier. I'd often wondered what it would feel like to slide into a cunt which contained the sperm of another man, and it was just as I had imagined it - very little resistance, extremely warm, unbelievably wet and silky feeling.
"Do you like fucking your wife when she's already got a load of cum inside her, Rich?" she hissed in delight. "Three loads, right up there. I can feel these boy's cum sliding out of me every time you push your cock in. I'm such a slut!"
This was all it took to leave me grimacing as I added my own contribution to Suzanne's willing little pussy, which milked me of what felt like an enormous load as she whimpered in delight.
Over the coming hours, Suzanne managed two further sessions with each of the boys. The fact that each one needed a little more recovery time gave her the opportunity to enjoy herself and let her exhibitionist streak really come to the fore.
She again masturbated, this time with her pussy gaping open with four loads of cum inside her and smeared all over her bare pubis and inner thighs. I, of course, recorded the whole scene, and she loved to tell the boys how much she loved performing for the camera. She went into great length about the DeepFakes, and how, if they examined most of the newer contributions they would find not fakes, but genuine pictures of this horny celebrity, hiding in plain sight.
She also regaled them with stories of her visits to the gloryhole, how much she desired multiple cocks, and how it turned her on so speculating about who she might have actually fucked and sucked at the anonymous sex spot.
Once she'd brought herself to another beautifully erotic orgasm, inviting everyone to get a good look as she fingered her cum filled little hole wildly, she went for a shower, before returning and surprising all of us with a wardrobe change.
She was now sporting a black, stretchy dress, made of wool, at a guess. It hugged and accentuated her perfect body. She had on black hold-ups now.
"I was thinking," she smiled, as we wondered what could be next. "I know you are going to be good boys, and not tell anyone about me. But you've been perfect gentlemen today, and I'd like to thank you. I hate to think of you telling your friends all about this little whore you met, and them not believing you, so I'd love you to take some pictures of me, to take away. I just need to keep my face out of it, if that's OK?"
The boys immediately agreed that it was more than ok.
"OK, well how about this, look!" She giggled as she pulled another black stocking, similar to the ones that looked so lovely on her legs, over her face. This brought a lighter feel to proceedings, everyone having a little laugh - she looked ridiculous. Her amazing features were squashed and contorted, and she was largely unrecognisable as the elegant, confident and sophisticated newsreader who would be on our screens the following night.
I mean, if someone had told you that this was Susanne Sharp, you couldn't prove it. It was clearly a female face, and there was a sense that it would have been an attractive one, had it not been for the stocking mask. But really, unless you knew it was her, it could really have been anyone.
Suzanne posed for some amazing pictures, and I joined the boys in snapping away, something hot about the way my wife had anonymised herself, the stocking making her look from the shoulders up like she was about to rob a bank. She posed in any position you could imagine, and exposed herself, from the neck down at least, completely.
Each of the boys took turns fucking her again whilst the other recorded it. Suzanne tore a hole in the stocking at her mouth, enabling her to suck their cocks, which again was a sight they made sure to capture in depth on their camera phones.
This whole situation had proved a big turn on for all of us, and the finale was my wife inviting the boys to masturbate into her mouth, gaping open through the hole she'd torn in the stocking. To encourage them even more, she'd taken the wine bottle we'd finished earlier, and pushed the neck deep inside her pussy. It was quite a sight, her black dress gathered around her waist as she stretched her cunt wider than I'd thought possible with the wine bottle.
I somehow managed to hold mine and Keith's phone to record the scene. Despite this being the fourth time both boys had ejaculated for her, they each managed quite a substantial load - by this time it had been three or four hours since they came last, and the photoshoot had clearly caused their balls to go into overtime producing another load.
The sight of Suzie so completely used, so well fucked, and so very happy led to one more contribution from myself, my wife encouraging me to add a third load to her mouth, which was already spilling some of the first two she'd just taken.
The sheer black material of the stocking covering her face, and the jet black of her dress, made a lovely contrast against the creamy cum which spilled down her face and onto her chest. She looked utterly debauched and completely indecent.
She held the cum in her mouth for some time, and worked the wine bottle into her wet little cunt gently as the boys took a few more snaps. The bottle was clear glass, and they got close in, getting some footage right up inside Suzie's vagina, which she encouraged by opening even wider than she already was. She allowed half of the mouthful of cum to drool out of her mouth, down her chin and join the large amount she already wore on her chest, and gulped down the rest, another cocktail made from the produce of three men.
"Well," she smiled, casting aside the bottle, propping herself up on an elbow and flashing me a grin. "That was fun!"
The boys got themselves together and left. Rather than warn them not to say anything, her main concern seemed to be to enjoy the pictures and the video they had, and that they should definitely show their friends. She did add that they shouldn't let on who she actually was, but this seemed like an afterthought.
Not for the first time, I realised that Suzanne's lust, her dirty mind and incredible imagination was always way ahead of me. Everything that we'd done, that she'd done, was thought through carefully. Every move focussed on her end goal, which was sex. Anonymous sex was good, but she was now craving exposure, recognition.
She had armed these young men with material which they would treasure for the rest of their lives, They'd no doubt show all their friends, and tell stories about the complete whore of a wife they met, who took their virginity and encouraged them to do things to her which many women would never dream of allowing.
And the only thing preventing her unveiling to the world? A thin piece of completely see-through nylon, just contorting her features enough to make it unlikely, but not impossible, for her to be identified.
It struck me, and I meant to bring it up later, that part of Suzanne Sharp actually wanted to be outed, to be discovered. To be unmasked as a slut wife. To be shamed as the type of girl who seeks out strangers and invites them to fuck her. Who sucks any cock, swallows sperm without prejudice. And who always, always ensures that her activities are recorded for future reference.
It felt like we were on a downward escalator. It was long, we still couldn't see the bottom. But it was carrying us inexorably to some fate which should definitely be avoided. The trouble was, the deeper we got, the more pure and intense the sense of desire to meet it head on became. We could try to walk upwards, away from the inevitable, but there was no way we could keep it up. I realised for the first time that, sooner or later, Suzanne Sharp would get her wish, and be exposed to the world.
It was going to happen because it was what she really wanted. And so did I. I wanted the world, my friends and family, colleagues at work, to understand that my wife loved to be fucked. That one cock would never be enough for her. And that I was absolutely complicit in making sure she got what she wanted.