After we got home from Manchester, Jess popped around to see her mom. As I checked messages and emails, other than some work details about my next job abroad, there wasn't anything of real interest, mainly junk! I have not expected her back for a while yet and am still thinking of the weekend, of last night's clubbing, of watching Jess dance, and of my reaction to her dancing in such a suggestive, sexy manner, especially with Kofi, a tall, dark stranger. Then thinking about the great sex we'd had later back at the hotel, how wet and horny Jess was, and how she had squirted when she had orgasmed, something she had never done before.
Was that down to me? the whole weekend, or was it Kofi? Had dancing with or being with Kofi most of the last 2 hours or so in the club turned my wife on? Turned her on so much so that she squirted and then cum three more times in one session, all within an hour of leaving him, and still be horny in the morning.
As I said, I wasn't expecting Jess back from her mom for a couple of hours, so I decided to look up something about black men. Not porn, but things like 'Why are white girls and wives' so attracted to them'? Eventually, I found a very informative site called **** *******, where I found not only forums on wife-sharing advice, cuckolding, wives' becoming 'Black Only', etc, but also lots of photos of cocks, black cocks, and a lot of very big black cocks! And yes, I admit that I looked at a large number of photos, thinking firstly, They all put my 5" to shame! Secondly, Jess mentioned a couple of times how big Kofi's cock was or seemed to be, as she had felt it push against her when dancing close because she reckoned it was a 'huge lump between my bum cheeks and just under my bra!'
Is that what turned her on? Is that what made Jess so wet and horny last night?
I'd never thought anything of black guys before, nor of the fact that they were so much bigger in that department, but I'd seen the evidence and do think that it might explain why Jess was so hot in bed earlier! I mean, she did enthuse about Kofi's size twice last night, and thinking about it now, she sure took every opportunity to feel its size and hardness against her body while dancing. I mean, just watching them together made me cum, so what effect must it have had on Jess? Surely it could only have been that that had made her so horny and needing more than usual in bed? Then reading more on the forums, how some wives crave bigger, thicker cock than their partners have, and even how many of the partners wanted their wives to have and enjoy bigger cock, it all just caused me a great deal of confusion!
I met and fell in love with Jess nearly 3 years ago; she's the one I'm going to spend the rest of my life with. I know I've married a truly wonderful, sexy girl who deserves the best that I can offer in our marriage.
Jess, a virgin when we met, has only known only known one man-little me. I know my dick is small and far too quick to cum to fuck her to orgasm, but both Jess and myself know that between me and 'Toy George' she will always cum at least once on my tongue, occasionally 2 or 3 times, and we now know that she can squirt too! So why do I feel she's missing out? Is she in need of a bigger cock? Maybe someone like Kofi, a black man? The more I read, the more confused I feel.
We've only been married for 14 very happy months; our sex life is good; we make love 2 or 3 times a week, job permitting; I'm sometimes away 2/3 weeks, then home 4 days minimum, but overall it's good, so why all this confusion now? - Surely it can't be just down to this weekend? Or just Jess dancing with a big fella this weekend because, well, that's happened before in Turkey - come to think of it - that was a big black fella too - bloody hell - that's twice she's had fun dancing with big black men - although Jess has never said anything - but maybe that's what she wants? Maybe even needs... And is this the reason I had visions while she slept this morning I've certainly never had any thoughts of sharing, not past girlfriends nor my beautiful wife with anyone, let alone a black man, someone like Kofi. I'm truly confused now - I've got some serious thinking to do before talking to Jess about any of this!
She's back - gotta log off!
Jess came back in all bubbly after talking with her mom. Having told her of the brilliant weekend away and how good it had been, her mom wondered why she seemed so excited, even asking what had put the sparkle in her eyes and wondering if Jess was pregnant.
"No, Mom, I'm on the pill; no grandkids yet; maybe next year! At the moment, we are both just enjoying being married and also having special times going away together."
"I mean, I couldn't tell her why going away was so special, now could I?"
Jess is giggling, going a bit red in the face.
"Could you imagine the looks I'd get if I told her about the special things that you did to me this morning? - making me so damn horny, omg, how you made me Cum four times and soak the bed - now I couldn't really, could I?"
"Did I make you so horny last night? I mean, it was you kissing and molesting me in the taxi this morning; you were soaking wet when we got into bed before I'd even done anything to you."
"What do you mean, Pete? I was horny for you to fuck me because you took me away all weekend, shopping, spending money on me, and taking me dancing! I just wanted to take care of you, make you happy, and make love with you, and even that went slightly skew-whiff because you ended up taking very good care of me in a very special way."
"I take it you didn't mention to mom about going clubbing, dancing with Kofi all night, and the rest?"
"Yes, I told her we went dancing last night. But no, I didn't mention Kofi. She'd go bloody mad!"
"But she knows from our wedding that I can't dance, so who does she think you danced with?"
"Oh, I don't know, just others, other people, but she knows I'll dance and you're with me, so what harm?"
"So you tell your mom we went clubbing last night, and she now knows I'm ok with you dancing with others because you told her so? But you dare not tell her that I must be ok with you dancing with Kofi, some black dude you'd only just met, And in such a seductive manner, for damn near the whole night?"
"Seductive manner, what the hell does that mean? We danced; that's what happens at clubs, and I loved it and thought you enjoyed it too. So you're now saying that you don't like watching me dance? Or don't you like watching me dance with other men? Or I shouldn't have danced with Kofi, or what?"
"I'm not saying that at all, but your mom already thinks I'm a wimp and that I should be here taking care of you instead of being away for weeks at a time! Do you know that just before the wedding, she asked if I should maybe get a proper job, go work in an office, maybe even at the same firm, with the same boss but 9 to 5, working on computers or typing, even something secretarial? Just because I'm not like my big brother or my dad, both big, strong men and both builders? And then you go telling your mother that I'm okay watching you with other men!"
"I've done no such thing! I've never told her that you encourage me to go and dance without you! But in fact you encouraged me to dance with Kofi last night, didn't you? You were telling me what a good mover he was and that he looked good out there! And I should stop wasting time and go dance with him."
"I didn't encourage you at all. We were talking about who could dance out there, who could move well, and yes, I did say that you were wasting time, but it was you who picked on Kofi and then danced for hours with only him!"
"Not true! Kofi rescued me from that drunken perv, remember? And then I danced with him that time only! Then I came and sat with you for a while."
"Later on, we danced together because he kept other creeps away, because he could dance, and he made me laugh and made the time fly!"
"Yes, I noticed you enjoyed his company; that he made you laugh, and the way you danced together sometimes he certainly made you horny too!"
"What do you mean by the way we danced? horny? What are you on about? We went clubbing, we had fun, dancing makes me horny, and then we finished up having a lot of fun in bed." Jess gave a big sigh. "Actually, I had thought that we were going to continue the fun weekend tonight, but you didn't enjoy it, so I take it; it's all off tonight."
"Listen, Jess, I didn't mean to upset you; I love you; I fucking loved you last night and this morning! You're getting worked up over something that's not there. So go put some glad rags on, we're going out, have a couple of drinks in the Oak, and then, whatever you fancy, Indian, Chinese again, that Italian place? Your choice! We'll talk about the weekend then, ok?"
While having a drink at the Royal Oak, I told Jess that I was away again for 7 days and that I'd be gone before she was home from school tomorrow, which led me to repeat what her mother said about my job and me being away so often! She had spoken to me before the wedding, suggesting maybe I work in an office and implying that I wasn't man enough to work as a laborer on building sites alongside my big brother, working for my dad, who runs his own building company.
Jess didn't even seem surprised by her mother's remarks! She went on to tell me that after our honeymoon in Scotland, her mom had been asking her about how it all went. "You know, in the bedroom, like, was I, erm, did we, you know, and so I told her straight. Everything was perfect! And then, a few weeks after coming back from Turkey, she asked about my getting pregnant anytime soon. She mentioned that maybe you should go and get tested, but I told her it's not necessary yet; some couples wait 4-5 years to conceive, and there's no rush for us to have any 'rug rats' just yet! So, maybe you are right. Peter, mom could have this idea that you're a bit of a wimp! I'll have a word; talk to her while you're away!"
"Anyway, come on, it's time to go for dinner."
It's only a short drive to Harvest Moon, Jess's favorite Chinese restaurant, where we can chat over the sweet and sour with fried rice. Having gotten a table for two in an alcove and ordered our meal, I began by asking Jess outright.
"Do you think I'm a wimp? Is that why you look for bigger guys when we're away? Because they turn you on more than me?"
"No, I do not think you're a wimp, and no, big men don't always turn me on, as you say! I fell in love with you; you're all I need. I just can't understand where this is coming from all of a sudden. Listen, We've had a wonderful weekend; you're happy, I'm happy, very happy, especially after what you did this morning!"
"Tell me why were you so horny at the club then? Kofi sure got you going, didn't he? I mean, you certainly enjoyed him mauling you."
Jess interrupted me, saying, "Mauling me? When? We were only dancing!"
"Look, Jess, I lost sight of you for a while in the crowd, and when I spotted you both again, Kofi was behind you, hanging on to your hips, and you were grinding back on him. It looked as if you were twerking, grinding your bum against his hard-on! You let him run his hand around your bare belly, his fingers slipping down the front under the belt of your skirt. I thought he was going to finger you right there, in public! During some of your slower dances, he was cupping the cheeks of your arse, and I'm pretty sure they went up under your shirt and bra at one point too."
Jess interrupted me again, banged the table, raising her voice slightly, and said "No, no, no! Kofi never touched my tits and never went under my bra at all. Twice I told him off for touching my bum, and he stopped doing it. He did tease me about it, saying my bum was hard to resist, again making me laugh, but that's all it was, ok? Just a bit of fun, that's all."
"One time you were hugged up in a slow one, and his back was towards me, so I couldn't see you except your hands around the back of his neck; he was around you. Then, as you both turned, I clearly saw his hands cupping both cheeks, and it took you quite a few seconds to say anything to him; you'd been out of my sight with your back turned a while, and you probably enjoyed his hands gripping your bum for quite some time. And yet again, when the DJ played the last slow one, that ended with you kissing him and Kofi having a last grope, hugging you tight, and feeling your bum again!"
"You know what, Pete? You're making it sound like I was fucking him on the dance floor, in front of everybody there! So I'm going to say this just once, so listen to me, listen good, IT WAS ONLY DANCING! I admit he touched my bum a couple of times, but he never touched my tits or my other bits! I'll admit to the twerking because I felt something long and hard down there and had to check it out. God, Pete, I just couldn't believe it; it just can't be normal. I will also admit it was so different dancing with Kofi. I mean, the contrast between us is so very different! He's nearly a foot taller than us and has a hell of a body on him too, well defined, even though he's black. From Morocco, I think. I admit the contrast is slightly frightening, but a little exciting too! You and I are both similar in height and build; both are very pale-skinned. You're 9st wet; I'm not even 9st. But Kofi, he's 6'3" and weighs what... 14, maybe 15 stones of solid muscle? And you know I run about 5 miles after school on Mondays, right? Well, he runs 5 miles every day, works out in the gym at least an hour daily, and so well, he's fit."
"So dear, what you're saying is that you fancied him like crazy but had to settle for me at the end of the day, ah poor Jess!" I teased as we both laughed!
The waiter came over to clear the table, asking if we wanted a dessert. But I think both of us just wanted to get back home, so I asked for the bill.
In the car on the way back, Jess had her hand on my upper thigh. I asked her again if she fancied Kofi that way, not just for dancing but because of how she raved on about him making her laugh, how time flew by in his company, that maybe she had enjoyed being with him, in his arms more than she was letting on, and also how she talked about his 'fit body', the size of his package. I asked her, If I'd not been there, would she have been tempted to have gone back to his place?
My wife's reply was a bit surprising, but interesting! "Firstly, I wouldn't have been there dancing with him if we hadn't gone to Manchester. Secondly, you told me to ask him to dance, didn't you? Thirdly, just because he was different, black, and had a big, no - huge cock does not mean I forgot I was married and that you were there watching, waiting to take me home to bed. And lastly, yes, I found Kofi very attractive in several ways, and I admit, he hugged me tight when we were leaving, and when I kissed 'his cheek' with him pulling me against his hard cock and feeling my bum again, It did turn me on a little bit; it made me wet and horny! Oh yeah, and for your information, I couldn't have gone back to his place anyway. He shares a dorm room with three other guys. Just imagine being snuck into his room with four black men there, dressed as I was. And - Bloody hell, Pete! What's this? Why have you got such a hard-on now?"
"Sweetheart, you've just told me that you wanted another guy's big cock, and the way you tell it turns me on a little too! Also, I'll tell you something else, Jess, about what's happened this weekend. This morning, after you fell asleep, I just couldn't sleep; I couldn't drop off at all."
"I kept having visions of you snogging Kofi, then you trying to suck him off! Talk about contrasts. You laying naked on the bed, Kofi naked between your legs, and you begging him to make you cum again!"
"Hells Bells Pete, you've got a dirty mind! But think on; I settled on you last night." She giggled. "And back in the hotel - well, that was out of this world - what you did - making me cum like that - oh boy!"
Squeezing my little hard cock till I very nearly cum in my pants, Jess said, "Better hurry; I've got use for this! and I'm horny again!"
Back home, Jess goes in while I park the car in the garage, then, entering directly into the kitchen, I find Jess pouring two glasses of white wine out of the box kept in the fridge and handing me a glass of the wine she asked for.
"What time will I be leaving tomorrow?"
When I told her mid-afternoon, Jess, looking fed up, said, "I wish you weren't going away again so soon. I don't want this weekend to end yet. I've enjoyed this time with you. Sometimes, you know, when you are home, we're too busy, too tired, or whatever to enjoy the US, me and you? But this weekend, just us."
I jumped in, saying, "Kofi too, don't forget!" I teased her with a smile!
Jess also smiled, carrying on, saying "I was going to say, just 'us' have had a real special time together, just wanted to thank you, Pete, just for being you! I love you with all my heart; whatever happens in the future, remember, I do love you."
Jess then quickly turned towards the stairs, saying "Don't be long, ok; I'll go and have my shower first."
I checked my emails for any amendments from the boss; nothing, so I closed the laptop, put it on charge, and went up to the bedroom. Jess sat drying her beautiful shoulder-length red hair, wrapped in a tan-colored bath towel, which, tied under the armpit, covered her wonderful big 34c tits, but then it spread open nearing the waist and fell away outside her hips, which in turn exposed the newly bald 'young girl' look below. I found the look so arousing that I had to kneel for a closer inspection. Jess smiled, stopping the hairdryer to ask "What are you doing now? What are you after down there? I'm trying to dry my hair for work tomorrow!"
"You carry on," I told her. "I'm just checking it's not worn out from this morning!"
Jess started laughing and opened her legs a bit wider.
"Go ahead, but I hope to be worn out before you leave tomorrow; it's got to last me a whole week!"
She turned the hair dryer back on.
I leaned in and first kissed the mound above, then around the tops of her thighs then down one leg to her knee, as I headed back up I gently lifted that leg by the foot, that leg bent so it rested on the footstool, Jess opened the other leg wider which in turn opened her outer lips slightly, I continue up the inner thigh until, smelling her arousal starting, I kissed the lips sneaking the tip of my tongue between them and getting my first taste of Jess tonight, the hairdryer was soon switched off and put down, moments later felt a hand gently on my head, holding me there as Jess became wetter, then a firmer push on my head so my nose rubbed the little stub of her clitoris, my tongue delving deeper into her wetness, I heard Jess saying Yes! But then suddenly she stopped, quickly moving one leg and putting her foot on the floor and hand on the dressing table to steady herself, saying "It's no good, losing my balance, so I can't relax like this; let's go to bed, or at least get on the bed."
So then, standing up, she moved to the bed, bending forward to fold over the top sheet. In doing that, I got the perfect view of her lovely bald cunt, and she started staring right back at me! I'm still on my knees, now behind her, so I said "Stay still. Don't, whatever you do, move an inch!"
Jess froze! I leaned in and licked up from clitoris to bum, tickling her star with the tip of my tongue. Jess burst into laughter and fell flat onto the bed. Still laughing, she rolled over onto her back!
I said, "Sorry, I thought you wanted me to do that. That's why you flashed it like that at me."
"You surprised me then; now come up here and kiss me first. Oh, get George out of the bottom drawer, will you, love? We're going to need it tonight!"
Still kneeling, left hand starting its upward travel, right hand moved to open the drawer and take 'Toy George' out ready for later, I started to kiss my way up the slightly spread legs, which in turn spread wider the higher I went, reaching her fragrant lips that had opened to reveal the growing wetness of her arousal, Jess bending her legs, heels now on the bed just inches from her bum, the knees now almost laid flat so allowing me full access to her smooth shaved honeypot, my tongue sliding just inside her lips, lapping the leaking nectar on my way up to join my hands already teasing her hard, erect nipples.
Jess has such beautiful big breasts for her size, 34c on a 5' 5" tall, lean-fit body, with 1/2" long sensitive nipples that just beg to be sucked. My tongue, having passed over the little nub at the top of the lips, continued licking its way much further up, reaching as far as her belly button before Jess stopped me by placing one hand on top of my head, a slight pressure suggesting I should head back south.
With a few light kisses over her now bald mons and then a little lower, I'm in the right area because Jess began a low moan, at the same time bum lifting slightly off the bed whilst guiding my nose to rub against the nub of her clitoris, my tongue going just around her lips, sometimes dipping deeper, then it's Jess moaning.
"Yes, yes, mmm, right there, yes, I'm coming."
pushing my head in closer, forcing me deeper, and closing her legs to trap me just there. I couldn't breathe, suffocating and drowning as Jess came, and then, almost as quick as that buildup started, it stopped! legs again parted, releasing my head from the vicelike grip, bum settling back down on the bed, tiny ripples as her breathing slowed, and then I heard "Fuck, I needed that!"
As Jess moved to straighten her legs out, one arm reaching down fingers through my hair to the back of my neck, Jess said "Come up here, kiss me; I need a cuddle!"
I make my way up, pausing only to kiss each nipple.
Then I'm beside her, saying "A pleasure, my lady; your wishes are my orders! Now, let's get this right: a kiss and a cuddle."
So we kissed, we cuddled, and we lay a while, her head on my chest, her fingers playing with my pubic hair, sometimes tugging it gently.
"Ouch!"
"Oops, sorry, I'll rub it better!"
Her hand began rubbing just there, making my dick hard again, but I had to quickly stop her by moving, pushing her off my chest, so I could just as quickly get over on top of her, between her legs, which Jess opened, and at the same time, finding my little hard on, I rubbed it once through her wet lips, and then as she let go of it, so did my little dick let go!
I didn't even get to slide it in; it fired two or three times over her outer lips, and as I started to move away to go down to finish what I'd started, things started happening that I also had no control over!
Jess opened her legs, bending my knees again so I could fuck her, but as I got between her legs, she guided my dick into place, then brought both her hands to cup my bum, intending to pull me in, trying to get my little dick just that tiny bit deeper, but as I combed with the first two spurts shooting outside her lips, I moved to lower my head to finish her off. Her hands pulled me in at the same moment my last spurt of cum landed very near her anus; my dick followed it to her star; the tip just entered her bum; a sharp intake from Jess; then she stopped pulling me in; she even paused breathing after I froze too!
Silence for just a moment, Jess gasped, and then I moved away and down, saying "Sorry, Jess, sorry, I didn't mean it."
Jess shushed me, telling me "It's ok, not your fault; I shouldn't have teased him so much; I should have known he'd cum as quick as that with me teasing you. Just carry on, Pete. Please, make love to me!" That's my wife all over, trying to reassure me that even after such a total failure on my part, it's all good. Just smooth over that disaster and carry on with what I've started!
Meanwhile, as Jess was saying all that, I'd gotten my head down and started cleaning up the mess around her baldness, then down to her lips, licking there before moving further down, making sure to clean up both my mess and her wetness that continued to run down. Jess pushed down her feet to raise her bum to my searching tongue, the tip of which entered just a little way, causing her to push against me even harder, but not for long. She sank back down, my mouth moved slowly up through her lips, and I found Jess rubbing her clitoral area hard against George!
I was more than a little surprised to find her using it on herself, trying to finish herself off, so I asked "Let me, Jess, please let me help; I'll do that to make you cum!" Taking George from her hand, I turned it on, making a slow-speed buzz sound as I ran the tip over her clit' nub, running it down to her star, then turning it around, easing it between her wet lips with a small upward movement, the tip touching her hard nub, then it slipped back in between her lips. I then made George fuck my wife, long deep strokes, little short ones, then a slightly longer stroke of about 5" of George that caused Jess to cover my hand, pushing it to force George deep, fucking herself with it, taking the full working length of 7". She worked herself up to full speed, her body humping up and her back arching, and started moaning.
"OMG, I'm Cumming. Cumming, I love you, Pete. I love you, shit, again; I'm Cumming again!"
Jess was hurting my wrist and thumb, so when she loosened her grip to change hands and alter the angle of George's fuck stroke, I freed my hand. Jess slowed the fucking motion but continued fucking herself, one hand on George and the other rubbing her clitoral. Propping myself up on one elbow allowed me to watch my beautiful, very sexy young wife masturbating with me watching her; she looked at me and smiled!
I started to get hard again, touching my little dick to full hardness, but then, stopped myself as I'd no intention of spoiling yet another fuck for Jess, so I touched her instead, first sliding a finger in below George feeling the vibration then trailed it lower to her star, my wetted finger toying with her bum, first just around the rim, making Jess twitch a couple of times, I moved my fingers to collect more of her cum running down, then back to the ring and pushing gently there, trying to enter and finger her properly, Jess twitched again pushing against my fingertip, then she started to cum yet again, she's moaning "Yes, yes cumming," her back arched, my finger just inside her bum as Jess orgasmed yet again, for the 4th time tonight!
And then, as she did so, she lowered her back, relaxing enough for my finger to enter her anal passage to the 2nd knuckle. As Jess slowly came down from whatever high she'd given herself, I slowly carefully fingered her anal ring, fucking it with a finger. Jess withdrew George, stretching up to put him under her pillow, then said to me "Enough, come up here, phew, I'm knackered now!" I moved up, discovering that I'd cum again, without knowing I had, without even touching him!
We cuddled up; soon she was asleep, and after visiting the bathroom, I too fell asleep!
In the morning, Jess woke me with a kiss, a cup of tea, and a promise to ring me at lunchtime, and then she was gone!
I got up for the bathroom and saw that Jess had showered, dressed, and gone to school after making my cup of tea. I also showered, shaved, and packed my stuff ready for work. made a coffee, then powered up the laptop to check my emails, done, but with more than 3 hours before lunch, I decided to look up the Dark Wonderer site again, plus a couple of others, and also began a search online looking to see if there's any places where I could take Jess to in the North West, or even the West Midlands, places where we are not known, where I'm able to watch Jess as she dances with, drinks with, somehow interacts with, possibly African Black Men.
I don't know where this is all going, but I do know I enjoy watching as Jess flaunts her incredible body for other men to lust after. She seems to enjoy it too; she has quite an exhibitionist streak. Her preference is most likely for big black men.
After my absolute failure last night, the only regret this weekend is that Jess didn't get everything she deserves. Bigger and better!
To be continued