Rachel had asked to come over and maybe work on some of her "special requests". She knocked on the door, and I let her in. She had a short dress on, and was carrying a bag.
"Hello sailor," she said, walking past me.
She went into the living room and sat down, putting her bag at her feet.
"OK," I said, "so what do you need?"
"Well," she said, pulling out a couple of pairs of panties, "how about a baby oil massage?"
"Really?"
"Really," she said. "Over the panties. He wants a picture, too."
"You know that'll make them pretty much see through?"
"Yes," she said, "if they're white, but I was going to use these blue ones."
She stood up and unzipped her dress, letting it fall to her hips. She wasn't wearing a bra, and stood there, topless, for a few seconds as she was pushing the dress down further. She was wearing dark blue panties.
I went and got a towel, putting it on the floor, and waved her over. She stepped out of her shoes and onto the towel. She'd got a bottle of oil from her bag, and passed it to me.
I poured some into my hand, put the bottle down and rubbed my hands together. I started at her ankles, and worked my way up her legs, occasionally stopping to get more oil. I rubbed some oil in to her panties on the way past, and kept going. I went all the way up to her shoulders, spending a fair amount of time on her tits, then worked my way down each arm. I went back to her panties, and rubbed in enough oil to soak them through. I kept stroking her, through her panties, until she put her hands on my shoulders and came.
When she'd calmed down, she gave me her phone and asked me to take a picture of her, and I did. She took her phone back and said she'd have to crop the image, but it'd do, then took her panties off and put them in a ziplock bag and put them in her bag. I noticed that she'd shaved off her little landing strip.
"Can we do some white panties, too, to see what they look like?" she asked.
I nodded, and she put on a white pair. I poured more oil into my hands, and massaged her over her panties. Sure enough, they went pretty much see through. She got her phone again, and I took several pictures of her - standing, then with her legs further and further apart. I was pretty sure she wasn't going to use most of them, but they were nice to have. She bagged these panties too.
Having put the phone down, I went to grab her and start rubbing on her again, but she pulled away.
"I'm going to have a quick shower," she said, heading in to the bathroom.
I went and left a towel in the bathroom for her, then went back into the living room and sat down to look at the pictures I'd taken and wait.
She came out with the towel wrapped around her.
"What did you have in mind next?" I asked.
"Well, I have a request for an al fresco blow job, with some video. Interested?"
"Sure," I said. "Are you sure you want to do porn videos though?"
"I already did."
"Yes," I said, "but that was just your back."
"I'm fine with it if you're fine with it. I'll edit it down so there's very little of me in it. Your dick'll be in it too."
I shrugged, and she collected her dress, dropped the towel and pulled it on. I picked up the towel and went and hung it up in the bathroom. When I came back, she'd put a new pair of panties on, and was putting on her shoes. I pulled on my own shoes, and stood up.
Rachel put her black bob wig on, and we headed out to the park that's not far from my place. She took my hand, and we stepped off the path, and headed into the undergrowth. She put her sunglasses on. I pointed the phone at her, and started recording.
"Remember, I don't want to show my face," she said as she knelt down in front of me, and reached out and pulled me closer to her. She undid my buttons, and pulled my jeans and underwear down a little, then reached in and pulled my dick out. She wiped it over her face, looking down and away from the camera.
She stuck her tongue out, and licked all over the head. She slid her hand up and down the shaft, then followed that with her mouth. After a minute or two of this, she sucked the head into her mouth, and started going down on me.
After a few minutes, she let go of my dick and took her dress off over her head. She handed it up to me, and I hung it from a nearby tree branch. She went back to sucking me off, pushing far enough onto my dick that she was gagging on it every few strokes.
Eventually I was ready to cum, and she took my dick out of her mouth, and jacked it until I came over her tits.
"Whoa."
We both jumped, and turned. There was a couple there, watching us.
"We were just looking for somewhere to make out," the guy said.
Rachel's hands went to cover her tits, which were still covered in my cum.
"I think it's a little late for that," I said to her, as I put my dick away and buttoned my jeans. My phone was still recording, and I put it in my shirt pocket, with the camera pointing out. Maybe it would catch something interesting.
"Give me my dress," she said, standing up again.
"Are you sure you want to put it on, while you're, uh..." I gestured at her cum covered chest, "like that?"
"I guess not," she said, standing there with her hands over her tits.
"Go on then," she said to the couple, grinning, "make out."
"Uh, OK," said the guy, and he kissed the girl.
"You'll have to do better than that," said Rachel. By now she was rubbing my cum in to her chest, I guess to dry it.
The girl pulled herself tight against the guy, and put her arms around him. They continued kissing. The guy put his hands under her dress, feeling her butt. She was grinding herself against him, and he started to put his hands inside her panties.
"Not here," she said, "in front of strangers."
"Oh come on," said Rachel, "I'm almost naked here!"
The guy tried again, and this time the girl let him. She'd moved her arms under his shirt and looked to be scratching her nails down his back.
It looked like Rachel had managed to dry the cum on her chest, as she wiped her hands on her legs before squatting down by her bag. She took out another pair of panties, and turned sideways to the couple who were making out and pulled her panties down.
"What the fuck are you doing?" the girl asked.
"Changing," replied Rachel. By now she'd stepped out of her old panties and into the new ones, and was pulling them up by the time the guy turned around. Still, I'm pretty sure he got to see her pussy. She put the old panties in a ziplock bag, and we went back to watching the couple make out.
"Can I give you some tips?" Rachel asked the guy as she put her dress back on.
He let go of the girl and turned towards us.
Rachel stepped up to the girl, motioning him to step back a little, and said "don't hold her so tight, you'll bruise her, and it's not cool."
She was standing in front of the girl at this point, and gently put her arms around her. She pulled herself in to the girl, and stroked her back. The girl closed her eyes, and Rachel leaned in and kissed her.
The girl's eyes flew open, and she looked surprised, but returned the kiss. Rachel opened her mouth slightly, teasing her, and they ended up kissing each other deeply, tongues entwined.
Rachel slid her hands over the girl's butt. Her left hand went around to her hips, before going up her side and cupping her breast. The girl moaned a little as Rachel gently stroked her breast through her bra.
We watched them kissing, as Rachel's right hand stroked up her back and undid her bra, before stroking back down to her butt. Freed, she now moved her bra over her breast, and we could see the girl's nipple getting stiffer as Rachel stroked it.
The girl was, by now, grinding herself up against Rachel. We could see she was really into this, and I wasn't surprised to see Rachel kneel down in front of her and put her hands up under the girl's dress. She slid her hands up and down the backs of her thighs and knees, until one time her hands came down with the girl's panties. She helped the girl step out of them, throwing them towards her bag.
Rachel's hands went back under the girl's dress, and stayed up higher. I could see the hand nearest to us on her hip, and working around towards her pussy. The girl's breathing was coming faster as she was getting more turned on.
After a minute or so of stroking her, Rachel put her head under the girl's dress. The girl grabbed the back of Rachel's head and pulled her in to her pussy.
Shortly after that, the girl started a funny, high-pitched whining, and then she came, shaking and gripping her fingers into Rachel's head through her dress.
When she let go, Rachel resurfaced, wiping her face, and straightening her wig, but I don't think they noticed.
The girl was smoothing the front of her dress down, and sheepishly said "I've never cum like that before."
We all grinned at each other, and then the guy said "what about me?"
He was looking at the girl, but she looked down, and said "I'm not going to do that. I'll give you a hand job if you want."
He did seem to want, as he started undoing his pants. The girl went over to him, knelt down and dug his already hard dick out. She stroked it, back and forth, back and forth.
"You should get it wet," said Rachel, and the girl looked up at her. She didn't seem to understand.
Rachel mimed licking her hand, to suggest the girl licked hers, but she shook her head. She let go of the guy's dick and backed up.
"You do it," she said.
Rachel looked at her. Then at the guy. And then she knelt down in front of him, and licked her hand, then started stroking his dick. With her other hand, she pulled his pants down slightly, so she could stroke his balls too.
There was pre-cum leaking out, and she let go of his balls and rubbed it into the head of his dick with her thumb. She looked over at the girl, who was watching, fascinated. Rachel leaned forward and licked the bottom of the head of the guy's dick, and he almost immediately started cumming, all over her face and neck.
It was dripping down her face onto her dress, and she just looked down, watching it. I really hoped my phone was catching all this.
Rachel backed away, and stood up as the guy pulled his pants up and redid them. The girl went and hugged him.
Rachel came and picked her bag up, and the girl's panties.
"Oh, thank you," said the girl, obviously thinking Rachel was going to pass them to her.
"I'll keep these," said Rachel with a grin.
"I'll have to walk home without them!" she said, looking shocked.
"Look at how I'm having to walk home," said Rachel, gesturing at her dress.
We all started walking back towards the path. They were in front of us. The guy had his hand of the girl's naked butt, and she brushed it away as we got to the path, letting her dress fall back and cover her.
They waved as they headed off in the opposite direction to us. As we walked, Rachel pulled out a ziplock bag from her bag, and put the girl's panties in it.