*** There are no underage (under 18 years old) sexual relationship in my story! ***
A cool breeze is in the air as I ride into her parking lot, fall is in the air. I park and lock up gear and walk to her doorway. Wondering if she ready as I'm 30 Min's early due to the fast bike ride.
She opens the door and I stare at her in black leather mini skirt and a skimpy black leather halter that shows her sexy tattoo! I'm floored she is hot all dressed as a biker chick in tight leather and ready to jump on and go for a ride!
I kiss her sweet lips and say "DAMN!" as I move in house then to kitchen as the great smells are coming from there, she stuffs a piece of food into my mouth. "Oh my this is great!"
Linda is a very special person to me we have been friends for over twenty years now. She is 5 ft 7 in and 140 lbs she has long dark hair, a hourglass figure with wide hips that sway when she walks. She has full tits but not overly large, the right one is covered by a big flowering tattoo that she likes to show. She is a exhibitionist and likes to show off her charms.
She cooks like a pro and makes stuff to give away, all her neighbors love her. We eat till we're full then smoke and make plan to go out for a ride to do some dancing later this evening.
While she picks up the plates I Grab her by the hips move behind and pull up to her and whisper in her ear "You look very sexy in that skirt, mind if I take a closer look?" As I drop to my knees to inspect and raise it up over her cute ass to expose she has no panties, I ask "You riding the bike like that?"
She tilts her head and answers "Maybe," with a smile on her face.
I nibble and lick on her exposed cheeks and follow her to table in dining room she bends over at the waist and pushes her ass toward my face. I split her cheeks and rub my lips over hers to see how wet she is. I slide my tongue into her moist folds of flesh, spreading her sweet lips with my mouth and pushing into her with my face.
We rocked back and forth slowly at first then picking up very slowly to a steady pace I could feel her get wetter I pushed in harder every third thrust till I was deep in the wet folds tasting her juice.
I licked and stirred her juices with my mouth and tongue. I pulled her clit up with my lips and sucked on her as I flicked the tip of my tongue over it faster and faster till her legs started to tremble.
Then I started to hum and she was twisting those magical hips back and forth rubbing that sweet pussy all over my face. I can taste and smell her juice in my mouth and in my beard, it smells of her sweet pussy juice.
I then hear the moan, a soft moan then it speeds up some when I lick faster then it gets louder she is about ready. "Faster" she breathes. I watch her chest rise and fall that tattoo moving as she spasms then she tightens up and squeezes my tongue then floods my face with juice. It's so warm and taste so different than the other juice they can't be mistaken she has creamed on my face.
I slow my movements and move away, she is laying on dining table breathing steady full breaths, juice from her is all over her and I both. We are so wet I get a towel to clean up with. We wash and dry quickly with her super duper hair dryer. That thing blows!
I leave a bit of the smell in my beard for later as I luv the smell of her. We make drinks and smoke another one then dress to hit the road. We decide to go topless as its Florida and put helmets in her car.
She climbs up on to bike behind me, I see she hasn't any panties still as she gets on. We roar off into the night. We take a lap around town to see and be seen. We cruise for 20 min then over to the meet and greet.
We pay, go in and up the stairs to meet some old friends and maybe meet some new. We drink, smoke and dance as the band plays with each round we have more and more fun.
Then they start dirty dancing we are both rubbing on each other and our group is hooting and hollering as we grind our bodies together for three songs.
When we stopped, all from our group clapped and we hugged as I flip up the back of her skirt and spun her around showing her cute butt to all watching.
We leave the dance floor for the bar the bartender meets us with our drinks and chats a bit. We hang out with the group a while and then decide to bow out of there for a ride.
We ride for 25 min and hear some good music from a local bar we pull into lot and park next to some other bikes. We make our way to door and find Lurch a friend who works there. "Can't let u in" he says. "Fire ordnance but what do u want?" We order, lurch brings drinks back says "No charge." So we walk back to bike and sit there to hear the music.
I stare at her and feel my cock stir I reach over and adjust it. "Need any help?" she ask, she is on the other side of bike leaning over the seat facing me with her butt stuck out behind her.
I step to her and pull my cock out and she sucks it into her eager mouth. I stand there watching her stretch out over the bike sucking on me as I pump in and out of her mouth.
I hear a noise I look up, its Lurch, she ask"OK?"
I say "nothing."
She closes her eyes and keep sucking my hard cock. Lurch had the trash in his hand as he walks past us to the dumpster. When he throws it the noise startles Linda. I put my hand on her head and say "its OK" as I push back into her wet open mouth. Lurch is watching as I fuck her mouth. We make eye contact and he watches as I pump in and out of her sexy mouth .
Shouts from the bar startle all and lurch heads back to work. I pull her around the bike and lean her over it. I stand behind her pulling up her short skirt I rub my palm over her cheeks spreading them to see her pussy.
I twist a finger in to her as I hold her bent over the bike with her skirt up over her ass my finger in her pulling it open to get it wetter.
I spit on my finger and start teasing her clit as I spank her cute butt. I'm so hard I'm rubbing on her leg. She takes it into her hand to stroke.
I feel her moisten, and I slowly finger her tight pussy hole teasing it by pushing past the lips and filling the hot hole with my finger I wiggle my finger in the wet tight hole till we see people coming our way.
I lean over and ask her "want me to stop?"
"Fuck no" was her reply I stand there with two fingers fucking the pussy as they walk by. They look and I see her look at them, three young college age guys watching as her tight pussy gets spread open from behind.
I felt how wet it got when they watched her it turned her on as well as me. She likes to be seen getting fucked it gives her a rush, as they leave she pants "FUCK ME."
I am still hard as I move up to her and rub my cock up and down her wet slit in a smooth motion I sink my throbbing cock into her well fingered pussy in one steady motion. I grab those sexy hips and twist and rotate them as I pull her back on to my cock and push into her at the same time.
I hold on to them hips to feel her move to me. I keep thrusting as the bar starts to empty, its closing time and I'm in the parking lot fucking on a motorcycle. I ask her "stop?"
"NO" she cries "fucking pound it till you cum. Fuck me hard and fill me up" is her answer.
I squeeze hips as I drive and pound on her pussy she moans and moaned. People are talking and cars are starting and leaving. So we now have lights as we fuck in the parking lot with 30 people watching.
I grab her hair pull her head up and tell her "look." She looks around and I feel her pussy get hot then flood, it was creaming on my hard cock! I couldn't take it any longer I exploded up into her creamy pussy jerking and squirting.
I pumped all I could into her sticky hole. As soon as we came we heard clapping and shouting and had almost 40 people staring at us as I pulled my cock out of her.
We quickly jumped on the bike and left, we headed to her house. When we arrived we rolled into the bed and laughed at what we did as we know a lot of people there.
I'm sure we will hear of this for years. We played it over again in her room alone just the two of us! I held her hips one more time as we reenacted it, till we both came again and fell into a sticky pile in her bed. The last thing I remember is kissing her on the forehead before falling fast asleep.