"So? A pool? Here?" I ask.
"What do you think?"
"Sit here." I direct.
"Why?" Bonnie asks.
"Just a little idea about scope and scale for a pool. We have to consider the direction of the sun, location of trees. Stuff like that." I reply.
"How long do these things take?"
"Well, about 2 weeks if we use the insert. I'm not sure we can afford to have a concrete pool poured. The hole for the insert is dug, a crane places it in, and then the finish out takes as long as necessary."
"Can I still get my permanent loungers in a beach entry?" Bonnie asks.
"Why?"
"So I can do this."
Still sitting on the grass, Bonnie wiggles her body out of her shorts and lifts her shirt over her head. Making short work of her bra and panties, Bonnie is quickly sunning in the nude.
"I see you've given this some thought." I reply, looking around somewhat nervously.
"What's wrong? Never seen your wife naked?"
"Ha! It's not me I'm worried about." I start scanning the boundaries of our backyard.
"Trust me, there's no one around. And if there was, so be it. I'm ready to enjoy this backyard the right way."
"Explain your intentions."
"Not sure how to quantify it, but we've worked so hard to have all this, and we should enjoy it as we see fit. Kinda one thing led to another as I surveyed our backyard. Why should I not be able to enjoy our hard work, and what does it matter what anyone says?"
"So that explains your current state. What happens next?"
"You fuck me of course. Isn't that what you want?
"Always."
"Well here I am."
"Put on your bra and panties." I direct.
"Of course."
Bonnie shimmies back into her panties and covers her tits.
"Come here."
"Let's see if I understood you correctly...I can just undress you out here, even if the neighbors can see?" I ask as I pull a bra strap off a shoulder.
"Yes."
"You want other people to see your hard nipples?" Off comes the other strap and a breast is easily uncovered.
"Yes, very much so."
"And you'll just stand here while I undress you?" Off comes the bra, and I reach for Bonnie's hips.
"Yes. I'll beg you to strip me if you want." Bonnie's voice is as deep as I've ever heard.
Leaning her back against my chest, Bonnie's eyes are closed. Her body puts up no resistance as my fingers slip under her panties.
"Do you want to just be naked, or also fingered while others may be watching?" I cover her pussy with my right hand while my left separate the material from her skin.
"I'm yours.... all yours. Just tell me what to do." Bonnie's breathing is deep and heavy.
As the panties head back down her legs, Bonnie opens for my fingers.
"I think you'll get the hang of this pretty quickly. Take me inside. I need to ride you." Bonnie tells me.
Scooping her up into my arms, I carry Bonnie inside. We stop at the couch. I'm barely able to take off my shorts and sit down before she is on top of me.
"I can't wait to ride you in our new pool." Bonnie reaches multiple orgasms almost immediately.
Over the course of the following week, my thoughts are filled with a naked Bonnie and a new pool. I have to make it happen, and I have to take advantage of my newly uninhibited wife.
"I know that look."
"What? Don't you trust me?" I ask.
"After last weekend, I'm not sure what to expect. But, the answer is always 'yes'. That said, you may have to work for it today." Her look is tempting.
After a few weeks of almost daily rain, we finally caught a break last weekend and were able to work outside in the backyard. The early Spring temps weren't overbearing, but the humidity brought the heat index to above 90. After about an hour, we were both sweating. I was quickly out of my work shirt, and being commando, as always, allowed me to feel good in just my shorts.
Bonnie, my wife of many years, wasn't so lucky. I had gone inside to fetch our hats when the sun came out full bore on us. Back outside, I could see something was different.
"I hope you don't mind, but I had to get out of my bra."
That's what was different. Standing, Bonnie's nipples poked the inside of the tank top just enough. I knew I needed to play it cool or she would hide all her goods, especially the sideboobs.
"Amazing. Like I'll mind."
Both of us scanned the boundaries of the yard, and determined she was safe from prying eyes. We returned to work, and I got to thinking about getting that tank top off her. I found my opportunity when we got back to the garden area to remove weeds and harvest some peppers and blueberries.
We haven't lived here very long. We found a great deal on this house and the potential for the backyard was pretty good. The neighbors have been pleasant enough, but everyone keeps to themselves. Our immediate neighbors aren't too close, so our house is perfectly private.
Running inside, I got a bowl for our veggies and some sunscreen. Kneeling beside Bonnie, I put the bowl in between us and got some of the lotion onto my hands.
"Here you go." I said as I rubbed her shoulders and arms.
"Thanks."
"Soooo? Next month happens to have National Nude Day. Interested in going naked all day?" I probe gently.
"What? How do you know this? Wait, I know. You know more useless stuff than most people will ever care about?"
"True. I heard about it a few years ago, and have kinda wondered if we could pull it off."
"Well, I can certainly see going naked out here. I'm sure you realized that part already.
"That's what I was thinking. It could be just a fun and silly day.
"You'll go naked, too? Oh, wait....stupid question."
"Of course I'll join you. Wanna practice?"
"Surprised I am not by that question. What do you have in mind?"
"Well, let me move your tank top around. You can trust me." I answer preemptively seeing her skeptical look.
"Okay." The answer comes as Bonnie stands up in front of me.
Despite my surprise, I move quickly to pull the tank straps off her shoulders, careful to keep the shirt over her tits. Then, I roll the shirt up to create a tube top type of effect. Grabbing more sunscreen, I rub a fresh layer on the top of Bonnie's cleavage and around her waist. The tank is somewhat looser than I anticipated, so I turn Bonnie around and tie a knot into the material to tighten it around her tits.
"How's that?" I ask after I inspect my work.
"Actually, not bad. I can't wear it out in the front yard, but this is good coverage for back here."
"Would a thong work back here?" I ask hopefully.
"For sure. Here you go."
With that, Bonnie takes off her shorts, revealing a thong. I have quite the visual feast. I thought I just wanted to see nipples, but now the amount of skin is simply breathtaking. As we resume our gardening, I'm treated to extended views of her ass and I'm hopeful this will go farther and farther over the next 30 days or so.
My spirits are buoyed by how we end our afternoon. Hose in hand, I water where needed to help our plants in the heat. Bonnie joins me for a moment, then heads inside. At least that's what I thought.
"Hey, here's your chance." Bonnie tells me.
I turn to find her, back up against the wall by the hose bib.
"I'm all yours as long as the water is on." She tells me, and I see her hand on the faucet.
I move quickly and begin spraying her with the water. Bonnie slowly turns down the water so I have to continue moving to her to keep the water on her. Just as the water is as low as possible, Bonnie turns it back up and then pulls her tank top completely off.
Standing there, I'm in awe of my wife's amazing body. I move in and begin kissing Bonnie while moving the hose down to the front of her thong. Bonnie grabs the hose, so now I'm able to grab her tits and begin kissing her.
"I just needed to cool off my pussy. Working out here like this has me completely turned on."
As I continue to fondle and kiss, Bonnie works the water over her soft skin and I can feel her muscles respond to the wet stimulation. Reaching down with both hands, I work the thong off her thighs and spread her legs to allow the full pressure of the water to hit her pussy just right.
With the fingers of my right hand, I'm able to spread her wide open and I can feel the water hit my fingers and her lips.
"Stand back. I need you to watch."
Following her request, I step back. Bonnie lowers her body against the wall of the house, legs still spread. Looking me in the eyes, she keeps the water pointing in between her legs. Imagine the hottest woman you've ever seen spraying water into their pussy, completely naked, in your backyard.
Seizing the opportunity, I quickly run over to the nearby patio set and remove a lounger cushion. Placing it in the grass under the full sun, I watch as Bonnie cums over and over. I move to her side and turn off the water.
"Go lay down and dry off in the sun." I tell Bonnie as she stands.
"Okay. Damn, that felt good."
"It looked amazing. Now do you see the possibilities for National Nude Day?"
"Right now, I can't see much. I need to recover." Bonnie says. She is quite the sight there on the ground as the sun dries her off.
I don't care if she is recovered; I wait long enough for Bonnie to dry off then carry her inside for a prolonged session of lovemaking.
A few days later, I'm greeted at home by Bonnie, yet again in a thong and the improvised tube top. I barely have my lunchbox on the kitchen counter before she is all over me.
"So, how you feel about other people seeing me dressed like this?"
"I'm good as long as you're comfortable."
"Good, because something just happened."
"Oh?"
"I was going to surprise you outside like this, but I panicked when I heard the backdoor lock behind me when I went outside. Okay, so it wasn't so much panicking as it was I saw an opportunity to try something even newer."
"Oh?" My curiosity is piqued.
"I walked around front to the garage door and used the keypad to get into the house. I walked as slowly as I could. I didn't look around. I did fumble at the keypad a few times, due to being somewhat nervous I guess. But I got in and then looked out the front windows to see if anyone saw me."
"Was anyone lucky enough?" I ask.
"Maybe that guy a few doors down across the street. I'm not sure. Anyway, you drove up, and here I am, heart still beating like crazy, and I'm sure I'm wet as hell."
"Let's find out."
Picking Bonnie up, I place her on the counter, spread her legs, and then dive into her with my tongue. Wet or not, she is the deliciousness I needed after a day at work.
"Yup. The blood and juices are definitely flowing into all of your delicious parts. Let me know when you're ready to turn up the heat a little more."
"What would you do with me right now?"
"I'd take your top off, open the garage door and have you go out to my car to look for something in the trunk."
"Do it."
I don't need to be told twice. After pulling her top off, I head into the garage. Opening the door, I walk out to the mailbox at the curb. After looking into it, I look up and see my topless wife walk to the back of my car. Standing with her back to the street, Bonnie opens the trunk and bends over to look inside. With only a thong on, time freezes. I'm at the mailbox, speechless.
After quickly looking around and seeing nobody, I walk back to Bonnie as she continues looking around the trunk.
"You're amazing." I tell her, not wanting to block anyone's view so I stand to Bonnie's right side.
"Is anyone watching?"
"I don't see anyone, but maybe someone is inside that we can't see."
"Cool."
"Why don't you walk around to the backyard, and I'll follow you."
"Okay." Bonnie doesn't even hesitate and walks to her left and toward the sidewalk leading through the side yard to the back.
I look around again, close the garage door, and follow Bonnie. At the gate, she turns and smiles at me.
"You look amazing." I tell her.
"Please be a dear and open the gate. It's awfully complicated."
Bonnie moves out of my way so I can get the handle pushed down to unlatch the gate. Stepping through, I stop and turn to let Bonnie in.
"You are my knight in shining armor. Thank you for coming to my aid. Here is a small payment."
With that, Bonnie pulls her thong off and stands just outside the gate.
"Come claim your payment." She beckons me with the thong.
I slowly take two steps, remove the thong from her fingers, and then allow her to pass.
"What have you done with my wife?" I ask as I watch Bonnie walk into the yard.
"I may be your wife, but I can also be an exhibitionist and a slut, and whatever you need me to be."
"Cool. Right now I need you to be a potential customer for a swimming pool company."
"Really!" Bonnie almost squeals.
"Yup. Where do you want it?"
We've been talking about getting a pool for some time, and a naked wife with no apparent inhibitions could be an easy sell. As we walk around the yard, Bonnie is so lost in her desires for a pool that her nudity is all but forgotten. We spend several minutes pacing out the perfect location for the pool, its waterfall, and beachside entry.
Finding ourselves at the patio set, we sit down, facing each other on the dual loungers. Bonnie spreads her legs and begins rubbing herself.
"I almost completely forgot I was naked. I may never wear a suit once we get the pool put in. You weren't kidding about the blood flowing. I can feel and see it."
Busted, my hardon has tented my pants, and boy does it feel good. I strip down to my boxers and we take another quick walk around the yard.
"So things are looking pretty good for National Nude Day?"
"I'm not so sure. This was pretty crazy. Let's slow down but still continue pushing my boundaries. Now take me inside and fuck me silly."
The fucking was the easy part. Bonnie was so worked up from being outside. I was even more worked up after watching her walk naked around the house.
That proved to be a preview of the coming months leading up to National Nude Day. Bonnie greeted me at home everyday in something new and revealing. Our garden got more than enough attention, and the pool plans came along quickly.
The biggest step came one Friday afternoon. Bonnie greeted me in her birthday suit.
"Hey there." I was very pleased to find her naked.
"Hey. I got some presents for you today." Bonnie handed me a box.
"Oh?"
"Take a peek. Choose one for me to try on."
In the box were several swimsuits. I picked one, just a a string by the looks of it, and handed it to Bonnie who went to get changed.
"How do you like it?" Bonnie walked up behind me.
Turning around, I had to stop my jaw from hitting the floor. Her suit was a slingshot, barely covering her nipples and pussy.
"Ummmm, wow."
"Good choice. You go work on the the front flowerbed while the sun's still up."
"Gladly."
Overlooking our front flowerbed is a small patio area. It's large enough for some individual planter boxes and a couple of chairs. In the right weather, it's the perfect place to end a long day with a drink. The patio is enclosed by a 3 foot high railing, so this is a great place for seasonal decorations. Every night, the sun sets on our front yard and the branches of the trees out front filter the hot sun.
As I worked out the pesky weeds from between the flowers, Bonnie came out with a couple of drinks. Leaning over the railing to hand me a drink, both of her tits came loose from the half inch wide material covering them. As I drink in both the cold drink and the sight of Bonnie's tits, I can feel the late sun upon us.
"Pretty hot out here." I tell Bonnie as I take off my shirt.
"Indeed. Let's get it even warmer." Bonnie replies, straightening up from her position over the railing.
With her tits framed by the tightness of the slingshot, Bonnie brings one of the chairs up, and sits down. Placing her feet up on the railing, she slowly spreads her legs so I can not only her tits, but the material covering her pussy begins to squeeze into her soft folds.
Frozen in time, I stare for what seems an eternity as Bonnie looks me in the eye and begins squeezing her nipples with her right hand while her left moves down to her cunt. Running her fingers over what little material is covering her, Bonnie lifts the suit with her index finger and then plunge her middle finger into herself.
"Anyone behind me?" I ask as I pretend to keep working on the flowers.
"Not sure....Don't care. Let me show you how much I don't care."
In one smooth motion, the straps of the suit come off her shoulders, the effect being the loosening of all the material and Bonnie's pussy comes into full view. She pulls the suit farther into her pussy and begins using it like a silk saddle. Up and down the suit moves as Bonnie fondles both her tits.
"Go for it all." I direct Bonnie as I stand in front of her to block anyone from watching.
With the sun shining over my shoulders onto her body, Bonnie makes what looks what is going to be quick work. As I stand before her, I pull the stringy suit completely off her. Bonnie responds by lifting her hips to free the suit from under her ass.
Now completely naked, Bonnie does indeed make quick work of her pussy and even gushes a little extra liquid as she cums.
"I can't wait to drink you up some time tonight. That looks delicious."
"Whenever you're ready big guy." Bonnie responds as she stands.
Taking the suit from my hand, Bonnie slings it over her shoulder and walks into the house. I turn to find absolutely no one but myself enjoying the show. I work a few minutes in the garden then turn on the sprinklers to wet everything down in the late evening sun.
"Bring that bag out back." I hear Bonnie tell me as I watch her nude body head out to the back yard.
Not one to hesitate, I grab the bag of suits and dutifully follow her outside. I find Bonnie sitting in a chair in the patio set.
"Let's see what else I found today for you." She smiles.
I'm not sure what Bonnie bought would qualify as swimsuits in any sense. Like the slingshot, her parts are barely covered. Not that she was covered out front, but one of the suits was completely crotchless, basically just a triangle of strings surrounding her pussy. The top likewise wrapped around her breasts, leaving them hanging out.
"We're gonna need more sunscreen." I say as I savor the exposed looks chosen for me.
"I've been shopping for what I'll wear around the pool, not to mention what I'll wear out here while it's being built."
"Oh?" I quickly one and one together.
"Let's just say I have a plan to meet some neighbors."
"In these suits?"
"Yep, or less."
"I have an observation to make, and a question. You've evolved into an uninhibited hottie. I love it. I feel like you've given me a lot of control over you out here. I really love that part. And the sex. Oh... the sex." I become lost in my thoughts.
"And your question is?" Bonnie asks.
"What's next? What's the big picture?" I ask after regaining some focus.
"I can't say for sure, but my ultimate fantasy is to have as many neighbors over here as possible for a party. And at some point..." Bonnie trails off.
"What?"
"I'll make a grand entrance into the backyard...completely naked. It will be that make or break moment. Either everyone joins in, or they leave."
"Well, if you have a minute, I have a few ideas to make this happen."
"I'm all yours, even my ears."
Our plans are put on hold for July 14th. The pool company suppliers were hit by bad weather in the Midwest, and getting pool inserts from other parts of the country proved cost prohibitive. So, we scramble our plans a bit, still focused on the reveal.
I get a preview of Bonnie's idea one early July afternoon. Coming home, I see a small inflatable pool in the backyard, and Bonnie in it, facing away from the house and into the sun. No doubt she is naked. I decide to join her.
Stripping down, I make my way quietly outdoors to surprise Bonnie because I'm sure that's what she wants. It's a pretty good sized pool, but I'm able to run to Bonnie's right side and jump without her hearing me. Letting the water envelope my body, I go right under. The cooling effect certainly feels good in this afternoon heat.
I'm able to turn and sit up in the pool to face Bonnie.
"Surpri...!" I'm not able to finish.
"Bonnie said you might do this. Hey Bonnie, you win the bet." Comes the word from someone I've never seen before.
"I told you Annette." I hear Bonnie say from the back door.
"Hi. I'm Annette." She says, extending her right hand to me.
"Ummm...Hi?" I reply.
Taking my hand, Annette pulls ever so slightly so I oblige so she can stand. And stand she does, completely naked.
"Well, at least I'm not alone." I say as I admire Annette's curves.
"And now you can see how we can still party on July 14th." Bonnie, similarly naked, says as she walks toward us.
"I'll leave you two to it. I need to get home and fuck a certain someone silly." Annette says as she steps out of the pool.
As Bonnie steps into the pool with me, I can see Annette toweling off.
"So? A neighbor?" I ask.
"Yep. And she knows everyone on this block, so our party should be a good one."
"A pool party? With this pool?"
"Oh no silly. Just you wait." Bonnie tells me.
"You'll find your clothes where you left them." Bonnie tells Annette as we watch her walk inside the house.
"Thanks. See you guys later." Annette responds as she peeks out the back door, holding her clothes in her hand for us to see.
"That was interesting. How did you meet her?" I look at Bonnie.
"Let's just say I put on a very small workout outfit, did some yard work and walked a few blocks."
"And all that got you a...woman?"
"Yeah. Not bad, huh? She's pretty hot."
"What?"
"Silly boy, get your head out of the gutter. She was also walking, and we struck up a conversation. Annette and her husband also want a pool, but their plan is for next summer."
"And exactly how did she end up naked in here?"
"She had just bought this at a sporting goods store, and we got to talking about our July 14th plans. Annette loved my ideas, and offered to bring it over just for fun. One thing led to another, and we were both naked before we even had water in the pool."
"And her husband will be okay with this?"
"Let's just say none of the husbands will object to what we have planned."
"Husbands?"
"How's your golf game?" She asks.
"A bit rusty I'd guess, but nothing a little practice can't fix."
"Good, because it's a big part of our plan for the 14th."
"Our?" I ask.
"Yes. Here's what's up." Bonnie fills me in on the plan.
"Time to get the putting green out."
"That can wait. Come here." Bonnie beckons.
Climbing out of the pool, I walk to her quickly hardening in anticipation. Bonnie jumps up onto my body, and guides my cock into her pussy. She's easily carried back into the pool, and we settle in.
"You know what I like about this little pool?" Bonnie asks.
"What?"
"Let me show you." And with that, Bonnie gets off me, turns around, and bends over with her ass in my face. Grabbing my cock with her left hand, she bends her knees, ass still fully in my face, but there's enough room for me to slide down. Now with her mouth licking at my head, I spread her ass wide open so I can consume her wet pussy.
Bonnie doesn't last long, and I lick her as dry as possible. After several more orgasms, Bonnie gets on her knees just outside the pool. Stroking me ever so slowly, she leans onto the side of the pool allowing water to spill out. As my body emerges from the water, she commences sucking me.
With almost no water left, Bonnie spreads out her legs and stops sucking. Moving her head to my thighs, she looks me in the eyes as she strokes me more and more quickly. I'm no match for her hand, and I can feel the explosion building within me. As I relax my body, Bonnie moves her head back a few inches and opens her mouth.
Mouth fully open, Bonnie points my cock at her face. Keeping my eyes on hers, I watch a few streams of cum hit her square in the mouth. Another thread hits the side of her face, but she doesn't stop stroking and I empty my balls.
In the mostly empty pool, we relax a moment then get up to head inside. Bonnie gets up first and makes sure I see her wipe the cum off her cheek and put it inside her mouth.
"You are so delicious." She tells me.
"You should have what I ate just a few minutes ago." I tell her.
"Then let me kiss you and find out."
Our kiss lasts a moment while we explore each others mouth. Leaving the collapsed pool, we make our way inside. Little did I know what the next day would bring.
"I found your putting green." Bonnie told me when I got inside.
"Wow, you're serious about this golf thing."
"Yep. I can't have you embarrassing yourself out there."
Bonnie took me out front where she had cleared off most of the front porch and rolled out the short carpeted green.
"Time to practice." Bonnie said handing me a putter.
I take a few putts while Bonnie ran inside to get drinks. Or at least that's what she said she was doing.
"Now let's work on your focus."
Bonnie had gotten on her slingshot. Handing me a drink, she walked to the end of the putting green, and sat down just in front of the hole. Spreading her legs, the target had suddenly changed.
"Hit it right about here, nice and soft." Bonnie said as she spread her legs.
"That's too easy." I said, laughing.
"How about now." With that, Bonnie moved the material covering her pussy and spread herself wide open.
"Sure. That helps." I nailed a few putts after that.
After heading inside, we discuss how golf plays into our plans. Basically, this golf scramble will be the first time all the men will be around each other. Playing will allow us to get to know each other while the women set up the backyard for a fun party.
Other than the golf, I have no idea what Bonnie and Annette have planned for us. Well, other than knowing what Bonnie has planned for her official exposure. I'll leave that to her and enjoy getting the cobwebs off my game. I'm sure my handicap is little higher now that it was a few years ago.
Luckily, we arrange the golf as a best-ball scramble. This will keep the game moving along. The golf course also threw in a pitcher of beer for longest drive, and also for lowest score on a couple of holes. Man, Sunday cannot come fast enough.
"I'm headed to the course." I tell Bonnie.
"Okay. Remember, we'll have food and drinks on the back patio for everyone. Just keep all the guys there when you get back."
"Got it."
I would never have believed 12 neighbors would show up for golf and then a party afterwards, but here we are. Our three foursomes make quick work of the course, and as much beer as legally possible.
"Okay, everyone. All I know is that all of us are going to the back patio area to enjoy food and drinks, and not to leave that area until we're told. That's all I know." I tell all of these new friends at the front door.
With affirmative looks from everyone, we head inside and walk to the back. What we find is way more than food and drinks. Past the patio, there are 12 of the small pools in the yard, all but one with a wife inside. We wave hello and grab some drinks and food.
"Happy National Nude Day!" We hear from the back door.
Out walks Bonnie, naked of course. In utter silence, she walks out to the empty pool, and stands behind it.
"Happy National Nude Day!" All the other wives yell in unison, as they stand, likewise naked.
You could feel the shock and awe among the twelve of us. It didn't last long as I led the way to the small pools where our wives had fallen back into the water. I jumped in with Bonnie. My clothes would be off soon enough.
Not every guy got naked immediately. That took about an hour or so. Bonnie's new friends had brought over not just the pools, but also a cornhole set, a large block tower, a chipping target to go along with my putting green, badminton, and a croquet set.
Mostly, the pools were kept very busy. We ate a lot of food, and drank even more than the earlier 18 holes of golf.
"We do have one more surprise." Bonnie told me as we surveyed the backyard scene of nudity.
"Even better than this?" I ask.
"We'll see."
"Alright everyone, get on your shoes. Nothing more than your shoes." Annette yelled from her pool.
I'm pretty sure men will do anything for a naked woman, not to mention a dozen of them. We dutifully followed along as our wives led us a few houses down the street. I'm pretty sure our entire block was involved, so it's not like there was anyone at home to offend.
Anyway, we made our way to the backyard of Annette's neighbors who actually did have a pool. It didn't take but a moment to get out of our shoes and into the water. The pool was large enough for everyone to find a spot all to themselves. Bonnie and I coupled quite quickly.
"So, when's our pool party going to happen?" Bonnie asks.
"It would happen tomorrow if I could. But, pretty soon."
Day became night. Couples wandered off naked to their nearby homes. As did we.National Nude Day 2024certainly didn't end on July 14th. Bonnie surprised me day after day until the pool was complete. The first and only rule for our new pool is: NND Rules in effect at all times.