This is the fourth part of a story about the relationship between a self-confessed voyeur and an exhibitionist who is in denial about this aspect of her character. Like most of my stories it is set in and around 1980's Birmingham and the Black Country. There is no social media, no mobile phones, and no internet porn. Also in the UK there were only three TV channels so popular programmes were seen by all.
They both expect that the relationship will last at most six to nine months and will end when she goes to university. Nowadays this pair would probably be friends with benefits, so I will not be using cuckold language. The voyeur enjoys seeing her flirting and making out with other men, but more because he likes watching and listening to sexual activity than because she is his girlfriend. Everyone described being involved in sexual activity is over 18.
This is the same Joanna as appears in some other stories of mine, but this is set about seven months before the first of those stories so there is no need to have read them.
So far this story had been from David the Voyeur's POV and this chapter is primarily from Joanna's the exhibitionist's POV as she is both provoked and tempted into exploring her true nature. The party itself will be in the next chapter. I promise you that the TV sketch referred to was for real and can be found on You Tube using "NTNOCN: "American Express"" as a search. It was only a slight exaggeration of the original adverts which was part of the reason it was so effective.
/------------------------------------/
When she thought about it afterwards, it was daddy who was really responsible for what happened in May and June 1980. If he hadn't been so condescending over dinner on Friday 2nd May she would never have been motivated to throw herself into the role in the Dudley hustle as thoroughly as she did.
Joanna had now in effect finished with school apart from exams. They no longer required her to be attend every day and trusted her to revise at home and only come in for special revision classes if she wanted to. She was good enough at French not to need to revise that hard and she had worked hard on the literature side in her first year. German wasn't quite as strong, but she should get the grade she needed. She had done well in the history mocks as the questions were on the areas she had worked hard on in the first two terms of the course. In retrospect hs ehad been complacent.
She spent a lot of the additional time with David and his housemates. Her classmates were also working hard for the exams and now she had a boyfriend at university she had tired of being the queen of her social circle of sixth formers.
It was such a relief after Lionel to spend time with a man who did not want to control her every action and trusted her. While she might not want such tolerance in a husband, it was fine in this relationship. After all there was little to no chance of their relationship surviving her going to London and they may as well just have fun without any of the traumas. This way she got the best bits of a relationship and the best bits of being single.
She imagined exactly what Lionel or Daddy would have said if she had told him she was off to have photographs taken of her. David trusted her to behave with the photographers despite the fact that they all promised to help her career if she allowed them to take liberties with her. He also did not object when she danced with other men and led them on a little bit or that she obscured the fact that she was in a relationship with him. He had also looked after her when things threatened to get ugly in that nightclub. She had treated it as a joke until she had seen the bouncer's faces and the owner had warned her not to come back for at least three months. Gareth had taken her back there in mid-afternoon a few days after and had pointed out to her how easy it would have been for a few determined men to have forced her into the back seat of a car. She knew the actuality would have been horrifying, but the thought of multiple men taking it in turns had also excited her.
She also did not like being at home at weekends or in the evenings when daddy was around. Ever since she had split up with Lionel Daddy had been finding excuses to find fault with her. She had not introduced David to him or mummy because at first it had suited her to tell them that Lionel had just objected to her talking to other men as friends. Telling him that Lionel's concerns that she was flirting with David were justified and that within a day of meeting David he had bonked her would not have gone down well. David had made a joke about Lionel being a younger version of daddy and the more she thought about it the truer it seemed. She thought that he was also right when he said Daddy wanted her to continue to be his little princess and was not happy about her growing up.
Mummy would never argue with daddy but did her best to be all three wise monkeys rolled into one. She wasn't a snitch, but neither was she an ally.
Joanna got on well with brother George who genuinely cared for her and did his best to help and even tried to be subtle about it. He had said that he wished he would get away with working as little as she did, which she took as meaning he was tactfully saying that she wasn't revising enough. He might have a point, but there was plenty of time.
George had his own problems with daddy. He had been top of his year at school for so long that Daddy had started taking it for granted. George had pre-warned daddy that he would only be second in class in English at A level (the best was the son of a professor of English so Daddy accepted that) but had not expected to have competition in history. When he was beaten into second in the Christmas school report by a girl who did not come from a good family and had missed a year of scholing because hse had had a nervous breakdown, Daddy had been angry at George and called him a disappointment and a slacker. George had redirected his ire on the girl and Joanna had willingly helped him ruin her reputation at his school while she had been going out with Lionel. If Lionel disapproved of her talking to men the fact that the Tart accepted that a man paying for a date meant that he got to feel her tits and get a hand job in the back row of the cinema as a bare minimum had both shocked him and, she now suspected, excited him.
George had knuckled down and worked even harder, but so did the girl. Perhaps she should have foreseen that ruining her reputation and social life would have had that effect on a girl who no matter how much of a slut she was had a brain. Anyway, George would be applying for Oxbridge next year and his teachers thought he would get in, so daddy had started approving of him again at least as compared with her.
Still, she hadn't been expecting the disdain from daddy on the Friday dinner and she was still furious with him on Saturday morning. When daddy went to play golf and mummy had left the house for her local charitable duties she strode off round to David's to let off steam and to look at the portfolio of her photographs. She knew he was likely to be out, but she let herself in with the key which he had given her and headed for his room.
The door to the Guest Bedroom was shut and shrieks of pleasure could be heard as team DP entertained their latest -- she wasn't entirely certain what the right word to use was -- client, victim, conquest, or guest. She was surprised by how many women were up for having sex with Dom and Pete at the same time and how much they seemed to enjoy it. She was also intrigued by the mechanics. She listened for twenty minutes until the shouting and other noises stopped. Ten minutes later the door to the Guest Bedroom opened and a woman wearing the "I'm a DP Girl" T shirt and wearing a bracelet started to leave. She seemed to be in her mid twenties but in good shape for her age. The woman turned around in the door and said, "I want that bitch humiliated for what she's done to her friends for the last six months. This should have been the best time of their lives so far and instead it's been all tears and recriminations."
Dom said, "The DP team will do its best, Phyllis. Give us a chance to adapt our plans for next Saturday and we'll be in touch."
So this woman had wanted to enlist the aid of the DP Team. Female friends would hire them to cheer up friends who needed their self-esteem being improved or making men realise that the woman they had been taking for granted was attractive or had a wild side. They also helped up liven up parties by getting the dancing and snogging going earlier than it might otherwise do. She had heard that they occasionally engaged in sting operations, and it sounded like this was one of those. After the woman left she popped into the Guest Room where the two men were changing the sheets and opening the windows to air the room. Mummy would be impressed by the way they tidied up after themselves, although not by the reason why they were doing so. Still if mummy did have an affair she would make certain that all the bedlinen was washed. She looked in and said "Hello, boys what's up." She saw that the woman who had just left had taken the complete Team DP package to judge from the knickers and bra on the bedroom side table.
They looked up and Dom said, "The DP Team has an extra objective on Saturday. She had a problem, no one else could help, and her sister told her that if she could find them.... maybe she could hire the DP Team."
She rolled her eyes and said, "At the end of the evening do you all smoke cigars and say, I love it when a plan comes together."
Pete laughed, "Something like that. Look we're going to have to brief David, so we'll tell you at the same time. After all you have got an invite to the party."
She'd been intrigued by Dom and Pete's description of the operations of the DP Team, and she had said that she would like to see them in action on one of their missions. They had suggested that she come with the team to a party on the 10th May where the cousin of the host had asked them to help make the party go with a bang generally and to assist the course of true lust for some potential couples.
"David?"
"Don't worry he'll be planning and in support, not a doer. He's good at people."
She left them to whatever they were up to and waited for David to return. Ten minutes the door opened, and he came in with his satchel.
"Good to see you. Just been in the library writing my latest essay."
He then looked at her and said, "What's Dastardly Daddy done now?"
She smiled, the fact that David could tell she was upset and guess the reason was one of the things she liked about him.
He led her into the kitchen and got her a bottle of beer from the fridge. She said "Darling Daddy has forbidden me from auditioning for the chorus in the music society's next production. He didn't care that the rehearsals won't really get going for the chorus until after her exams were over."
David looked thoughtful, "Let me guess. He said that you should spend all your spare time on revising for A levels. Still, I thought he was OK with you doing stuff for the local musical society."
He held up his hand, "Bloody hell, is your old man that much of a prig? You told me that their next production was Sweet Charity and not HMS Pinafore."
"That's right. It's a great musical and has some good chorus songs and dances. As I wouldn't be a lead, it wouldn't have taken up much time before the exams as the performances aren't until Mid-July."
"Dastardly Daddy didn't want his friends to see you dressed like a semi-professional good time girl. Yeah, I know the script says that they are dance hall girls who are paid to dance with men, but it's pretty hard to imagine that the Big Spender wanted to dance a stately gavotte and discuss origami. More grind and grope."
Joanna laughed and then said, "No. I could have accepted that. He said that no one would believe that I wasn't just doing an excruciatingly bad and condescending impersonation of a working-class girl. He said that the audience would not suspend disbelief and I would make a fool of myself in front of the casting committee. It would be like Penelope Keith playing Messalina in I, Claudius. He also told me that while I had a nice enough voice for Gilbert and Sullivan I didn't have the talent to pretend to be anything other than a spoilt brat who'd never had to worry about how to pay for anything and that the only reason I had ever got any roles was because he paid them donations."
David opened a bottle of wine and gave her a glass. "You are a better actress than he gives you credit for. Still, he never saw your performance as Roxanne in Bristol."
They both laughed at that. She regularly remembered that night with pleasure, especially when lying in bed of having a long bath. Everyone had believed that she was a dancer/groupie who'd slept with Rod Stewart and Mick Jagger. The recollection of the desire on people's faces watching as Max exposed her tits and preparing to take her on the kitchen table was her favourite moment of the year. They'd all believed that she was the type of girl who would let him bonk her in front of an audience.
He said, "Still he doesn't own you. Why don't you audition anyway?"
"Daddy said that he would stop my allowance if I did. Besides which if he told them not to cast me, they wouldn't."
David hugged her, "Well I think that you would make an excellent dance hall worker who would be up for a few extras for a man of distinction."
She cried a little but felt comfortable in his arms. "I think so. It's just that Daddy was so mean and certain that he was right. If he didn't want me to do it he could have just said that he didn't want me on stage dressed as the type of girl you meet behind Rackhams."
He looked at her, "Problem is that he's making you doubt yourself. He's never forgiven you for dumping his clone, Lionel. It's no use me telling you that I believe in you as I would do so anyway. You need to prove it to yourself."
Dom and Pete joined them and explained what Phyllis had wanted. Phyllis had been put in contact with them by her younger sister Paula, who had been eighteen since October. Team DP had got off with Paula three months ago in a night club and later that same night she had earned the T shirt in a hotel.
Paula had originally recruited them to help make her cousin Nigel's 18th birthday party go with a bang and to be the best party of the year. This was the last party before A levels and they were all studying at home now. This included getting people dancing, encouraging people to lose their inhibitions, and then ensuring that the making out went further than it might otherwise go. More specifically they had been asked to get two eighteen-year-olds called Alison and Mick to finally tell each other how much they loved each other or at least have a good snog. The girl tended to spend all her time at parties accompanied by her best friend June and so Dom was tasked with chatting June up so that Mick had a clear run and Gareth with encouraging Mick to make a pass at Alison. Pete was if necessary going to chat up Alison so that Gareth could tell Mick that if he didn't make a move she would be taken by someone else. Once Alison and Mick were safely set up, Dom's role was then to get off with Paula and escalate the sexual energy of the party. If they could instigate an orgy then so much the better. David was there to give advice if needed or perhaps to take over talking to June if Pete spotted someone to get off with.
Phyllis wanted them to change the agenda so that a girl called Sandra who had betrayed her best friend Louise by sleeping with her boyfriend Jim would get her just deserts and at any rate not get the boy. The whole story sounded like something agony aunts like Marje Proops would opine on or would appear in the problem pages of Jackie or Just Seventeen. If true the girl had encouraged her best friend to break up with her boyfriend, offered consolation to the boyfriend by opening her legs within three days and then when the original two got back together tried to sabotage the relationship and even started a rumour that June had cheated with Jim to cover her tracks. The thing which made her feel that Team DP should humiliate the bitch was the fact that Louise, June, Alison, and Sandra had been friends since their first day at school when they had been sat in the same row alphabetically. They had been known as the 4Js because each of them had a surname beginning with J. Stealing boyfriends from best friends was a crime.
David frowned, "How certain is she about the facts?"
"Certain enough to earn the bracelet."
Joanna looked up, "What's the significance of the bracelet?"
"Maximum double penetration."
"Oh." She got the idea, although wondered about the practicality. She would have thought that they would have all got in their way
Dom said, "David here told us always to be careful if people wanted to us to punish people. It's one thing teaching a woman that sex can be fun and experimentation should be encouraged. It's another persuading her to put out and then humiliating her for it. This means that unless someone is really convinced that the target deserves it then they will back down. Actually, on this one we swapped positions. He's seven inches against my four and a half."
David said, "Leave it with me to think about and we'll meet with Gareth tomorrow as we'll need his input as well."
After they had left David then looked thoughtful and laughed to himself.
"What's that about?"
"I've got an idea of how you can prove to yourself that Darling Daddy is talking nonsense with no risk of Darling Daddy finding out. You were thinking of going to the party, why not go as a black country slapper. It's a different role to Bristol and will require more rehearsal as the audience is more likely to spot a false note. If you're interested, I can brainstorm the details and meet up with you at 4 tomorrow afternoon."
She laughed at this, had sex with him and when she went home to revise, told him to brainstorm away.
She came round the next afternoon and found David had a notebook full of plans and suggestions. Gareth, Dom, and Pete were also around the kitchen table. There was also a series of photographs on the fridge kept on by magnets.
David said, "Your father won't let you perform on stage because you would not be convincing as a girl who is no better then she ought to be. We know he is wrong and just trying to undermine your confidence. We'll arrange an improvisational performance which will show that your Bristol debut was no fluke and make that seem restrained and innocent."
She looked at him and he held his hands up. "No, we're not doing this in Brum. The party is in Dudley next Saturday night."
She pouted a little "Dudlaaay? Are you kidding me."
"I know it's only ten miles away, but you once said to me that none of your friends would be seen dead in Yam-Yam land. It's far away to be safe but close enough for Gareth to drive us back or to get so that you are back home in bed by two in the morning."
She must have looked dubious.
"Even if one of your friends has turned into a zombie, we can guarantee that you will not be recognised."
"How?"
"You've watched My Fair Lady and how Henry Higgins turned a shop girl into a duchess."
"Yes?"
"In just seven days the four of us can turn you from a posh rich girl into an as common as muck good time girl who's game for a laff and up for grabs. I promise you that if you bumped into your best friend on Saturday they would not even think it was you. Besides which we will only be going to a wine bar in Dudley and then to a sixth form party. It's not like we're going to JBs."
She started to smile, "I'm up for it."
Actually, she hardly needed the persuasion. She had got even angrier with Daddy the more she thought about it. If he wouldn't allow her to even audition for the musical, she would neglect her history revision this week in favour of rehearsal for a one night only performance. As David later said, Daddy would have been better off allowing her to audition for the role and telling the director not to cast her. He should have spotted that she had inherited his obstinacy.
Mother had simply said, "Don't argue with your father." When she had asked George what he thought he had looked panicked. He then explained that being asked whether he thought she'd make a convincing taxi dancer came over as a trick question to which there was no good answer. He then answered that he respected her acting ability and also that just because he thought he could play the role convincingly did not mean that he thought she was a whore in real life.
One thought did strike her, "Why are the rest of you helping train me? It's not as though I'm going to be a key part of the hustle."
Gareth said, "I like the challenge of improvisational theatre. I'm between productions at the moment and miss rehearsing."
Dom said, "You are going to help Team DP fulfil its latest mission to teach a selfish young woman that the ho code is not to be broken."
"The what code?"
Pete answered, "Hos before bros. I don't blame women if they stick together against us men. Let's face it, would you trust us?"
David said, "You actually are crucial to the hustle. Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to cause Sandra to be more receptive to the attentions of Dom and Pete by flirting with Jim. That will be easy for you. What we want is tempt her into showing him what he is missing." He explained her role in the plan, and it amused her. She was going to out tramp the tramp without having to do more than flirt, have a snog and allow a good looking six-foot-tall boy to make out with her and perhaps suck and squeeze her tits.
David said, "I'll be meeting Jim next week with Paula, Nigel, and some others. Dom and Pete tell me that Phyllis thinks he is randy rather than vicious and can be led by his dick. I think I know the type and it won't need much to make him realise that no matter how much he would like to stick it in Sandra again he should not be seen getting off with her at a party within twelve days of splitting up with her best friend."
Afterwards she recalled the next few days as if was a montage scene in a movie. Gareth who was a member of as many Birmingham University theatrical societies as he could fit in was in charge of teaching her enough slang and dialect to pass as a Black Country wench who at times pretended to be posh in her office job rather than a posh girl pretending to be common. The idea was that she started off common, pretend to be posher as she reeled in her man and as she had more to drink her pronunciation would slip back again. Grass would cease to rhyme with arse and would instead rhyme with ass. Things would be bostin' rather than marvellous, she would refer to her mom and not her mother or even mum, she'd be in fine fettle rather than Ok thanks for asking, she'd have got cash out of the bonk rather than the bank and she'd flirt by telling an attractive man that "yow am a real mon."
It had been hard going at first and David had given Gareth immoral support as a sort of Colonel Pickering to Gareth's Henry Higgins. On Thursday evening Gareth finally said to David, "By George, I think she's got it." to which she replied "Oi'm a bad girl, ar am."
She had also enjoyed the physical transformation. Fortunately, daddy had left for a weeklong business trip on Wednesday and so the application of the Coppertone tanning lotion went without comment. Well brother George noticed, but she said that she had been revising in the garden and had caught the sun. By Saturday morning she had an all over tan and an additional set of chat up lines.
While normally she would not take make-up or fashion advice from Dom and Pete, she recognised that they had an unrivalled expertise in clothes, hair, make up, and demeanour which sent the message to men that a woman was there for the plucking and was not going to bother pretending that she had any virtue to defend. Pete and she agreed on the make-up look on Wednesday while on Friday morning she went clothes shopping with Dom. Darling Daddy still paid a generous allowance and besides which they were looking for flashy and revealing rather than expensive. Both of them insisted on not revealing the costume and the makeup to David until Saturday night.
All four had given her body language lessons to help her convince men that she was on the pull or to make them feel randier towards her. Dom and Pete had the widest range of suggestions and stressed that subtlety was out on Saturday. She'd instinctively known most of the tricks beforehand, but it helped hearing them set out so plainly.
One which surprised her was from Dom. "You should wear long earrings and fiddle with them when talking to a man. Also, if possible hold a glass with a stem in your hand and hold it suggestively."
"You're joking."
"Men need very little encouragement to imagine you giving them a handjob."
"And the belt?"
"You're asking them to undress you. Well, more likely you're nervous, but that's why seduction is an art not a science. Our target has not had sex for a month after having it five times a week since his eighteenth birthday. If you lick your lips, look him the eye and play with your hair or belt then he will get the message."
Gareth gave her lessons in attracting men by the way she moved. He had plenty of am dram experience and tried to direct a play a term. He gave her lessons in hip wiggling, keeping relaxed, the proper use of winking, where to put her hands, vocal tricks, conveying sex appeal by hesitating, and delivering innuendos. He had also got her to watch Grease on VHS again, this week's Top of the Pops and to listen to radio 1 constantly. He even devised some routines to use when dancing to the week's top 10 which would direct attention to her vagina and breasts. He even devised a mixed cassette tape for the party which would allow her to plan her temptation in advance.
David and Dom had spent Wednesday afternoon and evening in Dudley reconnoitring the town, discussing the details of the plan with Phyllis and meeting Paula and Nigel about how to liven up the party and about the main attendees. They had met Jim and some of the other male guests.
Dom booked two rooms in the Station Hotel for him and Pete. They had decided early on in their university career that at least once a month they would go to a venue called JBs. The music was good and there was plenty of female talent with lacklustre competition. The Station Hotel was in walking distance from the club. As it usually catered for travelling salesmen during the week, the rooms were cheaper on Saturday night. Importantly for Team DP it had a proper lack of interest in their guests' morality. They normally only booked one room and it was where they had taken Paula a few months back. While they would prefer to seduce Sandra jointly, in case their target was only up to being seduced by one of them it gave them the option. It would also give Joanna a place to change into her costume.
On Saturday morning Pete took her to a hairdresser who he and Dom knew well in all senses of the word who gave her a perm at a special price and gave her advice on how to remove it quickly afterwards. Actually, if the night went well she might keep it. Daddy didn't own her, and she might want other nights out before her exams to practise her newfound knowledge. One amusing sideline was that despite relying on David for strategy Dom, Gareth, and Pete did not want him to see the hair and the clothes before Jim did.
David, Dom, and Pete caught the 126 bus to Dudley just after lunch carrying the case with her potential outfits in. They would check in at the hotel and meet with Phyllis and her sister, Paula. David had said that he would go to the Black Country Museum and the Zoo. She swondered whether Dom and Pete would try for a foursome with the two sisters or conserve their energies for the evening.
On late Saturday afternoon Gareth drove her to Dudley. She and Gareth practised her lines in the car and discussed the likely improvisations which might be needed to persuade the mark that she was both a racing certainty and well worth the effort. Gareth was an actor and could do the most convincing local accent in the role as her harassed and embarrassed older brother. He also suggested refinements to her desire to reenact a scene from a recent BBC comedy programme including making certain that David was there to see it.
They met Dom, Pete, and Phyllis in the hotel bar, and she collected the key to the room. Phyllis did not recognise her from last week and she was introduced as coming from a sister outfit known as David's Angels. Gareth went with her as the plan involved them pretending to be brother and sister and he was the only man on the DP Team who could pass as a man from the Black Country, albeit a well off one. She then applied deodorant and perfumes consistent with the image she wanted to present. Dom had left her some M&S sandwiches and a half bottle of white wine from an off license.
David had already left with Paula to meet up with Jim and some others who were having a drink before going to Nigel's party. He was going to give Jim a heads up that Cherry had just split up with her boyfriend and was looking or some fun. Dom and Pete were going to join them shortly and start tempting Sandra to show that Jim was reminded of what he was missing while alos rubbing in the fact that any friend of Louise could not be seen making a pass at Jim. Phyllis joined her and Gareth in the bedroom. It was encouraging when Phyllis told her that she wished she had known Cherry ten years ago as they could have had so much fun together.
She looked intently in the mirror as she applied her make up and added the earrings which were garish. Gareth and Phyllis provided some advice on the right balance between looking like an enthusiastic hedonist and a professional hooker.
She next chose between the two tops and went for the most revealing one. She admitted to herself that this meant that she accepted that Jim would be getting her tits out tonight. After all they were good tits and it would be inconsistent with the part she would be playing to be coy about them.
Besides which she would be competing with a woman who was desperate. She thought that she understood women like Sandra better than Team DP. Dom and Pete spent time with girls who liked to have fun, David was basically a nice man who saw the best in people and who preferred friendship to love. Sandra had betrayed her friends for a man and she would not give up without a fight. This meant that Cherry could not pretend to be a virgin. It also meant that she was damn certain that Sandra would try and compete with Cherry. She passed this insight on to Phyllis who smiled and said, "I've already primed Paula to offer her a chance to change into a skirt or dress."
Finally, she put on her skimpy underwear, trousers, and high heels. She then turned off the main lights in the room and practised her tactics for setting male hormones ablaze. She thought her most effective pose was to place her legs about two feet apart and then bend over. The combined effect of the heels and the trousers meant that most men would instantly want to grab her by the hips, bend her over, pull her trousers down and give her a good rogering. Gareth agreed and said that she almost made him plump for DC only. Phyllis had laughed and said it was time for her to be going, but she was certain that Jim would be slavering at the mouth. She also said that it was making her consider trying AC herself.
David had rightly pointed out that skirts allowed men a chance to escalate things too quickly. It also meant that when making out and snogging, she could let them squeeze her thighs or rub her vagina without the imminent threat of knicker removal. She then finished the wine and checked the time. She took her case with her original clothes. She and Gareth would put the case in the car on the way to the town centre. One advantage of Dudley (or Dud-laaay) was the amount of free parking in the town centre.
Finally, she picked up her handbag, checked her lips and reapplied the lipstick. Gareth turned to her and said "Showtime. You are now Cherry and I am Gazza."
He gave her his jacket to wear and as they walked up Castle Hill they rehearsed their lines and story. Gareth would be a friend of David's and Joanna would be Gareth's sister Candy. They turned left and walked past the Market stalls, the fountain, and the statue of Duncan Edwards before turning right at WH Smiths.
/--------------------------/
Jim had been glad to get out this evening with his friends to go to the new wine and cocktail bar before going to the party at Nigel's place. He did not expect the bar would last that long, but it would last until he went to Manchester to study to be a doctor.
He had not been expecting Sandra to turn up at the wine bar with June and Alison. He had the uncomfortable feeling she wanted to get him by himself. He knew it was his fault more than hers, but she had offered him a shoulder to cry on when Louise split up with him after an argument. One thing had led to another, and he had taken her virginity that day. Sandra had been best friends with Louise since age 12 and they had both felt incredibly guilty afterwards. To make things worse the day after she had provided consolation Louise had forgiven him. For two months he and Louise had tried to make it work and he and Sandra had tried to pretend that nothing had happened (although if he was honest she had hung around him more than he felt comfortable with, had discussed how guilty she felt but couldn't regret it, and had sucked him off when Louise had her period). Louise had finally split up with him last week (but had stopped having sex three weeks before that) when she had said that she believed that he had cheated on her with one of her friends, but not with whom. He had of course denied it, but he knew she wasn't convinced. He was absolutely baffled when she had hinted that she suspected June. Still, he could hardly tell her it wasn't June, your second-best friend, but Sandra, your best friend he'd bonked.
While it was tempting to hook up with Sandra who was better than Louise in bed, it would need more time before people wouldn't assume that they had betrayed Louise while he was still going out with her. The other girls who would be at the party tonight had all known Louise since they were twelve and, although she had not broadcast the cheating story, would be wary of further upsetting her by snogging him.
He had been glad when the three men had joined the group. Dom and Pete knew Paula's sister Phyllis and he had met Dom and David earlier this week. It appeared they were going to the party and with luck one of them would distract June so Mick and Alison could finally get off with each other. He liked Mick and trying to do him and Alison some good would distract him and make him feel better about himself. He had got a hint that Alison had been protective of June since the rumour that she had been fucked by him. He looked at the three men and decided David was the best choice to comfort June. He seemed the more intellectual.
He drew David away from the main group and suggested that he chat up June when she came back from the toilet. He explained that David seemed like her type and a snog would be good for her morale as well as allowing Mick and Alison their chance. David had thanked Jim for the heads up. He then said. "Fair's fair mate. I'll do you a favour in return. My mate Gazza and his sister Cherry should be here soon. Cherry's just split up with her boyfriend and insisted on me and Gazza taking her out on the razzle tonight and to introduce her to some new men."
He paused, "Look she's a mate's sister so I can't make a play myself. Let's put it this way. She's even more of a goer than she looks, and she really likes tall posh boys. If you explain that you've just been kicked to the kerb as well, then, unless you are a complete bellend, you'll get more than a snog tonight, wink, wink, nudge, nudge; know what I mean."
Jim smiled, "I know what you mean. Tell me more."
David obliged. Jim liked the sound of Cherry. He was as horny as hell after a month without sex after five months of almost daily shagging and a snog with a chance of more was just what he needed. Hell, even just getting back into the swing of chatting up women would do him good. It was certainly less socially risky than encouraging Sandra when they got to the party. Even more importantly he could do with meeting a girl who just wanted to have fun. The last few months had been full of angst and guilt. He almost understood what Adrian meant he started rabbiting on about the existentialist nightmare of modern life and plays by Chekov and Ibsen.
Shortly afterwards the door of the bar opened. David nudged him and he looked round. Jim watched as a vision of all his sexual fantasies walked through the door. She had Farrah Fawcett blonde hair and was wearing tight red Spandex disco trousers which clung to her arse and high heels which made her legs seem even longer than they were. She was almost wearing a black, backless, halter top which barely concealed an impressive cleavage. She was obviously not wearing a bra and the halter was kept in place by one knot behind her neck which could be easily undone. Hell, his dick was already imagining what it would be like being squeezed between her tits.
Her bright red lipstick matched her trousers, and the mascara made her look like a woman who knew how to please a man. The real work of art was the make up around the eyes. They were surrounded by purple eye shadow, eyeliner, and eyelash enhancements, all of which made her eyes larger and more distinctive. She looked like she was in her mid-twenties rather than nineteen and that she was the type of girl mothers warned their sons about and uncles said to get to know but always take precautions and never tell them your real name.
Fuck, the last few months had been full of guilt and self-loathing. He owed himself some fun tonight.
David whispered, "One more thing. Rumour has it that Cherry likes to be a man's first as she thinks they will never forget her, and no woman will ever live up to her. Failing that she likes celebrating birthdays."
Jim looked at the women and thought that a little white lie about his date of birth won't matter. Hell, he was up to pretending that he was a virgin if it increased his chances of a shag.
/----------------------------------/
Joanna felt all eyes turn towards her as she entered the bar. No, they turned towards Cherry.
David looked like John Travolta reacting to the transformed Sandy at the end of Grease. She could almost hear the moans from the men in the bar as Cherry wiggled her hips as she walked towards Jim and David, pulled back her shoulders and thrust her breasts out. She then glanced around the bar seeing the reaction to her. Her eyes flickered in Jim's direction, she smiled and bit her lip. She opened her purse and got out a cigarette. He took his lighter from his pocket and strode towards her.
"Would you like a light?"
She nodded and it lit first time. She kept the cigarette near her lips. He held her hand as he got up close to her and she tilted her head as he lit her cigarette. Whatever their illusions about women, the DP team knew what men wanted and Cherry had what Jim needed.
She looked at David and said, "Hello Dave. Will yow introduce me to this bostin-looking gentleman?"
"Good to see you again Cherry. This is my friend Jim."
"Hi, Jim. I'm Cherry."
"Charmed to make your acquaintance. I'd like to celebrate my birthday by buying you a drink. What would you like?" She noted that David had primed him with an implied lie which allowed her an excuse to leave him with blue balls later.
"What do yow suggest?" She looked in the eyes and the hand without the cigarette played with her hair.
"I think you would enjoy a long slow comfortable screw up against the wall." He moved closer.
She sucked her cigarette and looked him up and down. "Maybe later when ar know yow better, but what should ar put down my throat before that?" She touched his right arm and moved closer to him than he expected, squeezed the bottom of her pendant earring while looking him in the eyes. She then opened her eyes wide and licked her lips.
He had obviously caught a whiff of her perfume. Not subtle but she was told that it sent a message.
"I think you would enjoy a negroni." He ordered two of them and paid with a credit card. She glanced at
As he ordered the drinks and the barman prepared them, she realised she was enjoying herself. Normally she played hard to get, but it was fascinating to try out being a sure thing. David had clearly not undersold the chances of Jim getting laid tonight.
She was shocked at herself for her response to his recommendation of cocktail, but she thought anything else would have been backing down. She also knew that a negroni was pure alcohol and so he was clearly planning to get her drunk quickly and then get her somewhere private. He might not yet know that she was invited to the party so he could even be looking to shag her in the bogs. That reminded her, she still hadn't told David about that night in London when she cheated on Lionel. Perhaps she would keep that a secret.
Now Jim was well and truly hooked, she would need to slow things down. She scanned the room and saw the woman she knew to be Sandra was being talked to by Pete. She was about five three wearing what seemed to be the Dudley social uniform for this set of smart looking tight jeans. Too tight for the dance floor by the looks of it. She was wearing a grey jumper which was flattering to her breasts. Her hair was in a ponytail, and she looked wholesome. She was staring daggers at her and Jim and any residual doubt that she had been the one who had betrayed Louise was gone. Well at least no doubt that she wanted Jim between her legs despite the fact that he had just split up with her best friend.
Cherry's mission for at least the next few hours would be to rub Sandra's face in the fact that the man she had betrayed her best friend for would prefer to try and get off with a tart rather than spend time with her. Pete was already whispering something in Sandra's ear no doubt designed to wind her up still further.
Jim produced the drinks and she said, "Let's sit down and get to know each other better."
She led Jim to a table which ensured that Sandra had an excellent view of Jim and her in profile. For the next fifteen minutes she could vamp Jim and there was nothing Sandra dared do about it here. Things would get more interesting once they were at the party and everyone had had more to drink. She was increasingly confident that Dom and Pete could persuade Sandra to show Jim and all his friends what he was missing.
She sipped her negroni and said, "That's good." She leant forward and let him stare into her cleavage. "Do you like what you see?"
He asked, "Is the tan all over?"
"If you play your cards right, you may find out. Are you cootin?"
She could see him translating in his mind. David had been right that this lot had middle class or aspirational working-class parents.
"We split up a week ago." He hesitated and then clearly went for the big implied lie. "We disagreed about where how far we wanted the relationship to go to. And do you have a boyfriend?"
"Dumped him last week as he was too jealous. Oi'm looking for some fun tonight so yow may get lucky if you treat me nice. I like your fizzog." Perhaps she was overdoing the accent, but it was a real word. The man was clearly invested in believing that she was up for it, and the truth was far more unlikely than the lie
She licked her lips again and played with her cleavage. Fuck, pretending she was a slut made her horny. She also acknowledged that he was good looking and he either had a pump action shotgun in his pocket or was very pleased to see her. She decided that Cherry would not bother pretending to be posh. He clearly was turned on by the idea of bonking a working class slut who just wanted a good shag.
He guessed at what she was hinting and said, "Are you going to Paula's party tonight? If so then perhaps we can get to know each other better. If not, I'm certain that I can get you in."
"Gazza's already sorted that out. I'd like to see more of yow and I can see that yow feel the same way." She winked at him and then stared at his groin.
She then turned her head, "Who's the saft bab gawking at us? Not the ex?"
Jim looked round and saw Sandra glaring at them. He whispered, "No. Will you protect me from her tonight? Ex's best friend and I don't know if she wants to lamp me or screw me and I'm not certain which would be worse."
Hook, line, and sinker.
She could see that Gareth was briefing David on the impromptu improvisation.
She leaned forwards and said, "Look, I know men like yow won't take me home to meet your mom. Just don't assume that I'm going to allow yow to bonk me and treat me like a stupid oer."
He looked at her and said, "Frankly after the last three months I've had, I think anyone who just wants to have fun is the clever one. By the way it was my birthday six months ago and although I would have liked to buy you a drink to celebrate my birthday i was misleading you. I hope I'm still allowed a chance to get to know you better."
Oh, well played. The man had engaged brain and realised that he could not get away with pretending it was his birthday. Perhaps he deserved a helping hand later before she turned him down.
/-------------------------/
David decided that so far so good as far as the main purpose was concerned. A downside was that moving Dom and Pete to the seduction of Sandra meant that he had to take over Dom's original role of distracting June. It was either him or Gareth and Gareth needed to support Joanna and also encourage Alison.
June was a thoroughly pleasant girl and Jim had been right in thinking that he was her type. The fact that he had been to the RSC recently had really struck gold. Paying attention to her while checking that Gareth encouraged Mick to speak to Alison, watching Joanna and trying to see if one of June's male friends was upset by him paying attention to her meant that he was working harder than he did in an exam. It was also complicated by his belief that the more he did things with June or any other of the eighteen-year-old girls at the party, the further Joanna would go. How far could he push June without feeling a total shit.
It was clear that tmost of he young men and women around them were seeing this party as a last hurrah. They no longer went into school every day, and most would be off to university in September or October. Any minor indiscretions this evening would be forgotten quickly. Hell, if it worked like he thought it might Sandra and Cherry's behaviour would give everyone else a free pass.
David's voyeurism had made him a good people watcher and any doubt that he may have had that Sandra was the one Jim had bonked had gone. He'd also spotted that Jim was trying to ignore her.
David caught Dom's eye and they both went to the toilet and after checking the stalls were unoccupied. Dom said "Sandra is clearly not happy. She's already flirting with Pete and being rude about Cherry. She also listened to Paula's suggestion that they both change costumes to compete before going to the party."
David said, "You and Pete know the stuff to tell her to keep her in the hunt or persuade her to show him that she can do everything Cherry can. If it comes to it tell her that it's obvious that she loves Jim and has had sex with him. If that's the case then she may decide she may as well go all in."
"David, I love it when you think like a bastard."
Pete started to leave the gents, but bumped into Jim and told him "You're in there, son. Word to the wise, don't be a jerk. As far as she's concerned, she's just a girl that likes to have fun."
Jim nodded and then said, "I get it. Thanks. By the way, Sandra's looking for a man. She's more of a slut than she looks."
David guessed that Jim wanted Sandra distracted tonight and that it would suit him if she got off with someone else. Joanna's script had involved improvising if she noticed Sandra staring at them and telling Jim that was the case. It was blatant as far as David was concerned and Jim would be rightly scared that if the bimbo had noticed everyone else eveantuallu would. Jim would be avoiding Sandra like the plague, and she would be seeking his attention. It seemed like the plan was indeed coming together.
He was washing his hands as Jim came in to use the urinal. A few seconds later the door opened again, and Joanna walked in and in her role of Cherry said, "Oops, ar thought this was the ladies." She looked down at Jim's penis which had just finished pissing and said "Yow've passed the next test, Jimmy."
On her way out, she turned round and said, "If yow want a reward for honesty, introduce me to yow mates and ask me about my last job interview. Then just go with it and offer to pay with your credit card when asked for money."
Christ, she really was a method actress. If only Darling Daddy could see her now. As for Jim, what was that phrase? If you have them by the dick their hearts and minds will follow.
/-------------------------/
Joanna was now back in the bar area. Jim bought her another Negroni and showed her off to the twelve of his fellow upper sixth members who were in the wine and cocktail bar. It felt good to see the hate from Sandra and interesting to note the curiosity from June. She smiled to herself; June might be looking for more from David than he expected to provide.
Paula said, "Thank God, you're here, Cherry. I'm going home to change into my disco costume before I go to the party. I hate just wearing jeans and a T shirt"
"Bring it on."
She realised that Gareth, Dom, Pete, and David had placed themselves so that they obscured the view of the rest of the patrons of the bar. She winked at Jim.
He asked, "You said that you had a job interview today. Where was and how did it go?"
She said, "I went for a job at a hire car firm at Birmingham airport. I think it went well as after the initial interview, the manager asked me to pretend that he was a customer. Jim, perhaps you can play binge a customer?"
She looked around, all were fascinated. A few clearly remembered the sketch, but thought the conversation was for real.
Jim looked at her and said, "Miss, I'd like to hire a car for a week."
"Certainly sir, that will be fifty pounds deposit."
He pretended to hand her a credit card and said, "American Express."
"That will do nicely sir."
They all recognised the line but did not believe where it was going.
She then said, "Would you like to rub my tits too?" as she reached behind the back of her neck, undid the halter and allowed her boobs to be displayed.
She grabbed Jim's head and put it in between her tits and said "Put your head in between them and go bbl, bbl, bbl." He obliged with enthusiasm.
There was an outbreak of laughter and whoops of applause from the men and from Alison and Paula. From June a sense of surprise and I didn't know that this was an option. From the other three women laughter rather than outrage. Hell, looked like she'd already loosened this lot's morals before the party. At the very least a few men and women would be banging.
She then continued, "He decided that he wanted a few more opinions from the rest of staff."
She next placed David's head between her tits as he actually offered a real American Express card.
Another two men got the chance to go "bbl, bbl, bbl" before David signalled that the rest of the bar realised something unusual was going on.