Notice: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. This is a sexually explicit story and if this material offends you or you are under the legal age to read this type of material please exit this page immediately.
*****
DAY 1
It started out as a normal business trip but unaware of the events to come this was going to be like no other. As I sat on the plane my mind started to wonder and I began to read right where I'd left off...
...the light came through the window and covered her young body like a soft cashmere blanket. Her eyes a brilliant blue as she looked up into mine; her body was shaking and as I pulled my manhood out of her exquisitely tight pussy, my seed exploded across her stomach like a pearl necklace that had been broken on her tender innocent flesh. My cock throbbed as the pearls spread out on her firm belly. She arched her back with gasps of release as her own orgasm exploded throughout her body. The perfectly shaped mound with a little blonde tuft of hair and luscious rose petal lips quivering like the leaves of a tree in Autumn. We collapsed, exhausted from the erotic sex that we had both shared. The smell of sex ever present in the air I noticed her beauty softly glowing when I looked at her firm little breasts and the glistening little pearls of cum spread out on her young body. Yes, she was beautiful!
I closed the book and rustled in my seat, my erection visibly noticeable. I shut my eyes and my mind began to wonder as I realized what an erotic fantasy it would be to be part of someone's erotic literature. To be caught up in a web of sexual fantasy and desire. Then a small voice whispered to me, "Sir". I opened my eyes to see the lovely flight attendant leaning over to tell me to raise my seat to the full and upright position as we began our decent and would be landing shortly. I noticed her medium sized breasts and her cleavage as she asked if I'd like anything before we landed. I said no and just smiled. She looked directly at my bulge and gave me a small wink. Delighted, I raised my seat, put away my book and sat fantasizing about having the young woman in the book. How delicious it would be to explore her body with my tongue.
The flight attendant was standing next to the entrance. She was provocative, lovely legs, firm buttocks, small waist, and perky breasts. It was her looks that really set her off though. Long blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes; just like the ones the young girl had in my book. As I passed she gave me a devilish smile as she looked me over and stopped at my crotch to notice my semi hard package. I'm 5-10 about 160 lbs with dirty blonde hair and hazel eyes. A gentle twinkle in her eyes said I'd be seeing her again.
Walking down to baggage claim I called my sister Rebecca who was watching over my loft. She was home from college and always enjoyed staying at my place. She asked how the flight was and told me I should take a couple of days to relax as I'd been traveling a lot the last few months. The thought was very kind but I also knew that she'd just have 3 to 4 days of wild lesbian sex with her friends. The last trip I'd taken was cut short and I forgot to call my sister and let her know. I arrived home late, walking into the bottom level of my loft I noticed the lights were on upstairs and I heard someone gently moaning. I slowly walked up the stairs that emptied into an upper room where my bedroom was. There were candles lit, music playing and the sweet smell of sex drifting in the air. I peeked around the corner and my sister was laying next to one of her childhood friends; they were completely naked, kissing, fondling, and from where I stood, a perfect view of their sandwiched pussies was right in front of me. Rebecca's fingers were exploring her friend's tight young pussy; I watched her fingers slide in and out as she kissed her with passion and desire. Their hips dancing the tango I pulled my cock out and began to slowly pump myself. Rebecca leaned up and began to nibble on her friend's ear and she looked straight into my eyes, then looked down to see me cock in hand. I froze, but she just winked and began to whisper in her friends ear.
"Remember how you always wanted to fuck my brother?" she said.
"Yes" she whimpered as Rebecca inserted another finger inside of her.
"Well, pretend my fingers are his cock sliding deep inside you," she teased. "It's like I can see his cock going all the way inside of you, stretching your slender, wet lips."
Her friend moaned, "Yes, fuck me with your cock Flynn".
Rebecca continued, "He's getting close to cumming, I can see how large his head is getting and he is filling you with his girth and stretching you wide".
Her friends hips and body began to shake, an orgasm was fast approaching and with a low grunt she wrapped her arms around Rebecca and began to quake. I could see her lips pulsating on Rebecca's fingers in ecstasy. My own release was there and Rebecca's eyes widened as I shot white creamy spurts of jizz all over the floor. Rebecca just nodded and I retreated to the lower level and left the loft. She later told me that her friend had no idea I was there and that they made love for another hour and a half and it was blissful.
Standing at baggage claim I saw the stewardess walking to the taxi stand. She smiled and motioned me over to her. I obliged and when we got closer she asked where I was staying. I told her I had made this trip last minute and had not yet made reservations anywhere. She introduced herself, her name was Arianna, and told me about a place that was just outside of town that was located on an apple orchard. It was called Hotel Hacienda. I introduced myself (Flynn) and we decided to share a taxi to the hotel. She had a fragrance like fresh flowers on a summer's day and I was hoping to have some sort of sexual encounter on the way there but we instead engaged in a very delightful conversation. Arianna, I learned, only traveled a few days a month and only did so to get out and meet new people. I explained to her that I worked for a cutlery company that made knives for the top chefs around the world and that my business trip had brought me here to find a new advertising firm for our new product line coming out. Also mentioning I'd be taking a couple of days off after my meeting to relax.
The ride was 35 minutes and we ended up on the outside of town. Being dark out it was difficult to take in the true beauty of the place. Getting out of the car brought an immediate sweet smell of apples and the warm night air drenched us with hospitality. The cobblestone drive was old, weathered but charming and the hotel was an 18th century mission that had been completely renovated. We were greeted by a very friendly staff that took our bags. We entered the building and were met by Valentina. She was small with gorgeous red hair, green eyes that sparkled like stars and a figure that was to die for. Adrianna immediately hugged Valentina and there was something familiar between them. I just thought they probably knew one another since Arianna had most likely stayed there often. Valentina handed Arianna a key, gave her a kiss on the cheek and she was off. Valentina asked how long I would be staying and I told her I had a business appointment the next afternoon but would like to stay 3 or 4 days and relax a bit. We talked a little more and she handed me a key to patio room 158 that has a deck looking out over the orchard. We smiled and I went to my room.
The room was quite large with a king size bed, desk, couch and a full size bathroom. There was also a very nice walkout patio with a table and chairs that backed up to the orchard. I opened the patio door and the sweet smell of apples washed over me. The warm air felt soothing and I decided to take a shower and wash off the day of travel. Exiting the shower I felt renewed and with a towel wrapped around my waist I headed out to the patio to have a cigarette. The night air felt sensual on my almost dry body. The air passing under my towel felt so nice on my manhood. I began thinking about the young girl in the book and my cock started to grow. Feeling I was in a private setting, I took the towel off and stood there naked looking out into the orchard. Thinking of that tight young pussy wrapped around my cock got me going and I began to stroke myself. Looking down I noticed my head getting bigger and with each stroke my shaft began to enlarge, a small pearl of dew appeared and as I massaged it all over my head my body began to tingle, it felt so good to hold myself. With each stroke I imagined myself exploring her sweet, wet pussy. Pumping in and out watching her lips engulf my hard shaft..a noise, then from the orchard I heard what sounded like a young girl giggling. They were difficult to locate but I could barely see the outlines of two young girls in sheer white dresses. They ran off and I could see the sheer fabric flowing in the night air. In an instant they had vanished. The mood somewhat dashed I decided to get dressed and go to the bar for a drink.
Arriving at the Hacienda Cantina I noticed Arianna; she looked exquisite. She was wearing a simple but elegant black dress, a pearl necklace, small earrings and her long blonde hair cascaded over her shoulders, her eyes twinkled and her smile invited me over. Her body was fit and the dress showed every curve. Her sex was certainly on display but in a very classy way. Next to her was an extremely provocative woman with richly colored skin like dark chocolate and eyes as green as emeralds. Turns out she's a flight attendant as well and her name was Marta. I sat next to them, ordered all of us a couple of drinks and the next hour passed in a flash. It was getting late and as we said goodbye to each other she handed me a card and said to me "30 minutes". Not seeing that coming I looked at the card; in her handwriting all it said was "Room 312".
Picking up the bottle of wine and two glasses from the bar I headed back to my room to freshen up a bit. Even though it was late I decided to call my sister to burn a couple of minutes while I waited. She answered and sounded like I had just caught her after running a marathon. I told her I'd be staying away for a couple of days and to enjoy herself. She replied with a giggle and told me her best friend Kristen had her face buried deep in her wet pussy and was on the verge of a mind blowing orgasm. I told her to enjoy and hung up smiling, thinking we were both getting lucky tonight.
Two knocks on the door and it opened. There she was, standing in a white sheer dress revealing her gorgeous body, classical music cascaded out of the door like a rush of jasmine incense. Her nipples where standing at attention and the dark outlines completely visible forming little top hats that where begging to be swallowed whole. She invited me in and as she turned the light revealed her supple ass cheeks dancing as she gracefully walked into the room. Arianna was stunning, but entering the room I was overtaken to see what was a beautifully designed room.
It was enormous, Mexican tile work on the walls and floors, mirrors all over, fine art, and antique furniture littered the room. Facing the bed was an enormous mirror that went floor to ceiling but that is not what caught my eye. The oversized bed was covered in a plastic cover and the room was filled with dozens of candles that illuminated the room with a soft warm light. The balcony door was open and again the sweet smell of apples filled the room. Standing on the balcony she motioned me outside and very sensually put one finger to her soft pouty lips as if to motion to not say a word. I put down the wine and as she walked to me my body began to swell with excitement. She touched my face with her delicate hands and kissed me softly at first but began to get more assertive with every swirl of her tongue. She then bit my lip and her hands grabbed my crotch quite forcefully.
Ripping my clothes off she began to breath heavily and I began to smell her wetness. She was stroking me to full mast while she undressed with her free hand; the dress dropped, she lowered herself and began to suck the head of my cock. Her hands squeezing my nipples, she slowly slid all of me inside her mouth, I could feel myself deep in the back of her throat as my head caressed the warm soft flesh. Forcefully, she began to ravage my tool with her beautiful face as she looked up at me with her dazzling blue eyes; she stopped, turned around and pointed to the bed.
There was Marta completely naked with a curious grin on her face and a strap on dildo in her left hand. Arianna stood, grabbed my cock like a leash and led me over to the bed. They kissed, soft at first but began to get more passionate with every caress of their lips. Throbbing at full attention I watched as they massaged each others breasts. Marta's breasts were large and had dark nipples the shade of coffee. Arianna was now sucking them and Marta motioned me over and began to stroke my tool. I reached around and slapped Arianna's ass and she bent over exposing her dripping pussy. I gently slide two fingers inside of her with the drops of dew now dripping down my hand she pushed Marta back on the bed.
Marta spread her legs to reveal a crimson pussy that looked like a red velvet painting. Arianna's face disappeared into her snatch and with one leg now on the bed offered her sweet pussy to me; the dew dripped off the delicate leaves of her low hanging fruit. As she bent over she spread her round perfectly shaped ass to reveal a stunningly wet, glistening pussy. The large, rose colored lips covered with sweet nectar made me feel like a honey bee being called home to a tantalizing flower. Leaning down I buried my face into her ass and with my tongue began to slurp up the delicate nectar. Her body writhing with pleasure I spread her flower petals with the head of my cock and watched as her lips parted and my cock slide into her warm, firm snatch.
Marta was massaging her nipples and Arianna was licking her clit while ramming two fingers deep into Marta's wet cavern. She grabbed the back of Arianna's head and began to grind and moan, begging for more. Her hips swaying back and forth with the same rhythm Arianna had with me deep inside of her. Then it began; Marta with a high pitched squeal began to shake and the hot rush of orgasm started to spray Arianna's face as she pulled back to watch Marta's pussy quiver. Furiously massaging her clit, each convulsion of her pussy sent streams of hot fluid onto both of us.
Arianna's wetness began to run down my shaft and onto my balls which where banging lusciously against her ass making motions that looked like ocean waves. She gasped each time I went the full length inside her, massaging her tits she began to moan and the first wave of orgasm was upon us. She began to shake as she wildly massaged her clit, her pussy tightening around me, I could feel her pulsing and then with a loud prolonged moan she began to squirt. Her pussy was unbelievably tight as a cascading shower of juice poured out all over my cock, my balls, my legs, her legs, the bed, and the floor. It was as if a fire hose was unleashed and the pulsing streams of fluid kept coming, with each convulsion she moaned even louder.
My manhood ready to explode, my shaft and head engorged to full capacity she pulled me out, and threw me on the bed. I landed in Marta's sticky puddle and as Arianna mounted me I noticed Marta putting on the strap on. Marta grabbed my cock and squeezed it firmly to pull out droplets of precum that she used to moisten the large rubber cock she was wearing. She spread Arianna's luscious lips and placed me back inside her. Slowly, Arianna began to move up and down my shaft, once deep inside she turned and motioned to Marta. Arianna leaned down on my chest and spread her ass for Marta. With the tip moistened with my juice, Marta gently slid the rubber member into Arianna beautiful asshole; I could feel it pressing against my cock inside of her. The dark chocolate hands reached around and began to massage Arianna's breasts and she rammed the fake cock deep into her ass. Her pussy began to squeeze my cock and I could feel another orgasm boiling inside of her. Marta sensed it as well and with a loud clap slapped her ass, not once but continued as Arianna started to scream with pleasure. The juices unleashed and poured all over my cock with her pussy contracting like she was in labor; loud screams of pleasure filled the room. Marta pulled out of Arianna's ass and she collapsed into a fetal position; shaking and moaning.
Marta smiling reached down and took all of me deep into her mouth, my body tensed and creamy ropes of cum slid down her tongue and washed down the back of her throat. My head emptied with spasms into her as the lovely lips held me captive. Her mouth full, she stood and kissed me swapping my hot sweet cum in our mouths as her tongue explored our lips. Standing there rubbing her clit and writhing like a panther on a hunt: eyes squinted, body arching, her lips full red, cum dripping from her mouth and wet she began to cover me with even more streams of sweet nectar. As she drenched my body I could feel the warmth of her juice encasing me as I looked out across the orchard. They were hard to see at first but as the nectar from Marta slowly washed over me I could see two young girls standing near a tree, completely naked, looking right up at us. I blinked a few times and tried to focus but the outlines seemed to vanish in the night. Maybe my mind was cloudy from the intense orgasm.
Marta turned to Arianna who was now wearing the rubber member; she dove on the bed into the sticky pool of desire, splashing around and covering her nubian body with the sweet nectar. Her dark body glistened with shimmering highlights like the moon's rays dancing on the sea. Arching her back she opened her bright red lips and slide a finger in her hole to get her finger slippery with her sense of woman. I reached over and spread her ass cheeks as she removed her finger and plunged in into the little wrinkled donut of an asshole. Her pink hole a bright contrast to her dark body looked delicious. Now lubed up she returned to fingering her beautiful snatch.
The air was sweet with sex and I felt my body stir watching these gorgeous vixens make love without saying a word. Arianna began to rub the head of the dildo on her tight little hole. Pressing firmly the hole began to open accepting the girth of the rubber head. The head slowly disappeared and Marta pushed back to burry even more of the latex lover deep into her tight cavern of lust. With each thrust her tight ass would release and then grasp the dildo; she began to pant while her ass was being violated with rhythmic strokes of desire. Marta spun around keeping the dildo inside her and was now looking at Arianna with an intense look of passion. Arianna slid the dildo out of her ass and slammed it deep into Marta's soaked pussy making her wince with excitement. Feverously, Marta and Arianna started to kiss and make love to each other. It was tantalizing to watch such beautiful women compose a symphony of love like one of Beethoven's great arias. I watched with intrigue and pleasure for the next hour.
We decided to shower, have a glass of wine and call it a night. They had to leave early in the morning and it was very late. Marta and I went to the shower and Arianna made a quick call then joined us for a wonderfully sensual full body shower complete with bath oils, candle light, and mind-blowing tongue exploration. Coming out of the shower I just caught a glimpse of two young ladies leaving the room. The plastic cover on the bed was replaced with Egyptian cotton sheets, turned down and the patio table had three glasses of wine waiting for us. What a nice surprise.
Day 2
The light was flooding the room with warmth and the gentle songs of birds woke me; it was quiet, peaceful, with the smell of apples once again filling the air. I arose, stretched and walked out on the patio naked. On the table was a carafe of coffee and breakfast.; a single rose in a vase with a note leaning against it. Pouring a cup of coffee I sat, curiously reaching for the note. It read: "Thanks for a wonderful evening! Looking forward to exploring more with you, and hopefully Marta if she is available. Enjoy your stay and I'll see you in a couple of days. This is my personal suite and I've had your things brought up. It's my treat so if you need anything just let Valentina know. She will take great care of you! Arianna"
The shower was rejuvenating and as I finished breakfast I began to think about the girls in the orchard. Who where they? What were they doing there? Just being young voyeurs? Where they even real or just my wild imagination?
Thinking of the night with Arianna and Marta began to get me aroused. Sitting on the patio with the gentle breeze covering my body got me all the more excited. I began to gently tickle my chest until my nipples were hard, licking my fingertips I caressed each one until fully erect. My body began to tingle. Even though the time spent with them was incredible I do appreciate my alone time to fantasize and masturbate to full orgasm. I began to think what the dildo would feel like inside me or what if that was an actual cock spreading me wide and filling me full. Leaning back in the chair I watched as my cock become full, my shaft smooth with a hint of veins running down either side. Gripping with my hand and slowing stroking up and down, cupping by balls with my other hand I could feel my head beginning to enlarge. It was thick in my hand and as the little droplets came out of the tip I began to massage my large purple head with the moist, sticky drops. The precum was smooth and the breeze blowing on it felt like a soft whisper. I began stroking with both hands watching my head bob up and down with each stroke, pulsing with a rhythm my back began to arch, my breathing heavy, I was getting close...
...from the main room I heard a gasp...I turned to see the maid staring wide eyed at my cock. I froze, my cock throbbing with my heart beat, she just stood there holding a set of bath towels. She was young, silky smooth skin, radiant blonde hair, dazzling blue eyes, and a slender body like a ballerina. She then smiled and said "sorry" but walked closer to me. Confused, I reached for my bath towel to cover up and apologized for not hearing her come in. She sat on the edge of the bed, put down the towels , said her name was Paloma and to my surprise asked if she could watch me stroke myself.
I asked her if she knew about masturbation and she replied that she did and liked to do it herself but had not seen a grown man do it and she was very curious. I then asked her how long she'd been standing there watching me. She said that upon entering she could see that someone was on the balcony but didn't see much until she had walked closer and gasped. I then asked her if she had ever had sex and she replied that she had messed around with a couple of her girl friends and that a boy had indeed touched her and inserted his penis inside of her but that they were just exploring each others bodies and it didn't last long. I could see the burning desire in her eyes as she rustled on the edge of the bed. I moved a chair closer to the edge of the bed and dropped my towel to expose my manhood. I sat back in the chair and began to slowly slide my hand up and down the shaft.
Her eyes opened widely and she rustled some more. Watching, she began to lick her lips with every stroke. I noticed her start to breath heavier and her nipples became erect, still rustling and moving her legs I figured she was starting to get moist. She softly rubbed her left breast and her other hand went down on the top of her mound, she rustled again and let out a soft sigh. I continued to slowly stroke, I had swollen to a full erection with my head now throbbing with my heart beat, ever steady I continued to glide my hand up and down my shaft for Paloma. She stood, took off her blouse and dropped her skirt, standing there only in her bra and panties. A pensive yet lustful look washed over her delicate young face. One hand disappeared under her panties as her eyes closed slightly, mouth open she leaned closer to me and whispered in my ear "I'm going to cum for you".
Keeping steady I took her left hand and placed it on my cock, she could feel the pulsing and began to glide her small fingers around my thick piston. She stopped, took off her bra and panties and kneeling down in front of me began to spread her supple legs. Paloma put a finger on each side of her glorious lips and spread them open revealing a tender little rose bud that was now firm with the folds of her lips parting to beckon a gentle touch of her fingertip.
Her breasts were small, firm and the nipples swollen with an innocent pink tint. There was a small patch of blonde hair above her moistened slender pussy lips; they glistened with desire as she massaged her clit. The crystal blue eyes gazing toward me, watching me swell with every stroke. Her lips getting thicker and darker she began to shudder and then with a tenuous moan began to shake; I could see her delicate young pussy contracting with every pulse of her orgasm. Almost ready to explode she laid on the bed in front of me and invited me inside her. I stood, walked to her and began to rub my head on her slippery lips. As Paloma continued to rub her clit I gently pushed my head into her corridor of lust, slowly her smooth lips opened and began to wrap around my manhood.
My girth stretching her tender lips like a tight glove, my shaft inched very slowly into the warm, slippery smooth interior of her pink fortress. Gazing upon her lips around my thickness sent me into the stars and as I fully entered her she began to shake with passion. The sight of her was sensual and innocent with her face showing pleasure, her hips rocking back and forth while her fleshy petals squeezed my tool even tighter. The light came through the window and covered her young body like a soft cashmere blanket. Her eyes a brilliant blue as she looked up into mine; her body was shaking and as I pulled my manhood out of her exquisitely tight pussy, my seed exploded across her stomach like a pearl necklace that had been broken on her tender innocent flesh. My cock throbbed as the pearls spread out on her firm belly. She arched her back with gasps of release as her own orgasm exploded throughout her body. The perfectly shaped mound with a little blonde tuft of hair and luscious rose petal lips quivering like the leaves of a tree in Autumn. Yes, she was beautiful! Exhausted, Paloma had fallen asleep, I covered her with a blanket, gave her a gentle kiss on the forehead, and went to take a shower.
After a very long shower to relax and get my wits about me I entered the room and noticed she had left. I dressed and headed down to the front office and asked Valentina if she could arrange a taxi into the city. We talked a bit and I explained that I had a business appointment and would probably have dinner with a client and I'd be back late. She said if I needed anything when I got back to just let her know. 10 minutes later the taxi was there and into the city I went. During the ride my mind was spinning about the recent events; mostly Paloma. The meeting went well but the dinner was canceled so I headed back to the Hacienda.
Walking into the lobby I was greeted by Valentina, it was 4:30. She asked how it went and wondered why I was back so early; I explained. As I turned to go to my room she asked if I'd like to join her for a drink. I said I'd be back down but she insisted that we go and have on now. Seemed odd but I accepted and we headed to the bar, ordered drinks then headed out to a nearby patio. I noticed how sexy she was, the sparkle in her green eyes, radiant red hair, and beautifully raised cheek bones that gave her face a very beautiful look. Her body was petite with perfectly sized breasts wearing a low cut blouse and showing just enough cleavage to not be slutty. She wore a thin sheer white skirt and I could tell that she had a remarkable body. I must have been looking too long because she then asked me if I liked what I saw. Surprised and a little embarrassed I said yes and apologized for looking at her so closely. She laughed it off and then replied with a simple, yet pointed question. She asked what I thought of Arianna's exquisite pussy.
Speechless, I just looked at her and awkwardly smiled. Valentina then began to tell me how much fun they'd both had with each other and that she really enjoyed watching us the other night. How wonderful it was to see Arianna squirt all over my cock, also mentioning how much she'd like a chance at Marta with her super wet pussy. I thought to myself, she was not young enough to be one of the girls outside and how did she know what happened. I figured Arianna told her but when I asked she said they had not talked since Arianna had left. Perplexed, I began to ask more questions but as I began to speak she looked at her watch. It was 5:00 and she stood, grabbed my hand and led me back inside through the bar, back to the lobby, and around a corner to her office. Inside her office now she pulled out a book from a bookcase on the back wall, opened it and extracted a large brass key that looked like it was right out of King Arthur's palace. Motioning to be quiet we walked to the opposite wall where a small passageway led down a narrow hallway and ended at a spiral staircase. We climbed up around the stairs exiting into a smaller hallway that took us to another staircase, up we went but this time it ended at a large wooded door with a magnificently ornamental lock right in the middle of it. She looked at me with a sheepish grin, turned and placed the key inside the lock and twisted. Valentina pushed the door open and as we walked in I was stunned and amazed.
The room we were now standing in had 20 foot ceilings, bookcases from floor to ceiling, classical artwork, antiques, three couches, six chairs, a writing desk and computer desk. The forward wall was covered with a thick red velvet drape with gold tassels adorned on each side and had two chairs facing the drapes. She motioned me to sit, fixed us a drink, and looked at her watch as she sat down. I began to speak but she just motioned with one finger to her lips to be quiet. The end table between us had a lamp two granite coasters for our drinks and a small remote of some sort. Valentina whispered "are you ready? and with that pressed one of the buttons on the remote.
The drapes began to pull apart as if we were at a Broadway play and behind the curtains was a two-way mirror that was enormous. Looking through the mirror I saw the inside of room 312 and a clear view of the entire room where Arianna, Marta and I had been last night. I now knew that Valentina had been right here watching us the whole time. As I looked into the room I saw my suitcase and a couple of personal items, that's when two young girls wearing sheer white dresses walked into the room giggling and then a third person behind them walked into view. He was medium height, slender and completely naked with a raging hard-on, not to large but a very nice proportion to his body. They were all laughing and smiling when I noticed one of the girls was Paloma.
She was telling the boy to get the chair and put it by the edge of the bed as she kissed the other younger girl. She was petite with short auburn hair, green eyes and slender like Paloma. They began to kiss as the young boy sat down and began to masturbate in front of them. Paloma took the other girls dress off and seated her on the edge of the bed where she had been earlier in the day and then Valentina whispered to me, "look familiar?".
I stood, not believing what was happening just a few feet from us, I turned to face Valentina and she was getting undressed and said to me that the girl on the bed was her young daughter Amelia and the youthful boy was the lifeguard at the pool and his name was Spencer. I turned to see Amelia legs spread, joyfully massaging her little red button of a clit, Spencer stroking his cock, and Paloma sitting next to Amelia rubbing her clit while caressing her breasts. Paloma moved closer to Amelia and began to kiss her neck ever so gently as she reached over to touch her young wet snatch. Amelia's eyes widened as Paloma slipped a finger deep into her moist hole. First one, then two fingers stretching her virgin pussy. Paloma went inside her deeper and faster and Amelia's hips began to rock back and forth as they both watched Spencer play with his rigid member.
Valentina stood in front of me completely naked with a sultry smile on her face. Her body was amazing and looking down at the gentle folds of her completely shaved snatch I began to become fully aroused. I pulled my cock out and began to stroke. Valentina dropped to her knees and engulfed my shaft with her delicate mouth. She slowly swirled her tongue around my head, grabbing the shaft with her tiny hand; the stroking and her mouth sent waves of ecstasy throughout my body. Valentina gently pushed me back into the chair and mounted me like she was getting ready to ride a bull at the rodeo. Reaching down between her legs she took my very hard cock and used it to spread her soaking wet pussy. She winced as the entire shaft disappeared into the warm flesh of her hole, the juices began to run and that's when she got close to my face and whispered in my ear...
"What do you think Arianna will think of you fucking her daughter this morning?"