"WAIT!"
Monica Gift danced over the scalding hot asphalt, her bare feet tortured by the heat.
Her three friends had raced ahead of her after the local "Belltower" Police Officer had busted her for her nudity and lewd sexual acts in public. Even if she wasn't on edge over it her friends were.
Ryan Quinones had the trunk of his car open ready to throw in her blanket and bag when he heard her yell out to them. He stopped cold and the three of them looked back at her.
"Stop!" She added.
Friend Shane calls back, "Hurry up. Lets get out of here before that Cop changes his tune. You can't be arrested or your parents will kill all of us."
Reaching Holden, Monica literally jumps on to his back and tangles her legs around his waist. Her feet were raw and needed to get off the concrete. His hands gripped her upper legs to support her.
"Noooooooooo! I can do more. That Officer gave me free reign as long as he's on duty here at the Park."
Ryan rolls his eyes at her, "Seriously? He said every other week. We can come back in two weeks. Don't push your luck Monica."
"It's YOU who should be PUSHING me, Mister. I'm trying to stay naked dammit."
Shane eases in behind her and eyes her ass hovering above Holden's. He felt mischievous and took his pinky and silently slipped it up her anal cavity. He yells, "MALAMUTE!!"
The shock made her scream and squeal at the same time. Swatting at Shane she gave him a look that killed.
"Don't do that to me." She pouted even though she knew the dog was a female the whole notion of a canine gave her the shivers.
Laughter all around at her expense made her get moody real fast.
She vacates her savior in Holden and grabs her blanket from Ryan. She then headed back toward the grassy area. The Cop luckily had left the vicinity.
Groaning Ryan hauls her bag back to her as she lays her blanket back out in another sunlit area of the Park.
"This is crazy, Monica."
"I know. I know. I just can't help myself. Knowing that Cop turned the other cheek gives me confidence. Give me an hour longer. If we see him come back I'll pack up and go. Okay?"
"One hour. I'm timing you."
She bats her eyes at him and races to hug his arm.
"Thank you Master." She giggles.
Returning to his car he closes the trunk and leans on the fender well to talk with his friends.
"She's getting out of control." Holden acknowledges.
Shane agrees, "Dude. I never imagined she would become this slutty."
"It's her life. We agreed to help her so unless you guys are backing out, that's what we do." Ryan frowns.
"Who's backing out. I just know we should get to fuck her more often too. Everyone else is getting some." Shane quips.
"Are either of you even worried about her getting knocked up? Or, catching an STD?" Holden stresses.
Ryan scowls, "I've been on her to use condoms more. She's listening more at least."
The three continue their concerns in private. All eyes watching Monica laying out and oiling herself up until glossy. No matter what their worry, she kept their interest.
Out in the grass Monica observed the Park's groundskeepers on large mowers. They were at least 30 years of age she decided. Two of them were circling around tree trunks and bushes. One of them noticed her and pulled next to the other keeper to point her out. They were far from appalled. Smiles were evident.
Regardless of their paths the two rode their mowers closer until they got a better view of her. She fluttered her fingers in their direction and continues oiling herself. They tended to circle her like vultures uncertain whether or not she should be prey.
Monica became frustrated by their reluctance. Her body couldn't become anymore tempting. She was out of her mind horny. Finally she sifted through her bag and removed her life sized realistic dildo and wagged it toward them. Once she knew they had seen it she lowered it between her legs and put it to good use. It filled her pussy as if a real stud had penetrated her. From the point of entry to each and every exit, she contorted her body with a dance of desire. Her moans became loud cries of need and temporary fulfillment.
Finally the two men broke. They drove over and pulled to each side of her and enjoyed the show up close.
Turning their mowers off to hear her better they began to encourage her.
"Fuck that pussy." One ordered with expectation.
"Cum all over that dildo." Added the other.
She couldn't agree more as she arched her back to cum, in the process bellowing out, "I need the real thing."
The men look at each other then scan about the area. They had parked their riding mowers in a blocking arrangement from the street. Deciding to dismount their rides the two men decide to take the ultimate risk. Both kneel down beside her, before sprawling out to each side. Laying close they caressed her body as she continued her dildo's adventure.
"Fuck me." She trembled at their touch.
The two broke easily. One man slithered his pants down and revealed his six inch cock. He started to roll toward her when she told him of the condoms in her bag. Both men made use of them. It was the smart thing to do.
She removed the dildo and tosses it into her bag in favor of their readiness. As one man rolls her over on top of him she rears up to ride his cock. Her stunning 34DDD's bouncing unrestrained captured the other man's attention. His hands gliding up her tummy to caress the shifting mounds of flesh.
After a few minutes the second man forces her body over his friends and crouches behind her. He was intent on double penetration. In her favor was the fact the man was only five inches long and moderately narrow in girth. Terrified by his aggression to nudge her over the man on the bottom, she felt the man she was riding coil his arms around her upper body and hold her firmly to his chest. This gave his buddy the perfect aim. With a spit lubrication he eases his cock into her ass tightly. It would take slow movements to build her bravery to take it. She grit her teeth and cursed under her breath. It hurt but she told herself to overcome it.
The men designed their penetrations like a seesaw effect. One in one out, one in, one out. The maneuver made her brain reel.
For five minutes they managed to get her in tune with them. Her screams of ecstasy overwhelming her senses. In a roar of sensitivity she snarls, "I LOVE ANAL!"
The two men chuckled and almost simultaneously detonated into their condoms. Regardless she felt both men torpedo into her. The man on top pulls out and removes his condom and drops over on to his back beside his friend.
Monica crawls off of her ride and sprawls out over the second man and begins sucking his dick. After a lengthy devour she chooses to lovingly roll her tongue over his foreskin and down over his balls. It was there she lingered to offer them her needy gaze of unblinking eyes. Playfully she flicked her tongue like a lizard over his scrotum. Her gaze while taunting him made the man ready to jizz yet again. He knew he wanted too.
Her right hand shifted over to stroke the other man. She would then trade off and treat both to the same tongue lashing. Her endeavor succeeded. Both men frothed over their crowns a second time.
Monica's tongue drank deep of both until nothing was left but a glossy pair of crowns.
The duo sat up and pulled her into a grateful embrace between the three of them.
Finally, Monica sat up on her knees proudly.
"I want to drive a mower."
The younger male chuckled, "Go for it. Just be careful."
Clapping rather giddily she jumped up and skipped to the closest riding lawnmower and sat in the leather seat. The men took just long enough to ditch their condoms on her blanket and get dressed, before joining her to explain the controls. Once she felt sure of her abilities she put the mower into motion and headed straight for the sidewalk along the busy street. The men had a healthy laugh at her boldness. Here was a sweet young Goddess driving totally nude right out along the road for the entire city to witness.
That they did. Multiple cars drove by honking and whistling. It was a combination of men and women. Sadly, one car contained children but luckily they were more interested in their video games on their cells. Their parents kept them from looking but not without enjoying their own observations.
Monica cut a long swath of grass before heading back to the men awaiting her. Pulling up along side the second mower she put on the brake and let the man take over.
She offered them a succulent kiss each then let them be on their way.
The second they vanished Monica jumped for joy until Ryan joined her.
"Had enough Whore?" He frowned.
"NEVER!!" Monica screamed and raced into Ryan's arms.
He was amazed by her sudden acceptance of who she was becoming. The reluctance of sex in her exhibitions had long faded away. She wanted the world to see her in every facet. At every angle.
"Oh my God, Ryan. Anal was awesome. You need to fuck me in the ass. Right now!" She tugged him toward the blanket until he grabbed her by the wrist and forced her to calm down.
"NOT GONNA HAPPEN. CHILL ALREADY."
She pouted, "You don't want me?"
"Of course I do. But, I'm not as bold as you Monica. Let's head home, I'll fuck you there. So will Holden and Shane if you want them to."
Whimpering she notices the local Police Officer returning from his donut run and loses her nerve. She knew he might create grief for her even though he seemed less inclined to create problems. Another day might be better she thought.
"Fine! Help me pack up. I'm ready to go."
He sighs thankful for her change in tune.
"I'm riding home naked though. Take the Interstate. I want to tease Truckers."
As they roll up her blanket and head for the car he chuckles, "Too bad we didn't bring Shane's truck. You could have gotten into the bed and masturbated for the Truckers to see more clearly."
Her eyes flare wide, "I Sooooo want to do that."
"Next weekend?" He ventures.
She fidgets thinking that Brock Quinones, Ryan's Father might come through for her Bar fantasy. Sulking slightly she agrees, "Sure." She could always alter her plans.
Once inside the car Monica rode shotgun.
The ride home led to many a Truck drivers dreams.
Her dildo mooning through the passenger window brought on the blaring of horns.
Fun times.