AUTHOR'S NOTE: "Passing Strange" is a series of erotic stories devoted to graphic sex — and a few thoughts on sex & myth, sex & magic, and sex & the supernatural.
The first of these tales, "The Lust Goddess..." has Club Med Martinique, a global gathering point for the hopelessly single, as it's setting. Rob can't believe his luck. In the first day, he has sex with two beautiful women and one mysterious Lust Goddess.
Wendy, is a tight little college student. Gina, a tall and willowy single mom. The Lust Goddess is a creature of magic, whose invisible power amplifies sensation and turns everyone under her spell into eager voyeurs and exhibitionists.
The Goddess inhabits a hidden palm grove, a realm of shadowy darkness and light. A place where Yin and Yang merge in perfect harmony.
After their first taste of magic, Rob, Gina and Wendy want more. But tonight the Lust Goddess is working on behalf of far darker and more ancient powers. The Greek God Pan is staging a triumphant and orgiastic return to earth.
Have Rob, Wendy, and Gina been picked merely for Pan's gratification?
Or is some deeper, timeless evil at work?
###
For my thirtieth birthday, I give myself a week at Club Med.
Work is going great. Youngest partner in the firm, and all that. Personal life? Not so much. Samantha left with my best friend a while ago.
The airport lounge is filled with college students sprawled across two, sometimes three, chairs. 'Good work, Einstein! You picked Spring Break Week. Well, think of all the lovely eye candy at the nude beach. Now, if only one of these hot girls has the seat next to me.'
But it's a seven-year-old kid in a Yankees cap who vaults over my legs and into the seat. Moments later, a pretty girl in skinny jeans, braless breasts, and a magnificently flat stomach, curls into the seat across the aisle. 'So near. Yet so far. Anyway, I'd spend four hours intently memorizing her life story, and she won't even remember my name.' Been there already.
Turning to the little Yankee fan, I ask if he's ever seen Arron Judge hit a home run. That starts an animated conversation that goes nonstop until the stewardess puts Mac and Cheese on his seat-back table. Occasionally, I make eye contact with Johnny's Mom, who never stops smiling at me.
"How'd you do that?" she asks quietly, leaning over Johnny, who has fallen asleep with half a slice of carrot cake still on his plate. "He's so angry at me for taking him away from his friends, I haven't heard more than five words all week."
Her name is Gina. A single mom. Somewhere in her late thirties. Violet eyes the color of summer Lilacs and the kind of sexy-but-vulnerable smile that makes you want to do anything to help her out. "Just talk baseball with him," I tell her. "Johnny knows more about the Yankees than some sportswriters."
Her crestfallen look says my idea isn't exactly music to her ears. Before I can consider the implications for my vacation, I blurt, "It's not that hard. I can teach you."
"Oh, god yes. That would be amazing," she says reaching over Bobby and slipping her soft, warm fingers into my hand. "How long will it take?" Her voice is an expressive contralto, as sexy as a slippery, wet thong. From the tip of a tongue that peeks between cherry-red lips to the to an inner glow that you just can't get from makeup, Gina exudes a quiet promise of good things yet to come.
"A couple hours a day. Plus homework, of course. You'll need to start reading the sports pages in the 'Post' and 'Daily News,' along with the 'Bleacher Report' and 'Baseball Reference,'" I tell her, gazing at her faded cut-off jeans and wondering, and I mean literally, what it would be like to get into Gina's pants.
Would her panties be moist and warm? Is she shaved, or does it match the pale gold color of her hair? Will she whimper as my fingers explore deep inside her?
"I can handle that," she says, her smile dripping in innuendo. Or is it just me? Anyway, can't help myself. I imagine Gina throwing a blanket over my lap and unzipping me on the spot. From the knowing glint in her eye, I can swear Gina is thinking it too. "How can I possibly repay you?" she asks in a tone so sublimely sexy that my cock twitches in response.
"I'm sure we can work something out," I tell her, raising an eyebrow.
"I'm sure we will," she replies, gently massaging my hand with her warm fingertips. "So let's get started," she smiles. "Who the hell is Aaron Judge?"
Gina is a clean slate. A baseball virgin. She thinks Babe Ruth is a candy bar, Mickey Mantle was an old steakhouse on Central Park South, and Joe DiMaggio is someone from a Paul Simon lyric.
But she's quick. By the time we touch down in Martinique, she knows the dimensions of a baseball diamond and has memorized all nine positions, plus the designated batter, as well as the skill sets that, say, separate a first baseman from a shortstop.
We get separated at Customs, and when a G.O. directs me to a shuttle bus, Gina and Johnny are not there. The G.O.s, by the way, are Club Med's activity organizers. Camp councilors for adults.
Their job? Pretty much whatever it takes to make the campers happy. Mostly, they are young, friendly, attractive, multi-lingual, and come from all over the world. The rest of us are the G.M.s, or 'gentile members.' Talk about double entendres. G.M.s come in all ages, shapes and sizes. Some are very full of themselves. Others insecure. Very few are prudes.
On the shuttle bus, I find myself next to Wendy, a nubile little freshman from Boston University. All of five-feet tall. Maybe. But everything in perfect proportion, from pert tits to boyish hips to a magnificently shaped ass. Wendy reminds me why I paid an extra $2,000 for a single bungalow.
I ask the usual stupid questions. How do you like Boston? What are you studying? Favorite band? After that last one, she stops me in my tracks with a question of her own."Will you take me to dinner tonight?" she asks, inflating my ego, before she brings it crashing down. "Those guys won't stop hitting on me," she says glancing at a bunch of jocks in Hofstra Football sweatshirts. "If they think I'm with my Daddy, they'll leave me alone."
Technically, I really couldn't be her Daddy. But there's something about the needy way the word "Daddy" rolls off her tongue that says this is about a whole lot more than fending off horn toads. Anyway, how cool would it be to walk the gauntlet of Tiki torches, Djembe drummers and blissed out G.O.s with a hot eighteen-year-old on my arm?
"No problem," I say magnanimously.
"That's so sweet," she replies, giving me a chaste kiss on the cheek. A moment later my phone chirps. Contact info received. AirDrop is such a wonderful thing.
When the bus arrives, we're greeted by smiling G.O.s offering white wine and cocktails. Several of the hot female G.O.s, including the acrobatics instructor and the head of the sailing program, give me long appraising looks, followed by friendly smiles. I know it's their job to flirt. But I attribute it to my good looks. Or maybe just my seasoned age. I see a couple dozen families, and perhaps two hundred college students, but not many single guys in my age bracket.
Two hours later, I knock on Wendy's door. "It's open," someone calls. At first, all I see is a girl wearing gym shorts, a BU T-shirt, and a computer headset. Then Wendy steps out of the bathroom. She is topless, and nearly bottomless. Only a tiny yellow thong covers her obviously shaved pubes.
'Laurie, meet Rob," Wendy says. I grin at Laurie, who looks up from her computer long enough to give me a cool nod.
"Laura's boyfriend is back in Boston, the two of them are spending the weekend jerking off online," Wendy says in a matter-of-fact tone.
Laurie blushes, but doesn't deny it.
Meanwhile, Wendy's cone-shaped breasts with their hard, pink nipples have my undivided attention. It's all I can do to keep my tongue where it belongs. She holds up a hibiscus-print pareo.
Originally from French Tahiti, the pareo is a rectangular piece of fabric that can be worn as a skirt, or like a full-length sarong. It looks as good on buff guys as it does on hot girls. The ease with which it can be put on and removed, makes it the closest thing Club Med has to an official uniform. Although, it does take a little practice the first couple of times you wear it.
"Want help with that?" I ask.
"Oh, would you?" Wendy grins sheepishly. "I've never worn one of these before."
I wrap the pareo around her and tie it off with a square knot over her right shoulder. Wendy's nips poke through the thin cotton. This time I really can't help myself. I reach up with both hands and roll her pouty little nipples gently between my thumbs and forefingers. I'm prepared for the worst, like a knee to the groin. But Wendy's eyes flutter closed, she sucks in a deep breath and moans softly.
My fingers spread out, cupping her entire breasts while I pinch those hard little nips. The moan grows deeper and more satisfied. "Oh, Daddy, yes!" she whispers in my ear.
"Don't get her started," Laurie says sharply. "I'm the one who needs some privacy to rub one out with my sweetie, remember?"
Gradually, Wendy's eyes open, and they are aglow with lust. "OK, babe, we're outta here," she tells Laurie. "Save a little good lovin' for me."
"For you, always," Laurie promises as I open the door for Wendy.
"Is Laurie your roommate at BU, too?" I ask.
"Yeah," Wendy answers with a naughty grin. "Roommates with benefits."
The night is warm and sultry and Wendy holds my arm and snuggles against my shoulder. The procession into the dining room moves between two torch-lit lines of G.O.s. All of them toned and tan. Most of the women wear pareos with little, if anything, under them.
We find some of Wendy's BU buddies at a large table. We're working on our third pitcher of house wine when Johnny and Gina appear. With her trim figure, fresh makeup and gold hair in a long French braid, Gina is stunning.
I introduce them to Wendy and her friends and we make room at the table. Johnny launches into a conversation about the Yanks latest pre-season trade. I could be wrong, but every time I glance over at Wendy and Gina, I could swear they're flirting. Meanwhile, young Johnny rattles on about baseball, completely unaware of what a hottie he has for a mommy.
Wendy invites Gina and Johnny to join us for the variety show. It's a chance to see another side of the G.O.s, who have put together a comic circus with jugglers, trapeze artists, fire-eaters and even a sword swallower. It ends in a standing ovation. Gina clearly wants to continue on to the night club with us, but she hasn't arranged for anyone to watch Johnny, so we part ways outside the stage. I promise to find her at breakfast to continue the baseball-speak tutorial.
There's a Reggae band, a good one, on the rambling veranda overlooking the beach. By midnight it is crowded and rowdy.
To my surprise, Wendy never strays off, despite all the young hunks giving her the eye. Is she gay? Somehow that doesn't compute. Not exclusively, anyway. Not with the yearning I sense pouring off of her. A needfulness that's not at all about the soft caring and compassion of another girl.
When we're exhausted from dancing, we find a wicker loveseat. Maybe it's all the Pina Coladas, but within minutes we're making out. Innocently at first, but when I repeat my earlier nipple and breast manipulation, Wendy moans with enough volume to get the attention of some other couples sitting nearby.
"Let's find someplace more private," she whispers, and we wander hand-in-hand down the beach and into a stand of tall coconut palms. Under the canopy of palm leaves, I hear a distant whimpering. Like a child crying. Or a woman having sex. Wendy hears it too, and seems eager to discover the source.
The deeper into the coconut grove we walk, the louder it becomes. Soon there's no doubt that it's from a girl who is very much enjoying herself. From her own labored breathing and the way Wendy clutches my arm, I can tell we're both getting very aroused by this accidental act of voyeurism.
Well, perhaps not entirely accidental.
We find them in a little clearing near the center of the grove. She is visible only in silhouette, although clearly naked and riding her guy cowgirl style. Her breasts bounce and her long hair sways back and forth as she arches her back and grinds her hips. Her breath catches in her throat in a series of whimpers that are close to merging into one long, satisfied moan.
"Let's watch," Wendy whispers with a nervous giggle as she pulls me behind a palm trunk. I wrap her in my arms, and we lean out far enough to see without being easily seen. There's just enough moonlight in the grove that as our eyes adjust, I can make out a few more details. Full, pale breasts with an obvious bikini tan line. Flat stomach, narrow waist, and curvaceous hips and ass. She looks to be in her mid-twenties, although it's hard to tell with her eyes closed and face contorted in beautiful agony.
I feel a momentary flash of guilt for invading her privacy. But it's nothing compared to the bulge expanding between my legs. My arms are already wrapped around Wendy, making it easy to squeeze her naked breasts through the thin cotton of her pareo. She nestles her head into my shoulder and tries to stifle her own moans.
As the girl in the clearing grinds her boyfriend with increasing urgency, I press my cock against Wendy's tight ass. She responds by thrusting herself into me, and soon we are doing some serious grinding. I slide my right hand across her stomach and down her abs. But when I slip my fingers into her thong, I'm in for a surprise. There's already a hand there, one that is intently rubbing Wendy's clit.
She looks over her shoulder at me at the same time she grinds her ass against my cock. "Let's do ourselves," she whispers. "Tell me when you're close."
This isn't exactly what I had in mind. But what the hell. Wendy helps me out by unsnapping and quietly unzipping my shorts. I push them down my legs, along with my briefs. She holds my cock briefly, as if taking its measure, and gives me a smile that suggests this is just her idea of an hors d'oeuvre. Then Wendy withdraws her fingers, and I replace them with my own.
The couple in the clearing are nearing climax. The girl leans over her boyfriend and they look into each other's eyes as her moans turn to a loud wail. He replies with a long grunt as their hips freeze in place and she lowers her head onto his chest. For a long time, she caresses his face and murmurs in his ear.
With the show over, I focus on Wendy, who slowly opens her pareo for me, revealing her glorious breasts and busy right-hand thrust deep inside her yellow thong. I can't restrain myself, and before I even realize what I doing, I reach between Wendy's legs and twist her swollen pussy lips between my fingers.
"Oh!" she exclaims. "Oh, Daddy. Fuck, yeah!"
"Daddy?" the girl's voice asks in heavily French-accented English. Her voice is mellifluous and modulated, but in an almost artificial way.
"Not her real Daddy," I say defensively. The couple in the clearing are now sitting straight-backed with crossed legs and watching Wendy and I intently.
"Please, keep going," says the girl. I look at Wendy, who shrugs her shoulders almost imperceptibly, then unties her pareo completely and lets it fall to the sand. 'Fair's fair. We did just watch them, after all.' Feeling a little foolish being naked from just the waist down, I pull my shirt over my head, then look at Wendy, who smiles sweetly as I resume stroking my cock.
I hear my heart pounding and feel the hair standing up on the back of my neck. My body is suddenly on fire, despite the cool night breeze. I feel everyone — Wendy, the French girl, even the guy — watching the way my fingers glide up and down my twitchy cock. While my fist makes only the faintest of dry chaffing sound, Wendy's vigorous fingering produces a symphony of juicy swishes, squishes, and pops. When I hear these in stereo, my eyes open to find the French girl has also buried her fingers between her legs.
Having caught my eye, she gestures for us to come closer. We cross the clearing and stop about three feet away. Again, she waves us closer and closer, until my cock is within inches of her beautiful face. She tosses her long hair back and looks up at me. Her eyelids are heavy with arousal. For the first time, I can see into her dark eyes. Darker than coffee. Darker than night. Empty spheres from which nothing escapes, not even light. Eyes that can pull you in and change your destiny in a heartbeat. I avert my gaze, and try to warn Wendy. But It's too late. Wendy is already captured in their orbit, bound by a force greater than gravity.
Without taking her eyes off Wendy, the French girl parts her lips and her tongue reaches out for me, beckoning, calling. Part of me wants to turn and run and forever forget this moment. But it's too late. The first shot of cum sails across her parted lips and she sucks it neatly into her mouth. The second falls lower, splashing across her tits. The rest goes even lower, covering her forearms and the back of the hands that work feverishly on her pussy.
Moments later, an orgasm takes Wendy. Her toes curl, her back arches and wave after wave of muscle contractions shudder through her tiny frame as she emits an almost cat-like wail in the night. Wendy sinks to her knees in the sand as if in supplication to this strange lust goddess.
Wendy and I clutch each other, trying to call ourselves back to reality. "What just happened?" she asks, her eyes wide with disbelief.
Before I can try to answer Wendy, I feel someone, or something, subtly probing my thoughts. No more obvious than a few drops of warm mist, but foreign. Alien even. When I concentrate, I sense the French girl's dark eyes watching.
"Who are you?" I ask without words.
"You don't know?" she seems amused.
"Not at all," I answer with my thoughts.
"The Lust Goddess of Martinique," she laughs silently. "Younger than you. But older than time. We will see each other again."
Is she putting me on? Something tells me she isn't.
I glance over my shoulder, but she is already gone, although the distinctive fragrance of her sex lingers, along with two sets of footprints heading west, toward the beach. I now see that she was sitting on two fallen palm trunks that are crisscrossed and facing the open clearing, creating a natural amphitheater.
Then I notice something else, partially buried under the sand and trapped by one of the fallen trees.
It takes a few minutes and a little effort to pull it free. But I'm rewarded with an old wool lap blanket. It's seen better days, but as I shake off the sand, even in the dim moonlight I can see a distinctive Greek meander border enclosing an embroidered image of the Greek god Pan. More like an antique than something you'd find in a souvenir shop. Thinking it might be valuable, I fold it carefully before recovering my clothes, and helping Wendy retie her pareo. She trembles with almost orgasmic intensity every time my fingers graze her skin.
"Holy, shit!" Wendy exclaims, as if coming out of a trance. "I came so hard I blacked out. Is that what happened?"
"Pretty much," I say.
"Wasn't there someone else? Someone watching."
"Yes. A French girl and her boyfriend. They took off toward the beach when you passed out. Quite rude of them. These are their tracks," I explain, pointing to the footprints in the sand."
"A beautiful girl. I remember a beautiful girl with dark eyes. So dark..."
"Maybe we can catch up with them," I suggest, taking Wendy's hand and following the tracks through the forest of coconut trees until we emerge onto the beach. The tracks lead across the white strand and down to the water's edge. The French girl, the Lust Goddess as she called herself, and her friend must have followed the tideline one way or the other, but the lapping waves have erased any trace of them.
We find a pair of lounge chairs that have been dragged out of sight in the palms. I spread out the old blanket on one chair and lower Wendy into it while I recline in the other. I've barely caught my breath when that wonderful symphony of swishes, squishes and pops reaches my ears. I look over and find Wendy with her legs splayed apart. Her yellow thong lies nearby in the sand, replaced by busy fingers.
"Come on, Daddy. Don't you feel a horny urge?" she asks.
Actually, I am feeling strangely horny. Not at all what I'd expect twenty-minutes after the most powerful orgasm of my life. But there's no denying nature, and I release my cock, lean back, and close my eyes. I'm fantasizing about the Lust Goddess, replaying the image of her licking my cum off her lips over and over again, when something warm and moist and remarkably tight engulfs my cock. Wendy is astride my hips, riding me cowgirl style.
She might only be eighteen, but tonight Wendy is a love-making prodigy. A Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart of sex. Tiny rhythmic contractions draw me deeper with every thrust. Her fingers are everywhere at once, finding erogenous zones I never knew existed. At some point, I stop wondering how and why and surrender myself to Wendy's remarkable skills. When we finally cum, it is together, and our voices merge into a high-pitched howl like I once heard from a distant pack of California coyotes.
When the rosy Caribbean dawn peeks through the foliage, Wendy is still sleeping naked and curled on top of me, her head nestled into my chest. We're partially covered by her pareo. My back feels as if I've been sleeping on the fiberglass slats, which I have. It takes a good five minutes of naked stretches to get half-way limber.
Wendy never really wakes up as I use that old First-Aid standby, the "human-crutch carry," to get her down the deserted beach, past the infinity pool, and across what seems like a mile of rolling grass lawn to her bungalow. Laurie is sleeping quietly as I tuck Wendy into bed, and back silently out the door, pulling it closed softly behind me.
When I reach my own bungalow, my memories of what happened in the coconut grove are a confused jumble. But I can't forget a night of sex unlike anything I've ever experienced, and with the most improbable of partners. An eighteen-year-old girl with serious Daddy issues. And the spooky truth is that that I think I may be falling in love. But is my affection for Wendy, or some magic power of the Lust Goddess. A spell that transforms ordinary sex into a mystical epiphany. It had all the sensations of a night on Ecstasy, but without the drug.
I look at my watch. Just enough time for two hours sleep and a five-minute shower before meeting Gina for breakfast to continue her MLB survey course.
But, of course, all I can think about is Wendy. Sweet fuckin' Wendy. And the Lust Goddess.
It isn't until much later that I remember the old blanket. Did I leave it on the lounger? Possibly. But the more I think about it, I'm almost positive that when I looked back at the loungers as we left, there was no old Greek blanket anywhere to be seen.
###
Gina and Johnny are already in the beach-front restaurant when I arrive sleepy and starved. After two lobster-tail omelettes, three cups of coffee and six fresh croissants with marmalade, I'm a new man. And Gina is speechless.
"What did you do last night to work up an appetite like that?" she asks, sounding more like a mother than a lover.
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you," I reply.
"Try me!" she says in a stern voice that gets Johnny's attention. He looks from Gina to me and back to his mom, obviously not used to hearing her talk to a stranger in this tone. Seeing Johnny's confusion, she laughs and tells him, "Don't worry, honey, I'm not going to send Rob to his room without breakfast. I mean, what's the point? He's already eaten enough to last all week."
Johnny's look of alarm melts into a relaxed smile. I change the subject by telling him that I saw a batting cage out by the playing fields and can toss him some practice pitches before dinner. Gina's sexy-but-vulnerable smile returns full bore.
We drop off Johnny at the Mini Camp. He already seems to be warming up to the idea that hanging out at home might not be as great as he thought. Inside the Mimi Camp area, a dozen kids are scaling a jungle-gym version of the Matterhorn. We watch for a moment as Johnny joins the other little mountain climbers and soon blends into a sea of scuffling arms and legs and torsos.
I resist the urge to say, "Great kid!" Or some equally inane cliche. Instead, I launch into today's lesson, a brief history of the AL Eastern Division. I'm too busy talking to pay attention to where we're wandering. Gina and I are equally surprised to find ourselves at the nude beach. Although it's only about 10 AM, the scenery is already getting interesting.
The main attraction is a circle of chairs with two cute, albeit somewhat chubby, nude college girls surrounded by six guys with rippling abs and semi-erections. 'You go, girls, I think. Way to get a jump on the competition.' I figure it will be hours before the young foxes start leaving their dens.
"What's that," I ask Gina. "Did I just hear you say 'yummm'?"
"No," she tells me, not taking her eyes of the buff guys. "But I might be thinking it."
"Too bad we don't have our bathing suits," I say, rather stupidly.
"Why?" Gina asks with more of a smirk than a smile.
"Think you can learn without clothes?" I ask.
"I don't know why not," she replies, a naughty sparkle in her eye.
Realizing I'll never be able to compete with a crowd of college jocks, I drag two beach chairs about ten feet back into the partial privacy of the palm grove. Rather shyly, we turn back-to-back and undress. As we face each other, we break out laughing because we are trying so hard not to look like we're checking each other out, while what we're doing is completely checking each other out.
"OK, dammit," Gina giggles. "I'm just going to close my eyes and stand here while I count to one hundred. Look as hard as you want. Then it's my turn."
That's exactly what we do. Gina is tall and willowy, without an ounce of extra weight anywhere, except the tiniest lower tummy roll when she bends at the waist. Her tits are small and pert, her waist narrow, and her hips and butt almost boyishly thin. Just before she finishes counting to one-hundred, I give a little whistle of appreciation that makes her smile.
While it's my turn, I don't keep my eyes entirely closed, and I see Gina paying especially close attention to my pecs, butt, and cock, which thankfully is at a half-mast position. Neither flaccid nor inappropriately erect.
Before we continue with baseball, Gina wants to know what she missed last night. I tell her about the Reggae band, making out with Wendy and wandering back into the palm grove. She insists I share all every detail, and the more she presses me, the more comes back. Especially the scene with the French girl and her boyfriend.
It's hard to tell if Gina is feeling shocked or just lascivious. But she digs out every embarrassing recollection of the strange encounter out of me. Down to the way Wendy used her fingers to touch herself, and how I felt about cumming between the beautiful French girl's parted lips (insanely aroused).
Finally, Gina looks me in the eye. "I don't know if this is some kind of weird joke, Rob. But for a horny mom whose only lover for the past twelve months has been my own fingers, all this talk is making me very, very moist. Let's find this clearing."
At Club Med, there's no need for wallets or cash, and the only thing either of us have in our pockets beside sunscreen lotion are unmarked room key cards. So we fold our clothes and leave them on the loungers, and walk barefoot into palm grove.
We haven't gone more than twenty feet when, like a beloved Yankee used to say, I experience deja vu all over again. By the way she looks at me, Gina hears it too.
Faint moans interspersed with several seconds of silence. Like last night, the deeper we walk into the grove, the louder they become. Finally, we reach the edge of the clearing. Sitting with her back against one of the fallen trees is a naked girl. Thankfully, not my Lust Goddess, but a redhead in her early twenties whose face and breasts are awash in freckles. Kneeling between her legs is a second woman who is obviously doing something with her tongue and fingers.
"Oh, my!" Gina exclaims before she can catch herself. In the light of day, there's nowhere to hide as the redhead's eyes snap open and focus on us. For a moment, she seems inclined to forget about our presence, and I can see her eyes beginning to drift shut.
At the last second, they snap open again, and she taps her lover on the shoulder and points in our direction. The second woman peers at us and there is a moment of whispered discussion before they both hop over the fallen trunk like a pair of cotton-tailed rabbits, and vanish into the grove.
Gina finally takes her hand off her mouth and bursts out giggling. "I'm sorry, Rob. I honestly thought you made the whole thing up just to get me out here with you." As we walk closer to the spot the girls vacated, I notice something peeking from under the sand. The old Greek blanket.
"Wow! Just like you described," Gina says.
"Have a seat," I offer, once I've brushed off the sand. Gina gracefully lowers herself onto the blanket, somehow managing to keep her legs demurely pressed together the whole time.
Too late for one thing, though. During our sixty-second you-show-me-yours, I already discovered that the neatly trimmed strip above her pussy has the same fine blond hair that tumbles past Gina's shoulders.
Gina leans back against the palm trunk, takes in a deep breath, and then exhales with a long and sensual sigh. She slowly opens her legs, looking up at me from under heavy-lids. Her comment about being 'very, very moist' is an absurd understatement.
"Babe," she begins in a whisper. "You know what those girls were doing? Do you think..."
Gina doesn't need to say more. I'm already kneeling between her outstretched thighs, my fingertips moving slowly along her creamy white flesh. Like Wendy, every touch of my fingertips seems to ignite a mini orgasm. Each time my fingers caress her, Gina's thigh muscles contract and shiver and a fresh river of clear liquid gushes down the inside of her leg.
I gently roll my tongue along her outer labia, and Gina's breath catches in her throat. Her musky aroma is like some powerful pheromone, urging my tongue to explore faster and deeper while at the same time directing every drop of available blood to my throbbing cock.
After tracing her outer lips, I slip my tongue between them and work my way into her vagina. Gina responds instantly, her back arches, her hips thrust into my jaw, and her muscles go into a series of spasms that contract like a vice around my tongue. I'm sure she's also mewling and moaning, but with her thighs clamping the sides of my head, my world is strangely silent.
As the contractions gradually recede, I seek out her clit and begin massaging it. Another earth-shaking orgasm engulfs Gina, and this time her entire body twists and convulses like a Pentecostal speaking in tongues.
It takes a long time for Gina to recover, and when she does, I can tell by the lovelight in her eyes, that I am the new focus of her affections. "Oh... my... God..." she finally says. "Oh, my, God!"
"You never..." I prompt her.
"My, God, No! Never. Ever. Nothing even close," she sighs.
"I know," I tell her.
"Oh, poor, baby!" she exclaims, sitting up and reaching for my pulsing cock. I push her gently away, then swing myself into a 69-position.
My cock slides instantly into the warm Nirvana of Gina's mouth. As I'm lowering my head between her thighs, I glimpse movement at the edge of the clearing. It's the six young studs and the two chubby girls, and they are all masturbating like caged gorillas. I pause long enough to wave them closer, if they want. 'What's fair is fair.'
It takes only minutes before Gina is orgasming again, if anything, even more powerfully than before. A fountain of pure girl cum anoints my tongue and lips and cheeks. Then I respond with a fountain of my own, pumping my cum into her mouth until I hear Gina's muffled moans become a desperate gagging sound.
Reluctantly, I withdraw from the ecstatic embrace of her lips and tongue. When I open my eyes, I realize our audience has moved within a few yards. The two girls have collapsed to their knees, hands still between their legs. Most of the guys have thrust their hips forward with white strings of ejaculate still spraying from their cocks.
I help Gina get unsteadily to her feet, turning her away from our audience as she struggles to stand. Then I reach down and grab the edge of the Greek blanket. Once again, it is trapped under the fallen tree, but with several forceful tugs, I manage to rip it free. We wander lost in the palm grove for a few minutes until we eventually emerge onto the beach, not far from our lounge chairs. Gina hangs from my neck with both arms and walks unsteadily as if still in some deep trance. I lower her into her chair, and within minutes we are both sound asleep.
The cool caress of the afternoon trade wind summons me back to consciousness. My watch says 4:15.
On the third try, I succeed in waking Gina. When her eyes open, she looks at me with an adoration that almost breaks my heart because it's not really me she's fallen in love with. It's the magic of the Lust Goddess.
I show Gina my watch, and eventually reality comes flooding back, along with the inconvenient fact that the Mini Camp pickup time was 4 pm.
Pan's Blanket is where I left it, tossed on top of our clothes. An hour later, I jam it into my room safe and arm the heavy door with a personal four-digit code, even though I'd bet my left nut it will be gone when I return.
###
How did I hook up with Wendy and Gina within 24-hours?
Well, that is complicated. For now I just chalk it up to an improbable alignment. The intersection of sex and myth and magic.
Not that it couldn't have happened anyway. Wendy was going to satisfy her Daddy fetish one way or another, and as one of the few older guys around during Spring Break Week, I didn't have much competition. Gina was there for the same reason as me, and I was the one guy who could help with her baseball-obsessed kid.
Wendy and I were drunk, horny and looking for a little privacy when we stumbled into something that sent our libidos into overdrive, our inhibitions on vacation, and amplified the sensations of arousal and orgasm to a level of such unbearable ecstasy that we were exhausted and confused for hours afterward. There was also a beautiful French-speaking girl. The Lust Goddess of Martinique. She must be the one weaving the spell. Wendy and I were her willing sex puppets.
It was the same with Gina, except we started out stone-cold sober at 10 AM, and there was a girl with flaming red curls who decided not to get involved. But our arousal soon reached a roaring boil.
It all happened in a secluded palm grove behind the Club Med nude beach. If there's feng shui for casual sex, this place is at the epicenter. And there's something else. The complicated part. I found an old rug with an embroidered image of the Greek god Pan — half man, half goat, and perpetually toasty.
There is magic in that rug as well. Without a doubt.
So there you have it. The perfect conjunction of sex and myth and magic.
I can't help feeling there's more to it than random luck. When your senses come alive like this, in ways you've never experienced, there has to be a purpose. Some kind of meaning. I want to know. Need to know. But so far, it's like a Rubik's Cube. Every time I think I'm close to the solution, the next twist takes me to another dead end.
Anyway, I'm still trying to sort it all out when I rejoin Gina and her son Johnny at the batting cage where I promised to play baseball with Johnny. After swinging through a few dozen pitches, he runs off to explore the playing fields. Which leaves Gina and I to explore what went down this morning.
"I'm still shaking like a leaf," she confides.
"And wet as a mountain stream?" I ask.
"That, too!" she laughs.
"I wish it were all me. But it's not," I confess. "It's something else. Something about that clearing in the palm grove."
"Can we bottle it up and take it home?"
"I doubt that." I don't mention that I already tried. Twice. The second time was after we returned, and I locked the Pan Blanket in my bungalow safe. I wagered my left testicle it would be gone by dinner. An impulsive bet that I'm beginning to regret.
"When can we go back?" she asks softly, folding her fingers between mine.
"After dinner. But there's one thing..."
"I know. Wendy. Will she mind... sharing you?"
"Hardly. But I better warn you, she swings both ways."
"She told me," Gina sighs. "She wants the three of us to fuck."
"I thought I noticed the two of you flirting at dinner."
"She's a very alluring young woman. And I've never been with another woman," Gina sighs. "Well, not since high school."
"High school?"
"Catholic school sleepovers. Raging hormones. We called it 'make-out practice.' So we'd know what to expect with a boy. My friend and I got a little carried away and had our first orgasms."
"And you've always wondered?"
"Yes," Gina whispers. "And there's something so sensual about Wendy, even though..."
"She's young enough to be your daughter. I know. She calls me her 'Daddy.'"
"So, if I join you tonight?"
"You and Wendy are going to hook up. I guarantee."
"And you, Rob?"
"It's every guy's fantasy. Two beautiful women."
"But you have feelings for her. I can tell."
"Perhaps. But it's very fucked up. Her 'Daddy' thing."
"It could just be her way of dealing with masculinity."
"Maybe. But I think she really wants a Daddy."
"Daddy?" we hear Johnny ask from behind us.
"Yes, Sweetie," Gina says, giving me a conspiratorial look. "We were just saying your Daddy should spend more time playing baseball with you."
"That would be cool," Johnny replies with wide smile.
###
At 7 PM, I knock on Wendy's door. She pulls me inside, wrestles me onto her bed, and has my shorts pulled past my knees before I can object.
"What about Laurie?" I ask, looking at her roommate, who is grinning at us like the Cheshire Cat.
"You can do Laurie, after you fuck me," Wendy says, which isn't at all what I had in mind. Eventually, I convince Wendy to put on her pareo and go to dinner, with a promise that afterward we'll go directly to the palm grove.
Gina joins us, this time without Johnny who's spending the night with a new friend. While I'm talking to a French couple seated with us, Gina and Wendy do a lot of whispering and giggling. After too many carafes of wine, the three of us wander past the long beach-front veranda, and follow the rising full moon to the edge of the palm grove.
"Are you sure about this?" I ask them.
No reply. But they gaze into each other's eyes. Then, without a word, they are kissing. With Gina almost six-feet tall, and Wendy barely five, it's an interesting exercise in feminine contortion. But their lips lock in a deep, soulful tongue kiss. When they come up for air, Gina takes my arm and whispers, "Don't worry, Rob. You're going to love this."
Why wouldn't I?
We enter the grove with enough moonlight filtering through the palm fronds to easily find our way. Very symbolic, all this dappled darkness and moonlight flowing like a restless river beneath our feet.
Darkness and light. Mix the two and what do you have? That is the eternal question, isn't it? Where is the sweet spot between guilt and innocence? The Goldilocks zone where good and evil cancel each other like a pair of equivalent expressions in life's complex equation. The place where Yin and Yang attain perfect harmony.
And how would I know if I find it?
We've only gone a few yards when Gina stops and listens. After a moment, Wendy and I hear it too. A faint melody, barely audible above the rustling palms.
On my previous two visits, I'd been drawn by the sounds of love-making to the clearing that was more or less in the middle of the grove. Tonight is different. We walk for a long time, too long for this small grove, but we never get any closer to the music, which seems to be from some kind of flute.
When the melody finally does grow louder, the sand has turned to rocky soil with the coconut palms giving way to tall pines. Soon, a steep and craggy hill looms into view. More like a Greek Mykonos or Hydra than French Martinique. A winding footpath leads to the crest, where there's the flickering glow of a fire.
This can't be happening. But it is.
I'm about to ask if they want to continue when I feel it. Shivers running down my spine, butterflies in my stomach, a warm tingling between my legs that has my cock slowly unfurling. It only takes one look at the gleam in the their eyes to know Gina and Wendy feel it too.
We climb the hillside under soaring pines, and smaller trees that I don't recognize, until the path brings us next to one. The trunk is ancient, gnarly and twisted with young, egg-shaped fruit hanging from the branches. Olive trees.
The scent of burning wood is on the breeze. Reflected firelight dances in the upper pine branches, and we hear the crackle of flames. Overhead, a stream of red embers floats toward the hovering full moon.
At the summit, clothes have been discarded on both sides of the trail. Some folded neatly, others hurriedly dumped in messy heaps. Wendy tosses her pareo on the ground, with her sandals and thong piled on top. Gina and I take the time to fold our things into bundles. In the pale moonlight, the girls' naked bodies are as perfectly proportioned as a pair of classic Greek sculptures. Wendy, the eager wood nymph, Gina, the mysterious Delphi oracle. Moisture shimmers on their thighs. Their nipples are twisted taught and stiff. So is my cock.
We walk onto the flat brow of the hill, and the beautiful French girl, the Lust Goddess with the dark, soulless eyes, greets us. I avoid her eyes, but can't help but remember how my hot cum glistened on her full lips last night after Wendy and I found her fucking in the grove.
" Suis moi," she says, leading us toward the bonfire where a ring of naked figures are holding hands.
I recognize the curvy red-head with bright green eyes, and her lover, from this morning, as well as the two cute and slightly chunky college girls. There are some other women I haven't seen before, and three young guys whose most remarkable feature is not so much their ripped musculature, as their rock-hard erections.
Beyond the circle of light, a small figure with wiry hair, a dark beard, and a lascivious expression, reclines on a tree stump blowing into a set of Pan pipes. The old Greek blanket is spread across his lap, but it's not big enough to conceal hairy legs that are bent at an unnatural angle. Or that where he should have feet, there are cloven hooves.
The thing about overpowering lust is that it represses all those warnings from the logical, critical corners of your consciousness. Little things like, what the fuck am I doing on a Greek hilltop covered in olive trees under a full moon in the Caribbean surrounded by naked strangers holding hands around a roaring bonfire while some dude dressed like a man-goat plays the flute?
I hear those words, but they mean nothing. They provoke neither anxiety nor fear. All I feel is a white-hot sexual longing in my gut. Does it occur to me that only hours after the most powerful, soul-wrenching orgasms of my life, I should be a little sated with sex?
Not at all.
The Lust Goddess starts us moving clockwise. Somehow, I know her name is Natalie. The same way I know the red-head and her lover are Fiona and Virginia, and the two nubile college girls are Mary and Patty. There's another tall, willowy blond who could easily be Gina's sister, and I'd bet my right nut she's from Atlanta and her name is Debbie. Same with the the brunette with a pixie haircut and gymnast's body. Her name is Rhonda and she grew up near Philadelphia. Nothing weird. I feel as if I've known them forever.
We fall into a rhythm, and move together in time with the sinuous flute melody, Natalie adds a little hip grind on every third step. When I imitate her, the sensation is immediate and electric. A spasm that begins in my brain and ends with my cock bouncing and twitching without any physical stimulation, save the warm breath of the sultry night wind.
The tempo of the music increases, and with each turn of the circle, Natalie changes her movements and we all follow along. It is primitive and ritualistic and supremely arousing.
As the melody nears a crescendo, we clap with the beat, and then Natalie steps inside the circle, displaying herself in ways that under any other circumstances would be flagrantly obscene. But here it's as natural as Tom's Organic Toothpaste.
Soon she is kneeling, her lips wrapping around each passing cock, her tongue lapping the wetness from every girl's sex. After three more turns of the circle, she throws her head back, fixes her eyes on the full moon, and chants an incantation, " klaatu baraada niktu."
Without Natalie, there are twelve of us left in the circle, and as we look to the moon and chant " klaatu baraada niktu," a flock of Great Herons passes directly between us and our nearest celestial neighbor just as the scorching melody reaches a climatic finale.
It's all such an uncanny coincidence that I feel a new shiver echoing down my spine. One that provokes what I can only describe as a mini orgasm. My cock pulses and fires a single volley.
I'm not the only one.
There is a spontaneous chorus of whimpers and moans, and we reach out for each other, first to keep our balance, and then to satisfy an insatiable longing for intimate contact. Gina and Wendy fall into each other's arms, mouths locked in an inseparable kiss.
I find myself in a hungry embrace with Fiona, who wraps her arms around my neck, her wild red mane filling my field of vision as she pulls herself up my torso, then slides down onto my cock, which glides effortlessly deep inside her. Within the blink of an eye, twelve naked bodies become six groping, copulating pairs.
Sometimes even when you're sure you know where the story is going, when you think you understand the characters, their flaws and motives, when all the symbols, motifs and foreshadowing are an open book, sometimes even then the storyteller reaches out and grabs you by the balls with an unexpected twist.
Well, tonight there is no twist. Just a space where myth and magic, wonderment and lechery, buildup and climax are two sides of the same ancient coin. A place where contradictory opposites hang in a delicate complementary balance.
Still, I am completely unprepared for what happens next. I think we all are.
I am gazing into Fiona's sea-green eyes. Eyes may be the door to the soul, but they are also a vastly underrated aphrodisiac. An erogenous zone unlike any other. There's an entire universe of sparkling, rippling mystery hiding in Fiona's green-flecked irises.
On this crazy Greek hilltop that's somehow been transported to the French West Indies, there is myth and magic and erotic mystery all rolled into one incomprehensible moment. A moment that begins with Fiona's soulful eyes flashing like emeralds in the moonlight. Then turns on a dime as they grow darker than coffee. Darker than chocolate. Darker than night itself.
And it's not just Fiona's eyes. Something has sucked the moonlight from the sky and reduced the flaming bonfire to cold, black cinders. In the blink of an eye, we are immersed in an empty void where not even a stray pinpoint of starlight penetrates. And without vision, there is only sound, and smell, and touch.
The flute is silent. The fire is as still as ice. Even the trade wind has gone quiet. This empty space is filled only with the sounds of lust. The whimpering, rasping, chafing, and squishing noises of our desperate rush to gratification and release. So desperate that even a little thing like blinding darkness does not deter us.
Without light, the ever present symphony of subtle aromas intensifies. There are the minor notes of fresh pine, acrid smoke, cloying earth, and pungent sex. But there is a new dominant tone. A complex fragrance that blends the stink of matted fur, the smell of burnt patchouli, and the sweet fresh scent of morning Lilacs.
This odd combination of fragrances is the first clue to the feral presence that moves in the narrow space between us. Is it Pan himself? Or something else? Something even older, and more elemental than a Greek god? It brushes my hip, cold and formless, and leaves a wet and sticky residue behind.
How will it satisfy its lust? The answer comes soon enough.
It's either Mary or Patty, one of the two plump little ones with small breasts and thick waists, who screams first. Not from pain or fear. But pleasure. A pleasure too sharp, too hard, and too searingly profound for mortals to comprehend. Pleasure beyond the limits of endurance.
Pleasure begets pleasure. Fiona's teeth, at least I think it is still Fiona, sink into my neck, her fingernails rake my back, and her womb clamps around my cock like an iron fist. Her cry fills my ears, drowning out all the other rising shrieks and wails around us.
God knows how long this goes on. A minute? An hour? A month? But as soon as the cries of passion subside to muffled grunts and whimpers, another scream of exquisite agony punctures the night, and like some demented pack of mating wolves, we howl anew. Whether by sound, or smell, or some super-pheromone, the hunger of this unseen entity infects us all. With libidos unbridled and passions inflamed, we suck and fuck like the end of Time is at hand. Which, perhaps, it is.
Then Fiona is gone. Where the liquid fire of her sex had been, my thrusting cock finds only empty space. Somewhere Fiona's scream pierces the darkness and even before its echo dies, we are all giving voice to an unbearable pleasure that consumes us. When the furor fades, Fiona returns. Her body slick with juice and sweat, her dripping cunt desperately convulsing on my cock, wanting for something that is beyond my power to give. I explode inside her. For an eternal instant we are one. Our bodies merge and our souls take flight. We fly with angels.
Then we tumble helplessly into the black void.
My body shivers with exhaustion, head resting on the heaving cushion of Fiona's warm breast, her heartbeat violently reverberating in my ear. Despite all this chaos, or perhaps because of it, a realization hits me with the force of a satori. A "gateless gate" opens on a brief instant of existential understanding.
In that one moment, I know. I recognize our plight with shimmering clarity. And it's not just mortals who are trapped within the prison of our own obsessions. The ancient gods are no different. It is written in all our DNA, as inevitable as birth and eventual death. It is the destiny of all sentient life.
And it is simply this: We are all the prisoners of our own narrative. The plot turns on the same three themes. Sex and myth and magic. We all live the same story, told in a billion different ways.
It may not be your answer. But it's mine. Maybe not the perfect sweet spot between Yin and Yang. But it feels as satisfying as a life well lived.
Then darkness takes me.
—
A pair of cooing Doves, and the morning sun in my eyes, bring me back to this waking world. Wendy and Gina are wound together beside me in a naked coil. The sheets are wet with cum, some of it probably mine. The room smells of hot sex, and it's not a subtle fragrance.
Last night is still a confused jumble, and will remain largely so. But I see the room safe is open, and empty. Which means we're back in my bungalow. Somehow we have returned from Olympus, or Cthulhu, or wherever last night's alternate reality took us.
To tell the truth, I'm actually relieved to see the old Greek blanket is gone, and my left nut is intact. I had no concept of the powers we had invoked. Or perhaps we were the ones summoned into their dimension? Either way, I realize my silly bet with myself could have gone horribly wrong. Thankfully, I lost Pan's blanket, but kept my balls.
I don't know much more about science than some vague, media-inspired anxieties about asteroids, incurable viruses, and climate change. But I do know a full moon when I see one, and that the Spring Equinox usually happens around March 21, which was yesterday. I also have a suspicion that these two events don't coincide all that frequently. Wikipedia confirms it. Last night was exceedingly rare. Unlikely to happen more than three or four times during a human life span.
A nasty cliche occurs to me. Oh, my, God! What have we done?
I recall an old movie, Roger Corman's, "The Dunwich Horror," where Sandra Dee's deflowering on an ancient alter above the Massachusetts coastline before sunset on the Solstice, or maybe it was the Equinox, will open the portal to a hideous and evil, H.P. Lovecraft's "Old Ones," who hunger to return and wreak havoc on humanity.
Is that what this is all about? Have I abetted the end of mankind? There's one comforting thought. There were no virgins on that hilltop last night. Hell, there probably isn't an adult virgin to be found at a Club Med village anywhere. Ever.
Last night was more extreme Bacchanal than ritual sacrifice. Maybe Pan can only sneak over to our side on rare occasions and, like a lot of us, he figured Club Med is a good place to get lucky.
Poor Pan. For all his phallic potency, he's just like Wendy, Gina and I. Trapped within our own perceptions. Shackled by our senses to inescapable imperatives as surely as the moon is locked within its orbit by the invisible force of gravity. Sex and myth and magic. The invisible forces that bind us to our past. That shape our future. The invisible hand that writes the stories of our lives.
With that thought, I head for the shower.
When I return, Gina is awake and in a panic. She's forgotten about Johnny. I remind her he spent the night with a new friend's family and we still have time to meet them for breakfast and take Jonny to the Mini Club. Gina sighs with relief, and I can see the wheels turning as she tries to piece together the events of last night. She's still in a bit of a trance, and her expressions alternate between dreamy smiles and confused frowns as the memories slowly return.
"Do you think," she asks, reaching out and holding my flaccid cock with her warm finger tips. "We can go back tonight?" I've been hearing that question a lot lately.
"Sure," I tell her, before breaking the bad news. "We can go. But last night isn't going to happen again for about 20 more years."
"Why? What do you mean?"
I show Gina the almanac on my phone screen. "Yesterday was the Spring Equinox. It was also a full moon. They only coincide every couple of decades."
"And you think?"
"That whatever magic we've been messing with won't be back again for a long time."
Gina has that same crestfallen look as when I told her she needed to learn baseball-speak if she wanted to get inside Johnny's world. "I suppose it's for the best," she sighs.
"Daddy," Wendy says sleepily, lifting her head above Gina's hip. "Let's fuck."
"Hold that thought until we get back," I tell her. Wendy nods agreeably and drifts back to sleep.
The three of us do return to the clearing in the palm grove that night. So do most of the others. Someone had pinched a couple bottles of table wine, and we hang around wearing clothes, drinking and trying to make sense of what happened yesterday.
When it's obvious there will be no repeat, people began to drift away in the same little groups that we arrived in. Wendy, Gina and I spend the rest our nights at Club Med in a slow burning ménage-a-trios, exploring just about every sexual permutation possible among three people.
Back in New York, I hook up with Gina most weekends, and once a month or so, Wendy comes down from Boston to join us. We've never come close to matching the sexual intensity of those two days with Pan's Blanket. But there's a bond between us that is like gravity, locking us in the same orbit regardless of who else drifts in and out of our lives.
And I know it's totally fucked up, but I've really come to accept being Wendy's love Daddy.
Who wouldn't?