It had been weeks that we were apart, and the lack of physical contact between us had gotten to the point that it was nearly unbearable. I was aching for your presence, to feel your touch and to express my passion for you. Yes, the regular Skype sessions which we both enjoyed did help to take the edge off. But it just didn't quite scratch that itch, at least not enough to quell the ever-increasing sexual tension between us.
We always talked about stepping up our game by inviting another to join us. It wasn't something we had ever considered seriously, but the talk was hot and it definitely spiced up our regular video sessions. We both got off on it, and even when we couldn't make a live session of indulging our fantasies happen due to work or other responsibilities, it fueled our solo masturbation; giving us plenty of ammo for hot orgasms that we often confessed to each other afterward.
Well, this particular night, we had some hot plans to hook up on Skype again after you got home. I was hot with anticipation all day with nothing to do. After killing most of the day with meaningless Facebooking broken up by running a few errands, I decided to go out for a couple of beers to chill out and kill the time.
I sucked down my first beer pretty fast and started on my second beer. Pretty soon I found myself chatting it up with a guy about my age sitting next to me at the bar. His name was Mark and he was about my height, lean and attractive. He was clean but had a bit of an edge, I gathered, due to some visible tattoos on his upper arm that peeked out underneath his shirt sleeve. His demeanor was similar to mine, and I could tell I'd get along with him really well.
Soon enough, we were talking about similar interests and hobbies. It turns out he had just broken up with his girlfriend of five years a couple months prior. He'd had bad luck finding pussy, and like me, he was aching for a good lay. I shared our situation, describing in brief how hot you are and how badly I needed you to get back home. Of course, I let it slip that you also made separation about as fun as it could possibly be with Skype. It blew his mind that you were willing to do that. Apparently, his former girlfriend would do no such thing for him.
A couple of attractive girls sat down at the bar nearby, and naturally he was interested. So I worked with him to spark up some friendly conversation with them, just in case he might get something going. We had fun. The girls were friendly and game for a little flirtation. Nothing incriminating, of course, but it felt good to be in the presence of women for once.
The beers went down easy, and a few hours into it we were both feeling good. He was a natural with the women, and they had obviously been enjoying the attention and the laughs as much as we did. But it wasn't too long before we found out they were both just out for girly fun while their boyfriends were watching a game. Mark was obviously disappointed. I could see the slightest evidence of defeat in the corner of his mouth. He handled it gracefully, not wanting them to see his frustration so the night could continue with its positive momentum.
We kept the conversation going for a bit while we both sucked down a couple more beers. We had a lot in common. It turned out that he was really into music like me, and was interested in getting together sometime to experiment. So I invited him over for a few more beers to talk it over.
Nothing got done, of course. We were shitfaced, and our conversation continually derailed into filth and other mostly-worthless drunk talk, until I showed him your photo on my phone. Well, it wasn't just your photo. You see, I had saved some of my favorites that you had so graciously sent. You know, some that were meant for my eyes only. My drunk state wasn't serving me well at all, but for Mark, it was like striking gold.
As soon as I realized my mistake, I scrambled to get out of the thumbnail page that was so exposing. But my diminished dexterity sent my thumb directly onto a very revealing photo, giving Mark a momentary glimpse of your wonderful carnal delights. The mistake sent us both into a fit of drunken laughter. But, there was a seriousness immediately apparent in Mark's face. I found the back button that brought us back to the thumbnail page, and I paused there, taking in the ecstasy I felt viewing the little treasure I had in photos of you.
I don't know what it was exactly that came over me. But somehow the combination of alcohol, my desire to see you, and the effect your images had on Mark paralyzed me, and instead of closing the phone, I muttered how hot you were.
"Your girlfriend is hot," Mark confessed.
"She's basically everything I could have ever hoped for. And, add to that everything I couldn't have imagined I wanted and now I know I won't live without. There's no way I'm letting this one go," I said. "In fact, there's something I've always wanted to do for her." I smiled.
He could tell I was up to something.
I somewhat awkwardly requested his ear, "Hear me out...this is gonna be a little fucked up. Er...I mean it's a little out of the ordinary, and I totally understand if it's way past your comfort zone. And if it is, I will say no more. But if you're comfortable with this, I think you could really have some fun tonight."
So after breaking the subject and seeing him shrug with a look of curiosity, I spelled out my desire to give you a little extra cock for your own enjoyment. I told him of our plan to hook up that night over video chat, and how you might really love to not only see another hard cock, but especially see another man come for you. Of course, I gave him the base rules that if you were obviously not into it he'd have to leave, and also that no matter what happened, word of it would not be shared with a soul.
"Fuck it! I'm totally down. As long as you don't hold it against me nutting to your girlfriend, I'm totally down." He was obviously completely set on the idea.
"Fuck, we've got just enough time to down another cold one before she gets home. Game?" The excitement started to build up deep down in my pants. I couldn't wait to catch you completely off guard with this one.
Your call came in. I was full of anticipation and hard as a rock. You could see how ready I was, and you were glad because you were thinking about me all day. "I've got a surprise for you tonight, baby...remember when I said I wanted to surprise you with another cock?" At this point my face was frozen with desire.
"Yes baby, do you have another cock for me tonight?" You played along, thinking we were simply engaging in fantasy as we so often had before.
Mark was off to the side, out of your view completely, and his erection was pressing hard against his old tattered jeans.
You had on a short skirt and had purposefully refrained from wearing panties. You were already stroking lightly between your legs, playing with the wetness beginning to surface on your lips. "What did you have in mind, baby? Do you want me to let you watch me fuck this hard cock for you?" You held up the dildo.
"Nope, I'm gonna share you with my friend here who's got a raging bulge in his pants for you right now. You want to see his hard cock?"
"Of course," you played along and put the dildo down.
"Baby, I'm gonna need you to take off your skirt for me," I said with urgency.
You smiled and submitted to my request. I had a plan. I wasn't going to reveal anything until you were hot, and I mean hot enough that exposing this intrusion into our seemingly-private encounter would only serve to send you to the next level.
Mark slipped his jeans down, exposing his hard cock, and started to lightly stroke himself. Precum gathered at the tip, exposing his desire as he watched you undress. He was enjoying every second.
I turned toward Mark. He had been instructed to not say a word until I explicitly said so, in order to keep the illusion that I was bluffing. "What do you need to get off, Mark? You want to see her fuck that dildo?" I turned toward you. "Baby, he wants to see you be naughty. We both want to see you fuck that cock you have there."
You smiled. "Will you let me see his hard cock if I do, baby?"
"What do you think Mark, is that a deal?" I said. He had a huge smirk on his face, but I could also tell he was totally turned on. He was rock hard, and his thick cock was throbbing for you.
You picked up the toy and placed the tip against your wet entrance, and began to tease yourself; but effectively teased both me and Mark, not realizing how much the anticipation hurt our throbbing cocks. I hurriedly pulled down my pants to reveal my cock, and you gasped in approval, "Yes baby, that's better. So when do I get to see this friend of yours?"
It was getting harder for me to speak clearly. My heart was racing. "We just need you to fuck yourself with that toy, baby. I want you to be ready for this."
You had resigned yourself to the idea that this would be all that would happen tonight, and decided to settle into your play. I watched intently as you teased me by slowly sliding the fake cock deeply into yourself. You began stroking your clit with one hand, and slowly thrusting the toy in short strokes in an intoxicating rhythm.
We watched. You began to breathe rhythmically and your lust was building. After some time it was obvious that you were on a trajectory towards climax. It was time.
"Mark, are you ready to show her your cock?" I winked at him.
He answered, "Fuck, yes."
The look on your face was that of fear and confusion; but even deeper lust. The sound of his voice shocked you, but at some primal level, you wanted this. Your hand slowed for only just a moment, and as I turned the camera to Mark's throbbing cock, I saw your hand beginning to accelerate and under your breath I heard you pant, "Yes, yes...Yes, baby, I want to see his cock..."
You began to thrust harder with the dildo, and I could see your body convulse with the beginning of your orgasm. I watched as Mark began to spurt sheets of white jizz across his chest. You watched, fixated on his pulsing cock, and finished your delicious orgasm to its completion. You begged to see me come as my cock began to spasm with spurts of come.
Mark and I both sat back, covered in our own man juice. You laid there in disbelief, but you wanted more...