Nate and Sydnee have always tried to get away on their anniversary to spend some "quality time" together. And, over the year they spent their anniversary in various places. There was a spa weekend, trips to different beaches, and one or two vacations to Williamsburg. This year, they chose a park with a mountain lake.
Nate awoke early as he always does. Sydnee was sound asleep beside him. During the night, she seemed to have taken over the center of the bed and pushed Nate to the edge. He took that as a sign it was time to get up.
After running through his morning rituals, he stepped out of the bedroom and brewed a cup of coffee, then out onto the balcony. He sipped his coffee, enjoying the view of a perfectly calm lake surface on a perfect morning. Nate loved his wife than anything. But he really enjoyed quiet mornings. Sydnee was not quite the early riser that he was. And he estimated he had an hour or more to himself.
Which is why he was surprised when Sydnee emerged, coffee in hand. "Beautiful," she said as she took a seat next to Nate, who reached over and took her hand.
"Yes, you are," he said. Sydnee blushed. Silently, they took in the calmness for a while longer then got ready for breakfast.
Arriving shortly after the restaurant opened, the lovers had it to themselves. Taking a table on the patio, they exchanged small talk, a little teasing, and some flirting while enjoying French toast, bacon, fresh fruit, and coffee. The morning was absolutely fabulous; perfect temperature, low humidity, a gentle breeze, and not a cloud in the sky. So nice that the lovers decided to leave their phones behind and commune with nature by taking a walk in the woods.
Nate and Sydnee selected a trail running along the lakeshore. According to the description in the park's brochure, it was clear and smooth, containing overlooks with benches, and the occasional informational plaque. It was also wide enough to walk hand-in-hand. Nevertheless, nature was not more than a foot or two away on either side.
The lake trail was a lush green hallway in Mother Nature's house accented with stained glass. Sydnee and Nate could hear birds in the trees and woodland animals scurrying to and fro in the undergrowth. A chipmunk burst across the path right in front of them. Sydnee jumped while Nate failed to hold in a snicker, resulting in a quick punch to his arm. They continued to leisurely stroll, hand-in-hand, reading about the history of the lake, its flora, fauna, and the surrounding area. Around a sharp bend, the trail passed through a clearing filled with wildflowers. A multitude of honeybees, humming birds, and butterflies buzzed and fluttered between the blossoms. "Amazing," Sydnee whispered in awe.
"Sorry we left our phones in the room," Nate said.
A little further on the lovers came upon a bench overlooking the lake. Sydnee, decided to take a short respite. From their vantage point, Nate and Sydnee watched people frolicking on the lake in all varieties of boats and watercraft.
They had seen no one since leaving the lodge. And that was just fine with them. The solitude was perfect. Sydnee rested her head on Nate's shoulder and Nate wrapped his arm around her shoulder in return. Outside their isolation, the world moved on. But, at this moment in time, to Nate nothing else mattered. It was just he and his wife.
Nate lifted his Sydnee's face to his and kissed her, a light but passionate kiss. It has been many years since the two lovers necked and it ignited a spark. She smiled and lifted her face for another, less light and more passionate; and then they kissed again, and again and many more times. Each kiss was measurably more passionate than the last. Eyes closed, their tongues swirled and danced. Small moans escaped between wet popping sounds lips make connecting with compatible lips. Sydnee's hand gently caressed Nate's face.
Nate pulled Sydnee closer and used his free hand to massage her breast. Sydnee turned slightly and opened herself to her husband's advance. Although her breast was covered in cotton and spandex, Nate felt her nipple stiffen. Over the years, Nate held Sydnee's breasts many, many times. And, in his mind, he could feel her heavy breast with its warm and soft skin, and it's highly reactive nipple in his hand. His imagination and the excitement of the moment cause a stirring in Nate's pants.
Sydnee, also caught in the excitement of moment, lowered her hand and started to rub Nate's stirring cock. She could feel it enlarge and stiffen as she rubbed her palm against it. Having held and fondled Nate's cock countless times, she easily pictured its shaft strengthening and its purple head growing larger. And, it excited her immensely. She felt warmth building in her sex.
Nate somehow pinched her nipple and Sydnee gasped as a bolt of electricity shot through her. His hand left her breast, moved down to her pussy, and started to slowly rub it through her shorts. She twisted her body to allow Nate better access. Taking the cue, he quickened his pace, vigorously rubbed her pussy. She felt wetness seeping from her.
Desire overwhelmed the lovers.
Sydnee slipped off the bench and knelt in front of Nate. She quickly released his belt and unzipped his fly. Nate raised his hips and she pulled his shorts and briefs to his ankles. His cock stood tall and strong like the trees surrounding them. Taking his cock in her one hand, she held it as she delicately swirled her tongue over its tip several times. With her other hand as she gently and lovingly massaged his balls. Like a fine trickle of dew, she then ran the tip of her tongue slowly down the underside of Nate's cock, then reversed her action, running her tongue from the base to the purple head.
Pausing, she looked up, straight into Nate's eyes. Giving him a wickedly seductively little wink, she slowly devoured his entire cock, sliding it further and further down her throat until her lips reached the base of his cock. Nate leaned his head back overwhelmed by the sensation. Sydnee left a wet, slick film on the shaft as she removed his cock from her throat. With a firm but gentle fist, she pumped Nate's cock several times. Then, she swallowed the entire member once again, lubricating it on the return. Her fingers formed a cage over the head and with an extremely light touch teased Nate relentlessly. Nate groaned and placed his hands on her head, attempting to guide her mouth back to his cock. She resisted and continued to tease his cock sensitive head.
Nate was just on the verge of erupting when Sydnee stood up, twirled around, and bewitchingly slid her shorts and panties down. She playfully wiggled her ass at her husband then seductively walked behind him. Wrapping her arms around her husband, Sydnee whispered "I want to watch the lake as you fuck me from behind," in Nate's ear
Nate was no dummy. He kicked his shorts off and quickly positioned himself behind his wife. Sydnee leaned over the bench as he placed the tip of his cock at the opening of Sydnee's pussy. Grabbing her hips, he slowly inserted his cock completely into her incredibly wet and warm pussy. "Oh My!" Sydnee gasped. A slow retreat and a deep reentry caused Sydnee to gasp again. Passion grew as Nate repeated his carnal back and forth.
"OH FUCK! ... FUCK! ... FUCK!" Sydnee cried out as Nate abruptly slammed his cock deep into her pussy. Nature took control as Nate started to fuck her wildly. Sydnee held the bench tight as Nate fucked her hard, deep, and fast. Their lust cascaded through them like the water over impassible rapids. It did not matter that someone could come by at any time or that they might be seen from the lake. Mother Nature blinded them to the world around them. These two bodies were doing what she commanded them to do. Their lovemaking was natural and elemental.
Sydnee came first. Her orgasm was intense causing her legs to almost buckle. Only, the bench and Nate's strong grip on her hips saved her from collapsing. His orgasm arrived a few strong strokes later. He came with a forcefulness not experienced in quite a long while. And, Sydnee loved each and every intense throb.
Reality eventually came back and the lovers hurriedly dressed. They turned and started back to the lodge and almost immediately met other hikers. Nate and Sydnee blushed and giggled like school kids all the way back to their room.
Sydnee went straight into the bedroom to take a shower. Nate was pulling a bottle of water from the mini-fridge when Sydnee emerged naked from the bedroom. With a broad mischievous smile, she asked, "Nate, do you have my panties?"