Please allow me to reintroduce my beautiful and sexually charged wife to you. My wife enjoys showing her attributes to anyone willing to look at her. Attributes like natural C cup tits with dark sensitive nipples, a nice round ass, and shapely legs. Her long dark brown wavy hair, clear hazel eyes, and neatly trimmed landing strip are all parts of her spectacular figure.
She will expose herself regularly, but she clearly enjoys flashing more in the warmth of the summer and the salt sea air of a beach near an ocean. Some of our most enjoyable times have happened on the shores of beaches situated on the Gulf of Mexico, and along the Atlantic Ocean.
One such time, I'll share with you, happened on Nantucket Sound. This pristine body of warm water is located between the islands off the coast of Cape Cod and the mainland.
We had a few days to relax and enjoy the Cape after a weeklong conference in Boston. We were in what the locals refer to as the dog days of August. Morning fog would burn off by noon followed by hot, hazy and humid weather. Perfect elements to be near water.
We checked into a beach front hotel, unpacked, and made a wine run. We returned, and with a glass of wine in hand, we inspected our suite. What caught our attention was the shared balcony that overlooked the beach and the Sound. Our side and the neighboring side were divided by a lattice wall, with 4" diamond shaped openings. The outer walls of each balcony were solid. The balcony had one overhead light, two oversized club chairs and a table.
"How many times do you think we'll be naked out here?" was my wife's first question.
"I can't say. I wonder how many times will we fool around out here?" was my response.
Mary said, "Let's begin the counting before supper." She pulled her top over her head and stepped out of her shorts. She was standing in front of me wearing a blue demi-bra and matching blue thong.
"I can't suck you off, if you're fully clothed," she announced. "So let's get with the program!"
I quickly shed my clothes and my average size dick began to get hard. When fully stiff, my dick is a little over 6" long, with a slight upward curve.
Kneeling on a chair cushion, Mary took the purple head of my member and licked all around it. After spitting on it a couple of times, she slowly stroked me before taking me deep in her mouth. She gives great head and today was no exception. Especially when I would mention the number of people walking past our second floor balcony watching what she was doing. I grabbed the side of her head and slowly face-fucked her. She reached behind her back and unsnapped her bra. Her amazing tits swayed slightly with each facial thrust. I felt a swelling in my balls and with halting words I asked her if she wanted me to cum in her mouth or on her tits. She squeezed her tits together with her hands creating a landing area for my jizz. I stiffened, let out a loud moan, and withdrew from her mouth. The first rope of cum hit her chin. All the other warm shots filled her cleavage. She opened her mouth and before I went soft, sucked me dry and clean. One guy, who watched a good portion of the show, gave us a thumbs-up gesture as he resumed his walk along the beach.
As promised by the hotel staff at check-in, we woke up the next morning to fog as thick as pea soup. We were told that the entire Cape would be socked-in until early afternoon. I was having a cup of coffee on the balcony, when the sliders on our neighbor's balcony opened. A couple around our age decided to have their coffee on the balcony and also watch the fog literally roll over the beach. Mary joined me, completely naked. The voices next door became quiet.
Knowing she was being watched, my wife said, "Please come in and make me cum. It's too chilly to fuck outside. I'll repay the favor on the balcony tonight, when it's nice and dark, then maybe we'll stroll the beach naked." She slowly pivoted giving our neighbors plenty of opportunity to check out her body.
It was decided that neither one of us would cum until evening, when we would be ready to hopefully put on a show. We opted for breakfast and a trip to the mall instead of a morning nude-a-rama.
I was sitting at the kitchenette's table when Mary came out of the bedroom wearing her favorite outfit: a little yellow sundress with adjustable shoulder straps and no panties. This was her outfit of choice, when she was on a mission to flash.
In the car, Mary adjusted the straps on her dress. More than half of each tit plus an abundant amount of cleavage were on display. She slid a finger along her uncovered pussy, which was already wet from anticipation, and offered it to me. While pulling into a parking space, I enjoyed the sweet flavor and scent of my wife, as I licked her finger.
We walked into a shoe store and a college aged guy, staring at my wife's chest, asked if he could be of help. Mary told him she would like to try on sandals, lots of sandals. He seated her and knelt in front of her to measure her foot. The hem of Mary's dress rode high up her thigh. For a very brief moment her pussy came into view.
When Mary bend forward to adjust a sandal, the clerk had an unimpeded view of her tits and nipples. When she sat down after walking around a little, she would hike up her dress. The clerk was getting harder by the minute. At on point, Mary whispered something in his ear. He nodded and knelt between her legs. With one hand he held her sandaled covered foot, his other hand slowly moved over her calf, along the inside of her thigh and disappeared under her dress. She repositioned herself on the chair and lifted her dress. He had a clear and up close look at my wife's glistening wet pussy. He stood and picked up a couple of shoe boxes covering the bulge in his pants, and headed for the back room. Mary nodded for me to follow her.
When I caught up with her, I asked what she said to the guy.
"I said to him, I know you're enjoying looking down my top at my tits, because of the bulge in your pants. If you promise to go in the back room and jerk-off, I'll let you touch me. I may even let you look at my pussy. Let's make that bulge bigger. Slide your hand up my leg and rest it on my inner thigh. That's a good boy, now have a gander. That's when I lifted my dress and exposed my pussy. Let's go try on swimsuits!"
We entered and left at least four stores that sold women's swimsuits before Mary settled on one. We were greeted by a bubbly female sales clerk wanting to know how she could be of assistance.
"I'm looking for a suit that fits," Mary began. "I have trouble keeping my girls in most tops, or my bottoms come off when I get out of a pool. I really need a custom fit."
"I'm sure I can find the perfect suit for you. Let's go into a changing room so I can measure you properly."
Mary quickly removed her sundress and stood in the room naked, with the curtain partial opened. The sales clerk had a measuring tape and measured every square inch of Mary's body. There was a lot of touching and giggling happening between the two of them. When the sales clerk left to select a few bathing suits, I walked up to a guy who was following his wife around and mention there was a naked women with the curtain to her changing room open.
We both stood off to the side and watched the sales clerk and my wife interact with each other. The sales clerk showed Mary the proper way of putting on a top. In doing so, she handled my wife's tits. More than once her hands would rub over my wife's sensitive nipples. More than once my wife would let out a low pleasurable moan. It was obvious that the sales clerk was into women. The fact she lowered her lips to my wife's nipples drove that point home.
Both of us guys kept readjusting the boners we were getting watching the sales clerk's tongue flick over both of Mary's nipples. Mary reached between her legs and slid a finger in her pussy. The sales clerk removed Mary's finger from her snatch and placed it in her mouth. We watched as she greedily sucked my wife's juices off that finger.
"If it wasn't for the security cameras, I'd be spanking my cock and coating this clothing display in front of us with cum," said the stranger.
"I'm going to wait and fill her pussy with a huge load of spunk. That's my wife!"
"Anyway to get her to talk to my wife to be like her?" he asked.
Mary left the changing room and headed toward the mall. I noticed the sales clerk was unbuttoning her slacks, as she closed the curtain.
In the car I asked, "How did you know that was the store to have some fun in?"
"No other sales person, male or female, gave me a look when we enter their stores. That sales clerk made a beeline to me when she saw my tits and how they moved under the thin material of this dress. Oh, by the way, I've been invited to a little gathering of her and some of her girlfriends tonight. I'm sure there won't be any roosters in that henhouse, she said with a laugh!"
The front desk receptionist told us the best place on the beach today, now that the fog burned off, would be down near the jetty. The water sport people wouldn't be there this afternoon, because of the lack of wind and there aren't any bathroom facilities for families. It should be quite secluded.
We found a nice spot surrounded by sand dunes and debated getting all nuded-up. Just the thought of being outside naked with my wife was getting me hard.
"You going to be able to cum later tonight, if we fool around now?" my wife asked.
"As horny as I am, I'm sure I will. Although, if I wait until tonight, I'll cum in quarts. My nuts have been aching since your morning escapades. Why don't you you get naked and lie on your back. It will be my pleasure to get you off with my tongue," was my response.
In a flash, Mary jumped out of her bathing suit. She spread her legs wide and began playing with her nipples. Equally as quick, I buried my face in her gash. I flicked my tongue on the hood of her pussy, and licked her clit. I was sucking her juices when I heard voices over her moans of pleasure. Standing to the side of the sand dune were two college age girls, both mesmerized watching us. One young lady had her hand inside the front of her bathing suit, slowly rubbing her small mound. The other was gently caressing her tits.
Mary opened her eyes and saw our audience. Her orgasm was cataclysmic. She cried out, "Don't stop!" multiple times. She grabbed the side of my head driving my face flush against her pussy. When her legs began quivering, she closed them tightly around my head. When I came up for air, my face was coated with her discharge.
"God that was amazing," the girl rubbing her mount said.
"No shit. Let's find our own sand dune. After watching that, I think we need to make each other cum," said her companion.
My naked wife picked up the pieces of her bathing suit and gingerly walked out of the dune to the sparkling waters of the Sound. I followed with a slight limp, because there wasn't much wiggle room in my board shorts for my raging hard-on.
We stood waist deep in the warm water, and started kissing like a couple of teenagers. Our tongues dated in and out of our mouths. My hands gently rubbed her naked ass. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her amazing tits firmly against my chest.
"That was off the chart, back on the blanket," she said. "I don't think I've ever had an orgasm with that level of intensity before." Reaching down to rub my hard dick, she continued. "I'm going to make sure, with or without people watching us tonight, you cum as forcefully as I just did."
Talk about anticipation - I couldn't wait for it to get dark. Every thirty minutes or so I would start to get an erection thinking about what was going to happen.
After a late supper, we walked along the beach. There's something special about the sounds of the surf washing over the shore line and the distant cry of a seagull, that enhances the beach experience. Boats anchored on the horizon bobbed with the ocean swells under a half moon and twinkling stars.
We were back to our hotel, when Mary pointed to our neighbor's lights and said, "They're in. It's showtime! Are you ready?"
We turned on the overhead balcony light, opened our slider doors, and began talking in voices a little louder than normal. Our neighbor's turned off their living room lights. Mary stood in our doorway and said, "Honey, why don't you pour us some wine. I don't want to miss any of this perfect night, so I'm going to stay on the balcony and get naked."
My naked wife greeted me with a big hug and whispered in my ear that she heard our neighbor's slider door slowly open. She was sure we were being watched. From the quiet moans and muffled grunts we would hear later in the evening, she was correct.
Mary paraded around the balcony naked, placing cushions on the floor in between sips of wine.
"Could you get some beach towels to cover the cushions?" she asked.
"Sure. I'll bring them out when I get the bottle of wine I opened."
I left my clothes in the bedroom. After grabbing a couple of towels and the wine, I met my wife on the balcony. My dick was hard and pointing directly to the overhead light, which we kept on. Mary was leaning seductively with her naked ass pressed against the balcony rail, sipping her wine. Her body clearly visible to our neighbors.
"Let me get comfortable on my knees. I want to slowly suck your cock. Promise me you won't cum to quickly." she cooed. Mary dropped to her knees and reached for my throbbing member.
We were very close to our side of the lattice dividing wall, so close that we could hear breathing coming from the other side.
Mary flicked her tongue along the top of my rock hard dick, licked the entire head, and slowly deep throated me. She did this enough times to coat me with her saliva. The sucking and slurping sounds she was making was having an effect on all of us.
Sensing how close I was to unloading, she pulled off of my dick. She repositioned herself on her hands and knees on top of the towel covered cushions. Not needing any instructions, I knelt behind her beautiful ass and entered her warm, wet pussy. I grabbed her hips and pushed my dick in slowly and deeply. Being used to each other, we quickly found an enjoyable rhythm. Mary's sighs were matched by the muffled sighs coming from the other side of the divider.
We heard the unmistakable gasp of a female reaching an orgasm. That was followed by a low guttural grunt. Our little show got total strangers off. Seconds later, Mary cried out, "Oh, Holy Shit!" Her perfectly round ass began bouncing up and down. She lowered her arms so her forehead was on the cushion. Her ass pointing up at me. She spread her ass cheeks with her hands, exposing her little brown hole. I pulled out of her and grabbed my dick. After giving it a few quick tugs, I held it tightly, and placed the head against the opening of her ass-hole. When I let go, the first explosion of cum coated her hole. The next couple of ropes of hot cum splattered on her fingers, her ass cheeks, and me. I plunged my hard pulsating dick back inside her pussy, until my nut sack emptied. We were both coated in my spunk, but held that position until we caught our breath. If I'm not mistaken, the woman on the other side of the divider enjoyed a second climax.
The next morning, we were once again fogged-in. We had a late check out, so there was no need to rush. We took our coffee to the balcony. Laying on the floor was a paper airplane. We opened it and read the words - Thanks! We didn't sleep last night. I came four times and my husband twice! It was signed with a lipstick kiss.
"Doesn't it make you feel good, that we can provide entertainment for people?" I joked.
"You got that right. How about entertaining me?"
Off came her top. Down came her shorts. She grabbed the balcony rail, spread her legs, wiggled her naked ass, and purred, "Let's leave this clambake with a bang!"