But who is Mr. Hayden?
[Author's note: everyone involved is at least eighteen, and no kids are present.]
William and Dick were over for a family dinner. Something we tried to have once a month, since we all lived in the same area. After dinner, we retired to the music room, where some soft music was playing in the background, while we talked about recent events.
Dick said, "Well, it's been a while, but the bank is finally happy with the insurance settlement. Another five years, or so, and I'll own my own massage shop in Milpitas. And the folks from the hunting lodge you inherited really like my work."
William asked, "How did you guys meet them?"
I said, "Well, I got hired to evaluate a hiking trail outside San Jose. A fishing lodge had heard of me, and wanted my opinion of some hiking trails. Well, I was talking with the hunting lodge's former owner on a trail, when he suddenly died. He was a strange recluse of a man, including his last will and testament. The end result is I was named by my circumstance. He left everything to the last stranger he talked with, and one of his servants saw that was me. A few months later, the ink is dry, and I own a mansion in the hills, with a permanent staff and everything."
"So that's why you have those monthly visits to the country?"
"Yeah. Learning to manage the new staff, and all the assets is a lot of work. Fortunately, there are some accountants on that staff, and they are working with me to get me up to speed. I think I have a handle on most of it now, so I won't have the emergency calls I've been getting every once in a while."
Dick added, "As I was saying, those guys loooove what I can do with their bodies. And they love the eye candy, as well." At this, she lifted one of her breasts. Since she had just come from work, she was still in her work outfit, which was a short skirt and nothing on top.
William reached over and grabbed the other breast, and said, "Yep. Grade 'A' eye candy."
Dick just said, "William, down boy."
"Aw, do I have to?" He continued to play with her breast, but soon stopped as she gave him a look. "Okay, sis, I'll behave, for now." Then he released it.
Terry asked, "How is the bigger place doing?"
"Well, most of the old staff came with me, and the new staff is coming along nicely. I also have a good relationship with the cops. They know I push the edge of the law, but they also know I point them to, let's say, interesting people."
"Really?"
"Yeah. You know I have a sixth sense for criminals. The cops don't believe me, exactly, but they don't care, since I have a good track record."
I added, "Yeah, I do something similar at the night club. But I think I may have occasionally crossed the line of legality, and certainly crossed the line to the supernatural."
Will asked, "Mom, don't they have a problem with you doing, um... stuff? Or turning bad guys in?"
"Well, a lot of the ... stuff ... is forgotten. Perk of being me. As to turning bad guys in, I don't turn in the petty ones. That would be over half the clientele, some nights. No, I save it for the big bads. The ones that prey on the innocent, and enjoy harming others. Boss doesn't object as they also hurt business. But sometimes, I allow them to turn themselves in, or to at least sing like a canary. The cops wonder at it, but accept it like manna from heaven."
Terry said, "Mike, you may be made for sin, but man, you are truly good."
"Some might not agree."
Dick added, "Don't worry, mom. We know you mean well, generally. We also know you can kick butt when you must."
Terry added, "She can kick my butt any time she wants, and I bet I'd like it."
"Enough about me. William, what of you?"
"Well, since I was assigned to oversee the maintenance department, I have learned quite a lot. I had some issues at first, but I got them ironed out. Getting to know the people has proven enlightening. Some have been there since grandpa took over the company."
"So, you get why you need to be there?"
"Oh, yeah. I figured that out early. Our company is large, and one day, should I be selected, I might take over the company. In the meantime, I need to understand how all the various parts of the company work. I am curious, dad, why you haven't moved up into management."
"Well, I do fill in when my boss needs to be absent. He does like taking a three-week vacation and not be worried about the sales department going to hell. Also, I do quite well in sales. What you don't see, are my monthly reports to the board with what I see the customers wanting. Not just new products, but new ways of doing business, new relations, and even potential customers and rivals. Unlike the other salesmen, I am far more aware of how the company works, and how customers affect the company. I also spend one day a week reviewing stuff from all the other parts of the company, so I can keep aware of things."
"I didn't know any of that."
"When you finish your rotation, you will then seek out your place. When you find it, you will likely be given a similar role. Heck, if you wind up as a manager, you may take over, instead of me. I don't desire to be in management, but I will do so, if needed."
"Hm..."
"Don't get your hopes up yet. Gramps looks to be sticking around for a while."
Dick spoke up, and said, "Hey mom! I read on the net a story that Randy U is having troubles with a nasty rapist."
"Oh? Do tell."
"Well, mom, our alma mater seems to have some terrifying dude hunting on campus. He's preying on students, staff, even the campus cops. Yet they haven't been able to find any evidence of who he is. And the descriptions are not consistent. Also, he only attacks at night."
"Oh my! That's gonna hurt attendance."
"Yeah, they have already recommended people stay inside at night, but you know people. They will party, shop, and whatnot."
"Yep. Students go there to learn, yet continue to be stupid."
"I remember. But I'm thinking of taking some time off to check it out."
William said, "That's stupid."
At the same time, Terry said, "Huh? Why?"
"Something about the story seems to call to me. I want to find out more."
I said, "That doesn't seem wise. You should let the authorities handle it. If you want to contribute to their support fund, however, I am sure they would appreciate it."
"I already did."
"Send me the link, so I can read about it."
She pulled out her phone, and a few moments later, I heard a ding on mine. "Done."
We moved on to other topics for the rest of the evening. We had a few laughs as Terry told stories of his own rotation at work. William responded with two of his own. Dick and I told stories of our escapades at Randy U, and I added some from the country club and the strip club. Dick added some from the massage parlor. Shortly after nine, William said he had to leave, as he had to work the next day. Terry said to get used to it while in maintenance. Their work never stops, and they often do work when no one else is around to get in the way. We all got up and saw William off, then returned to the music room.
Once back, Dick said, "Mom, I didn't want to say anything in front of William, but when I said the story called to me, I mean it called to my supernatural self. That's how I know it must be some sort of evil, and not just some junkie getting out of hand doped up with PCP or something."
"You think it is something you must handle?"
"Yeah."
"Hm... I will go with you."
"Huh?"
"Mike, what are you saying? You can't both go! It's too dangerous."
"We both know that when she is called, she will go. I'm not going to take out the bad guy, as she's quite capable. No, I'm going to help her find him."
"But you'll be in danger."
"Yes, but I can handle myself fairly well, and I am sure Dick will not be far from me. Between the two of us, I think we'll be okay."
"Mom, you really think you can find him better than me?"
"Yes. I have certain supernatural senses that I think might be useful. And I can use them at a distance. So we could be in a van, and I could look while lying down in back."
"Oh! I had forgotten about that. And the van would protect us from whatever is out there, should we be surprised."
We talked a little more about this before Dick left. Terry and I retired to our bedroom, and got undressed. He was still clearly upset about the danger we would be in, so I briefly shifted to my hybrid-werewolf form to remind him I had my own supernatural combat abilities. That got us talking about the other werewolves. I told him there were only three left to cure, and all those who chose to remain as werewolves had already gone through the ritual. They still maintained the cured as part of the pack, and they had a playroom dedicated to them for when they needed to change.
I changed back, and we proceeded to have sex. In the morning, I woke him up by deepthroating him slowly. He didn't wake until he came. We then went to our shower, where he spent a lot of time washing my giant tits. Sometimes from the front, and sometimes from behind. While back there, he did me in the ass.
Dick and I coordinated our time off, so I could handle this month's full moon at the mansion, then we would go to the university. That was only a few days off, so we didn't feel there would be too much damage done. I rented a van, with a bed in the back. I also stopped in the SFSO (San Francisco Sheriff's Office) to visit the sheriff. I wore a business suit, and altered my appearance to a small woman, with small breasts. I had scoped him out while I circled the block before parking, and this was what turned him on.
It was clear he had noticed I only had two buttons done on my jacket, and that I wasn't wearing anything under the jacket. He also noticed my very short skirt. He was smart enough to invite me to talk to him at his table, rather than his desk. This let him sit catercorner to me, rather than across from me. It also meant he could see a nipple when I leaned forward, so I leaned forward a lot. I had him so hot and bothered, that he stopped even looking at my face. While he was bamboozled, I asked him to make two people his deputies. He called someone, and a moment later, his assistant came in.
"Yes, sir?"
"Maxie? I need two forms for making someone a deputy."
Maxie looked at me, and it was clear she knew who was really asking. So I used my powers to make her think things were perfectly normal.
Shaking her head briefly, she said, "Yes, sir. I'll be right back."
She left, and returned quickly with two forms. She handed them to the sheriff, who handed them to me. I said, "I'll fill these out now. Will you get some badges? I'm sure the sheriff will find everything in order."
Maxie rolled her eyes, and the sheriff nodded. She again left and returned, this time with a pair of badges. While she did that, I filled out the forms with Dick's info, and my info. It only took a few minutes, and the sheriff was staring at my nipple the whole time. Maxie left after asking if the sheriff wanted anything else.
I got up and walked over, so I could hand him the papers, and he read them over. Ten minutes later, he signed them, and handed me the badges. He again called Maxie, and had her make copies of the forms. While she went out and did that, I walked over to where I left my purse. Facing away from him, I bent over at the waist, with my legs a little apart, and put the badges in my purse. This gave him a great view up my skirt, where he saw I wasn't wearing panties either. When he realized what he saw, I felt him get a very hard erection. I stood up just before Maxie returned.
She handed the papers to the sheriff. He looked them over, nodded, and said, "Here, give her this set, then file the other set."
She came to me, and said, "Here's your copy. Please see to it they reach the new deputies."
"I shall." Then I pushed with my powers, and said, "Oh, after you process those, forget about me, what we are doing here, and forget you dealt with these papers. Instead, it was just a normal day."
Her eyes glazed a little, then she said, "Yes, ma'am. I never encountered you." She then walked out.
The sheriff asked, "What was that about?"
I walked over to him, unbuttoning my jacket, and said, "Just ensuring she won't disturb us." With the jacket now open, I took it off, and then slid down my skirt, leaving me in just a pair of heels. Fuck-Me heels.
Leaning over him, letting my nipple brush his shoulder, I said, "I'd like to thank you for your time. Is there some way I could...?"
"Yeah..." He started shedding his clothes, getting caught up with his equipment.
I said, "Patience. I have time. Tease me."
That slowed him down a little, and he was almost as fast. However, he left his shirt on, so just his dick was revealed.
He said, "I want you. Bend over."
So I leaned over the table, on my elbows, and with my legs wide enough to be the right height for him. Again, he was impatient, and he just thrust the whole way in my slit without warning. Then he grabbed my breasts, so I rewarded him with some low moans. Then he pulled out a bit, and began jack-hammering me. Soon, my moans got quicker and louder. I used my power to make the people outside, who might hear us, forget what they heard.
Half an hour later, I had had four orgasms, he had had two, and I had dressed. But I didn't do the buttons, so everyone could see I had nothing on under my jacket, even if they couldn't see my nipples. I spotted Maxie, and I wandered over to her.
It was clear she knew I was there, but she was also ignoring me, hoping I would go away. I could tell she had a thing for the sheriff, but he wasn't interested in her.
I leaned in to her, which opened the jacket enough to show my nipples, and I said, "You know, he's lying on the floor of his office naked, with a big hard-on. Now's your chance to show him what you got before he recovers enough to get dressed."
As I left, she got up and headed into his office. I smiled, and grew my breasts enough to cause the nipples to show. Then I walked out, hips swaying.
When the time came, we drove to Randy U's gym, officially known as the Jonathan Randal Athletic Center. I pulled in the lot, and found a spot to park. I got out, stretched, then got in back. Dick got out and got back in, in the driver's seat. She adjusted the controls to her comfort, then put the radio on softly.
"Hey mom, how long do you think we will have to stake out the area?"
"I doubt more than a few days. Oh, I got you a little present." I then dug in my purse and pulled out the shields, and handed her one. I then pinned mine to my top.
"What's this?" She turned it over a few times, and examined it.
"Just what it states. You and I are officially San Francisco deputies. I put in the paperwork a few days ago. They don't remember it, but it is filed in their system."
"You used your powers on them!"
"Yep. Either that, or chance a big bribe. I went for the sure thing. Also, if we are challenged, they will show up, since the records have had time to propagate."
"That should ease our stakeout. The campus cops should respect the badge."
"Yep. Shall we begin?" I waited for her nod. "Okay. You watch with your eyes, and I will check the area astrally. Last night at the club, I topped up, so I should be good for a few days." I then climbed in back, and lay down on the bed. It was small, so I just shrank sufficiently to fit well. My tits shrank proportionally, and were now only double-Ds.
I waited until shortly after sunset to leave my body. I didn't want others to notice anything. When I left, I wandered into the athletic center, and kept close to the high ceilings. There I would hover, and look to see who was about. As expected, there weren't many people about, and they congregated in groups when they left or came. It took only moments to see they were the usual people you might expect. I did take a few moments feeding lightly from a couple having sex in a closet. I remembered doing that back when I went here.
Next, I left the complex, and started going out and back, while also going clockwise. I stayed about twenty feet up to stay out of sight. I scanned everyone I came across, and everyone seemed to be normal, if a little worried, unless they were in a crowd. I then went on the next out and back. And another, and another. There were a number of anomalies, but most were couples hooking up. When I encountered such, I snacked before continuing. It got light out, so I returned. Sitting up, I felt exhausted, and Dick immediately noticed.
"Mom, what's wrong?"
"Just exhausted. How about you?"
"I'm okay. I just phased out, so I wouldn't get tired. Don't worry. I kept watch, and when one of the campus cops came, I phased in long enough to handle him. After he left, I phased out again."
"Smart girl. About me. I need sex. A lot of sex. Where can I get a lot at this time of day?"
"Why don't we drive out to your mansion. I'm sure the guys there would love to sex you."
"You're right. And even if they are not enough, they will take the edge off, and I can visit some gyms. Wake me when we get there." I closed my eyes, only to open them when Dick shook my shoulder.
"Mom, we're here."
"Huh?"
"Change back to your normal looks, while I get the guys."
"Oh! Right." I focused on changing, only to feel even more drained. I finally succeeded. The next thing I noticed, Dick was talking to a pair of them, and the back opened.
"Guys, she is sex starved. She needs a lot of sex, so can you take her inside, and find someplace where she can have sex?"
"How can she be starved for sex? That's not a thing."
"It is when you are a succubus."
"What!?"
"You heard me. That's why she was able to take down your former master."
"She'll drain us."
"Not while I am here. Also, once she has enough to realize what she is doing, she won't need me to stop her anymore. Now, carry her."
"But what if..."
"Look, she never hurt you before. She won't now. Besides, she's so weak, you will have to initiate sex."
"Oh."
"Now get her."
I was lifted, and taken to the living room. Someone was sent to get some sheets and pillows. Shortly, they had me lying on the thick rug, with the sheets. Dick started undressing me, which was easy, as I always wear accessible clothing.
Dick said to the four guys, "Who's first? Come on, my mom needs sex now."
"Your mom?"
"Yes. Since you spoke, you're first. Strip, and do her now." She glared at him until he started to strip. Then she added, "You others, strip as well. One will not be enough."
Later, Dick told me how the first guy hesitated, but once his dick touched my skin, I seemed to come alive, and instantly wrapped him in my arms and legs, and pulled his dick into me. Then I seemed to go into overdrive, as I did him. She let me come as often as I wanted, but stopped me after he came three times. The first one was the hardest, but she grabbed my head, and shouted in my face to stop. That shook them, but I did pull back, and she had to almost push the next guy onto me. When she stopped me the second time, she didn't have to shout, or repeat, and I released the guy more easily. The third time, she touched my shoulder and said that one was done.
As she said this, they realized I was regaining my sense of self, and no longer a sex monster. Others had arrived by then, and Dick saw to it that they all took a turn. On the sixth one, I had regained enough to stop myself, and ask for the next person. Dick called Terry to let him know we were okay. I finished shortly before noon, so we stayed for lunch.
On the way home, we stopped at a few gyms to exercise. I used my power to waltz in without membership. In the men's locker room, we put our clothes in the lockers, and then headed into the gym in the nude. I used my power to make everyone accept our presence, and to make those who desired sex with us, to approach us. It didn't take long. Soon, I was in a gang bang with several guys. Meanwhile, Dick let several to do her, but she insisted on only one at a time. After feeding on both the ones doing me, and the ones doing Dick, we took showers. Of course, we let others do the washing, which I could also feed off, and then the drying. Finally we dressed, and left.
At the second gym, it was about the same, but rather than get dressed after showering, I suggested we just get our clothes and head straight to the van. A few minutes later, I sensed a large crowd of horny people. I told Dick where to turn, and soon realized we were headed to a comic convention. We looked at each other, and said in unison, "Nerds!" and smiled. I changed my appearance completely, focusing on the common desire of the nerds. It made me a little shorter, and very narrow wasted, but with a big butt.
"I can't change that much. What do you suggest?"
"Do what you can, and make your dick prominent. Then you can be a futa."
"Oh! And these nerds will love it!"
As we entered, I was surprised how little I needed to use my power. When we approached the desk to get tickets, we were asked what our names were, and what were we pretending to be. I said, "My name is Randy, and I am dressed as a succubus."
He wrote up our ID, and even put it on a string so I could wear it on my neck. "That will be twenty-five dollars."
I opened my purse, and dug about a bit, then said, "Oh dear, I seemed to have forgotten my credit cards. Would you accept something else?" I then played with my pussy a bit.
"I'm not sure..."
"Hey, I expect to get laid while I am here. I am playing a naked succubus, after all." I then used a little power, and he succumbed.
I heard a 'zzzzip', then he stepped out, with his dick hanging out his pants. I walked around to him, then pulled his dick into me.
While all this was happening, Dick was in the adjacent line, and the lady said, "Name?"
"Horny."
"Costume?"
"Futa, see." She grabbed her dick to illustrate. She just nodded.
Her ID was written up similarly, including the string. "Payment?"
She held up her hands, and said, "She was going to pay, but I can pay the same way she is."
'zzzzip'
Clearly the lady was willing to join her fellow in doing us in front of everyone, except she left her skirt and panties behind. I made sure everyone came twice, and that I fed a little from each. When we finished, we collected out IDs and headed into the show, thanking them. I noticed that while she put her skirt back on, she also put her panties in her purse with a smile.
We were barely twenty feet into the hall when some people called out.
"Hey Randy! Hey Horny!"
We stopped, and they came up to us. "What's up, fellas?"
"Are you really a succubus and a futa?"
I twirled, then took his hand and put it on my breast, and said, "Well, we are dressed for sex, so what do you think?" Dick didn't twirl, but pulled a guy's hand to her pussy, and smiled.
The guy massaging my breast said, "I think I'm in love."
"Nope. You're in lust. But hey, I like it. You want to do something more... intimate?" I then pulled his other hand to my pussy.
He looked around, then said, "Where?"
"Why not here? I don't mind, and you can show off for your friends."
Dick added, "And you all can have a competition to see who can hold out the longest doing us both."
He seemed hesitant, so I reached out, and undid his belt, then lowered his pants. Dick did the same to the guy she was with. Shortly, we were both up against the wall, being banged. I made sure they all stayed and took turns doing us.
It took half an hour to get to the first booth. By this time, everyone knew we were there for sex. Also, having noticed several ladies eyeing us, I beckoned them to us, and we both did them all.
Together, we only made a single circuit before we left. The whole time, I made sure no one remembered what we looked like, as we moved on. Along the way, near the food court, people gave us food and drink. When we went to the bathroom, we even had company, but we drew the line and closed the doors to the stalls. We then left, and once in our van, I restored my normal appearance. Dick also recalled her dick, and then we got dressed.
"Wow. That was some day."
"Yeah, and now I am topped up again. I'll drive now, back to Randy U."
"Aren't you worried you will be wasted again?"
"No. But then I won't overextend like that again. I think we should wander the streets, and let him find us. If you want to possess me, you can. If you would rather be invisible, that's okay. While wandering about, I'll scan directly, but in my body. I may get tired, but I won't be wiped. And since I work on my feet, I can handle it easily."
"I work on my feet, at least most of the time."
"And the other part of the time?" Smiling, I already knew the answer.
"That's when I'm having sex, and my feet are in the air." She smiled as she said that.
I climbed around and went in back where I got dressed, came out, locked the van, and said, "Let's head this way. That's where I left off."
We walked about a block apart. Both of us were focused on the area around us, but we kept awareness of each other with our power. Leading the way, I scanned for an evil presence as we reached the corner. Following, Dick was also looking. After a few minutes, I realized why I got so drained yesterday. I was scanning continually, rather than every once in a while.
We had been out for two hours, when I felt something. "Dick? I think I felt something that way. You?"
We both stopped, and she checked. "Yes. I feel it also. But it is moving away from us."
"Looks like you have a better read. Lead the way, so we can get in front of it."
She nodded, and started jogging in the direction I felt. I followed, and caught up to her, but remained as quiet as I could. I also changed my form to a 'more-helpless-looking' one, trying to use what little I felt to help define the form. Oddly enough, I wasn't having the difficulty seeing things in the dark that Dick had.
Suddenly, she turned a corner, and jogged over a block before returning to our path. I could feel that evil presence was near, and in the direction we just went around. A few blocks later, she turned another corner to return to the road we had been on. Just before reaching the corner to that road, she stopped to catch her breath. I, too, took the opportunity to catch my breath. She then waited a bit before waving me forward, and signaled I should head away.
I moved forward as though I had been walking along by myself, then turned to cross the street. I crossed it quickly, then slowed down once I crossed. I continued walking away, keeping my senses peeled for the evil, and for Dick. I had already seen her fade, so she wouldn't be spotted.
I thought for sure I would be attacked within a block or two, but I got five blocks away before I was attacked. The first thing I did was ratchet up my pheromones, so I would make him sex crazy. That would also make him putty in my hands. But it failed utterly. While he was ripping off my clothes, I could feel no sexual connection to him, yet his actions were sexual. He mauled my breast, and whipped me around and forced a kiss on me with a lot of tongue.
While his tongue was in my mouth, I shifted a little to get werewolf canines. Biting down, one canine pierced his tongue, and he screamed. The other teeth squeezed his tongue, threatening to tear it if he did anything. Just then, Dick appeared and hit him from behind in the kidneys.
We were both caught by surprise with his reaction. He shoved me away powerfully, causing him to lose part of his tongue. I fell to the ground a few feet away, and spat out the flesh I had bitten off. He turned to Dick and started punching her, showing no effect from our attack. Her own martial arts training proved superior, and he quickly realized it. Then he surprised us again by suddenly winking out. Wondering what happened, I looked for the piece of tongue I bit off, and while I found a wet spot where I had spat it, there was no flesh. Dick, meanwhile, was looking off in the distance.
"Dick, what just happened?"
"I don't know, but I think I got a line on where he went."
"Is he still close? I don't feel him."
"No, he lit out of here fast. Real fast. Almost instantly."
"Why did he take so long to attack?"
"Yeah, about that. I was watching invisibly, and when he came past the corner, he stopped, and looked almost directly at me. Then he looked around where I was, but finally decided nothing was there, before moving on. After he got a block away, I followed at a distance, so I wouldn't be noticed. What about you? Why didn't you take him out with sex? He surely wanted it."
"Yeah, he sure did. I turned up the heat to max, and it didn't affect him. Nor did I feel any sense of sexuality from him. His actions said one thing, but his body and mind said nothing."
"I wonder..."
"What, Dick."
"What if he wasn't a real person, but a spirit?"
"That could explain things. But why now?"
"Who knows. I'm gonna take some notes from here, and maybe we can find his lair." She brought out her phone, and started typing. When she finished, she put her phone away, and mine dinged. Looking at it, I saw she sent me what she typed.
"Good. We now both have copies, just in case. What next?"
"Tracking. If we keep on this line, we might sense him."
"And if we find him?"
"Watch and study from a distance. He's too quick for us, so we will have to set a trap."
"Okay. Lead on."
Having to detour around the block, instead of going as the crow flies, slowed us down, as did scanning to sense him. Two hours later, we got to the edge of the campus, and a bit beyond, before giving up. We returned to the van, and left, not expecting anything more tonight. I drove home, while Dick slept.
While Dick simply went to the guest room to sleep, I went very quietly to my closet, and dug out my book about succubi. I then left, again taking care not to wake Terry. I then went into the kitchen, and began looking through the book for how to deal with spirits. There were many kinds, but I found what I was looking for: a binding circle. I then studied how it worked, and if there was a way I could make it capture a free spirit. I found some charms that should help, and also ones to mask Dick's presence. Next, I had to find the materials I needed to make the magic happen.
In the morning, we would need to head to some stores to get everything, but I was more worried about the binding circle, as it needed to be anchored, and a quick chalk drawing would not suffice. I had to somehow figure out a way to have it spring forth all complete and do so in moments. I was stymied, and so after half an hour, I gathered up everything, put it in a bag, and went to bed.
I didn't have to worry about waking Terry as I got into bed, since all I needed to do was lean over and touch him to link with his dreams. Halfway into them, I could then physically slide next to him, and the dream would account for the sensations of my nude body cuddling his nude form. And when his erection sprang up moments later, I easily slid it in, and he started to make love to me, both in bed, and in the dream.
I woke to motion in the bed, and when I opened my eyes, I saw Dick doing Terry, and he was loving it. I just smiled, and enjoyed the sexual energy that oozed out and into me. Not feeding exactly, but absorbing the ambient energy.
Terry whispered to Dick, "Should we wake your mother?"
She whispered back, "No need. She's awake. See the smile? She knows what we are doing. It's like a morning coffee to her."
"Huh?"
"Yeah. There's no way she can't feel our energy. See how her nipples are standing up?"
"Oh!"
"So don't worry. Go for it, I'm game."
"Go for what?"
"Whatever sexual thing you want."
"Oh..." He thought a bit, then switched places and had her place her hands on the other side of me, so he could drill her from behind. That caused our breasts to slide past each other, and get us both aroused.
Finally, I couldn't take any more, so I whispered to Dick, "Hey, give me your head."
She opened her eyes in curiosity, then seemed to shrug, and said, "Take it."
I reached up, and it came off easily. I then maneuvered it between my legs so she could eat me out. As soon as she touched, she started to lick me.
"Deeper, quicker, harder!" I sort of whispered to her. She heard, and complied.
Dick and I had several orgasms before Terry was ready to blow. Somehow, Dick knew when that would be, and somehow managed to have her tongue all the way to my G-spot and also bit down on my clit as he blew. The whole time we were all coming, I could feel her tongue writhe on my G-spot, even though I could also feel teeth on both sides of my clit. That was some impressive rug munching.
When I was able, I pulled her head off of me, and asked, "How can you do that?" But oddly, I could still feel her tongue inside of me. She just lifted one arm, and reached into my pussy with her hand, and then she pulled out what looked like a tongue. She then brought it to her head, and opened her mouth. I didn't see any tongue there, and then she stuffed the tongue in her mouth.
A moment later, she said, "I learned how to also detach my tongue. Neat trick, huh?"
"Yeah. I feared you bit through it when you clamped down on my clit."
"Well, I realized when I eat myself out in the shower, I wasn't able to get that full-on orgasm, so I thought about it, and came up with it. Took a month to perfect, but now, I wake up with a major orgasm every morning." Then she grinned.
Terry said, "Hey, will one of you clean me up?"
I handed him Dick's head, even as I said, "Dick, I'll clean you up." I then moved to eat her out, while Terry stuffed his dick into her mouth.
She had just put her head back on, when a knock on the door occurred.
"Sir, your breakfast is here."
"Oh, bring it in."
The door opened, and the butler was so used to the sight of us naked and together, he didn't even bat an eye. Instead, "Will you ladies desire something to eat?"
Dick whispered, "We just ate."
I frowned momentarily, but then said, "A light breakfast will do. Toast, jam, and juice, please, for both of us."
Dick whispered, "You're no fun," and pouted. But only for a moment before she grinned.
After breakfast, Dick and I went out to some stores to get the needed supplies, and also to brainstorm how to have a portable circle. She came up with a two-toned roll-up circle. We went to a self-service shop that could handle a circle eight-feet wide. I figured we would need the help of the technician, but apparently, Dick knew enough about CAD systems, as she had helped lay out her new massage parlor. So we went to a station where we wouldn't be disturbed, and she drew it to my directions. Meanwhile, I opened the book and described everything. The geometric shapes went extremely fast, but the symbols were a bitch.
After trying to make one by hand, and having a very tough time of it, Dick asked, "Mom? What's the name of the symbol?"
"Huh?'
"I'm going to see if I can see if there's a picture online."
"You think someone would do that?"
"Worth a shot."
So I gave her the name, and she opened a browser on the computer, and did some searches. She quickly came to a picture that looked exactly like what we wanted.
"There it is. Now what?"
"I look for one that's in an acceptable vector format, and download it. Give me a few moments... Found it. This one good?" She then displayed the image full screen so I could see.
"Yes. Looks good."
She then imported this into the system, then asked for the next symbol. Half-an-hour later, we had all the symbols we needed. Then she worked them into place where they were needed. She then set the colors, and gave me a full-screen display of the result.
I asked to sit in the chair and then looked it over. I must have spent twenty minutes checking every aspect against the book, and against itself. Finally I nodded, and got up.
She then did a bunch of things, and shortly both our phones rang, and then she exited the program.
"All done, and we both have the saved file. Also, I submitted it for creation. We just have to pay for it."
We walked to the counter, and as I got out my credit card, she spoke to the help, and he brought up the image on his screen. He turned it around for us to see, and I handed him my card. As soon as the card cleared, he started the job, and said it would be done in about twenty minutes.
I could sense this guy wasn't a big tit fan, and thought Dick looked real hot, so I said, "I'll just go over and sit. When you're done talking, come join me." As I turned, I gave her a wink to let her know he was into her. That brought a smile, and they started talking.
When I sat, I pretended not to watch, but I had a good side-front view, and saw the zipper holding her top together slowly move down without being touched. When she gestured with some more exuberant moves, the zipper went down faster. When the job was done, we heard a ding. She twisted her torso to look where the ding came from, and that caused a nipple to pop out. The guy could hardly believe his eyes.
She then turned to me, and the other nipple popped out. She called, "Hey, the thing's done." She then watched the guy turn away to get the finished product, and roll it up for us in a tube. As he was not looking, Dick quickly phased out, causing her clothing to fall to the floor, then phased back in. It took only a moment, but suddenly, she was nude.
When the guy turned back to us, he was stunned. I commanded him, "Come here." and he came. I then took the circle from him, and turning up the pheromones commanded, "Take her."
He was in a daze, but approached. When he reached for her, she leaned into him, and quickly hopped the counter.
Dick said, "Do me, now."
He hurriedly stripped, and then took her. As he did, I used my powers to make him forget the job, and to then have fun.
I fed a little as they had sex, and also turned the door sign to 'Back in fifteen minutes', but left the shades up, in case anyone got curious and wanted to watch. I was disappointed no one did. As they dressed, I again used my powers to cause him to forget us and our job, but to remember the sex. As he sat down, smiling, I turned the sign back to 'open', and we walked out.
"That was nice. Thanks. Mom."
"My pleasure, or should I say yours?"
"Either way, I'm happy. So. Now we have the circle, what's next?"
"Charging it. While anyone might make this, unless they know how to charge it, it will probably fail."
"Oh? Why?"
"Blood is needed to channel the power into it, and to command it. I will use your and my blood."
"Will that work for me? I've noticed that my blood tends to disappear a few minutes after it is spilled."
"Oh... I hadn't thought of that. Hm... Best not chance it then. That means that you won't be able to trigger it."
"Where will we charge it?"
"Theater department stage. They don't do mornings, because they have all those night performances. We have maybe two hours before someone will come."
We drove there, and parked the van, then headed to the front door. It was locked.
"Damn. Forgot that it would be locked at this time of day."
Dick just looked at me, then put her hand through the door, and suddenly it opened. When it was wide enough, I saw Dick's hand pushing from the other side. We quickly walked it.
"Fire safety regulations require all public doors open out all the time, even when locked."
"I didn't know that. Also, neat skill you have there. Use it much?"
"Sometimes. I'll block the view, and then reach in to open a locked car door for a friend. They just think I have a magical way of making it happen."
"You do."
"True, but not in any way they would expect."
"Hehe."
We wound our way to the stage, and I laid out the things needed. Opening the book, I quickly read over the incantation, so I wouldn't stumble over the words. Dick unrolled the circle, and we both inspected it for damage.
"Dick, please get behind me, so I don't get distracted."
Rather than say anything, she just moved.
I put a catering burner on a cork pad, then set the small pot in a holder above it, and began the process. First, the water from a water bottle, then lighting the flame. When the water was just before boiling, I began to add the assorted ingredients. I stirred it occasionally, and when it came to a boil, I let it simmer until half the water was gone. Then I caused one of the nails on my right hand to sharpen and lengthen. Using it to lightly cut my left arm, I held the arm over the pot, so it would catch the drops of blood. As they slowly dripped in, I said words of power, placing my will into it.
With the final word said, I pulled back my arm, and caused the wound to heal. I returned my nail back to normal. Then I let the pot simmer some more, stirring it occasionally, and added more ingredients. Finally, it was ready. I put the lid on the burner, and then poured the rest of the water bottle into the pot, making sure it was well mixed. The water also cooled it and the pot.
I then shifted over to the circle, and placed my right hand, palm down, onto it. Again, focusing on the diagram of the circle and the symbols, I used my left hand to lift the pot to my lips. I then took a sip, and said the first symbol. As I did, I focused my will on that symbol. Then another sip, and the name of the second symbol. I sipped and named all the symbols three times. Next, I brought all the symbols together in my mind, and focused on it as a unity of concept. When I was ready, I then drank the rest of the brew, all the while pouring my will into the circle. When I put the pot down behind me, I brought my left hand to my forehead, and said the final incantation, that sealed the power into this circle.
I felt a rush of power leave me, and I slumped. I then pulled my hands back beside me, and turned to Dick, and said, "It is finished. We now have a portable spirit catcher, and I need to rest."
"Should I bring some people in to have sex?"
"No. Not that kind of tired. I felt the rush of magic into the circle, and it left me tired. I just need to rest."
She looked at her phone, and said, "Well, we have about half an hour before noon. Rest for a bit, but not too long. Hey, if you lie down, I can give you a massage."
"Oh, that sounds nice." I moved away from the magical stuff, and when ten feet away, I lay down. "Careful not to touch any of that. I don't want to leave a mess."
She moved and sat on my butt, and began her massage. It felt so good, it took me a few moments to realize I was feeling her hands directly on my back.
"Dick? What are you doing? I feel your hands?"
"Oh, that. I've been practicing, and I can now de-materialize my hands just enough to pass the clothing, and then re-materialize the fingers beneath it. That lets me do all sorts of sneaky things in the dark. You like?"
"All sorts of things? Like what?"
"Fondling a guy's dick inside his pants. Or fingering a gal. Sometimes both at the same time."
"Hehe. When do you get a chance to do that last one?"
"I sometimes haunt the local theater, and if I find a couple is trying and failing to 'get it on', I help out with some intimate touching."
"Naughty girl."
"Guilty as charged. But sometimes, there's a lonely person masturbating to an R movie. I'll sneak up on them, and assist. I've even been known to sort of appear naked and on their lap. When they go to touch me, I materialize enough for them to feel, but if they press, they go through. If they allow it, I'll have sex with them."
"Aren't you worried?"
"Not really. I can tell the bad ones, and don't go near them. As for being seen, that's half the fun. By now, that theater is rumored to have a horny ghost. It helps them sell tickets."
"How..."
I never finished my question, nor heard her answer, as I fell asleep. She woke me up at five till.
"Huh?"
"Time to clean up and leave."
"Oh!" I turned over, and wiped the sleep from my eyes. I then moved over to the working area, and put everything away, but packed the pot carefully. I would need to physically and ritually clean it later. Then I rolled up the circle.
Standing, I said, "Let's go."
We left, no one the wiser, and headed to the nearest park with BBQ pits. Having been there for my degree, I knew where several were. We pulled in, and walked to an unused picnic site with a pit, and I set up a light picnic.
"Huh? I thought we were going to clean the pot?"
"We are, but that needs fire, and having a fire without eating will draw attention. The hot dogs are camouflage. We cook them, and as the fire dies down, I do the cleaning, and you eat some. I then finish and join you, and then we both have pie."
"Oh. I had wondered at all the food."
"It's called planning ahead."
"You!"
"Guilty."
Twenty minutes later, I was placing the dogs on a plate and handed it to Dick. While she took them to the picnic table, I knocked the grill to the side, and began cleaning the pot. First I used a thin stick to scrape the remnants out of the pot. They were the residue left from the mix, kind of like tea leaves in the bottom of a cup of tea. Then I put the pot in the fire, and shoved some coals and small sticks in. The sticks caught quickly, and I said the ritual words, and the fire turned brighter inside the pot. I could feel the heat there was much higher than the rest of the fire. I continued with the ritual words until I felt the magic in and about the pot was no longer affected by the pot. Then I finished the ritual, and the fire inside the pot flamed out, and the rest of the pit went cold. I reached in, and picked up the pot, and emptied it of the ash. Then I rinsed it with water from another water bottle before pouring the rest of the water into the pit. I then joined Dick and ate.
"Let's get back home, so I can examine the circle. I can put it in one of the unused rooms to check it."
"Okay mom. I'll drive, so you can nap. You still look a little tired."
"I am, a little. Thanks."
Back home, I went to an unused guest room, and unrolled the circle. Both to check it, but also to check out how well it would instantly set up. Dick waited by the locked door and watched me. She would handle anyone who knocked. I spent maybe an hour casting spells, and studying it minutely.
When I was done, I rolled it up, and said, "Looks good. The magic is unimpaired by being rolled up. Even the fact it is vinyl does not seem to be an issue. I'm going to head to my bed for now. Can you put this in the van, and then wake me if I am not up by dinner."
"Sure mom. Goodnight."
I woke to the smells of dinner. Opening my eyes, I was surprised to see Dick there, reading her phone.
"Hi."
"Oh! You're awake. Good. It's almost dinner."
"Why are you here?"
"Figured I'd watch over you while you slept, to ensure you get rest. You good?"
"Yeah. Lets go eat."
Later, as dinner was over, and I said goodbye to Terry, I looked at Dick and said, "Let's roll."
She smiled, and said, "Mom? You plan on driving naked again?"
I looked down and saw I was naked. No one said anything, as it is a common occurrence around here. "Oops. Forgot. Meet you in the van." I then rushed upstairs to dress.
That night, we started in the same area and began our sweep. No luck. The next day, there was a report, and we realized he had moved again. The next night, we swept the area we thought he might show, and we got lucky. Again, Dick sensed him better than I did. She led the way, then as we neared, she sent me on ahead.
I was dressed completely differently than last time, including a wig and makeup. Once Dick started me as a decoy, she backed off to not spook him. She then followed him as he stalked me. It only took him three blocks, when he attacked. While I pretended to fight him off, scratch that, as I tried to fight him off, I was also distracting him.
Dick approached very carefully, and when she was in position, she whipped the circle open behind him. When it was out and spread on the ground, I pushed us to make him fall into the circle, with me on top. As we hit the ground within the circle, I said the magic words, and I felt it activate.
I said, "Got you," even as I was holding him down on the ground.
Dick double checked, and echoed, "Yes. He's completely inside the circle. He's trapped now."
The evil man stopped fighting long enough to look about, and realizing Dick was there, and there was some kind of circle, roared.
"Bitches!" He then shoved me away, and I felt the magic of the circle try to hold me, but failed because I was part of its magic. But then he stood up, and said, "You will not contain me! I am Hayden the powerful." Then he disappeared.
I no longer felt him, nor, apparently, did Dick. But she was looking off in the distance again.
I asked, "How? The circle didn't even slow him down."
"I don't know, but he went over there. Let me note it." She then got out her phone. Soon, I heard a ding. Checking, it was another sight line and starting point. But with the older one, we now had a place of interest.
In the meantime, I was studying the circle. I tried a few spells, and determined it should be working. Finally, I said the other magic words, and made it dormant. I thought that capturing him would require some outside help.
"That's it for tonight. We failed. I think we need help from the coven."
"Okay, mom. I'll drive us home. Tomorrow, you can go see them."
Again, I joined Terry, but in the morning, it was just us, as Dick went back to her home.
In the morning, I called Lisa, my contact with the coven. She answered on the third ring.
"Hello, Lisa here."
"Hi there."
"Mike, how are you doing? Settling into your inheritance?"
"Yes, I am coping. Taxes are going to be a bitch. I am also amazed at just what all I inherited."
"We are, as well. Lady Astarte appreciates your green-lighting the sale of several properties."
"I am glad things are working out for you."
"So then, what is the occasion for this call?"
"You've heard about the Randall University rapist?"
"Yeah..."
"Well, being an alum, and being what I am, I thought I could help the police out without them knowing."
"Really? That could be dangerous, as the reports say he is quite strong."
"That's why I enlisted my daughter Dick. She has a black belt, and also some supernatural strength. Our plan came together, and I successfully lured him into attacking me. While occupied with me, Dick came from behind. She was more than a match for him, and he soon realized it. That's when things went sideways."
"Are you two okay? Were you hurt? What happened?"
"Oh, we're fine. But when he realized how things were going, he disappeared."
"What!?"
"Yes. He was there one moment, and gone the next. My senses lost track of him, but Dick's were able to get a direction. We left to plan what to do next. We decided we were not facing true flesh, and figured it was some kind of spirit."
"That does seem likely."
"Well, I have limited magical reference material, but I was able to design a portable binding circle. In tests, it seemed to work, but when we went back, with him inside it, he fled again, even though it was active."
"You made a portable binding circle? That is very difficult, what with the precision needed, and the timing you had to get him in without him knowing it was there."
"Oh, it wasn't there when he attacked me. I just kept his attention while Dick tossed it out behind him, then when it was down, I toppled us both into it. His surprise at my move made it work. Too bad it failed."
"What happened then?"
"Well, Dick got a direction on him, but we went back home. We're stuck, and that's why I'm calling."
"You want our help?"
"That would be great, but I don't expect much more than just advice. Can I come out to talk to someone?"
"I suspect so, but I will have to relay your story first, and it will be up to Betty."
"Thank you. Call when you have news."
We ended the call, and I went to get breakfast. I got a callback about an hour later.
"Hello, Mike?"
"Yes. Is this Betty?"
"It is. Lisa told me your story. Can you come to the library at 2:00 PM? Several of us would like to ask you and Dick some questions."
"We would be happy to come."
"Thank you. See you this afternoon."
I gave Dick a call, and she came over for lunch. Afterwards, bringing the binding circle, we headed to the San Jose Public Library. We met Lisa, and she took us to a reading room with a 'Reserved' sign on the door. She knocked, then opened it, and ushered us in. I was surprised she closed the door without also coming in.
Our arrival was noted, and Betty called out, "Hello Mike. Hello Dick. We're just waiting on one more."
"This is a few more than I expected. Including some people I don't recognize."
"As you know, this library serves several paranormal groups. Well, when word spread about what the rapist wasn't, people showed interest. As it is, we had to exclude a number of people. But we are recording this, so they can watch it later."
"I hadn't thought it would be that big."
"Well, anything supernatural gets us interested. Your firsthand encounters will be quite illuminating, I think. Also, many of us have our pet ideas as to what the rapist really is. What's that you're carrying?"
"I brought the binding circle, so your people could look at it, and tell me if it failed because it was flawed, or if it was something else. Not having made anything before, I suspect the former, but our tests indicate the latter."
"You brought it here?"
"Should I take it out to the car?"
"No, no, not that. It's just that it's so small, and doesn't look like much. How does it work? What's it made of? Wait. Save all that for later. It will just distract everyone, and our last guest has arrived. Let's head to the podium, so I can introduce you to everyone."
We then ambled over to it, and she took a gavel resting on it, and banged for attention with three soft taps. The silence descended so quickly, I was surprised. I also felt Dick was surprised, but I think she hid it better.
Betty began, "Thank you all for coming. Let's begin the meeting with a description of events from our special guests. This is Mike, who has recently taken care of the vampire problem. She is a friend of the coven. She has called upon us, for our help. Beside her is Dick, who has helped her in this. Please welcome them, and when their story is done, we will ask our questions, and later, we will move the chairs so we can discuss with each other to figure out what advice and action is needed... Mike, the mic is yours."
She stepped away, and sat in a nearby chair. I moved to the mic, and retold our tale, skipping the waits, but adding as much detail as I could recall. I had Dick narrate her parts as well. I saw they were surprised that the rapist spoke clearly, and knew when to abandon his hunt. Afterwards, there were a lot of questions about what I knew ahead of time, and later, about my attempt at capture.
When I said I brought the binding circle with me, a lot of people clamored to see it. Betty stood, and said over the noise, "Quiet, please. The crafters can stay afterwards to look at it." She then turned to me, and said, "Just tell them what spells you planned to trap the spirit with."
I nodded, and told them. They were antsy to check it out, but soon settled down. While our presentation took only twenty minutes, the questioning took nearly an hour before everyone ran out of questions. Betty again stood, and closed the questions, and told folks to move their chairs for discussion.
"Mike, Dick, come with me."
We followed her, and soon found we were seated with several coven members, and an unknown man. He introduced himself.
"Hello Mike, Dick. Odd names, that. Not that I can talk. I'm Samuel Hane. Born at the stroke of midnight between October and November. I thought I hated the book 'Shane' in school, because I signed everything S. Hane. Then I learned about where Halloween came from. I finally understood why my folks gave me that name."
"I, too, have a story. My dad could not accept I was a girl, and as my mother died in childbirth, no one stopped him giving me that name. Dick, however, chose her name."
"Yeah, my real middle name is Richard, so... I now go by Dick. At least no one forgets my name."
I added, "You seem to be one of only a few men here. How is that?"
"I'm a warlock. Yeah, I know most such are evil. As Lady Astarte will tell you, I am neutral. I don't go out of my way to do good, but we do trade favors. My own research involves spirits, and what I heard earlier piqued my interest. Now that I've heard firsthand, I am even more interested. I am curious as to why you thought you two would be able to handle it after learning it was not flesh."
I looked at Betty, and asked, "Do you trust him with my secret?" She nodded. Looking back, I said, "I am a succubus. Again, not evil like most such. As I care for my community, these ladies have chosen to accept me as a friend."
"Yes, Mike's secret is known to us. It is why we sought her help with the vampire. They fought, she won."
"And you, Miss Richard?"
"Please, I prefer Dick. Both ways. Mike is my mother, and I have my own supernatural nature. I suppose I fall under the good, but mischievous label. I can sense evil, especially if it is active. I sense none here."
With the introductions over, they got to talking, and I asked questions occasionally. Several were surprised at my level of understanding, or at least familiarity. After a bit, Betty excused herself, and told us to stay here. I saw her visit each group in turn, and when she came back, she suggested a few things the others had suggested. Then she went around again, no doubt doing the same for the rest. Finally, after an hour, she went back to the podium, and banged the gavel softly. Everyone grew quiet.
"Thank you everyone for your thoughts. Please make a summary, including any further thoughts, and submit them through the librarian. We will consolidate and send you the collected notes. This meeting is adjourned. Crafters, please stay a bit." Over the next few minutes, more than three-quarters of the people left. Only six remained. Samuel was one.
Betty called everyone to the largest table, and asked, "Mike, if you would show us what you brought?"
"The table is too small. Those two, if next to each other, would be barely enough, and it will still go over the edge a little."
"In that case, folks, lets re-arrange things. Put those two tables next to each other, but leave a few inches between them."
When that was done, Dick and I spread out the binding circle. "As you can see, this is a magic circle, and I have the symbols needed to bind a spirit. It is blood linked to me, and I can turn the binding on and off, as I need. I don't know if I made a flawed item, or if he was too strong, or not a spirit. Please examine it."
One of the older ladies said, "This is vinyl! No wonder it is flexible. But what about breaking the lines?"
I answered, "That's the beauty of it. The lines are solid vinyl, and colored differently from the base vinyl. Even if scratched, you just reveal more vinyl of the same color, so the lines will break only if cut fully across a line."
"Amazing. Lady Astarte, just think of the applications!"
"Yes, Mother Maggie. But is it a suitable medium for magic? How long will it last? And most importantly, if it did work once, does it still work?"
"Oh! You're right. This will need a lot of testing."
As she quieted down, Samuel spoke, "From what I can see, this form is correct for binding a spirit, but it may not work for all spirits equally."
I asked, "How so?"
"Spirits come in many strengths, and motivations. Some have names, some do not. If it had a name, it might be able to push out with some effort."
Dick spoke, "We saw no effort. It was within, then the next moment, it was gone outside."
"I think we need to test this, to see if it actually works. Lady Astarte, is there someplace nearby...?"
"Yes. The work room at the lodge isn't far. It's also protected, so we don't have to worry about accidents as much, nor about uninvited guests." She looked around, and then said, "Shall we reconvene there in half an hour?" Everyone nodded.
I packed up the binding circle, and we followed the others to the fishing lodge.
In the work room, everyone studied my binding circle. They had me activate it, and used it to trap some benign spirits, before asking me to release it. The whole time, spells were being cast to examine what was going on. After the examination, there was a short discussion, and it was determined that what I had not only worked, but was an innovation. There was some concern over wear-and-tear issues, and what the subtle effect of the alternate materials was, but on the whole, they deemed it viable.
Afterwards, those not of the coven left, and we joined the ladies in the den. There we discussed our future plans.
Dick put a map of campus on a table, and pointed out the marks we made showing where we encountered the being, and the directions she got off it when it left. We also had noted the locations of the reported attacks.
Lisa pointed to where the lines crossed, and said, "This is quite close to several buildings. Hmm... Psychology building? That looks like a likely target."
Betty said, "Why do you say that?"
"This building is a dorm, and would change only with the semester. This other one is one with classrooms, and should be empty at the time of the attacks. But the Psychology building has a sleep-study wing. That would be occupied intermittently, and would change over time as the projects change."
I asked, "How does this information help us?"
"It limits the search area, and we may be able to find out who has been there when the attacks started. But how to get that information might be difficult."
I said, "Leave that to me. I can get that tomorrow. As alums, we have an excuse to be there, and I can be very effective at information retrieval from people.
"Oh yeah. You're a... Right. We need to see what projects are using the sleep lab, and if possible, who was being studied."
"Can do."
We had a bit more discussion, including Sophie pulling a list of the professors in the department, and the hierarchy of the department, so I would have a road map for my information gathering.
The next evening, I returned to the lodge with the information, along with descriptions of all the current projects since just before the tragic events started. Additionally, I got the names and contact info of all the test subjects.
Sophie asked me, "How the hell did you get all that?"
"Sex. Everyone wants it, and I can satisfy the desires of both men and women. I started with the departmental secretary. He was reluctant at first, but getting him to notice my nipples was enough to break his resolve. When I left, he was satisfied, and with no recollection of what information he copied for me. Then I went to each of the project heads, and seeking the chief paper pusher, got them to copy info for me. Again, they don't recall that part, but only the sex or serious flirting."
"Serious flirting?"
"Some are married, and I don't want to break up any marriage. But having their daydreams, or other imaginings appear before them, can get past their resolve, since they don't believe it is actually happening. I am careful to leave no evidence."
Sophie and Lisa went over to a computer, so they could look stuff up on the internet. Chatting quietly, they narrowed the suspects down to one. A student named Edward was under study every time something happened. Professor Gicquel was studying a method of forcing a sleep-like state on those with insomnia, like Edward. There were two other students in the study, but their schedules did not align well with the attacks.
We planned for three of the coven to be with me near the study room, while Mike and Samuel would try to lure and capture him. If he fled them, we would be in place to capture him once he returned. That assumed we were right.
Two days later, Edward was scheduled for study, so Lisa and two other witches went with me, and we got in the building early, and hid out in a nearby room, looking like a study group. Samuel and Dick went out wandering, hoping to encounter Mister Hayden.
In the middle of discussing some information in the textbooks we borrowed, I got a text from Dick.
"Hey all, Dick just texted. She said they spotted him, and will try a capture in a minute. We should get in our own positions."
Lisa said, "Let's go."
I led the way, and when we got to the lab, the doc was out. So we entered, locked the door, and quietly found Edward. The bed he was on had restraints available, so I carefully put them on him, using my power to keep him unaware of them. Then we waited. Suddenly, the machine he was hooked into began beeping loudly, and he started to wake up. I stepped forward and loudly commanded, "Edward, wake up."
It seemed to work, as his eyes opened, but then he spoke in a strange manner, saying, "Bitch! You cannot defeat me, Hayden the powerful!"
Well, that was unexpected. But this time, the real body was here, so I turned my sex appeal on high. He instantly got hard, and he said, "Bitch, I'm going to love raping you."
"Look again. You are bound in your real body, and here, I am the power."
Even as I was engaging him, the ladies quietly were casting spells from the side. I don't know what they planned, but they seemed satisfied with their actions, so I kept talking. At the same time, he was struggling against the restraints.
Reaching down to touch his erection, I commanded, "Come." Suddenly, his pajamas had a big wet spot.
"See. It is you who will be under my control."
"No! You will not control me."
"I already have."
Just then, we heard a bang at the door, followed by a key in the lock. I moved to one side so I could look at Edward, and also watch the door. To further put Hayden in his place, I commanded, "Get hard for me now. Then be silent."
I could tell he was fighting my command, but his body followed my will, not his. Suddenly, the door burst open, and Professor Gicquel yelled, "Get out of here! You're interfering in my study."
Looking at him, I commanded, "Come here and explain what you are really doing to this man."
Well, he came over, looking thunderous, but as he neared, he encountered my pheromones and my power, and his attitude changed from anger to fawning. Then he explained how he was trying to suppress a part of the mind that was causing trouble, by stimulating that part of the brain in special patterns.
Since the machine was still doing its thing, I tried reading Edward's mind, and got a big surprise. Edward was Hayden. But I also could feel echoes of the other minds present in his brain.
Turning to the doc, I said, "The area you are stimulating. Is it associated with psychic powers?"
"That's rubbish. There is no such thing."
"I don't care if you believe it. Do others associate that location to psychic powers?"
"Well, I suppose so. But really, where's the proof."
So I commanded him, "Undo what you did to him." I followed with, "The university rapist is Edward's other personality, Hayden. Somehow, what you are doing has unleashed his psychic power, and it is evil."
He followed my command, and shut down the machine, then disconnected Edward. When he finished, he looked at me. I commanded him to wait outside the room.
"Ladies, suggestions?"
"Are you sure the two are the same person?"
"Yes."
"We have some spells we use to 'restrict' people from unpleasantness. We can use them. But if he fights us, it may not work."
"I see. Give me a few moments."
I then got in Edward's face, and had a quiet chat with both Edward and Hayden. I threatened them with death if they didn't cooperate, and at the same time, used my power to make him willing. I also pushed into his mind the idea that he should stop being evil, and that the ladies would help him. With a final read, I was able to tell he was in a good mental place for them, so I told them to start.
Five minutes later, they finished, and I again read his mind. I could feel the restraints, and I added a little touch to let him more easily sleep when he wanted. Then I commanded him to relax, forget he saw us, and sleep. Suddenly, we heard a light snoring, and saw he was sleeping.
Standing back, I said, "Looks like the mystery is solved, but there is still cleanup to handle. Can you handle the doc?"
"Yes. We can redirect his research, and help him forget he tapped into psychic powers."
When they had finished with the doc, I added a little touch of forgetfulness about us.
A month later, there had been no sign of the rapist. I was copied on the final report from the coven with all the ideas they came up with. The police moved the case to inactive, hoping the rapist never came back.
Most that knew were relieved. But Samuel was disappointed, since it wasn't a spiritual problem. His final comments were that Dr. Gicquel, and Mr. Hayden, the psychic being that he unleashed, were outside his area, but it was still a strange case.