The Luxor Hotel bills itself as a quaint little boutique hotel in the bustling heart of the city. What is really is, is a dump with a view. A view of a backstreet where whores and dope-fiends conduct shady transactions, as well as the occasional stabbing. Business travelers come to the Luxor for its all-you-can-drink coffee and affordable rooms - and its apathetic staff who always turn a blind eye to illegal and immoral activities.
I am not an exception to the rule. My shift runs from eight P.M. to eight A.M., and I am not paid enough to care. After ten, I'm the only staff left in the hotel. I lock the front doors at one, or earlier even if all the guests are in, and then I jerk off and lie down to sleep underneath the front desk, until the five A.M. deliveries. Whatever goes on in those rooms, it's none of my business.
Most of the guests are boring, ugly people, but tonight... tonight I checked in the most beautiful woman I ever saw. Well, maybe beautiful isn't the right word. She was overflowing with sex, I could almost smell it on her. Petite frame with long black hair, green eyes and full red lips. Her blouse tight and strained like her tits couldn't wait to burst out. Not huge, definitely not 'melons', more like apples. Perfectly round, juicy apples.
She smiled at me. Guest never smile at me. I was so surprised I almost smiled back. I could swear the tip of her tongue just barely licked her upper lip while I was giving her the instructions. And when she walked to the elevator, there was a definite sway in her hips. I watched her in my peripheral vision while she waited for the ride, hoping she'd look back at me, maybe even wink - but no luck. I watched her disappear into the cabin, salivating at the thought of eating her delicious ass.
Just thinking about it now is making me hard. Check the time. Quarter to one. Good enough. I lock up the front door and open room 100. Right behind the front desk, the smallest room in the hotel. We only rent it when all the others are taken. On a slow night like this, I use it to take a shower or a quick nap on the bed, or just to jerk off in peace, which is what I'm about to do right now. I picture her as I unzip my fly. Marla Banson, the ID said. I close my eyes and see Marla's lips, wrapped around my cock. Her mouth is warm, and she looks up at me with pleading eyes as I grab her hair and start to shove myself down her throat.
My hand moves with lightning speed as I picture myself debasing and degrading this bitch. I mutter under my breath, "Yeah, you want my cum on your face, slut? I'm gonna-"
The ringing phone kills the mood. For fuck's sake, who's calling at this hour?
Blinking light on the dash shows 405. Holy shit, it's her! I pick up and put on my most helpful voice. "Reception."
"Hi, yes, this is Marla Banson from room 405. The ice machine on my floor is broken."
Fuck. It's going to take two days to get it fixed, if I'm lucky, and meanwhile all the assholes are going to call me about their fucking ice all the time.
"Yeah, I'm sorry, we'll get it fixed as soon as possible."
"Great! So, in the meantime, could you be a dear and bring me up a bucket of ice?"
Sure, as soon as I finish jerking off to your asshole milking my cock.
"Right away, ma'am."
I hesitate about finishing before going up, but I don't have any blood left in my brain at this point and I'm seriously thinking she might invite me in and actually suck me off for real. So I tuck in my shirt and put on my smiliest face, and climb up to room 405 with a bucket of ice.
The door's ajar when I get there. I knock softly. "Reception."
"Come in! Just put it down anywhere."
Her voice sounds distant, she's in the bathroom? I push the door open and look for a place to put the bucket. The room's a mess. Clothes everywhere. Panties strewn on the bed. And right there, on a chair, the blouse and pants she was wearing when she checked in.
"Can I get your opinion on something?"
Her voice right behind me. I turn around, and she's standing a foot away, wearing nothing but a sheer negligée and black thigh highs. She smirks at the look on my face.
"This isn't too daring, is it?"
"For a business meeting?"
She laughs, then falls back in her chair, legs spread just enough for me to imagine her snatch, warm and wet. Is she wearing panties? Hard to tell, I wish she'd spread them just a little bit more.
"So, my husband's joining me tomorrow, but he's getting in quite late and leaving early, so I want to make it count, do you know what I mean?"
I must look as confused as I feel.
"I want to wear something that makes him want to fuck me instead of reading his email all night." She smooths out her nightie. "Will this do, or do I need something sluttier?"
I'm thinking jackpot! So I smile and say, "well, what do you have that's sluttier than this? Personally, I think you can't go wrong with crotchless panties, that sends a clear message."
She nods, thinking it over, absentmindedly touching her nipple through her nightie.
"I like the way you think, but I don't have any of those with me. Also, I really want him to take my ass... so maybe no panties at all? I could wait for him on the bed with my ass exposed, what do you think?"
"Sure, that could work. Maybe...maybe you could show me what you had in mind?"
No way in hell is this going to work, you fucking moron.
"Yeah, I was thinking something like this."
She walks over to the bed, and unless I've started fantasizing in real time, she turns to look at me and wink as she pulls her panties down just below the curve of her ass. Then she sprawls face down on the bed, arching her back to present her ass. I walk over to the edge of the bed until I can smell her arousal.
"Well?"
"Yeah, that'll work." I try not to be too loud as I swallow.
"Tell me what you'd do, if you were my husband."
"Pardon me?"
"Pretend you're my husband, you walk in the room, you see me like this. What would you do? Would you fuck me?"
"Yes, absolutely."
"No, tell me. Describe it. With details, please." She undulates her hips as she says this, and I didn't know it was humanly possible to be this hard.
"Sure. I... I would start by checking to see if you're asleep," I say, as I reach for her soft, plump cheek. She slaps my hand the second it touches skin.
"No. Talk, but don't touch, okay?"
I take my hand back.
"Right. So, umm... I spread your cheeks slowly."
"Hmmm, yeah?
"I can see your pussy, dripping wet."
"So wet for you, babe." Her voice is silkier than any porn star I ever heard.
I lick my lips as she reaches behind and spreads her cheeks, showing me her trimmed, and indeed very wet, pussy.
"I bend down and I start licking it, sucking up your juices."
"What about my ass?"
"You want me to lick your ass?"
"Yes!"
"Alright, yeah, I lick your ass. I shove my tongue inside your asshole."
"Go on..."
"I'm making it nice and wet for my cock."
"Are you gonna fuck my tiny little asshole with your big cock, daddy?"
"Fuck yeah! I'm gonna tear up your asshole and paint your bowels with my cum!"
"Great, thank you!"
She's all business again as she stands up and pulls her panties back on. She gives a loud contented sigh before nodding at my crotch.
"You should go take care of that before you come in your pants, kid."
I look down, and she's right. I'm tenting so hard the fabric is about to burst, and let's not even mention the wet spot. I try my luck again. "Maybe you could, erm, help me out?"
She laughs.
"I'm married, honey. Why don't you ask why one of the girls across the street?"
Meaning the hookers. I can't quite tell if I've been taken advantage of, but I don't push it and I go back down to my desk. I bring up her file on the computer and print out her ID picture.
In the bathroom of room 100, I replay the scene in my head, except this time I'm actually fucking her tight ass, squeezing my hand around the tip of my cock as if stretching her sphincter. I can see myself buried in her silky ass all the way to the hilt, feeling the tightness around my shaft. I hold up her printed picture as I unload, soaking her face in my come.