"The resort is in desperate trouble." Arturo said. The owner of the four star beachfront resort where I worked had been looking sullen and crushed the last few months ever since the Hilton was built on the other side of Belfast Lake. "We are having a hard time attracting new business and an even harder time booking the big parties." Arturo was usually an incredible presence at the resort. A fifty year old Peruvian, who had come to America to study hospitality, met his lovely wife Liz in college and finally opened his dream hotel on the banks of a secluded lake in the mountains of Santa Fe. He was fit for his age; for anyone half his age really with a grey beard and long pony-tailed hair. His wife was forty plus with short blond hair and an extensive collection of business suits. If Arturo was the life of the Inn then she was the brains.
"It is because of this that I have entertained an offer from a rather unusual group who are interested in booking the resort for an entire week this fall." Arturo stopped and watched each of our faces very carefully before continuing. "But while I feel we dearly need the booking, I won't do it if the staff feels their request is too inappropriate. I need at least three of you and one of the chefs to agree or I won't book it." The eight of us looked at each other. Some people like Meredith had a look of fear on their faces, but others like Betty and I were filled with devilish curiosity.
"What we got, boss?" I asked finally sick of the silence.
"It's a wedding party; private ceremony with reception to follow. It will only be about fifteen people." Liz answered rattling off details like it was just another booking until, "and they are all nudists."
"Oh my gawd!" Katie cried out. Katie was the youngest member of our staff. Nineteen years old, she was a single mother living in her parent's garage and part of the housekeeping staff. She had a cherubic soft face and a bit of a booty that made her fun to flirt with and her shy almost naïve demeanor made her an easy target for off-color remarks just to watch her squirm.
"So we just gotta put up with these people's private bits danglin' 'bout?" Ronnie the maintenance man asked. He was pushing sixty and usually reminded everyone about it daily.
"Well, not exactly." Arturo sheepishly answered. This was the real devil of the deal. "They only want to have the wedding if everyone on premise is naked as well...staff included."
Meredith shrieked. At fifty-eight, she was too demure, too prudish, and too southern to ever go for something so risqué.
"I'll do it. I got nothing to hide." I said. I really never had any hang up about my body nor did I ever back away from a challenge. Besides, I thought it would be kind of thrilling to walk around work in the buff amongst my peers.
"Besides the Chippendale dancer over there," Deena said referring to my eagerness to participate,"Why would the rest of us even consider doing that" Deena is one of the chefs at the resort and the only chef who showed for the meeting. She was stick thin with short black hair. We laughed at her for being the thinnest gourmet chef we knew but it made sense seeing as how she rides her bicycle four miles every day to and from work. I worked the front desk and since the resort didn't actually have a front desk, I spent most of my time in the kitchen talking to her.
"There would of course be a bonus in it for you. For anyone who wishes to volunteer. Let's say, double your hourly pay that day?" Arturo offered. I could tell he just made that up to see what people's reaction would be.
"Oh gawd, oh gawd...fine." Katie said, than proceeded to bury her head in her hands. Money is the easiest way to get Katie to do anything. She's not a gold digger, just really struggling with her situation.
"I am not doing anything of the sort." Meredith huffed. Like we didn't all see that coming.
"Shoot. I'll drop trou." Betty said. "I ain't proud! I doubt anyone would want to see my fat ass anyway." Betty is a sweet, sweet girl, but about one hundred pounds overweight and only 5'4" tall. I didn't relish seeing her naked, but she really is super nice.
It seemed no one else wanted to volunteer. Arturo looked devastated while Liz as always kept her icy composure. Arturo left and the meeting was adjourned. I got ready for my shift as Katie paced the lounge area back and forth waiting to hear if Billie Jean would do it. Katie was a people pleaser who hated thinking anyone thought badly of her. She most likely agreed to this so that Arturo and Liz didn't think badly of her though everyone knows they wouldn't. Katie often puts herself out to make others like her. It was sweet, but also made her kind of a doormat.
"C'mon Deena," I goaded my colleague back in the kitchen. "When was the last time you did something daring?"
"Rick! I am not taking my clothes off!"
"You'll be in the kitchen the whole time. We'll be the only ones to see you. And, I'll make it worth your while..." I teased.
"How"? She eyed me suspiciously.
"I'll give you my old ten speed bike." She had wanted it ever since I had shown it to her and mentioned how I never ride it anymore. I had no idea old bike's could be considered "classic". I had already planned to give it to her for Christmas.
"Rick...fine. Whatever." She consented.
"She said she would." I told Arturo who left to call the guests. Katie stopped behind the couch and fell forward at the waist, burying her head in the pillows as she let out a muffled scream. It was her usual move whenever she felt stressed out.
"I don't know what you're complaining about. I'm the one they call tons of fun!" Betty laughed, though she was a little self-conscious about her weight.
"Hey, Betty look, it's not until the fall. We have 5 or 6 months until then. Let's say you and I hit the gym in the poolroom an hour before our shift each day. We'll talk to Deena about making healthy low-fat meals for us. We'll lose the weight." I tried to encourage her.
"Betty I can help you too." Katie offered. "It'll be a group support kind of thing."
For the next three months, Katie, Betty, and I would go to the poolroom at the resort and work out. I taught the girls several different exercises to slim down and tone different parts that they were worried about. Deena began cooking low fat for every meal as we usually got a table scrap or two after dinner service had ended. I had even started doing a little 'manscaping' to make sure that I was body inspection ready for these people.
"I am not losing any weight!" Betty said about a month before the wedding. "I am cellulite and sag in all the wrong places!" Betty was stressing out as we entered the gym that day. "I can't. I can't do it."
"Betty, you are just getting nervous. These people are nudists. They love the body in all its forms. They won't judge you." I tried to reassure her.
"No. I am just telling Arturo that I can't do it." And with that, Betty was out. As it was too late to cancel the booking, Katie and I figured we would just be stuck with twice as much work. Disappointed, we continued on with our daily workouts.
The night before the wedding, I could hardly sleep. I didn't really care that fifteen men and women I've never met would be running around naked or would see me sans apparel. I only thought of showing off my eight inches to Katie, and Deena. I got hard thinking of seeing each of them without a stitch of clothing. How taunt were Deena's legs from years of bicycling? How firm was Katie's nineteen year old ass? The anticipation kept me up most of the night.
After showering, agonizing the right deodorant and cologne to wear, and deciding what clothes to wear when I arrived, I finally set off to work my first nudist wedding. You could feel the tension in the air as I opened the service entrance door and stepped inside. Betty and Ronnie were standing in the kitchen where Deena still dressed has begun preparing appetizers for fifteen. Katie arrived in sweatpants and a T-shirt shortly after I did.
"Go on then, take it off!" Betty called out. Ronnie just rolled his eyes, took a cigarette out his pocket and left. Apparently this did not interest him whatsoever.
"Hey now, you won't pay for a ticket, you don't see the show." I told Betty who looked disappointed but eventually clocked out and left. Arturo came in the kitchen wearing only a bathrobe.
"When will the guests be arriving"? Katie asked.
"Sometime after three o'clock. There is no room to change but the poolroom is free if you want to get ready."
"You want me to walk over there to bashfully get out of my clothes then walk back over here naked?" I smirked. Katie however raced out the door to the poolroom.
"Well where are you dropping your clothes, Rick"? Deena asked. I actually hadn't thought about it and was contemplating if I should follow Katie to the poolroom
"Rick". Arturo scolded. "Go get ready. I want all this nervous energy gone before the guests arrive." With nothing better to do, I went over to the poolroom to store my clothing in the adjacent wine cellar. As I reached for the door, it opened and Katie appeared clutching her clothing to her body. We didn't say a word. I just watched as she tried vainly to cover herself up making her even sexier. Bits of curvy flesh hung out from underneath her arms and balled up clothes. I watched as she walked to her car trying to keep one hand behind her so I couldn't see the crack of her upside heart shaped ass.
Inside, I stripped quickly and stowed my clothes. I walked back over to the kitchen and stepped inside. All eyes turned on me. I had developed a six pack from all the exercise and healthy living and had trimmed most of my pubic hair off. My semi erect cock swung freely in the breeze and I felt Deena look at it.
"Not bad, Rickie" Deena whistled. "Where have you been hiding that thing?"
Arturo entered. He had taken off the robe and his barrel chest full of grey hair came directly at me. I was too embarrassed to look down.
"Rick, please get the bar ready. I have a feeling they will be drinkers. And tell Katie to vacuum the second floor landing." I left the kitchen and felt liberated walking the halls of the resort naked. I wanted everyone to see me and I couldn't wait to see all the nude guests due to arrive. I heard a cry in the lounge and went to investigate. Katie had collapsed her upper half over the back of the couch again screaming into the pillows. It's funny how innocent that move looks until your naked and your gorgeous pink ass is up in the air.
"Well, Katie, that's certainly a new side of you." I joked.
"Go Away Rick" She yelled thru the pillows putting one hand in front of her rump once again.
"We'll have to see each other sooner or later. Let's just get it over with." Katie relented. She stood up and turned around. She had breasts that were perfect orbs without a hint of sag. Her light pink nipples stuck out with an extra bit of puff to each and looked me right in the eye. The months of exercise took away any fat from her pregnancy and a small thin dark patch of pubic hair revealed she highlights her hair a lighter shade of blonde. I watched in awe as a co-worker I barely thought about hooking up with was suddenly the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. I felt my cock swell a little and hoped she had noticed too. She began walking towards me and I thought my dick would reach out and meet her.
"Now, can we get on with work? I just want to finish this job and go home" Katie sneered and stormed off. I tried to calm my heart rate down and went about the boring task of setting up the bar. Two hours later, there was the first knock at the door and I almost tripped over myself to answer it.
Two men, fully clothed greeted me and I almost hid behind the doorframe in embarrassment. I had forgotten how self conscious one becomes when you are the only one naked. One guy looked like a college professor with his thin rimless glasses and sweater vest while the other had more of a blue collar build with his broad shoulders and flannel shirt.
"Hey, no don't be embarrassed. We're here for the Silverman wedding" The professor said. I tried to reconcile my left and right brain as I stepped from behind the door and greeted our new guests. For the next hour, that is exactly what I did. I met the wedding guests in the buff at the door and escorted the clothed men and women to their rooms. It became normal very quickly. Slowly, the guests began coming downstairs. I was shocked to see that all of them were young (mid twenties) and very good looking. I always had this impression that nudists were the types of people you would pay money NOT to see naked.
The bride was gorgeous; a red headed beauty with freckles everywhere and small champagne glass tits. Her man was a scruffy looking short man with a noticeably thick dick. I could just imagine how he was going to use it on her tonight.
"The bar all set"? Liz had come up behind me as I was staring at the ceremony.
"I'm ready." I turned. Liz was standing right beside me watching the ceremony. I took her in. She had also stripped out of her normal business attire and I saw her near alabaster white skin and pink eraser point nipples on two A-cup beauties. You could clearly see her hip bone atop her thin legs and she was completely shaven downstairs with a small slit with uniform lips. I could not believe this was the ice queen of Belfast Lake. She finally turned to me and looked me straight in the eye.
"You better get behind the bar then. I think they are wrapping up." She nonchalantly walked away with a nearly flat porcelain white ass following her. I went over to the bar and watched as the happy couple erupted into the lounge with all their naked friends in tow. The laughter and howling were deafening and soon turned into a flurry of drink orders. Margaritas gave way to rum and coke which turned into tequila shots as the night progressed. I could occasionally peer into the dining room between mixing drinks and watch as Katie and Liz set out trays of food and chatted with guests.
"How long have you been nudists" I asked the groom on his third gin and tonic.
"We're not" He said and took his drink. "We got married about two weeks ago. This is our circle of crazy ass friends. Every year we do something more and more daring. Last year it was cliff diving to an outdoor BBQ on the beach and the year before we went skydiving in Mexico. But I really think this one tops the bunch!" A cheer went up from his buddies as he took his drink and went off to find his new bride.
As the evening wore on and dinner was over and cleared away, I flagged Katie down to watch the bar as I hit the head. The lounge was packed but everyone had been served so I thought it was a safe time to exit. I came back moments later to see the professor and blue collar both chatting her up as she struggled to mix them drinks. I quickly came over to her rescue.
"Sorry Rick, I am just exhausted and I'm sure I messed up his whiskey sour." She sighed. It was nearly eleven thirty at night and I sure she was just waiting for the party to die down so she could get dressed and go home. I fixed the drink and handed it to her. She tried to hand it to the professor but he guided her around the bar.
"Hey, we understand, this is a long night for everyone. Please, come take a load off for a moment. Relax." The professor guided Katie over to the couch and sat her down on one end of the couch. The room was so crowded that he took the seat directly next to her beside another couple trying to sit there. She looked pinned and helpless but I figured I was right here if they tried anything. The guests in the bar were having a rather pretentious and heated debate about health care in the U.S. so I stopped paying attention and noticed that the professor had his hand on Katie's right knee. He was talking very animated and every so often his hand would move a half inch further up. Katie crossed her legs and this gave him an excuse to move his hand slightly further up. It was really masterfully done. I doubt anyone but him, Katie, and I knew what was happening.
His friend, the blue collar construction foreman I learned, took the chair to Katie's left as soon as it was vacant but made not motion towards her in any way I could see. Katie re-crossed her legs and the professor's hand moved even further up, but only a small incremental amount at a time. Katie didn't say a word but watched every speaker with great intent. I could see the growing erections in the two men beside her and knew something was going to happen. I decided then and there to let Katie decide for herself and only step in if she seemed to protest. I knew Katie's fear of being disliked, even amongst strangers, would kick in and she would be loathe to stop anything they did, but I felt I could read her well enough to see when she was uncomfortable and do the right thing.
More people left the room to smoke or mingle or retire for the night. By now, the professor had his hand firmly on her right thigh and was inches away from the Promised Land. The conversation turned to Katie personally. Where she was from? What she liked and disliked about her job. Her focus was fading, as if she was in a trance. Afraid they might try something but disappointed if they didn't. I moved around to get a better view and with the next inch the professor's hand encountered pubic hair. But he never moved aggressively or forcefully. He seemed content to just pet her pubes. Her answers to his questions were monosyllabic at best and her mouth hung partially open when not talking. Finally, Katie seemed to subconsciously make up her mind and uncrossed her legs to allow full access for the professor's hand. He was an artist. He didn't rush in or force himself on her. I could just make out his forefinger gently probing her pussy lips.
The foreman stood up beside her, his six inch cock right at eye level. He walked towards the bar coming between the couch and the coffee table as if to make sure he kept his body close. He motioned wordlessly for a new scotch and I reluctantly took my eyes off the scene to find the bottle. I doused his glass with scotch and didn't even bother with new ice. He took the drink and this time walked back behind the couch. Katie and the professor hadn't moved from their spot. The foreman stood beside the armrest where Katie was; his cock standing proudly at attention beside her. As if spellbound, Katie turned her head towards him just as he ever so casually sipped his drink and turned his body towards her. She knew what was expected of her. She leaned forward and gave his cock a quick light open mouthed kiss. She paused, than gave another; and another. His hips started gently swaying back and forth. Her mouth opened wider and the tip of his cock disappeared inside. I had to remember to breathe. Her left hand reached back and found the professor's dick and began stroking it. I watched as this gorgeous nineteen year old stroked and sucked two complete strangers and desperately wanted in on the action.
As if choreographer, the professor slid over to the center of the couch as the foreman moved around to the front of the couch and Katie stood up. She squatted over the professor's lap and hung her teased pussy over his waiting cock. She hesitated just a moment. It seems being fucked by two strangers at once was really her limit. She pushed past them and they politely let her go. She ran off down the hall.
"I think you two need a shot on the house." I said trying to relieve the tension. They shrugged and came over to the bar.
"I think we need the good stuff." The foreman said. "The stuff you keep in the back."
"I know just where it is." I answered and walked off to fetch the private label stuff we keep for special occasions. I entered the wine cellar through the back door and grabbed a bottle before heading back. I had thought Katie would have hid here. I took the bottle back to the bar. Unfortunately, the guys were no longer there. I also had no idea where Katie had run off. I went instead to the kitchen.
Deena was washing dishes as I snuck in behind her. She had finally consented and was standing there nude with her back to me. She was tight with lean muscular thighs and a firm sculpted ass. I came up behind her and grabbed her around the waist. She jumped and tried to get away. I could feel her well defined abs and my dick pressed against her ass cheeks.
"Rick, I swear!" Deena turned around. Her chest was small, nearly flat with pencil eraser nipples but it matched her athletic body. She had a dark black patch of pubic hair I desperately wanted to touch. I gazed down at my 5'4" coworker and friend. She looked right back and saw my rigid purple hard-on.
"Well, someone's glad to see me." Deena said. I smiled, not bothering to tell her what went on in the bar earlier tonight. "Wait, taste this." She turned again to spoon some chocolate brandy sauce from a pot but instead of turning back she lifted the spoon to above her shoulder. I moved in closer, gently keeping my erection from poking her in her gluteus and took a sip.
"Delicious" I smiled. The bubbling pot of hot chocolate popped a little and Deena jumped backwards. My erection poked her right between her ass cheeks. She looked up at me shocked but still did not turn around. She instead leaned back against me giving me a lovely view of the rest of her fit fierce body. Our hips swayed in an inaudible rhythm as my dick was pushed up and then between her ass cheeks. I took her by the hips to help guide her movements. Her face came up as I looked down. I leaned over to kiss her.
"Rick, some gentlemen from the bar are waiting on their drinks." Arturo said over the intercom. I took one last breath of Deena and her delights then smacked her ass.
"Another time" I told her before hitting the bottom on the intercom. "I can't find them."
"They are in Room 208". Arturo answered. So I sauntered back to the bar, fixed up a couple heavy handed cocktails and headed upstairs to Room 208.