It seemed I had more things to do than time to do them. I was always rushing here and there and never was able to give 100% to anything. Well, except work. Working at a bookstore occupies all of your time. You replace books placed out of order by customers, ring sales, look up inquiries on the computer, stock shelves, take inventory, do special orders and a host of other chores.
I realized, at some point, that the difference was that the store was well organized. Projects and objectives were clearly defined. What needed done got done before the store closed, and rarely did today's tasks spill over into the next day. I knew there were lessons there to be learned.
That night, I cooked a special meal. I wore just an apron. My conditioning had come full circle. I no longer concerned myself with being on display. I wore my naked self boldly, unflinching even with strangers. I didn't even tighten up when touched. It wasn't just being fed from dog bowls. I actually felt like the family pet. Whatever my family, and my extended family wanted to do to me, I accepted with pleasure at serving.
My nipples were tweaked, pulled on, bit and twisted. Rough hands would maul my breasts, fingers would penetrate my pussy and my ass was grabbed, smacked and whipped. I would be moved this way and that to accommodate any demand, pressed to my knees, bent over a table or chair, sat on a counter with my legs spread wide apart. I opened myself to anyone, anywhere, on demand. This, of course, was by permission of the family, and they used their power over me a lot.
I actually loved this life. I was free. If you had told a younger me that I would turn out this way, you'd have faced a battle. I was a conservative housewife, working a part time job, raising kids, drinking a little wine and opening my legs for my husband every now and then, more to keep him from looking elsewhere than to satisfy any needs, his or my own.
April was as hard on me as the others, but I knew she had a soft spot. I asked for, and got, permission to speak freely. She led me out to the back yard. The wood bench was rough against my naked ass, and my tits were nearly on the table as I leaned forward. "I want to do better. I want to get organized."
The words spilled out. I was tearful in explaining that I didn't think I'd be able to get there on my own. I needed help. "You realize you'll never regain your position in the family." I don't know what I expected, but April's words shook me. My voice was meek as I answered that I understood. I was the slave. I had no right to ask to rise above my station. Still, I wanted to earn some small concessions, and I didn't think I could get there on my own.
"Let me think about this." She stood and pulled her skirt up to her waist. April held out her hand. I flashed uncomprehending for a second. I had nothing to give her. Then I realized I did. I took off my apron and handed it to her. She folded it and put it on the wooden bench, sat on it and spread her legs. I crawled under the table, naked, and went tongue first into my middle daughter's lips.
I spread her lips open with my thumbs. I licked her inner lips up and down before flicking my tongue over her clit. I slid a finger in her pussy and then two. I finger fucked her and licked her clit over and over, tasting her growing wetness. "Harder." The word came out in a gasp. Seconds later, orgasm washed over her and onto my tongue. April pulled me up by the ring on my collar and kissed me hard.
As I cleaned up after dinner, I heard low voices in the living room. Sam came in and walked right past me. He went into the living room. I heard just a few words of the exchange and he came back out into the kitchen. Sam pulled out a chair and sat down. After a few seconds of fumbling, he unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. He pointed at his lap and I scrambled over to him.
God, I wanted that cock so bad. I was touching him everywhere. My lips and tongue kissed, licked and sucked his cock and balls. I really wanted him inside me, but I had to satisfy my urges with just having him in my mouth. I wanted to taste him, feel him release in my mouth. The taste of girls is nice, but I wanted the man juice. I hadn't been used by a man in a while, and it was longer, a few weeks at least, since I felt a hard cock opening me up and using me.
Get someone used to something, then take it away. The denial is a pretty good punishment, especially if they are finding other outlets for the activity, and you are not invited. Every time the door between the kitchen and living room opened, I would peek to see what was going on. My daughters were always entertaining it seemed, inviting mouths, fingers and cocks to invade them.
They had also started using toys. They found the joys of vibrators and dildos and they seemed to be loving their new experiments. The girls strapped on rubber cocks of every size and color, and wasted no time being gender fluid, fucking each other, demanding their rubber cocks be sucked by one another. While their asses and pussies were being stretched daily, I could feel my own pussy closing up from inactivity.
I sneaked a rub out from time to time. I did it both ways. I got myself off in sneaky ways that I think nobody ever knew about. I also masturbated in ways and places where I knew I'd get caught. I got more spankings and other punishments than I could count. Some I liked, some not so much. At the end of the day though, I realized that any attention was better than isolation, and I found myself appreciating even the punishments I didn't like on some level.
When Sam went in the living room the first time, I peeked, but saw nothing. I also didn't hear any of the usual sounds; dirty talk, moaning, grunting, heavy breathing as tiny bodies took large tools. The sounds of orgasms. Nothing. Sam suddenly pulled me off of his cock and went back in the living room. This time, when I peeked, I saw nothing of the usual activity. My 3 daughters and my husband were fully clothed, sitting in kind of a circle, talking low. It was a strange sight.
Sam came back in. "Good news, slut. You are allowed to fuck". Finally. I could hardly contain my excitement. I felt like a giggling schoolgirl. I contained my excitement, even as I felt myself get wet. "How would you like me, sir"? I said as I got to my feet. Sam turned me around and bent me over the table. I was ready. This was one of my favorite positions, being bent over, standing, pounded from behind. No cock this time though. Sam's fat fingers probed me, 1 finger, then 2, and he had to work to get the 2 in.
I had a dream that I was turning into a virgin again. I actually felt something inside growing, creating a barricade to fingers and cocks. I'd have to be broken for the 2nd time in my life. I woke that morning in a puddle on the bed. Just the dream of a big dick forcing itself into my depths, breaking through that barrier with intent, the pain and shock of it washing over and into me was just too much.
Sam picked me up like a rag doll and flipped me over, putting me on my back on the kitchen table. He spread my legs wide and stared at the lips between my legs. I could feel his eyes burning into me. He saw me opening, saw the glistening of my wet lips and the pucker of my tiny asshole. He had me wide open to his inspection. I never felt more vulnerable. And I was a little scared.
I felt the head of his hard cock at my entrance. Normally, Sam was one of those guys that would rub his head up and down on my lips, coating the head with my juices. Even lubricated, he still could only get a few inches in on the first stroke, and it would take several strokes, an inch at a time, before he was fully inside me. Instead of pressing forward, he stopped. I wiggled forward, trying to get him to enter me.
He held his position, refusing entry, and seemed amused at my attempt. Rather than moving forward, he spoke. "Do you remember that commercial, How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop"? I don't think I moved. I couldn't actually process a question like this in my brain. I was spread open, about to take a big fat black cock and he was asking me about a commercial? Just weird.
"I want you to tell me how many strokes it takes to get you to a creamy middle". What? What? I couldn't get to the core of the request. Suddenly Sam shoved forward hard, jamming his entire cock into me with one push. I know I screamed. There was a rush of being suddenly filled, a pain shooting through me at the sudden invasion, forcing me open and banging my cervix. "Count". Sam said as he stopped, fully inside me.
I managed to say "one" weakly, but the break gave me that few seconds to feel my body adjust. A fleeting thought came over me that I, not Sam was in control. After all of my inactivity, my body sucked him in, need and desire overcoming reason. My body pulled him in to my full depth, forcing me open to welcome the large invader. In that moment, pain gave way to need, and I went from accommodating to demanding. My pussy had a need and I wanted it filled.
Sam backed out and pushed forward again. I still wasn't fully prepared, but I was loving being overpowered and just being taken. I counted the strokes, some out loud, some in a whisper and some to myself. "38, 39", and I realized the counting was taking away from my enjoyment. My head was in the wrong place. My mind was trying to go off in 2 very different directions. "43, 44".
I can't say fully that I still wasn't enjoying myself. The thick cock opened me up over and over, pushing in and out of me. The strokes were varied. This was Sam's fuck signature. He would slam all the way in, hesitating for a beat, then pull out for 3 or 4 short strokes, then fill me completely for a few strokes, slower on the retreat, slamming forward to hear me grunt. After very few minutes, his black cock was completely coated in my juice. Part of my excitement was, in this position. watching a shiny dark cock invade my tiny, white on the outside, pink on the inside, hole.
It was my favorite porn, because I was living it. The counting took away my ability to concentrate on my own orgasm, but I felt a flutter and knew my body was responding. I sometimes pity guys. You seem to have just one orgasm. It doesn't matter if you're using your hand or someone else's, a pussy, mouth or ass. You shoot a load, it feels good for 2 seconds and you're done until you recharge. Girls are different.
First, we have an orgasm that comes from our head. It is being in a special place. It is different for everyone. Women close their eyes and imagine any number of things; being fucked by a famous star, being taken and raped in a home invasion, being forced by some authority figure, police or soldiers, being gang banged, fucking a family member. There is no limit to our imagination. We also have orgasms that come strictly from our clit. A tongue flicking up and down, side to side, rising and falling, shallow and deep can give us an explosion.
Some women can't cum that way. They are too self conscious at the idea of someone going down on them. Their satisfaction is in being fucked. It isn't a real orgasm in my mind, but they seem to enjoy it. Size queens get off by taking the biggest thing they can inside them, and some girls get their best orgasms when the fingers inside them curl up to find that little flat place they call the g spot. There are dream orgasms, involuntary physical orgasms and a warm slow burn orgasm that spreads out, warm and wet from deep inside.
I am lucky. I have had and continue to have the majority of these events. Even luckier, I've been able to recognize these feelings, large and small, as real orgasms. I know women that have never had an orgasm and I feel sorry for them. You have to put yourself into different situations to experience different feelings. Many women are just too uptight to release their control and put themselves into what might be uncomfortable for the moment, but could lead to greater things.
I felt myself being fucked, even if I couldn't fully commit my mind to it. I was opened up over and over. I felt every inch of length, and of girth, going in and out, stretching my opening, until I could actually see my lips gripping the large black cock using me. "68. 69". My tits were mauled as his hands felt for something to hold onto. Sam's hands moved a lot. Holding my hips and waist to hold me in place, gripping my ankles and knees to open me obscenely to his cock and gaze, on my tits, squeezing them and pinching my nipples.
I loved Sam's hands on me. It felt like, for those minutes, I was his possession, his alone to do with me as he wished. Some women are self conscious. They obsess over their aging bodies. Sagging breasts from aging, a paunch you can't entirely eliminate after childbirth, the ass that drops a few inches. They buy clothes to push things up, have surgery to tighten things up, and spend their lives trying to recapture their youth through their looks. I feel sorry for them. "99, 100".
How long, in real time, does it take to get to a cock fucking into you 100 times? Shit, I lost count. "111, 112". Sam seemed pleased by the count. It felt to me that he was lasting longer than usual. Then again, it could have been my counting throwing off my ability to accurately evaluate what was happening. Sam was breathing harder. I knew from experience than he wasn't going to last much longer. He began fucking that big black cock into my hot, wet pussy a little harder and faster.
Suddenly, I had one of those physical orgasms that build suddenly and seem to come from nowhere. It took a second to understand that Sam's thumb had been rubbing over my clit for a bit. "Oh, fuck". I exploded, from deep inside, on his cock and fingers. Sam put his thumb in my mouth and I sucked on it. Don't forget to count. I think I counted the thumb fucking my mouth more than the cock in my pussy then.
"156, 157". Sam suddenly thrust forward and hesitated. I knew his sperm was shooting deep inside me. He held for a second and made a few short, small strokes in me, adding more of his seed to my collection. I could already feel the wetness dripping out of me, down my crack, over my asshole. He held himself in, but began to soften almost immediately. I found I liked both kind of cocks in this situation. Older guys had cocks that deflated pretty quickly, and even if held in, would slip out on their own after a few short minutes. Younger guys stayed hard longer, and some would keep fucking for a while. Others would pull a fully hard cock out, almost putting the wet, cum covered phallus on display.
When I felt Sam slip out, I said my final number, 188, proudly. I slipped off the table and went to my knees to clean him up. That was the other thing. Some girls don't appreciate balls. They don't like them, in fact, and pay them no attention. Not me. I liked balls. I liked the young, tight ones just as much as the older wrinkled ones with more folds. I also had some respect for balls. This was, after all, where life came from. I liked the idea that I was the one draining the balls.
I licked and sucked the cock clean, but I spent far more time with my tongue on those balls. My mouth wanted to suck them in, individually and together, and my tongue wanted to explore every fold, every crease, searching for elusive drops of cum. I was also enjoying the feeling of Sam's deposit dripping out of me. When I finally stood up, I reached 2 fingers between my legs. Wet with a mix of our cum, I made a show of sucking my fingers clean.
I reached up and put my arms around Sam's neck. I kissed his neck and whispered in his ear. "I missed you". Sam pulled me into him and I pressed my tiny nude white body into his large, thick black body. As much as I enjoyed Sam, I wished for another cock right behind him. I had my best orgasms on the 2nd or 3rd time I was being taken. It could have been in my head, being used by multiple men multiple times, or it could have been that I just needed more time to really get off.
Part of me said I couldn't believe I had fallen into this lifestyle. Another part of me said I couldn't believe I hadn't fallen into this lifestyle sooner. I know women that would have folded and never recovered from my life. I know women that would have fought to the death at the first suggestion of being in my position. I don't know what I could ever say to them. I went over the entire situation, from the seduction to the domination in my head many times. I can't say I would ever have done anything differently.
I was a submissive slut that needed control, punishment and reward. Everyone around me seemed to see that. The only person that didn't recognize these qualities in me was me. After Sam left, I went about doing some things around the house. I was getting pretty good at keeping a certain level of order to things. Nothing in my life had ever reached level of perfection, even in my mind, and I didn't know how to get there.
I cried more at being a disappointment to myself and my family than I ever did from my punishments. They didn't have to punish me. The disapproving looks were enough. I didn't have time to wallow in self pity. January came through the door and told me to make myself pretty. "Clean your cunt, cunt. We're going to school. Time for you to get me some extra credit".
I had forgotten about her promise to the teacher. It was time to pay up. The first of many times I would be giving up my goodies to get my youngest good grades. I scrambled up the steps. January waited as I took a shower. As I dried off and went to my tiny room, I found a small wraparound skirt and a thin, loose shirt on the bed. "10 minutes, whore". January left to wait for me downstairs.
I pulled on the clothes, what there was of them, dried my hair and quickly applied my makeup. The shirt was not just thin, it was a crop top. With my breast sag and no bra, there was no way to stand without showing underboob. The material was also so thin that you could see my dark nipples right through it. The skirt was fastened so loose that a stiff wind could probably blow the thing right off of me. Oh, well. I knew I wouldn't be dressed long anyway. Naturally, no panties.
January drove to school. She guided me to a room I'd never been in before. An older, severe looking woman sat behind the desk. The woman was tall and thin. Her black hair was pulled back, twisted into a bun. She wore a long black skirt that came to just below her knees and a crisp white blouse. I guessed her age at late 50s, maybe 60. She got up and looked me over. "She'll do. You have a deal".
January pulled my chin up and looked in my eyes. "Do whatever she tells you to do". I nodded my understanding. The woman walked around me twice, slowly, taking every inch of me in. She smelled like strawberry, some kind of shampoo or lotion I guessed. "On the desk". A flat statement, not a request, not a demand. I sat on the edge of the desk, facing the woman. She stepped up, pushed my knees apart and put her hand up what there was of the skirt.
She seemed pleased at my moist lips as she ran her fingers over the lips of my pussy. The skirt fell, left and right, and although I was still wearing it, the woman had a full view of my sex. I could tell without looking that my nipples were exposed. I found out later that her name was Brenda something, and she taught advanced English. She leaned forward and sucked on my nipples. If there was any milk left in my breasts after having the girls, this woman was determined to find it.
She sucked my nipples hard, making them stiff and standing out like thick pencil erasers. She squeezed my boobs as she went back and forth, guiding each nipple to her hungry mouth, going from one to the other over and over. Finally, she released my boobs and went to her knees. She stripped off my skirt and began to lick my thick lips. She tried to fuck me with her tongue, and I wondered if she could taste Sam's cum that was probably still inside me.
She licked my entire slit, up and down, over and over. She would stop often. trying to get as much of her tongue inside me as possible. She had me on the edge a few times. Unfortunately for me, January wasn't there to give me permission to cum. I bore down, holding my orgasm in check. It was clear to me that I was going to lose this battle if she went any longer. As if she was reading my thoughts, she suddenly stood.
The teacher kicked off her sensible shoes and stripped off her thick black pantyhose. She pulled her skirt up to her waist, sat in her chair and spread her legs obscenely wide. "Go down on me". I went between her legs and she waved me up. She pulled a drawer open and pulled out a folded towel. She dropped it between her legs and smiled at me. I appreciated that. I went to my knees on the towel and looked at the hole I would be licking and sucking.
The pussy I was looking at was pink and puffy, shaved bare. It looked like the pussy of a young girl, like it was new, never had a dick in it, never pushed a kid out. I went to work. I wasn't a lesbian in my mind. I was way too cock hungry even to be considered bi. Despite this, or maybe because of it, I had experience with this particular activity. Every few years, I seemed to find my face buried nose deep in pussy. I had developed a good understanding of what I could coax from a woman by diving between her legs.
I also had some tricks that got me some great reactions. I got some girls to squirt and scream into my mouth many times. I never really felt a desire to pursue this, I just went with the flow when opportunities came up. This one was different. This one I wanted. Staring back at me was the prettiest pink pussy I had ever seen, just a little shine showing on her opening inner lips. She was wet and about to get wetter.
Damn, she tasted as good as she looked. This was hardly the pussy of the woman she presented to the public. As I licked her and coaxed her clit out, I wondered about her. I thought there must be 2 very different sides to this woman. She reached out and put her hand on the top of my head. She guided me around her pussy as she pleased. I followed her lead, but I really felt I'd do better on my own.
She finally held still and went stiff. A whoosh of air came out of her, and she had an orgasm on my tongue. Not a sound. In control, even in passion. I looked at her clit, hard and throbbing and made a quick decision. A clit standing up like that demanded attention. I wrapped my lips around it and sucked. She went stiff and a small "oh" escaped her lips. I sucked her tender nub like I was sucking a tiny cock. It was just long enough for me to grab it between my teeth and flick my tongue over the tip.
The stoic teacher went even more rigid and she grabbed the top on my head, pulling my face deeper into her. She exploded in my mouth, letting out a stifled scream, her whole body convulsing. She seemed more surprised than I was at her reaction. I guessed that she had never let herself go all the way with her orgasms, content with those small ones she had gotten all her life. Poor girl probably thought what she felt was the real deal. Now she knew better and I felt pretty good about that.
She pulled me up and kissed my wet face. She kissed me over and over, and I felt her tongue in my mouth. I kissed her back just as deeply. "I'm going to rent you for a weekend". She breathed it heavy in my ear. I actually felt a tingle all over. I had a deep feeling that there was something to this woman that she kept hidden from the world. I couldn't contain my excitement at peeling back her layers and finding what was underneath.
We were just breaking our contact when January appeared. Most of the people were gone, so she snapped a leash on the big ring on my collar. She walked me, bottomless down the hall. My young daughter walked the halls like she owned them. She walked me into Grainger's classroom and within minutes, I was bent over his desk, legs spread wide, with the teacher trying to shove his huge cock in my ass.
He huffed and puffed and finally pushed his cock into my ass. It didn't hurt. I had expected pain, but then I remembered Brenda licking my slit and thought there must have been enough to lubricate the way. I can cum sucking cock or being ass fucked. I have no doubt that the orgasm comes from my head, rather than my body. I know in my head that there isn't anything erogenous there that should trigger a response, but just the situation can drive me to get the good feeling.
Even being spanked hard can drive me over the top. Grainger wasn't one of those. He was content to drive himself in my ass over and over, unconcerned about what I was feeling, being satisfied by making me grunt as he plowed me. He was only concerned with himself. I was nothing but a tight hole to cum in.
I laid there and took it, satisfied in my servitude. I actually enjoyed being a slave. Hearing someone go from nothing to breathing hard and releasing in me was a joy in itself. There were times I felt so empowered, I felt like I could draw cum from a stone. I was smiling as I listened to Grainger getting close. He blew air out hard, groaned and emptied himself in my ass. "Did you like that, baby?" Baby. Did this fuck actually call me baby, like we were on a date? Fuck it. "Oh, yeah baby. You were great".
The teacher seemed quite pleased with himself. Smiling ear to ear, he dressed quickly, not even asking me to suck him clean."You can go. I'll see you next time". He walked away. Go? Go where? I had no idea where to go or what to do, and January wasn't there. I felt cum leak from my as even as I slipped into the skirt. There was nothing to wipe myself with, and I wandered into the hall, looking for a bathroom.
The first one I came across was a boy's room. The halls, and for all I knew, the school was empty, so I went in. I wet a bunch of paper towels and grabbed some dry ones, going to the last stall. I cleaned myself up pretty well, and was just finishing when I heard the door open. Two boys were chatting excitedly. They were talking over each other. "Pool party". "All afternoon naked". "Sucking our dicks". Fucking a MILF".
I was torn between hoping I wouldn't get caught and wanting to hear everything. Pool party fucking a MILF. Me? No. Couldn't be. I froze. Their footsteps were coming toward me. The door opened again and I heard a voice. "None of that in here. I just cleaned this. Do it outside". The young steps retreated and were gone. "Come on out". A deep voice. "I saw you come in". I opened the stall door and peeked out. The black janitor was smiling at me. He pulled his zipper down. "I think that save deserves a blow job".
I didn't hesitate. First of all, he was nice to me the other time I met him. Second, he had a nice big fat cock. Third, he had a nice big fat cock. I tried to squat, but the first time he pressed forward to fuck my face, he about knocked me on my ass. I ended up on my knees anyway. I giggled with his dick in my mouth thinking about wearing knee pads since I was spending so much time on my knees.
Even with me not paying full attention, his cock was standing at full size in a minute. I pulled his cock out. "Would you like to fuck me sir?" He mumbled something about not having time and stuck his dick back in my mouth. He fucked my face more than letting me blow him. I felt him shoot in my mouth and concentrated on keeping it in my mouth and not let it leak from the corners. I didn't have much time to clean him up. The black janitor zipped up. "Don't get caught in here". Then he was gone.
I covered up with my 2 small pieces of clothing and wandered the halls. After wandering for a few minutes, I heard a voice behind me. "Hey, where the fuck you been?" I was hasty to explain, but she didn't care. January clipped the leash to my collar. "I'm only cutting you some slack since you did a good job with Brenda. She wants you for a whole weekend". Once again, I thought about that as I was led down the hall.
She wants me for a weekend. What does that mean? I was taken to the gym. January snaked me through the back rooms, past the locker rooms and offices to the only one with lights on. The coach leaned against his desk. "Been waiting for ya". January unclipped my leash. "Strip". It takes no time at all to pull off 2 articles of clothing. The coach walked around my naked body, twice, slowly. He felt me up, breasts, ass and pussy. He seemed pleased.
Big black hands on my body always had the right effect. I could feel myself lubricating from within. I stood still, waiting for orders from one or the other. The coach, now behind me, took off his clothes. When he stepped up to me, I felt hard cock against my ass, a feeling I had come to know well. The large black man with the large black cock began to feel me up again. Despite being fucked by large black men for some time, I felt very white and very small against this man.
He scooped me up in a cradle position and laid me on the desk on my back. I opened my legs some. When he got close, I reached out. January stepped forward and grabbed a handful of my hair. Her lips were very close o my ear and she spoke in a whispered hiss. "Lay there. Don't touch him. He will move you how he wants you.Play dead". I didn't know what that meant, but I went limp and obeyed. From the corner of my eye, I saw the coach putting on a condom.
A condom? For me? It seemed strange after all the cum I had deposited in me over the last months. I just lay there. I said nothing. I even tried to think nothing. Maybe he wanted me to be a doll. Maybe he wanted me like I was knocked out or dead. Shit. I was thinking again. Just clear your mind. I closed my eyes. "Open your eyes. Don't look at me. Look at the ceiling". Weird became weirder. Even looking at the ceiling, I caught long string of spittle coming down to my mound. I felt his cock rubbing up and down.
Hands went to my knees and pushed them apart. Once again, my daughter was at my ear. "Don't move. Don't push back". I heard something else. It took a minute, without looking, to realize why January could speak at a higher volume. The coach had slipped on headphones. I also realized that he wasn't really looking at me. I felt the head of his cock splitting my lips. It took all of my willpower to lay still and take it, without participating. I wanted to push against the big man, embedding that big cock inside of me.
The coach put 2 big hands on my naked breasts. He began to pump that big black cock in and out of me. I sneaked a peek and saw him with his eyes closed, head back, just using my hole. His hands left me for a second and went back to my knees, once again pushing them apart, opening me up to his invasion. He began to pick up speed, pumping his cock in and out of my pussy. I gritted my teeth to hold off my building orgasm. In and out. In and out. He slammed his cock into me over and over.
He was giving it to me hard, just the way I liked it. He kept holding my legs apart, his hands now holding my ankles. I was spread wide, vulnerable. His curly black pubic hair kept making contact with my clit, and despite myself, I felt like I was going to go over the edge. I concentrated on keeping my head steady, staring at the ceiling and that helped. Suddenly I heard a rush of exhale and a groan and I knew he was blowing his load into thin latex. He let go of my ankles and I skipped a beat before remembering to just let my legs drop.
He seemed pleased at my performance. I couldn't tell for sure, since he gathered his clothes and just walked off. January touched my shoulder and crooked a finger. I got my shoes, top and skirt and followed her out. She stopped to let me get dressed. We were both silent. Once outside, I asked; "What was that all about?" "Who knows. Some weird fantasy I guess. Prepare yourself for it. He may call you back to do it again".
Once back in the car, I asked; "Brenda said she wanted to rent me?" "We'll talk about that later. Right now, I need to cum". January drove to a spot about half way between the school and the house. She pulled a bag up from the back seat. My young daughter rummaged around in the bag for a few seconds. I was shocked a little by what she pulled out. There was a large cock shaped dildo and a small bottle.
As she coated the big rubber cock with the lube, she motioned to the back seat. "Naked"; was all she said. I got my clothes off and jumped in the back seat. This took me back to high school, but I wasn't getting a teenage bump and groan this time. "Fuck me and lick my clit". My youngest controlled my actions in her favorite way, with her hand on the back of my head. She moved me this way and that, pulling me into her and moving me away.
She was breathing hard. "Faster. Harder. Fuck me harder". The dildo was big and almost impossibly thick. Working it in the first time brought me to the point of breaking a sweat. This thing had a big, bulbous head. It had to be at least 4" across, nearly as wide as a beer can. It was about 10" long, with another 6" at the bottom grip. The grip made it easy for me to fuck January. She was moaning and groaning. "Yes. Yes". I was at least as please with my efforts as she seemed to be.
Once the head was stuffed in, the large cock began to slide easier. I still had to work it in and out. She shoved her hips back against my hand. Pain be damned. She wanted that whole huge thing deep inside her. She matched her hip movement with my fist. She slammed herself forward as I thrust the heavy rubber into her. Once in, I began to lick her, around the dildo, on her ass and the top of her slit onto her clit.
She let out a long "fuuuucccccckkkkkkkk" as I licked her clit. My hand was moving faster, banging into her. When I viewed my progress, I could see her lips stretched around the thick cock, wondering how this little girl could take it. In all the time she had me satisfy her orally, I never saw her squirt. This time, however, as she screamed, her body contorted and I was suddenly wet. A hard stream of girl cum drenched my face. January went rigid. I remember thinking; 'Fuck. I killed her'.
She didn't move for several minutes. After realizing I hadn't killed my daughter by orgasm, I thought she had passed out. She hadn't passed out. In fact, when her eyes fluttered open, she had a crazy smile on her face. "That was... intense". It wasn't until then that she realized the dildo was still inside her. I was slowly moving it, just a few inches, in and out. She grabbed the handle and pulled it out of herself. It came out with a pop. "Your turn".
I was ready for anything. Well, I thought I was ready for anything. When I saw that she had planned to use the same dildo on me, I shuddered. I had no idea how or even if I was going to be able to take it. "You did a good job in school. You deserve a reward. Lay back". I did as I was told. Over a few minutes, January rubbed my pussy, then slipped a finger inside me, then 2. I was ready to cum just from the finger fucking.
I watched her. I wanted and didn't want to see what was coming. She was coating the dildo with another coat of lube. I swear I could feel my lips opening in anticipation. Filled with fear and apprehension, I felt the cock at my lips, even as she rubbed her thumb over my clit. You know how you twist a champagne cork out of a bottle, kind of twisting it back and forth? Now imagine the same motion, but this time working in, and rather than a bottle and cork, a wet pussy and a huge rubber dick.
For the 2nd time of the night, I was breaking a sweat. January pressed forward and pulled back, pressed forward and pulled back, twisting right to left and left to right as she went. Finally, my lips gave way and the big head popped into me. Fuck it was big. She gave me a few seconds to adjust, then began to work the big, heavy rubber in and out of me. I didn't make a sound, even as my body adjusted. There was a sharp pain, then throbbing, and finally my pussy, my whole body accepted the invader.
It began to feel good. I've never been a size queen, but I was excited, especially since her fingers hadn't left my clit. The more she rubbed, the wetter I got and the more vigorously I was being fucked. She was sliding most of the cock in and out of me. The pace was a pretty slow fuck, but long and deep. I tried to maintain my control, but still felt myself moaning. "Permission?" I managed to get out as I slipped into giving in to orgasm.
"Not yet". January started fucking me harder and faster. She rubbed my clit much harder now. I felt my head go back in response. There was a fine line between my pain and pleasure and my daughter was fast approaching the threshold. A single word came out from her. "Now". It was like magic. With permission, my mind and body submitted. I let out a long scream and had an explosive orgasm. It seemed to go on and on.
My body was shaking. My legs felt like rubber. I felt a heat inside myself like molten lava. I was very wet. My skin felt hot and cold. I felt a layer of moisture all over my body. My nipples were hard and reaching for the sky. I thought I could feel every nerve in my body. Just the feeling of January's breath exhaling on my body brought up goose bumps. I was tingling at every slight breeze. The moment seemed to last forever. She pulled the huge cock out of me. My orgasm started over.
I was very wet. I felt suddenly empty and very open. I felt myself and I felt so open that I probably could have inserted my entire fist with little effort. As if she could read my mind, January stuck 4 fingers into me. She left her thumb out, but most likely have inserted that too. Her entire palm was in me, and her thumb pressed on my clit. It wasn't a continuation of play. It was almost as though she was measuring me.
We collected ourselves and drove home. There were more people than usual there. I didn't see them, I just saw the additional cars and heard the voices in the other room. I was sent upstairs to get myself together. April came up to get me. She was wearing a short skirt and nothing else. My middle daughter didn't say anything. She simply clipped a leash on the ring on my collar and led me downstairs.
The men in the room included my father and father in law, my husband, (sorry, Master), Sam, John and a kid I had never seen before. The men were in various states of undress. September and January were both naked, drifting from man to man, being fondled and being kissed. As they lingered to be touched, they seemed to almost avoid cock contact. I was led to the middle of the room, where a table was set up.
I was placed on the table on my back. My hands were chained to the table legs. Bands were put around my knees, attached to chains, opening my legs and pulling them up toward my chest. My ass was at the edge of the table. September came over to warm me up. By 'warm me up', I mean slapping any flesh exposed to her hot hands. She spanked my exposed ass, the tops of my thighs, my tits, my belly and she even slapped my face a few times.
I realized the foreplay wasn't for me. It was for the audience. Every male eye was on my naked body, covered in red hand prints. January came over and breathed in my ear. "Not a word. Not a sound". Then I heard September, standing among the men, being fondled by 2 men. "Number 1". My father stepped forward and held up a small piece of paper. September looked at it, handed it to April, and went back to being felt up. April led my dad to me.
My father needed no encouragement. He lined his cock up and pushed himself into me. My shock was dampened a bit by having his cock in my mouth before this, but I still had a hard time wrapping my head around being fucked by my dad. I saw him looking down, watching himself banging in and out of my pussy. He was enjoying the view and never looked at my face. Well, he might have. I closed my eyes.
My dad pushed my knees apart as he drove his cock in and out of me. I could hear his breathing, a strong exhale every time he pushed into me. I suddenly heard a grunt and knew he was blowing his balls into me. This was confirmed by a wet trail of cum coming out of me as he pulled out. To be honest, I hadn't felt much. My dad's dick was average in size, but I had been pretty stretched out earlier. He seemed satisfied. When I opened my eyes, he had a smile on his face.
My dad went over to September, and she dropped to her knees, sucking his cock clean. April had 2 fingers up, and my father in law stepped forward. He came over and fucked me. It was pretty much a repeat. I didn't feel much down below, although he did pinch my nipples and pull on them hard as he finished in me. September washed his cock with her mouth as well, as April freed me. She handed me a water bottle and sent me to the bathroom to freshen up. "10 minutes", was all she said.
I cleaned myself up as best I could in the time allowed. I drank from the bottle until it was empty. I felt depleted, like I had been drained, but the water had a good effect. I felt myself coming back to life. I looked the room over as I came back in. 4 men. That probably meant I had 4 more fucks coming. Bring it on. I was built for this shit. I walked confidently into the room.
I was bent over the table this time, wrists chained to one end, ankles chained to the other. My legs were spread wide. This time, I felt like I couldn't move. I was stretched out and fastened pretty well I couldn't see anything happening behind me. That is why I did realize April was swinging a belt until it connected with my ass. The whipping went on for a long time. My ass and thighs, from the small of my back to the top of the backs of my knees were covered in angry red stripes.
I heard a few low words. I could only make out the final part from September. "No, just the pussy". A few seconds later, I felt a cock pushing into me from behind. Long strokes, all the way in, then a few short strokes. I didn't have to see his face. This was Sam's signature technique. Sam was fucking me with his big black cock. I also realized, knowing how much he liked it, that he had probably asked if he could use my ass.
I could feel him better than the 2 I had earlier. He slapped my already red ass as he fucked me. My ass was on fire. He fucked me longer than either of the fathers. His thick balls slapped against my clit over and over. I was used to that black cock stretching me out, but it slid in and out easily. Sam shifted a few times, attacking my battered pussy from different angles. He was trying to find a place where he got more friction. He raised himself up and seemed to find the right spot, fucking down into my pussy.
Good for him Bad for me. His balls now missed my clit completely. Any chance I had of cumming that way was now gone. He shoved himself into me and held himself. I knew he was pumping his cum deep inside me. He pulled out with a final slap on my ass. I was again empty. Sam walked around the table so I could see him. His wet cock was just inches from my face, but there was no way I could reach it.
I heard talking behind me. At least part of the party was breaking up. The fathers were leaving. They stopped by the head of the table to say goodbye. Both had happy looks on their faces. My dad lifted my chin and blew me a kiss. "I love you daddy". He smiled down at me. I have to admit, I felt good about giving these guys some release. Knowing my mom, I doubted he got any action at home. My mother in law was probably worse.
I heard a knock on the door and heard more people coming in. Male and female voices. I didn't recognize any of them. Someone was also knocking on my door again. I felt a decent size cock opening me. My count was changing. Well, maybe. If anything was sure, it was that the family had a few tricks up their sleeves. Every time I thought I was on to a pattern, things changed. Hearing a male voice, probably meant I had to be used by at least one more cock.
Another dick in me probably wasn't going to be an issue. I was wet, well cum lubricated. This cock moving in me felt familiar. I couldn't place it right away. Then it hit me. It was my husband. He hadn't touched me in a long time. Now I was being fucked by him. I wasn't upset by the sexual neglect. I was getting plenty of sex. He had 3 young cunts ready to do anything, anytime for him. I remembered that this whole thing started with my own betrayal with Sam. What I missed was the husband love. I put it out of my mind.
I know the opposite of love isn't hate. It is indifference. My family was far from indifferent to me. I was the single element that brought this lifestyle together. I got a lot of attention, even if I didn't get much affection. Too much to think about. Concentrate on your fucking. Although I couldn't move much, I tried to help the cocks along. I tried squeezing my pussy tighter and tried to push back on them.
I got fucked good this time. He lasted longer that the others, pulled out and rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit more than a few times, even lingering over my swelled and throbbing clit.. He reached up and pulled my hair as he fucked into me hard. My ass would shake a little every time he drove that hard cock into me. He fucked me with long, full strokes. I closed my eyes again and enjoyed the feeling.
There was no emotion attached. This was just fucking, and I was enjoying it. I was panting with every thrust that put that cock deep inside me. Knowing it was my husband made it all the better. I wanted to cum. I wanted a good orgasm. I was pretty sure I wasn't going to get one. Being able to have different feelings though, worked in my favor. I had a few of those deep fluttering feelings wash over me in my time on the table. I felt the warmth spread across my chest.
Finally, I was filled with another load of semen. I thought I knew my man pretty well, but this time, he hadn't talked dirty to me, groaned or anything else I was used to. He simply used my pussy. Once he emptied his balls in me, he pulled out and was gone. I was empty again, and once again I was freed to clean up. I got another bottle of water and another 10 minutes.
I was chained down the way I was the 1st time, on my back with my legs spread wide. I wasn't smacked this time though, and I was both pleased and disappointed by this. I was able to look around in this position. John was naked and I had a pretty good idea that he'd be using me next. There were 3 other people that I didn't recognize. Sam was sitting on the sofa talking to my husband. September was talking to the 3 new people and January was standing close to John.
John's cock was growing, and although I couldn't be sure, I thought one of his thick fingers were inside my daughter. January and April had on short skirts and no tops. September was wearing a shirt and nothing else. Sam and my husband were wearing boxers. The 3 new visitors wore regular clothes as far as I could see. John stepped away from January, came to me and shoved his hard cock in me in one stroke.
He has a big dick, and it surprised me when he was able to just shove it in me. I didn't feel stretched like I usually did when he fucked me. This was my biggest dick of the day, and I was enjoying it. I could feel him much more than any of the others. Still, it wasn't the same. I was used to the feeling of him opening me over and over, feeling my pussy contract around him. Now it felt like my pussy had given up on resizing. In surrender, my pussy had become a whatever, fuck it and cum in it. Get it over with.
I didn't feel that way in my head and I was kind of surprised that my body didn't mach my head. I had been used more times in a day than I was being used this day. Since I could still feel him, I knew I hadn't totally given up. I liked being fucked. I enjoyed being a cum slut for these guys. In addition to the pleasure, I felt like I was providing a service. Draining men of semen and getting girls to cum was my new career.
John fucked that big cock into me over and over. While I didn't feel him opening me, I did feel his length bottom out in me. There was something different about him fucking me this time. I was used to John. I think he stopped by at least weekly while I had been fucking. There were times I felt like he had a reason. He needed a release, to get off and I was his choice. The fucking was hard and fast. The other times were more casual. He would finger me, have me suck his cock and finally take me. He would take his time, almost exploring the insides of me.
This time, it seemed like there was no need and no desire. John was fucking me just to fuck me. It felt like he didn't care either way. It was a task, a job and nothing more. All he wanted was to get it over with. He was using me just to use me. I tried to look in his eyes, but he wasn't even looking at me. My feelings were confirmed when he put his cum in me and simply walked away. There had always been a little contact after, his fingers in me, playing with his cum, having me suck his fingers or cock. There was none of that this time.
Before I had time to catch my breath, January was coming over with the 2 new girls and the guy. "Meet Amy and Alex". I looked back and forth, wondering which was which. "This is Brian. Brian is Amy's brother and Alex's boyfriend. We made a deal. They need our help and it works out for us". I just looked back and forth. Still chained down and open, cum dripping out of me, there wasn't much to say.
"Brian wants more pussy than these 2 can give him. He is a little big for them. It takes a while for them to recover when he fucks them. Like a few days". A few days? I'm sure the look on my face was confusion. January reached over and unzipped Brian's jeans. She reached in and her hand moved, but she couldn't seem to get anything out. Finally, she gave up and undid the button, pulling his jeans and boxers down.
My breath caught in my throat. I was looking at the biggest dick I had ever seen. It looked like it was a foot long and at least as big around as a juice glass. I looked at the girls. I began to understand why they needed some recovery time after taking that huge thing. It wasn't even hard yet, and for the first time in my life, I was scared of the idea of that cock being shoved in me. There was just no way I was going to be able to take that.
"Between these 2, he can get sex about twice a week. It started with his girlfriend". January put her arm around the smaller, blonde girl on the left. "Alex and Brian are in love. He is breaking her in, but it is going slow. They talked Amy into helping". The brunette just smiled down at me. "It took a while to convince her, but now she is happy to help. They like it, but there are a few problems".
January reached out and pinched my nipple. "Brian can get a little carried away. Neither one of them can take all of his cock, and they can't blow him. He is too big for them to get their lips around". Alex began to blush. "Hand jobs were all right for a while, but he needs more. All 3 of us tried him, but none of us could take all of him. He couldn't even get the head in April". She pulled on my nipple harder. I didn't move or make a sound.
"So, here's the deal. Alex and Amy are going to be our housekeepers. Brian is going to fuck you. You're going to suck his dick. You're going to pay the girls". This time, I know I had an uncomprehending look on my face. "We're going to rent you out. We have set up jobs and rates. You'll do an hour, a day, a weekend, whatever we decide to arrange. You won't have anything to do around here". I looked back and forth between the faces and the cock. "Alex and Amy are in school. Amy is in culinary school. She'll be running the kitchen. Alex had a job at a hotel in housekeeping, so she knows how to get organized and get a system down for keeping up with the house".
I did no more than blink. I looked again from one face to the other. Again, my eyes settled on that dick. "So, the deal is that when they aren't in school, they'll pretty much be hanging out around here. The money we make from you will go to pay them. You'll also be fucking Brian. The girls have fooled around a little bit with each other, but nothing heavy. Your job will also be to lick them and teach them how to lick cunt". Both girls blushed at January's choice of words.
"Brian is going to fuck you now". It was like she was making an announcement. The guys really didn't seem to care, but my other 2 daughters came over to watch. "Take your pants off. You might want to rub yourself when you watch this". Amy spoke up. "we've watched each other a few times". "Not going to be the same. She'll take it all and take it hard", They talked about me like I wasn't there.
September put her hand on Brian's cock and played with it. Eventually, she brought the head up to my lips. Rubbing up and down, a mix of my juices and the cum still coming out of me coated the head of Brian's cock. The girls were now bottomless. While Alex played with herself a little, April was rubbing Amy's tiny pussy. She put a finger in Amy just as Brian pushed forward. Fuck he was big. It took a lot of rubbing and pushing jut to get the head in. I already felt more stretched than I had ever felt. I thought he was going to rip me open.
Once he had the plum size head in, I breathed a sigh of pain and relief. I felt more stretched than I had ever been. He pushed and pulled my pussy lips apart. After several minutes, I looked down and saw most of his cock still outside me. Even with all of the lubrication and the size of my well used pussy, he hadn't gotten all of his cock in me. Now it became a challenge. Something inside me told me I could take any size cock. The fact that he wasn't fully inside me kind of pissed me off.
I helped more than I had before. I pushed back hard every time he moved forward. I was wet all over now, my skin moist from the exertion. By this time, hearing all of the grunts, even the men ere watching. There was a crowd around the table. Girls faces were a mix of lust and fear. Men's faces were something of awe and something close to jealousy. I had been fisted before, but it didn't come close to this feeling. Either it had been so long ago that I had closed up beyond the ability to take it or my body was responding to what I saw invading me, trying to keep him from going fully into me.
Somewhere in between, someone touched my clit and I went into an involuntary, screaming orgasm. My body was filled like I had never felt before. I wasn't even aware of the feeling until it hit me. It felt like all body and no brain. I went rigid, every muscle contracting as my body was racked with a feeling so extreme that it is hard, even now, to describe. A pain shooting through me that caused me to lose all control, mixed with a sexual charge of total domination.
I went limp. The rigid feeling suddenly left me. It felt like it went on and on, but in reality it was probably just a minute or two. Suddenly feeling no resistance, the cock pressed the rest of the way in. Brian was also covered in sweat. He stopped, feeling his success of the first time someone had taken all of his cock. The girls felt the base of his cock, played with his balls and kissed him. Their fingers on the base of that cock connected with my clit yet again, and a series of blasts, like a string of firecrackers, went off inside me. I was unable to gather up a response. I just let the feeling wash over me.
I know I felt him hit bottom. I did't notice until later, but his cock was different. While the tip and the base were thick, it was actually wider in the center. When you thought he was in, the cock was just starting the journey. His cock had never passed this center mark with his sister or his girlfriend. He got enough penetration to cum, but had never gotten fully enveloped by pussy before.
I also found a truth somewhere in my mind. I had taken larger objects, hands and toys in my pussy before, but these had taken some time and a different motion. These items had been inserted slowly, twisting and turning and fully lubed until they were in. Quite different from sex motion, sliding straight in and out. Push in an inch, pull out an inch. My pussy, and probably others that had tried him had the same resistance to resizing to accommodate this huge phallus.
I looked up. He had a smile of satisfaction. The girl's expressions were more in the line of awe. I had taken it all. That being said, it didn't mean it still didn't hurt. Pain was something I was used to and actually enjoyed. He opened me up like I had never been opened before. I was like a rag doll at this point, him holding me by the hips and pulling me toward him as he pushed in. In and out, in and out and it was over. Being fully enveloped by pussy excited him to the point beyond his control.
Just a few strokes after he was in fully, he filled me with his sperm. He let out a long sound, a roar and a groan and long exhale. The pain I felt at his size was a dull ache. Once he was fully in, the sharp pains kind of went away. He flooded me. Cum was pouring out of me as he pushed in a final time and held there. Amy and Alex stared, wide eyed, at my pussy gripping his cock.
January was behind Alex, kissing her neck. Her arm snaked around the young girl's body and she was rubbing Alex's naked pussy. Amy's hand was on her own pussy. Their excitement was obvious. They were glassy eyed, nearly in a trance. They couldn't tear their eyes away, watching bubbles of cum trying to escape between pussy lips and cock. God, I was wet. My ass felt like I was sitting in a puddle. You can feel like you're in a sauna when you're fucking, but when it is over, the cold comes over you quickly.
Brian looked down as he withdrew. He seemed to pull out agonizingly slowly, a millimeter at a time. What took just a few seconds felt like long minutes as he eased out of me. He now had a smile on his face. He looked at January and she locked eyes with him, as though they had a shared secret. When Brian's cock finally was fully out, I felt more cum pouring out of me. I felt the empty inside me.
January grabbed Alex by the hair and forced her to her knees between Brian and I. She was staring into my gaping hole even as January was telling her to clean her boyfriend's cock with her mouth. I had forgotten about the other men. Sam, John and my husband had wandered over from time to time to check me out, but mostly had been sitting naked, drinking beer and talking. I saw this when I was untied and finally stood on shaky legs. More wetness came out of me now that I was vertical.
I was told to go and get cleaned up. January went with me, slapping my ass every time I slowed going up the steps. As I went up, I heard the next part of the special evening. John and Sam were going to give Alex and Amy their first black cock fucking. April was going to get her first action of the night, fucking her father. September was kissing Brian and playing with his balls. My girls had prepared these teens well. There was no hint of any jealousy or remorse over what was happening. I wondered if that would continue as they fell into our lives.
January treated me nice. I was shocked. She sat me on the toilet as she drew me a bath. My cum covered thighs stuck to the seat when she got me up and lowered me into the hot water. She took her time. I was washed and shampooed from head to toes. I was so relaxed and so exhausted that I nearly fell asleep at the pampered treatment. As my daughter cleaned me up inside and out, putting her fingers deep inside me, I closed my eyes and felt a soft, wet orgasm wash over me.
It was 2 hours before I came back downstairs. After my bath, I got rinsed in the shower. January dried me and told me to nap for an hour, and no longer. Her stern attitude had returned. The time she gave me was extended beyond my 60 minute nap, and I knew the extra 20 or so minutes were for doing my hair and makeup. I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow. I woke somewhat refreshed. Happy but with an ominous feeling inside me. There was a nagging thought that something was coming. I wasn't wrong.
I checked the time and was a few minutes early. As I came downstairs, I could see, hear and smell sex. The 2 young girls were being fucked hard. Alex was on her back on the floor, legs spread wide, taking all of John's impressive cock. It was shiny and slipped easily in and out of her. Her eyes were wide and her mouth formed a small 'o' as she grunted and groaned through each thrust. John wasn't taking it easy. He was fucking her hard, a big smile on his face.
John had her by the ankles, holding her wide open. Her hands were straight out, nails digging into the carpet. Her pussy lips gripped his cock as he pounded her. I thought this must have been going a long time, since I had been upstairs for the best part of 2 hours. Then I remembered that John had already cum at least once, in me, and I knew from experience that his second or third time took a while. He got erect pretty quickly, his recovery was good, but he could fuck for a long time before his balls would release a second dose of his seed.
Even so, he seemed to be enjoying himself, and the small white girl didn't seem to be complaining. Then again, it was a different time. I remembered when sex was making love. Nobody even said those words any more. It was all fucking and hooking up and movies and chill. Some of the romance and mystery was gone, it seemed, forever. Girls wore shirts that advertised that they were sluts, dressing in a way that barely covered their nipples and bald lips. They took pictures of themselves naked, then admonished anyone checking out a phone picture not to swipe right or left.
I wasn't sure it was a better time. There was something to be said for the chase. The pursuit was fun, no matter which side you were on, and although everyone knew where it would end up, they pretended they didn't. You had bases and some getting to know each other and some real emotion. Now it was just a physical act. I make you feel good, you make me feel good and fuck the feelings.
It seemed Amy was fine with that. She was on her hands and knees. Sam was behind her. Her face was sideways on the floor, her arms forward and out, and she was up on her knees taking a pounding. Sam had his hands on her hips as he plowed into her. She was making little 'fuck fuck fuck' sounds every time he drove into her. These changed from time to time, to 'fuck me'. He didn't need her encouragement. Despite being older, he could keep up with any of these kids. I knew that from experience. He banged away, and I could see the girl pushing her ass back every time he moved forward.
This scene was in the middle of the floor, and the girls were only a few feet apart. I looked over the room as I came in. My April was on her back on the couch, her father sliding in and out of her. Their eyes were closed and they were kissing like lovers. January was sitting on Brian's lap in the big chair. She was playing with his semi erect cock and he was running his fingers over her open slit. September sat alone in another chair, legs open occasionally running her fingertips over her pussy.
No one paid any attention to me standing there at the edge of the room. They were wrapped up in themselves and watching these 2 newbies getting their first taste of black dick. I didn't get the sense that either girl was having an orgasm. They were enjoying themselves, to be sure, but I got the feeling they didn't know how to cum and certainly didn't know how to drive toward one. They were content to let themselves be used, opened up and taking cock. They didn't know what they were missing.
Sam was the first to flood his partner. He let out a groan as he pumped his cum into Amy. I'm not sure she even knew what was happening. Her eyes opened even wider as she felt the sudden wetness. Sam drew his cock out slowly, and a generous glob of cum followed. Amy twitched as the cum worked down and over her clit. Sam turned her on her back and put his cock inches from her mouth. 'Suck me clean'. She blinked, then recovered and began sucking and licking his cock. 'The balls too, little girl'. I watched as she worked over him, cleaning him off.
Amy's small tits were explored by big black hands as she worked. Her small hands made his dick and balls look huge by comparison. Sam pinched her nipples and cupped her breasts. Her ass was flat on the floor, but her knees were up and open. I could nearly see into her. Even after Sam, satisfied that he was clean, moved away, she just laid back in the same position, resting. I made a small gesture. January disengaged herself from Brian and came over to me.
I whispered into my youngest daughter's ear. 'She didn't cum'. January looked over at the girl. 'So'? 'She doesn't know how'. January looked at the girl and back at me. She reached up and pinched my nipple. 'Good catch. I'll take care of it.' I was left standing there as January went to Amy. I wasn't surprised by the next part. Rather than working on the naked girl, she straddled her face. 'Lick me and pay attention'. From the look on her face, Amy clearly didn't get it, but she followed orders nonetheless.
January used the tiny girl's face like a Hitachi, and she wasn't gentile about it. January moved her pussy over the girl's lips and tongue, moving forward to direct the contact on her clit and away to keep herself on the edge of orgasm. Amy licked and kissed the wet slit over and over. Every now and then, she opened her eyes, looking directly at the pussy and sometimes up to January's face. Amy, after long minutes, put her hands on my daughter's ass and drew her into her mouth. I could see Amy's tongue move faster, and January began to shake in spite of herself.
January was losing control and Amy was gaining it, learning fast. She caught the rhythm and worked her mouth over and around the hard nub as January's head fell back and a gasp escaped her lips. The tongue was a blur as it licked over the clit at her lips, up and down and side to side. My daughter made a sound; more a grunt than anything, and her voice came out raspy. 'Pull my nipples and stick your fingers in me'.
I saw January's ass making small circles against the girl's mouth. I felt her hit the perfect position against Amy's lips and tongue. Amy had 2 fingers deep in my daughter's pussy. With her other hand, she caught a nipple between her thumb and forefinger and pulled hard. January screamed and had an explosive orgasm, squirting and soaking the teen face under her. It seemed to go on and on, although in reality, was probably a minute or so. January collapsed forward, unable for a second to catch her breath.
After a few minutes of resting, side by side, January looked at Amy. 'Your turn. Do the same thing. Put your pussy on my face wherever it feels best. Grind your clit on me. When it feels intense, like you're going to cum, pull away. Go back down when the feeling passes. Hold back as long as you can. The more you pull away and hold yourself from cumming, the better it will be when you let yourself go. Don't worry about me or even think about me. This is about you learning. Fuck my face'.
Amy looked unsure, but straddled my January's face anyway. January started licking up and down. Her face was very wet, probably more from Sam's cum than the girl's own juices. John had unloaded in Alex by this time, and cum was seeping from her open pussy lips. She was still on her back, feet flat on the floor, legs spread. John was sitting up. He inched his cock toward Alex's lips following Sam's lead. He didn't need to say a word. The young girl caught his wet cock and began to clean it with her mouth. She never said anything, but she seemed to enjoy the combination of her own juices and cum. Alex took her time, working her lips over the black cock and balls as though she had been doing it all her life.
September had taken January's place on Brian's lap. She was kissing him and whispering in his ear. He was content it seemed, to feel her up. I watched him slowly finger fucking my oldest, first with his middle finger, then with 2 fingers. It was a lazy finger fuck, just sliding in and out. No intention of elevating to a finger bang or making her cum. It was just a casual make out session. September stroked his cock as he played in her hole, her motions as casual as his. Just 2 teens playing.
April was now laying on top of her father. She was running her fingertips and lips over his chest. He held his daughter like a lover. His fingers traced her spine, down to cup her ass and back up. She shuddered from time to time, as his fingers coaxed goose bumps from her. His fingers lingered between her ass cheeks, playing over her ass and pussy lips. They were 2 lovers, oblivious to the others in the room. While everyone but me was engaged in their own activities, most were watching the Amy and January show.
I stood in the doorway. I was just an observer. Well, I was more than that. My vocabulary had changed. I went from blushing when I had to say 'pussy' to referring to my hole as my cunt. I went from making love to begging to be fucked. I had gone over the edge in being faithful and committed to my husband to opening my legs to any cock that wanted to use me. I went from being a housewife to being a slave with many masters. Masters and mistresses. My daughters used and abused me as much or more than the men in my life.
So many men. More in the last year than in my previous 40 years. I had trains pulled on me, one cum covered cock slipping out of me and a different one pushing into me before I could even catch my breath. I had been a forced oral slave, my mouth used for hours bringing men and women to orgasm. I had been gang banged, every hole I had being used at once for multiple men of every size and color. I had been a cum dump, men pulling out of me at the point of ejaculation to cover me head to toe in cum.
And yes, I had been filmed. Well, I guess they don't use film any longer. Video taped I guess, my images sold under many titles. Even with porn stars now having a celebrity status, my family keeps me anonymous. I have no tattoos, but if you watch my movies, you'll see some. The temporary tattoos look just like the real thing. My girls have gotten really good at doing my makeup and styling my wigs. You could watch my movies and pass me on he street 5 minutes later and never know it was me.
If you ever watched porn, you've probably seen me. I never see any money from it. My husband and my girls get it all. Not that it matters. I don't do it for the money. I do what I do because every day, I love my life more and more. I'll keep going, no matter what is demanded of me until I'm used up or sold. Yes, I've been told that I'll be sold if I can't fill my demands. The thought terrifies and excites me. Sometimes I think there must be something wrong with me, but at other times I feel like everybody has a purpose and a destiny and I'm just filling mine.
Amy was getting louder. January was forcing 3 fingers up into her. My youngest slapped Amy's ass and mauled her tits. The girl had clearly found he grind. She made noises through clenched teeth as she mover her pussy over January's mouth. Amy had a handful of hair, now moving the hot face under her into the best positions. My girl's hand was a blur as she thrust 3 fingers in and out of the shaved, tight pussy above her.
I hadn't thought about myself during everything I was watching. The truth was that before, I would have felt a mix of emotions, jealousy, lust, longing, desire, need. I had been conditioned to not just accepting my life, but knowing every part of me was under control. I would get pleasure, not just sexual but emotional, physical and mental. The mind fucks I got were the best. Feeling so alive when a whip connected with my flesh. I can't put into words how fulfilled I felt. Every part of me looked forward to the next day, the next experience. Every time I thought I couldn't take a minute more, I was pushed to a new level.
I was lost in my own thoughts when Amy had her first real orgasm. It was loud and wet and she nearly passed out from the intensity. The scream that came out of her was unlike anything I had ever heard. Her face went white and she collapsed, totally drained. January sat up and wiped her face with her hand. She snapped her fingers. It took a minute to get my attention. 'Get some water and a wet cloth'.
I had been through a number of experiences. Even so, I never expected the feeling I got when I moved from that spot. At my first step, liquid ran out of me and down my leg. My pussy had never felt so open. It seemed like just the act of walking opened me up more, and I was feeling the breeze from my moving up inside myself. A part of me knew that couldn't be possible while another part of me was concerned that this was the act that had broken my own pussy.
I couldn't take the time to inspect myself well, but I did put my fingers down there. Nearly my whole hand went inside with no resistance. I didn't linger over my thoughts, although I felt devastated. I got bottles of water and wet and dry cloths. I went around the room passing things out. When I was done, September spoke. 'Food'. I retreated to the kitchen, quickly making trays of finger foods. Nothing fancy, but some fruits and cheese and finger sandwiches. I served the group.
I went back to my doorway. The sex was over across the room, although I knew it could start up again at any minute. Their bellies temporarily filled and their thirst sated, January and Sam got up. Sam came to me and January came back with a covered box. Sam tied my wrists and ankles. I hadn't noticed before, but there were eye hooks screwed into the door frame. I made no protest. I had been tied up many times before. When the ropes were knotted on my limbs, January made a sweeping motion with her hand.
I knew the meaning. I never knew how long I'd be in that position, so January always afforded me the opportunity to use the bathroom before I was secured. I scrambled up the stairs, trying not to step on the ropes tied to my ankles. I tried another inspection of myself, but I also knew I was on a timer. I finished and returned to my spot. Sam hadn't moved. He quickly went to work, tying me to the door frame. He stepped back as January stepped up.
'We have a problem to address'. As she said this, she opened the box. I was tied spread eagle, feet wide apart and hands secured over my head. 'The boys have noticed that you've been getting loose lately'. She gestured at the men behind her. 'As you might know, we're going to be renting you out. We already have a deposit on you for 2 weeks from this weekend. You are pretty good at taking big dick, but we have some concerns about the smaller ones'.
I blinked. Mouth open, I tried to make some sense of the words, but my mind couldn't put them in a reasonable context. 'So here is what we're going to do'. She held the box up. Inside were silver balls of different sizes. The biggest, from what I could judge, was about the size of a golf ball. The smallest wasn't much bigger than a marble. 'You'll hold them in. You drop one or both, you get punished. The quicker they fall, the more severe the punishment. You understand'?
I nodded. 'Why'? I asked weakly. 'Some of these boys might have small, skinny dicks. They want to feel a tight pussy. Besides, the quicker they can get off, the more money we make. A flat statement, and it made sense. I nodded again. I was more than a little concerned when the largest of the balls slipped into me easily. I barely felt them going in. As she inserted the second ball, my daughter spoke. 'By the way, these balls are weighted in a special way. They'll play off of each other if you move, making you wet and even making you cum, so concentrate'.
I had heard of Kegel, but never Ben Wa. The first was to make your pussy stronger and tighter with exercise, the Ben Wa balls were what you used to actually do the exercises. You held them in and over time, it made your pussy muscles stronger and tighter. January smiled as she withdrew her fingers, letting her fingertips glide across my clit as she drew away. She went to her knees and Sam presented his cock to her. She drew it into her mouth.
Now I understood the gravity of my situation. It wasn't just that I had to hold the balls in. I would be turned on by the sight, sound and smell of sex going on all around me. I committed myself to my task. Seconds later, I lost concentration just for a second, and a ball dropped. Sam pulled his cock out of January's mouth with a pop. He went into the kitchen as January came up to me. Every naked body in the room seemed to be staring at me.
January took both of my nipples between her fingers. She pulled and twisted them. A shot of pain went through me and I gasped. My recovery was fast and I remember thinking this wasn't so bad. I hadn't noticed that Sam hadn't returned. I didn't notice anything off until his thick leather belt came full swing across my ass from behind. He had simply went through the kitchen and down the hall. Everyone in the room saw him except me.
On the second time the belt connected, the second ball dropped. I sighed. It was going to be a long night.
*****
This is the end of 'My Adventure'. 'My Next Adventure' will start soon. In the meantime, there will be some related side stories, some long and some short coming. Vote if you're feeling it.