Back in the day of Craigslist I used to post that I would sit in the driveway in a very short red robe. I found many wanted to talk about coming by and taking a look but not many would do so. However, one night in particular stands out.
It was a nice evening, I had posted earlier and several hinted they would come by but maybe wanted to see more. I was not above showing off my naked body as they drove by, and hinted if they stopped I would be willing to meet them in the backyard. This turned into a wonderful evening.
Around 10:30 I got an email that Dave wanted to come by and he was close. I had already had a couple of glasses of wine so I was quite eager for someone to come over. He told me what he was driving and soon I saw him slowly drive by. My short robe was barely covering my cock and balls, and I am not sure of that even. He stared hard then drove around the block. The next time by I let my robe slip open and I let my cock and balls dangle freely for him to see. Once he saw that, he parked down a couple of houses and walked back to me. As he got to the driveway I let him see my bare cock then I got up and walked into the backyard. There I had prepared a blanket and lotion and I got on my knees. He walked in the gate and there I was, stark naked on my knees. He groaned as he unzipped and dropped his shorts. He had said his cock was 7" or so and that appealed to me. He wasn't lying and he pressed his growing erection to my lips. I caressed his cock and balls and took his massive dick into my mouth.
I began to suck him in earnest sliding up and down his hard shaft. I cradles his balls and worked his cock into my throat. I was surprised but I was able to take him all the way down, my nose nestled at his bare balls. Slurping and sucking it wasn't long until he was ready to cum. I had told him I wanted his cum shooting on me so he took his cock in his hand as I laid out. He stood over me and soon began to shoot a lot of cum all over me. My chest, tummy and cock was covered in his cum. As always he was ready to go, and he zipped up and left. I slipped my robe on over my cum covered body and returned to my chair.
As I checked my email, I could feel his cum running down my body pooling around my cock and balls, even running down my crack. It was wonderful...but it was going to get better.
I had another email of a guy eager to stop by. He was their in about 20 minutes, another glass of wine and a lot of hot emails later he drove by. I shave my legs so they look pretty good under my shorty robe. He stared carefully and I uncrossed my legs so he could see my cock hanging low between my legs. I have quite large balls and they hang low so I would love to see me naked.
He too pulled over and walked back to me. I walked into the backyard and slid the robe off and got on my knees naked before him. I lubed up my ass just in case he wanted to play with it. He dropped his shorts and presented his cock to me. I began to suck him immediately, he let his hands roam all over me and as I sucked him he found my lubed up asshole. He slid around and soon had one finger up my ass as I continued to suck him. He wanted to fuck me but I wasn't ready, so I sucked him deep. Soon he began to moan and I knew his cum was ready for me. He could see the earlier guys cum on me and I felt his balls tighten as he began to shoot. I swallowed his first couple of shots of cum then I milked him all over me. His cum mingled with the earlier cum and I was ecstatic. I just hoped that tomorrow night was as fruitful.
I crawled into bed and pulled the sheet up over my cum covered body. With one had I reached over and slipped my hand under my wifes ass. It was a good night.