My wife Karen wasn't looking forward to turning 30. Although she's still as hot and sexy as ever, for some reason it was getting her down. I decided to throw her a special kind of birthday party to cheer her up.
Since she's an avid exhibitionist I had an idea that I thought would boost her spirits. I sent out invitations to our friends indicating that would be throwing a special birthday party for my wife.
The invitations indicated that Karen feeling down about turning 30 so I wanted to reassure her about her looks. I suggested people buy her clothes—and the sexier the better. I also offered to reimburse everyone for what they spent.
I also indicated that I would be telling Karen about this on the day of the party, but they should otherwise keep it a secret. Naturally I included Karen's measurements and dress sizes.
When I told Karen I gave her an idea of who would be coming. She asked what she should wear.
"Wear whatever you feel sexy in," I told her. "I expect people will be giving you clothes and they'll probably want you to model for them."
"What kinds of clothes?" she asked
"I didn't specify, other than something sexy," I said with a shrug.
"That could mean just about anything," Karen replied.
"Don't worry about it honey," I said. "Let's see what happens."
I didn't say anything to our friends about Karen modeling for us. I wanted them to throw caution to the wind and they might not if they knew she'd be wearing their gifts that night. I also know Karen has a thing for spontaneity.
Karen's curiosity picked up even more when her friend Audrey arrived from out of town. Audrey has a habit of letting out Karen's wild side and just about anything can happen when she's around. Now Karen was really curious. Audrey had a gift for Karen with a note on it that said "open last."
When Karen tried to get answers from Audrey about the plans for the evening, Audrey really couldn't answer, for she had no idea what people were going to bring.
Everyone arrived well dressed. There were five couples along with a few of our single friends: Joe, Jerry and Amy. Everyone arrived with a gift for Karen. The alcohol flowed freely and Karen had a good buzz going by the time the meal was gone and the caterers started packing up.
I brought everyone into the living room and had Karen sit in a chair with Audrey handing her presents. The first few were from the married couples. One was a knit dress with a plunging neckline that looked like it might be a bit small on Karen as she held it in front of her.
"Don't worry honey, you've got the body for it," a woman said, reading the expression on Karen's face.
Another present was a micro-miniskirt with a belly shirt made of rather sheer fabric. Just picturing Karen in this started to turn me on. Karen opened a few more: a dress with side cutouts; a miniskirt and mesh-sweater combo; a corset bustier combo.
Then Karen opened a present that really got everyone's attention. It seemed our three single friends all went shopping together, since the guys were clueless about what to buy.
The first box contained a slip and panties. The next was a set of lacy bra and panties. There were a couple of whistles and cheers when Karen held up the items. The last one was a fishnet teddy and g-string that would leave almost nothing to the imagination.
"Well the invitation said something sexy," Amy, the single girl said with a smile and a shrug.
Then Audrey handed her gift to Karen. Inside was a tiny mesh g-string and bra, tube top, and micro-miniskirt.
"I call this your stripper's costume," Audrey said.
There were plenty of cheers, whistles and gasps from the crowd. Audrey suggested that Karen try on the clothes.
"Well, not all of them," Karen said with a laugh as she held up Audrey's gift.
"Oh come on, it'll be fun," Audrey insisted.
"It'd be rude not to let us see them on you."
Karen resisted.
"I think if you don't try on the clothes and model for us, you don't get to keep them," Audrey insisted.
"Well, maybe some of them," Karen said as she held them the dress.
"All of them," Audrey insisted. "We'll set a timer, wear each outfit for..."
"Ten minutes," someone suggested.
"No, 15," someone else said.
"Fine, 15 minutes it is," Audrey said. "Agreed?"
The crowd agreed with this and cheered Karen on. With encouragement from the crowd, Karen said she would try on some of the clothes and see how it went. Karen, Audrey and one of the wives went upstairs with the clothes.
I handed Karen a shot and she downed it when she returned to the living room.
The dress fit her perfectly and it was obvious she wasn't wearing anything underneath, with her nipples nearly poking through the fabric. Many of our friends had her turn around slowly for them and I could tell Karen loved the attention and the compliments.
The dress with the plunging neckline showed off plenty of sideboob and everyone got an ample view of Karen's assets.
The mesh sweater and miniskirt was even better, for everyone could clearly make out the outline of her breasts. Her rock-hard nipples push themselves through gaps in the material and Karen made no effort to cover them up.
The micro-miniskirt and sheer belly shirt looked amazing on her, and she knew it. There were plenty of appreciative whistles and comments as she strutted her way around the room, playing the role of a model.
Her breasts pushed the belly shirt out away from her body and the skirt barely covered her ass. Her nipples and the outline of her breasts were even more visible through the sheer fabric.
Karen was drinking quite a bit for "liquid courage" and was obvious it was getting tipsy, though she loved showing off her body and this party gave her the excuse to do so.
I enjoyed watching everyone's expressions. Most of them were trying to hide it, but they were all checking out my wife and most of their eyes were glued to her chest.
Then came the corset and bustier combo. By now everyone was well lubricated and the husbands didn't try to hide their enthusiasm when Karen entered the room. The bustier pushed her breasts up like a shelf, barely containing her ample chest. Part of her nipples were clearly exposed.
Karen acted like she was embarrassed, but I knew better. She loved being the center of attention like this and the fact that our friends were ogling her.
Audrey told Karen it was time to try on more clothes. Karen shook her head.
"I think this is sexy enough for one evening," Karen said was a bit of a slur in her voice as she looked down at her chest. "I probably shouldn't have worn this, but I love it."
"Oh come on, Karen, at least the underwear," Audrey insisted. "You've got bikinis that size."
Karen thought about this for a moment as a few of the men encouraged her to keep going. When she returned she downed another shot and mouths hung open as she strutted her way into the room.
The slip and panties looked amazing on her. The lacy bra and panties were even better. Not only could the bra barely contain her chest, it was a bit more transparent than the other outfits.
Her breasts practically spilled out from all sides and jiggled as she walked. The bottoms were tiny as well and her ass cheeks shook with each step. Now my dick really began to stir, especially when I saw people's reactions.
Karen acted like she was embarrassed and she asked Audrey a couple of times if her 15 minutes were up yet. Audrey just smiled and shook her head.
"You know the rules, honey," Audrey reminded her. "You agreed to this if you want to keep the clothes."
There were plenty of whistles around the room. With encouragement from Audrey and the others, Karen showed herself off to everyone and gave them a good view from all sides.
"Feeling sexy tonight?" I whispered to her as I pulled her into the hallway.
"I think this is the last of it," Karen said with a smile.
"You should keep going," I suggested.
"I wouldn't dare," Karen replied.
"Yes you would," I said. "I know you love showing off."
"With our friends?" Karen asked as she looked into the living room.
"Don't stop now," I said with a smile.
Audrey called to us and said it was time for Karen to try on another outfit.
"Karen has two more outfits to try on for us," Audrey said. "Who thinks she should keep going?"
There were cheers and appreciative comments from the guests, especially the men.
"I don't know guys," Karen said as she looked down at her chest. "I think this is enough for one night."
There were boos from the guests.
"If you want to keep the clothes, you have to try them on—and that means all of them," Audrey insisted. "Your friends went to a lot of trouble picking these out for you. The least you could do is let us see them on you."
Karen looked to me and asked what I thought.
"Do what you like honey, it's your birthday," I said. "Who thinks Karen should keep going?"
Amy began a chant that was quickly joined by the two single guys and the others: "Try them on! Try them on!"
The crowd kept chanting until Karen relented. Everyone cheered as Karen turned and went upstairs with Audrey. The goal of this party was to help Karen feel sexy about herself and it was certainly working.
She returned in the fishnet teddy and tiny g-string. She might as well have been naked. Most of her body was now plainly visible. Her breasts and ass cheeks jiggled even more as she strutted around, striking poses for everyone. She teased everyone by inviting them to check out the material and many of them did so, as it gave them an excuse to paw at her breasts and ass.
Karen was drunk and so were most of the guests. They were all checking her out and not even trying to pretend otherwise. The excitement in the room was obvious, especially among the guys. I could tell Karen was getting really turned on as well.
The crowd cheered again when Karen returned with her stripper's costume. Karen blushed, but stood there proudly for a moment. She downed another shot and walked into the room with a bit of a stagger.
I changed the music and turned up the volume. Someone told Karen she should dance for us. The guests backed away a bit and Karen started to dance. I made my way forward to get a better view.
Karen strutted her way around, with all eyes glued to her body. She's performed plenty of stripteases for me and had fantasized about being a stripper, so she certainly knew how to move like one.
Audrey started a chant and everyone joined in: "Strip! Strip! Strip! Strip!"
Karen strutted over to me. She was panting and in heat.
"Should I strip for them?" she asked.
"You don't have a choice," I said with a smile.
Karen beamed and I told everyone to take a seat. Karen strutted around and tossed the tube top aside.
"Shake those titties!" Audrey called out.
Karen smiled and seemed eager to comply. She began with her shoulders, increasing her movements more and more as everyone stared and ogled her breasts. She kept this up as she went around the room, making sure everyone had a good look.
The crowd cheered and whistled with encouragement. People told her how gorgeous and sexy she was and they were right. We were all in heat.
Karen tossed the miniskirt aside. She was down to the tiny mesh bra and the even smaller, mesh g-string. Everyone cheered again. Karen strutted around the room, shaking her tits and ass for the appreciative crowd.
She turned away, untied the bra and tossed it aside as the crowd egged her on even more with catcalls, whistles and cheers. She cupped her breasts with her hands, turned around and released them with a smile as the crowd cheered.
Karen dropped down to her knees, and shook her breasts all over the place. She leaned back and caressed her breasts while seductively licking her lips.
"Man, she ought to be a stripper!" Joe declared.
"She's hotter than any stripper I ever saw!" Jerry replied.
Karen smiled at the compliment, stood and strutted over to them. She danced seductively for the two of them, then turned around and rubbed her barely-covered ass against Jerry's crotch.
The crowd's reaction ranged from shock among some of the wives, but appreciation from most of the men who cheered and egged her on. Karen went to Joe and gave him the same treatment. She could feel their hardons rubbing against her ass cheeks and loved it. What better way for her to know how much they wanted her.
Audrey started to chant, calling for Karen to perform a lapdance.
"Lap dance! Lap dance! Lap dance," the crowd joined in.
Karen strutted over to me as the men and a few of the wives cheered her on. A few of the wives seemed surprised to see things go this far, but I didn't care.
She straddled my lap, faced me and gave me a passionate kiss as everyone cheered. I feasted upon her breasts. There were more cheers from the crowd.
Karen stood up and strutted her way around the room, letting everyone get a good look at her. She stopped and shook her breasts for them, danced around a bit and made her way back over to me. I waved her closer and whispered in her ear, "lose the g-string, you know you want to."
She smiled, turned away from the crowd, slid the g-string down and covered her pussy with her hands as the crowd cheered again. She turned around and I thought the room would explode as she pulled her hands away and everyone saw her completely shaved pussy.
Karen strutted around the room again. She stopped every few steps to spread out her arms and legs, giving everyone a good look at her.
She went to Joe, turned around and gave him a lap dance, rubbing her bare ass against his crotch as his hands roamed over her body. She gave Jerry the same treatment, then went around the room.
Karen went to each of the men and did the same. Stephanie seemed shocked, as her husband Jack received his lap dance from Karen. He really had no choice, for Karen was not taking no for an answer.
"It's my birthday," Karen said to Stephanie with a smile as she ground her bare ass against Jack's crotch. "You all wanted me to strip, didn't you?"
Before Stephanie could respond, Karen straddled her and thrust her chest into the Stephanie's face, burying her in cleavage.
After Karen had given everyone the same treatment, she crawled her way over to me on her hands and knees, with her breasts hanging down and jiggling with each move.
When Karen reached me, her mouth went to my crotch and she kissed my dick through my pants as I let out a sigh. She stood and turned around, lowered herself to me and began to grind her bare ass against my crotch.
I reached around and fondled her breasts before reaching down to her pussy. It was really wet and she let out a sigh. She leaned back against my chest as I began to finger her.
"Let's fuck, right now," Karen whispered. "I'm so horny."
"With everyone watching?" I asked.
"I don't care," Karen replied. "I'm so horny I could fuck them all."
"Then maybe you should," I replied.
Karen nearly jumped from my lap. She turned around and faced me.
"Are you serious?" Karen asked. She looked around.
"Happy birthday honey," I said with a smile. "Have as many as you like."
She thought this over for a moment and looked around the room. I couldn't wait any longer. I pushed her to the floor and buried my face between her legs. I heard cheers and whistles, but if anyone was shocked by this I was so horny I didn't care.
There were a couple of gasps from the crowd. I looked up and saw Audrey approaching, completely naked. I stood up and nearly jumped out of my clothes as Audrey joined Karen on the floor and kissed her passionately while reaching between her legs. Karen reached out for Audrey's pussy. If there were any complaints from the crowd, the loud cheers drowned them out.
I pulled Karen onto all fours and entered her from behind. Audrey got on the floor and pulled Karen's mouth to her pussy. I grabbed Karen's shoulders and fucked her hard as she went down on Audrey. I knew I wouldn't last very long and I soon shot my load inside her.
I motioned to one of the single guys to take my place.
"You sure about this, man?" Joe asked as he approached, stepping out of his shoes and unbuttoning his shirt.
"Somebody fuck me before I say no," Karen pleaded.
Joe didn't have to be asked twice. He was out of his clothes in a flash and began fucking my wife from behind. Audrey soon came with a thunderous orgasm. Audrey crawled away and Amy approached. She looked at me and I nodded my approval.
Amy pulled her own dress up over her head. She was naked underneath and she took Audrey's place to get a tongue lashing from Karen.
Karen and I had talked about having a gangbang before, though she always thought it should be spontaneous and wasn't the kind of thing she would plan for. Now it was finally happening.
Our friend Jack pulled out a cell phone to take some video, but I put a stop to that.
"I wasn't expecting an orgy," his wife Stephanie said, apparently shocked at the scene before her.
"It looks more like a gangbang to me honey," Jack said with a laugh.
"Are you going to put a stop to this?" Stephanie asked me.
"We're all friends here," I said with a shrug. "Let her have some fun."
"That's not all she's having," Stephanie replied.
Her tone was one of disapproval, but I noticed her eyes were glued to the performance in front of her.
I turned around to the sound of Karen and the other two screaming with pleasure. Jerry was already naked and stroking his dick, ready to go.
Karen looked at him with a smile as he joined her on the floor and entered her from behind.
Among the wives, I noticed Jackie was sitting in a chair with a hand underneath her dress. I went over to her, grabbed her other hand and pulled her to her feet. Her eyes never left Karen.
"It's Karen's birthday, you want to get a present, don't you?" I asked.
Jackie didn't say anything. She looked at her husband Steve, but his eyes were on Karen. I reached behind Jackie and unzipped her dress. She let it fall to the floor. I unhooked her bra, slid her panties to the floor and brought her over to Karen.
I'd always wanted to see Jackie naked, I bet we all did. She had a great body. I pressed down on her shoulders and she gave no resistance. She seemed to be in a fog.
Karen looked up at Jackie and waved her down. Jackie dropped down to her knees in front of her and Karen reached out to caress Jackie's pussy. Jackie sighed and within less than a minute Karen's face was between her legs.
Many of the guests looked at Steve and it didn't take long for him to respond. He stepped forward and out of his clothes to join his wife on the floor. He tried offering his dick for her to suck on, but she shook her head. She looked at him, panting, and bit her lip.
It was obvious Jerry wouldn't last much longer. Steve nodded to his wife and once again offered her his dick. Jackie played with it to keep him hard.
Jack and Stephanie approached me. Despite Stephanie's disapproval, it was obvious they were both turned on. Jack asked me if they could "borrow" one of our bedrooms for a bit. I looked around the room, thought it over and told him no.
"You can join in the party if you want," I offered as I nodded to the scene before us. "This is Karen's night. It'd be rude for you to leave now."
"We weren't expecting an orgy, gangbang or whatever you call this," Stephanie protested.
"Neither was I, but I wanted Karen to feel sexy tonight and if you leave it might embarrass her," I said.
I turned and walked away before they could reply. I realized I was still naked and laughed at myself for not realizing it. I figured there was no reason to get dressed at this point.
Karen was still on all fours, going down on Jackie while Steve fucked Karen from behind. I moved over to get a side view of Karen's lovely breasts handing down, jiggling with each thrust of Steve's dick inside her.
I noticed Vicki and her husband John had moved closer to Karen and they seemed entranced by her. I made my way over to them and whispered in their ears, "you're next, both of you."
They looked at each other apprehensively.
"We're all friends here," I insisted. "Karen would be insulted if you didn't."
Vicki looked at Jackie, who was now screaming with delight. I reached for the zipper on Vicki's dress and slowly unzipped her. She let the dress fall to the floor. They began kissing and undressing each other. She pulled down his underwear and played with his dick. He was rock hard and ready to go.
They joined the threesome on the floor, watching intently as Vicki stroked her husband's dick and he fingered her pussy. Steve came and John took his place. It took a while longer before Jackie came and Vicki took her place.
I approached two other couples.
"It looks like everyone's going to get a turn with Karen tonight," I said.
All four of them glanced at me, then returned their gazes to the threesome on the floor.
"No pressure, just an offer to join in," I said. "She'll feel like the sexiest woman in the world."
I walked away and went back to my side view of the action. John's groaning became louder and it was obvious he wouldn't last much longer.
Nancy whispered something into her husband's ear. He looked at her with excitement and she nodded. He stripped out of his clothes and get down to the floor. Vicki reached out and played with his dick.
After John came, Karen's knees were getting sore so she got onto her backside with a pillow under her ass. Vicki straddled Karen's face. Kevin entered Karen and positioned her legs up over his shoulders.
I noticed Jack and Stephanie whispering to each other. They moved in for a closer view and sat on the floor. In no time Stephanie's hand was inside Jack's pants. He reached under her dress and she let out a sigh.
After a minute or so I approached them and whispered into their ears.
"Jack, the only fucking you'll be doing tonight is with my wife," I said. "This is Karen's party, remember? She'd be insulted if you didn't."
They said nothing, but their eyes never left the threesome before us.
"Stephanie, you'll be next with Karen," I said. "Don't tell me you don't want to."
Vicki's body shook as she screamed with pleasure. Stephanie was panting, almost drooling at the sight. When Vicki rolled away, Stephanie glanced at her husband, slid off her panties, removed her skirt and made her way over to Karen.
Stephanie joined Karen on the floor, bit her lip, closed her eyes and straddled Karen's face. Karen grabbed Stephanie's ass and pulled her closer.
"Ohhhhhh yes!" Stephanie sighed as Karen's mouth and tongue went to work.
Jack watched for a moment before removing his clothes and moving closer to wait his turn. Looking at the last remaining couple, it was obvious Mary and Ted wouldn't need any encouragement. They were both naked on the floor. She was keeping him hard while he played with her pussy.
All of this activity had an effect on me. By now I'd recovered I was wondering if I'd get a second chance with Karen or if she'd be too tired afterwards. That's when Nancy approached me.
"Kevin wants me to suck you off," Nancy whispered in my ear.
"What about Karen?" I asked.
"I'm not into girls," Nancy said. "Kevin said this is his way of thanking you."
I looked over at Kevin. He'd finished with my wife and sat on one of the couches. He gave me a smile and a thumbs up. Before I could say anything to Nancy she was on her knees taking my semi-hard dick into her mouth.
Between watching my wife on the floor and Nancy's talented mouth it didn't take long before I was fully hard and she slurped away at my dick, taking its full length into her throat. Jack fucked Karen hard as his wife straddled Karen's face.
When I came Nancy swallowed my load and milked me dry with her mouth. Jack was now fucking Karen and Mary joined them. Jack came pretty quickly and Mary was soon to follow.
Karen rolled away from the pillow and wiped her chin with her hand as I initiated a round of applause. Looking at our naked, satiated friends, it was as if she came out of a trance and realized what had just happened. I joined her on the floor and gave her a hug. Her mouth and tongue were so tired she could barely speak.
"Oh honey, you're not mad, are you?" Karen asked. I smiled, told her "no" and kissed her forehead. I helped her to her feet.
"You're the sexiest woman I know," I said as I gave her a hug and our friends continued their applause. "I can't blame our friends for wanting a piece of you."