Author's note: This story is a condensed excerpt from a much larger work.
Background: My name is Tami. I'm a thirty-nine year old woman and I'm part of a group marriage with one husband, Bill, and three wives, myself, Kim, and Jill. I'm five foot six with long honey blond hair and a trim one hundred and twenty pound body. I have D cup breasts, a twenty-three inch waist, and thirty-eight inch hips. My armpit hair is grown out and kept trimmed to about an inch and all of my pubic hair is kept plucked. As a symbol of our marriage all of us have permanent -- no captive ball -- gold rings in our nipples. My nipples are large and are dark brown. I have a large gold captive ball ring in each of my inner labia, matching large rings in my outer labia and a tiny one right in the end of my clitoris. My husband also had two tattoos done on my body. They are matching red roses with green stems and leaves, one where my pubic hair used to be and the other just above the crack of my ass. I have a huge sexual appetite and I've found that I really enjoy medium to heavy pain with my sex. I and my other wives have given our husband total control over our sexual activities. He creates sexual adventures for each of us based on our unique sexual preferences.
*
Hi everyone. I'm now going to tell you a story from the early part of my relationship with Bill. At that time I was still married and I only met with Bill one night a month for a sexual adventure. This particular adventure was my fourth time with him. By this point in time he'd awakened in me the sexual being that had been bottled up by nearly twenty years of marriage with what I now know was the wrong man for me.
I met Bill at our pre-arranged place, a bus stop a couple of blocks from my house. I was into the fourth month of an 'eat well and exercise' routine, and it was really improving my figure. I had only lost a couple of pounds, but I sure had moved some around. I was leaner and more muscular everywhere and I looked like a woman in her mid-twenties. Right on time I walked up to the bus stop. I was thoroughly enjoying the walk. I was dressed in a short denim skirt and a skimpy halter top and I just loved the looks I was getting from the people in the cars that were passing me. I wasn't wearing any underwear, as per Bill's orders, and the gold rings he'd placed in my inner labia were jiggling and bouncing as I walked. This was just the icing on the cake of a month's worth of impatiently waiting for this night. I was totally enjoying the felling of being a very sexy woman. The sense of 'femaleness' that welled up in me was almost overpowering!
I smiled warmly at Bill as I got into the front seat. "Hello, Master," I cooed. "What will you're pleasure be this time? How may I serve you?"
He smiled back at me and took a good long look at me. After almost a full minute, I finally giggled and asked, "What?"
"You're glowing!" he replied. "You're wearing your sexual desire like a cloak. Your every movement screamed that you are a woman that is proud of her sex and her sexuality. I can't hide you away from the world tonight. That would be criminal! You look absolutely fantastic tonight, my beautiful sex toy. You have a sexual glow going that I'm just going to have to share with as many people as I can."
His words enflamed me! I felt a huge blush and a wonderful tingling sensation low in my belly. My God this man could make me horny! He reached out his hand and cupped my right breast.
"Ooooohhhh, Master," I breathed huskily. I put my hand on his and pressed it hard against my breast. "Master I have never been this horny in my life. I haven't been able to sit down all day. I have to keep standing or the pressure on my cunt almost makes me cum. Please fuck me, Master"
I was now quivering with excitement. He tweaked my nipple with his thumb and finger and my moan of delight was almost a growl.
"You've just given me a couple of ideas, my sex toy. Three actually but I'll reserve inserting several inches of my body inside yours until much later. Buckle up! We have to hurry."
He fired up the car and drove off. Several minutes later we pulled up at Don's piercing shop. We got there just as they were closing up, but when Don saw us he waved us inside.
"This should just take a minute," Bill said. "I'd like to up the size of Tami's rings. Have a look and tell me what you'd suggest."
I could tell that my face was flushed with excitement as I took off my halter-top and slipped out of my skirt. My radiant sexual glow wasn't lost on Don either. He paused as he walked towards me after washing his hands and just looked at me for several seconds.
"You're sure looking good tonight, Tami," Don said. The additional praise just added to my aura. I straightened my back and pushed my breasts out a littler farther. Don looked me over and said, "She could take an eight gauge ring in her nipples, and I might even have a heavier pair for her labia. Have you considered stepping up to gold plating? With her skin tones and this glow that she has going the gold would look great."
"Do it!" I said.
Don picked out two pairs of gold captive ball rings. He cleaned them well and had me sit on his table while he did the swap. He had to hold each of my breasts as he used some liquid anti-bacterial soap to lubricate each of my existing rings. Then he removed the balls from the old and new rings, pushed the old ones out with the new ones, which required a little bit of pushing and twisting, and then he fixed the new gold balls in the larger gold rings. I had been quietly moaning while he did this, and at first Don thought he was hurting me. Then he looked at my face and saw that my eyes were nearly closed and I was just floating on the sensations that were flooding her body from my big sensitive nipples. Don then performed the same process on my labia rings. The ones that Bill had placed in me were already an eight gauge, so I don't know what size these new ones were. Maybe six? They were visibly larger and looked much heavier. I was trembling as Don pulled and pushed to get the new rings through my piercings. Twice he had to stop and wipe my labia dry so that he could get a grip on them. My cunt was flowing like a spring.
When he was done, I continued to lie on her back gasping and trembling. "Are you OK?" Don asked her.
"Oh yes," I replied dreamily. "I'm just sorry that you didn't take a minute longer down there. I almost came."
Don and Bill laughed and they both helped me to stand up.
"Oh MY!" I said and reached down to my cunt. "These are heavy. I thought the old ones would drive me crazy with their bouncing and tugging. I'll be able to cum just walking down the street with these."
The new gold nipple rings did look great against my creamy skin and dark nipples. I took a few brisk steps and tested the sensations caused by the bigger, heavier rings. "Oooh!" I squealed holding my palms against my nipples. They're much heavier and they tug and bounce much more. I love them. Thank you Don. Thank you Master."
Bill only winced a little bit when he saw the bill, but he just shrugged and paid it. We thanked Don again and I slipped into my clothes again before we left. Back in the car , Bill drove us to an adult toy and clothing store near the edge of the city. When we got there it was dark outside and it looked like the only person in the store was the woman clerk who Bill said he knew. He told me to take my clothes off and follow me in. Without a blink I removed my two pieces and got out of the car. I followed him across the sidewalk and into the store without a glance at the cars that went past.
"Well hello," the clerk greeted us, giving me a speculative once over. "What can I help you find tonight?"
"What I have in mind," Bill said, "Is something white, very light material -- almost transparent, clingy but not too tight, soft, maybe a big slit up the side, something really hot," and all three of us burst out laughing.
"Let's have a look back here," the clerk said. "I think we might have something like what you're describing. I'll warn you though this is the high end section of the store."
She led us back into a corner isle and started leafing through the rack. "No. No. No. Ah, take a look at this!" she said and pulled out a three-piece white outfit. It was a skirt and tank top with a matching lightweight jacket. I felt the material and even though it was thin like nylon, it was soft and shimmery. The clerk held it up to a light and I saw that I could see right though it.
"I think you'd better try that on," he said to me.
I stroked the material and said, "It's beautiful!"
"Then it's a perfect match for you," he said and the look he gave me told me that he meant every word, "Try it on."
The clerk unhooked the skirt from the hanger and handed it to me. I gently stepped into it and pulled it up my curvy thighs. The skirt clung to my thighs like a second skin, yet it wasn't too tight. There wasn't a slit in the side, but there was one that came up the front of my left thigh higher than my pussy. In the bright store lighting, the crack of my ass was easily visible through the material and my honey colored pubic Mohawk stood out plainly. I grinned at the look on Bill's face and reached for the tube top. A lot of tub tops don't work for women with large breasts like mine. This one followed every contour of my chest and breasts without mashing anything, yet still looked secure enough that it wasn't in danger of falling down. My breasts were almost unrestrained and they wobbled and swayed very naturally as I moved. Again the material was thin enough that my dark nipples and even the gold color of their rings was easily seen. I then put on the light jacket. It as meant to be worn with the outfit on cool evenings, and as such didn't even have any buttons and didn't meet in the front anyway. It was just to designed to keep the wearer's shoulders warm walking from the car. I looked at my reflection in the mirror. I looked stunning!
Again Bill winced when he paid for the outfit and as we left the store I wondered what he'd spent on me already today.
"Where to now, Master," I asked as we got into the car. "I'm feeling extremely wicked in this outfit. Please take me somewhere where people can see me. I'm feeling like such a slut in this outfit and I want to see men staring at me."
"You're reading my mind," he said. "I was going to take you back to the dance club we were at two months ago."
"Oh no!" I said in mock dismay. "You're likely going to give me to a table of guys again and let them dance me every dance all night."
"Again, you're reading my mind you horny mink!"
Bill and I beamed at each other and he started the car. As he drove he looked over at me again. I could feel that I was flushed and when I looked down at my nipples, I saw that they were standing up at full staff, pushing the thin material out like two thumbs! Wow! Was I ever going to put on a show tonight!
Ten minutes later we were at the hotel with the club. I walked in on Bill's arm and I could actually hear the conversation drop off as we walked across the room. Men were openly gawking at me, and I felt like a goddess!. When I walked under a bright light, I knew my white outfit became almost translucent and men didn't know whether to look at my nipples or my pubic hair as both were proudly displayed. Since the night was still young, the music wasn't playing yet. We found a table for on the edge of the dance floor and sat down to have a couple of drinks. We sat and talked for over an hour before the room filled up enough for the lights to dim and the pounding dance music to start.
"The last time we brought you here you needed six ounces of vodka up your butt to give you courage. Are you going to be OK?" Bill asked.
"Master, I'm a different woman than I was two months ago. I'm not at all shy now. I love men looking at me like they want to throw me on the floor and fuck me. The lust in their eyes makes me feel just wonderful. Thank you, Master, for teaching me this." I put my hand on his arm and quietly said, "I love you, Master."
I thought that this might lead to an awkward silence, but he immediately smiled back at me and said, "Tami, I love you too." He put his hand on mine and gave it a squeeze.
Now this really got me all warm and fuzzy inside. I looked up at him with all of the love I could muster and said, "Remember that I'll do whatever you want me to do. Just tell me."
"Well, now that it's warming up in here and the music's playing, why don't you take off that little jacket and we'll do some dancing."
I smiled, lithely stood up, and slipped the jacket off. My breasts were proudly on display as we stepped onto the floor. I began to wriggle and gyrate to the music in the most seductive way I could. I would often hold my arms up over my head so that my now full growth of honey colored underarm hair was proudly displayed. I noticed a few people watching me. I'm sure that it was plain to them that I didn't have a stitch on under my skirt and top and I displayed my body proudly for all to watch.
After three songs we retired to our table to quench our thirsts with fresh drinks. While we were resting, Bill looked around at the crowd, I think mainly to see who was looking at me. He noticed two tables away that a group had arrived while we were dancing. They had put a big stand-up card on the table that said "Happy 18th". I looked at the eight of them and figured that the guy on the end was the birthday boy and his seven friends were taking him out on his first night of legal drinking. None of them looked older than eighteen years old so they must be classmates.
We drank our drinks and Bill led me out onto the floor again we danced around the floor. He leaned in close and said, "Put on a bit of a show for this table behind you. If my plan works out you might get lucky!" and winked at me.
I felt a bolt of excitement shoot through me when what he said got through to me. I slowly turned to see who he was talking about. It was the 18th birthday party! My daughter was just eighteen! I turned back and said, "But they're just kids!"
"Old enough to drive, drink, and fight wars. I'd say that makes them old enough to fuck you. I want you to seduce the whole table, sex toy."
I couldn't believe what he wanted me to do. All I could think about was the young boys who I'd met at my daughter's school. They were all elbows, knees, and pimples. I couldn't imagine having one of them inside me. Fucking me! I looked up at him and saw that look in his eyes. He wanted me to do this! He wanted to make me have sex with this bunch of kids! He was going to enjoy watching me with them. I would do anything to please this man, and the more that I thought about what was going to happen to me, the hornier I got. Finally I grinned at him and replied, "Yes Master. Your command is my wish."
We did another song in front of them and when I glanced their way I saw eight sets of eyes glued to my body. I definitely had their attention.
When that song ended and the next one started Bill turned to the birthday boy and said, "I can't take another right now. Would you please dance with my lady while I take a breather?" Before he could say no, I smiled broadly at him and pulled him to his feet. Bill walked over to our table to enjoy the show. I was having a blast. My hips and tits were swaying to the music and the young man with me couldn't take his eyes off of me. His looks of pure, undisguised lust for me nearly made me cum right there on the dance floor! I looked at the other seven and they were hooting and clapping us on. After two dances I led him back to the table and surprised the guy on his right by pulling him up on the floor. After that it was a game or contest for them. They were keeping a scorecard of the number of dances that each of them had with me. Just to make it more interesting, I started 'accidentally' bumping into each of them. I'd rub a breast against their arms and press my pussy against their thighs. The poor kids were soon trying to hide their swollen cocks, some of which were very impressive looking!
I was working up quite a sweat from all of my exertions. I noticed that the white material became almost transparent when it got wet, and most of it was now wet. I might as well have taken my top off for the amount that it was hiding. My large dark nipples and big new rings were catching everyone's eyes. The sweat from my back and chest ran down into the skirt, and when it got wet it looked like I was nude. My honey colored pubic hair now looked very dark and there was absolutely no mistaking what it was. I didn't care! I was amazed by just how much I wanted these men! They were men! If they could join the forces and go to war, they were men! I wanted to feel them deep inside of me! I hoped that before we got arrested that Bill would move the evening along. As if he were reading my mind, he went over and sat in the chair of the guy who was dancing with me at that time. I could see them huddled and talking for a minute, and then there were some incredulous looks from them as they all turned and looked at me. I beamed a big smile back at them and threw them a sexy shimmy and wriggle. There were big grins all around and Bill waved me and the last guy over to the table.
"Tami, wait with these guys while I go and get a room booked," he told me.
I looked at the young, very young, men at the table and grinned. "Let me get my jacket and I'll be right back."
"I'll get it," one of them said and knocked his chair over as he scrambled to get my jacket from our table. He wasn't thinking with only his cock because he also brought back my chair and even held it for me while I sat down. This was the last that I saw of Bill for several minutes. I already knew all their names and I was running out of things to talk about when Bill finally walked back into the bar carrying his duffle bag full of toys and other supplies.
"Tami, gentlemen, if you would follow me I'll take you to your private room now," I said, trying to sound like an English butler.
They all laughed and stood to follow. I stepped in behind him and the gaggle of young men followed me. As we walked through the room, I continued to get lots of stares, and I loved it.
One woman at a table we walked passed said quite loudly, "Slut!"
I looked at her and smiled broadly, "You don't know the half of it," I said calmly and walked on.
We all crammed into one elevator and I enjoyed the smell of the nine somewhat sweaty men all around me. We got out on the third floor and Bill opened the room. We all piled into it and found seats on ether one of the beds or a small couch. Bill opened the window to a warm breeze and found that you could plainly hear the music from the club.
"Tami, dance for us please. And I think while you're at it you should lose those clothes because I think you've gotten them all sweaty," Bill said.
I didn't need any more prompting. I went to the middle of the room and started swaying and bouncing to the beat. As I did I worked my wet top up over my head and I gloried in the looks from these young men as my tits fell free at last. The guys just sat in stunned awe at what they were seeing. Wow did I get a rush! I was stripping for men who were only half my age and they were just about dragging their tongues on the floor! I locked my arms over my head and waggled my breasts at them as I walked around the room giving each of them a good close look at her breasts and her hairy pits. Then I very slowly and seductively slipped my wet skirt down over my rounded ass and thighs. I gave whoever was behind me the first look at my pussy as I grabbed onto my ankles and stayed bent over much longer than I needed to.
I kicked off my sandals and then continued to gyrate around the room completely naked. It was plain to see that there were some hard cocks straining to be released. I looked at Bill and arched my eyebrows in a silent question. He nodded my approval and I went to the birthday boy and pulled him to his feet. He was very shy and didn't know what he should or shouldn't do. I smiled winningly at him and took his two hands and placed them on my breasts. Holding his hands there I continued to dance for another minute. I slowly worked my way down to my knees and then reached for the birthday boy's belt buckle. He actually pulled away when I touched him, to my and Bill's surprise. I then remembered that there were only eighteen-year-old kids in men's bodies. We might have to take things a little slower.
"Tami," Bill said, "I want you to stand still in the middle of the room with your arms reaching straight up in the air. That's it. Spread you legs open. Good. Now close your eyes and don't move. Gentlemen, please feel free to check her out. You can look anywhere, touch anything, do what you like."
I stood as he had told me to in the middle of the room full of young men. It took about ten seconds for the first one to work up the courage, but he slowly stepped up and ran his hand down my sides, over my wide hips, and down the outside of my legs. His touch on my supercharged body caused me to quiver with excitement. This encouraged one of the others to stand behind me and feel my taught ass.
"MMMM. Nice." I encouraged them.
In seconds there were eight sets of hands roving all over my body. They felt and squeezed my breasts, explored my dripping pussy, stroked my anus, checked out my armpit hair because of the novelty of it. I was just about to explode with lust! Eager young hands and fingers were stroking and probing every inch of my body. Not just one set but eight. You women out there; if you've never experienced something like this -- don't wait. It is an absolutely fantastic experience. They had me moaning and humping my crotch into their hands in a couple of minutes. I was almost delirious with the need to feel their hard cocks up my cunt!
When they had all taken their turns everywhere on my body Bill said, "I think that Tami must be just about bursting right now. Tami, do you want to get laid by these guys?" he asked me.
"On no, Master," I replied with a heavy sigh. "I want them to fuck me unconscious. None of that gentle 'getting laid' business.
He pulled the covers from one of the beds and said, "You keep quiet and take what you get. Now lay down on that bed and we'll see who's going to go first." I did as I was told and Bill turned to the young men and asked, "Who will it be guys? The birthday boy?"
"Yeah. Go for it Chuck," someone said, "We're not going to tell. Who'd believe us anyway?"
Chuck blushed, but he quickly pulled his shirt over his head and then dropped his pants and shorts revealing a surprisingly large cock that was standing at full attention. I looked at it and realized that my mouth was open and I was panting with anticipation. I could feel my wet pussy lips slipping passed each other when I moved my hips forward towards the end of the bed. Bill handed him a condom and he fumbled around a bit but got it rolled on.
I sat up and held my hand up to him. When he took it I pulled him down on top of me on the bed. I smiled up at him and gently kissed him on the forehead, nose, both cheeks, and then on his lips. He then eagerly kissed me back and we writhed around on the bed. I reached down and found his hard cock. He seemed unsure of what to do so I guided his cock to my wet pussy. Chuck just watched in amazement as his organ touched my wet pink opening. I then gently pulled him down onto me again and I sighed contentedly as I felt every inch of his long, hard cock slide up into my warm, wet tunnel.
"Ummm Chuck. Your cock feels wonderful in my body." I wrapped my legs around his waist and whispered in his ear, "Please fuck me with your cock, Chuck. Fuck me as hard as you like."
Chuck didn't need any more urging. Unsteadily at first and then harder and faster he pushed his cock into me. I moaned like the wanton woman that I am and I played with my new nipple rings while Chuck looked down and watched me. Being an excited young guy, it only took Chuck a minute to climax. He groaned either apologetically or disappointedly and then pulled out of me. I hadn't cum yet, but I stroked his face and whispered, "Again later." He nodded and grinned as he stood up and stepped aside. Behind him though were two other hard cocks just raring to go. In ten seconds I had another cock pushed up inside of me and I was loving it. The second guy definitely knew what he was doing, and he slammed into me for all he was worth. I'd worried that my new larger labia rings might get in the way, but they were no trouble at all and only added to the pleasure that I was getting from the very energetic fucking that I was receiving. The second guy was replaced by the third and then the fourth. I was really putting on a show under them. I screamed and moaned as they fucked me and wow did I cum! After a month of waiting since I'd last seen Bill, I was ready to explode! I howled and bucked like a madwoman as I came five times while the eight of them were going at me. When they were all done, I lay on the bed with my legs and pussy wide open, panting and covered in sweat.
One of the great things about eighteen year olds is their amazing recovery time. Young Chuck and his buddy who had been the first to fuck me were sporting hard cocks again. Bill handed them fresh condoms and they grinned and dove in for seconds. I squealed with delight and vigorously humped back at them as they pounded my cunt. The second time around they both lasted much longer. Taking about five minutes each to cum. I arched my back and pushed my gushing cunt up towards them! I started cuming and cuming and cuming like I'd never done before in my life. Bill told me later that all of them were watching me in amazement as they took turns pounding into my wanton hole while I screamed and moaned and thrashed on the bed. I was getting weaker and could hardly respond when someone else mounted me and another hard cock was pushed up inside of me. I tried weakly to respond but after forty solid minutes of fucking I could only lay there. From time to time I felt my body quiver as tiny orgasms coursed through me from my cunt. By the time everyone had done me twice, I'll saw though half closed eyes that Chuck's buddy was rolling on another condom for his third go. All I could do was smile when he forced his way into my cunt. He grinned down at me and plowed into my sloppy cunt like a madman. I whimpered from time to time and slowly rocked my head back and forth. When he finally came again, there were two more hard cocks waiting. After this, things got a little fuzzy for me. I'm not sure if I really passed out, of if I just dreamed that I did. The two hard guys had their way with me, but I really don't remember anything! When they were done I couldn't move! I just lay there in a dreamy fog, wondering what I must look like with my legs and cunt spread wide open for all to see, but I didn't have an ounce of energy left to try to close them. Bill told me later that the eight of them had fucked me for two hours without a break for me. No wonder I couldn't move! I'll never think of an eighteen year old as a kid again!
"Gentlemen, I believe that you have granted Tami her wish. She wanted to be fucked unconscious, and it looks like you've accomplished that. Would any of you like to examine her more closely now that she's completely helpless? Take a good look at her new rings. I don't ever let her wear underwear when she's with me, and they tug and pull on her cunt and tits. See," Bill said tugging on one of my labia rings. I didn't react at all. Soon I could hear and feel them as Bill allowed them all to look up inside my cunt and examine my labia and nipple rings up close. He pulled open my labia and showed them my clit so that they could find it on other women. I didn't mind this bit of education that he was doing with my body since many women would likely benefit from their better knowledge and understanding of the female body.
Shortly after this he suggested that the party was over and they got dressed and filed out the door.
"Thanks guys," he said as they left.
"Thank you, thank you," they all responded.
Bill covered me up and kissed me tenderly on my parched lips. "I love you slave," he whispered.
"I love you Master," I replied with a hoarse croak. That was the last thing I remembered until morning.