Chapter 15 - Back to the Club
"It turned you on, didn't it? Go on and admit it."
They were back home when Jess slipped her arms around her husband's neck and asked him about watching the two young men, Jason and Liam, fuck her.
"Yes, it did, more than I would have ever imagined." He replied holding her tight against him, "It also made me insanely jealous."
"I know." She giggled sexily, "But I got the benefit, remember."
Tom lowered his lips to hers and they kissed. Gently at first then gradually the intensity increased as their tongues joined in and they began to lose themselves in the moment.
"Wait." Jessica pulled away from him, breathless.
"What for?" Her husband started to nuzzle her neck.
"Be serious for a moment Tom."
He stopped and looked at her with a puzzled expression, "What is it?"
She bit her lower lip hesitantly, "Do you... do you think I'm becoming a slut?"
"Honestly?"
Jessica nodded.
Tom took a deep breath not sure what response his answer would get him.
"Yes. Without a doubt. After watching you over the last week or so it's clear that you are a complete exhibitionist and a total slut."
"Wow! Don't pull any punches will you."
"You wanted me to be honest."
She thought about what he had said for a minute, "But you like it, don't you?"
He dragged her back against him, "I love it and I love you."
With her arms about his neck again, she gazed up into her husband's eyes, "Don't ever leave me."
"Never."
He kissed her once more, their mouths moulding together until they had to stop to breathe.
Staring at each other they both laughed, the tension over their recent sexual discoveries finally dissipating as they came to terms with what they both wanted from their marriage now.
With the discovery of the new evidence, they turned their attention back to the club and Frank Harwood. They needed more and they were both hopeful that the coming Friday night might provide them with it. Jess had fucked Jason to get the video and they both knew she would be required to spread her legs again, maybe more than once, if they were to achieve their objective.
The pair were both working the afternoon shift at the club on the Tuesday and, as always, they arrived early so that Jessica had plenty of time to get ready. The only difference this time was that they came in together now that their relationship was known.
Standing by her own husband Clarice grinned at them as they entered.
"About time you two came out of hiding."
Jessica blushed and, kissing Tom on the cheek, disappeared behind the curtain with the black stripper to get ready.
"Did you hear about Markov?" Clarice asked as they sat down.
"No. What about him?" Jess was suddenly nervous that he had come back.
"They found his body last night. He'd taken an overdose, apparently."
'Apparently.'
The word stuck in her mind. Was it an overdose or had her talking to Danny Brookes been a catalyst for the gang to remove him.
There was nothing she could do about it though and she put the matter out of her mind. How the gang disciplined its members wasn't her concern.
She was out by the bar shortly before the club opened, dressed in a lacey blue bra and thong with sheer black hold-up stockings completing her outfit. Her husband was by the entrance opening up while she was waiting at the bar chatting to the other girls, when their 63-year-old neighbour Rob Greenwood walked in.
Spotting him first and checking there was no one else around to see what he was doing; Tom grabbed his arm and guided him to the side.
"What the fuck are you doing here, Rob?"
"Me? I'm just a customer." His neighbour replied looking at him slightly confused, "More to the point is what the hell are you doing here in a security t-shirt?"
Swallowing nervously Tom looked around, quickly explaining that he was undercover at the club and, more embarrassingly, that Jessica was also there working as a stripper.
"You're shitting me?" The older man just stared at Tom, wide-eyed in amazement, "Your wife is here stripping? Fucking hell, you just made my year."
"Look Rob, just don't let on you know either of us. OK?" He demanded, "It's important you don't give either of us away."
"OK. But I might just have to get a lap dance off your wife." Rob grinned evilly, "I've always thought she had a fucking awesome body."
"Fine, if you must. Just remember you don't know either of us." He hissed in his ear, reminding him, before letting him go.
As quickly as possible Tom made his way back into the main room and headed across to his wife.
"You'll never guess who the fuck is here." He told her, looking around to see Rob staring across at them, "Bloody Rob from along the hallway."
Jess stared back at him, "You're joking. Sixty-year-old Rob. He visits strip clubs?"
"The same. He's over by the stage and he says he wants a lap dance later."
She glanced past him towards their neighbour and giggled.
"Well, that will be fun. I always thought he was a randy old sod the way he looks at me."
Shaking his head at her flippancy her husband moved off to make sure he was seen to be working. Keeping a careful eye on Rob he walked the room just as he was supposed to until the DJ announced to the audience that Sapphire would be the next to perform.
Swallowing hard Jessica slid off her stool and nervously stepped up onto the stage. This was the first time she had seen someone she knew in the club and it unnerved her slightly. The idea of showing her body off to someone like Rob, a neighbour, definitely excited her but it also scared her a little.
Back on the main floor Tom watched her, his attention flicking between his wife as she began to dance and back to Rob who had moved up to sit at the edge of the platform.
Starting off with a fairly energetic routine, Jess strutted around, swaying and gyrating as she moved to the heavy bass beat pumping out of the speakers. Making eye contact with all the customers seated at the edge of the stage as she danced, she worked her way around them until she came face to face with their neighbour Rob sitting there ogling her.
She teased, twirled and shook her hips, bending over to show her pert firm arse and barely covered pussy to the men watching, trying to put the fact that her neighbour was there out of her mind.
However, as much as she tried to ignore his presence, he kept reappearing in the corner of her eye and she wondered how often he visited Sin City and if he ever asked for a lap dance from any of the girls.
Her first song finishing and her second starting jerked her back to the moment. Quickly reaching up behind her back she unhooked her bra and, slipping the straps down her arms, she held the cups over her modest breasts teasing her audience.
Almost immediately someone at the front produced a £10 note and she moved to kneel in front of them, dropping her top to the floor and exposing her firm tits.
Topless she pushed her chest into the tipper's face, allowing his tongue to briefly tease across her nipples before she pulled back.
"Uh uh... naughty." Jess giggled and waggled her finger at him.
That got a laugh from the audience as she got to her feet and continued to erotically bump and grind around the stage.
Aware that Rob was sitting and staring up at her Jessica avoided looking in his direction knowing that she would soon be fully nude in front of her 63-year-old neighbour.
Another customer threw a £10 note on the floor and she again dropped down to kneel in front of him. Cupping her modest breasts Jess pushed them together and stared seductively into the tipper's eyes as she leant closer to him and pinched her own nipples.
From out of the corner of her eye Jessica could see Rob, his expression was a mixture of lust and disbelief as he stared at her.
Just as she got to her feet the second tune ended and Jessica hooked her fingers in the waistband of her panties, sliding them down her long legs and stepping out of them, leaving her in just her stockings and heels.
She was as good as naked now as she started to dance to the last song of her set. Twirling around she glanced down to see Rob holding out a twenty-pound note to her.
Biting her lower lip, she knew she had no choice so she took it, giving him a smile and, dropping onto her side, then lifting one leg up with her toes pointing towards the sky she opened her legs wide. Just a foot or so in front of him the pose proved, without any shadow of a doubt, that she was 100% female, her pink girly anatomy completely on display to his lust filled eyes.
Letting Rob take a very long lingering look before rolling away Jessica could feel herself getting wetter as she continued to show her pussy, dancing and posing for the audience, until her last song ended. With her spot finished she quickly collected her discarded clothes and disappeared backstage without looking back at her neighbour.
As his wife walked off, Tom noticed Rob glance across at him, giving him a lecherous wink and a broad smile.
Re-appearing from behind the curtain a few minutes later, with her bra and knickers on, Jess took her stool at the bar trying not to pay any attention to the older man sitting across by the stage. Keeping her eyes averted her heart was pounding against her chest as she wondered if the randy old sod would proposition her for a lap dance.
She could refuse of course but she knew that if he asked, she wouldn't.
Not forgetting his duties Tom wandered the floor, watching the dancers and the audience, particularly Rob, but much to his relief he gave no indication of knowing either him or his wife and he slowly began to feel a little calmer.
Jess did one lap dance while she was waiting and then did a second spot on stage before returning in a change of outfit. This time she was wearing red fishnet stockings with her red bra and panties when she took her place by the bar again.
She had just started to relax a little and had just picked up a drink before speaking to Clarice when Rob approached her.
Walking directly past Tom he winked at him and went straight up to Jessica.
"Can I have a private dance, Sapphire?" He interrupted her conversation with her friend.
Jess swallowed hard, trying not to appear flustered in front of Daryl's wife, and smiled.
"Sure hon." She slipped off her stool and took his arm to lead him to the VIP area.
Watching them walk away Tom gave them a moment before heading up to the security walkway around the area so he could observe from the shadows.
Jessica could feel her heart thudding against her rib cage as she guided Rob to one of the sofa's where he immediately turned her around and pulled her onto his lap. Not giving her a chance to start dancing as his hands moved to her thighs where he began to finger her smooth skin through the openings of the fishnet.
"Fuck you're even more gorgeous with your clothes off." He told her as his hands caressed her legs.
"Customers really aren't permitted to touch us like this, but as it's you Rob and I can feel you're already aroused I'll let you." She whispered in his ear as she twisted her body towards him.
Wriggling on his lap she remained there for a little longer and it was obvious how turned on he was, the sizeable bulge of his cock pressing against her through her skimpy panties as she ground herself against him.
Finally, she stopped what she was doing and pushed herself up off his lap to begin to dance properly in front of him.
Moving closer as she danced Jessica placed her hands on his shoulders and leant over to give him a look right down at her perky barely covered breasts. She then spun around and took a step away from him reaching up her back to unclasp her bra before she slipped if off and threw it onto the sofa alongside him.
"Fuck yes," Rob groaned, making her smile, as he watched her undress for him.
With her back still towards him she parted her long legs slightly and bent from the waist, letting her long blonde hair cascade towards the floor, her slit barely covered by the scanty material of her panties.
Looking back at Rob she smiled sexily.
He had been studying her rear and was gradually moving his gaze down her legs when he saw that she was looking at him, her big blue eyes staring right into his.
Jess winked and stood up, turning around to start dancing again, running her hands gently up and down her body, cupping her breasts and teasing her hard nipples.
Off to the side Tom was utterly mesmerised watching his wife torment their 63-year-old neighbour, hardly breathing as she gyrated erotically in front of a man several years older than her father.
She moved up closer to the sofa and lifted her right foot up, placing the stiletto heel of her shoe next to him, basically positioning the crotch of her panties about a foot from his face. Apart from her time with Frank in the VIP suite it was one of the sexiest things she had ever done.
Staring into the older man's eyes she cupped her breasts and began to move, gyrating her hips and working her panty clad pussy back and forth into Rob's face.
Then in one fluid motion she shifted from having her foot on the seat to straddling him, her knees either side of his thighs as she continued to move to the music. With her hands on the back of the couch over his shoulders Jess arched her spine and pushed her chest towards him, slowly getting closer.
"You can touch them if you want to." She whispered softly, urging him to fondle her bare tits.
"Fuck." He murmured; his eyes fixed on her chest as his hands slid up her body.
His rough palms covered her perky modest mounds and he began to knead them gently as she tipped her head back, letting her long blonde hair tumble down over her shoulders. His fingers quickly found her sensitive buds and started to tease them, rolling and pulling on them as she squirmed on his lap.
"Oh yes.... oh shit... yes." Her breathy gasps only served to inflame the older man's lust.
Without warning Jess pulled away off his lap and got back to her feet, her nipples hard and swollen as she started to dance in front of him yet again.
Spinning around so her back was towards him, she hooked her fingers in the waistband of her panties and, bending at the waist, she slid them all the way down her long legs and stepped out of them, moving her feet apart to present Rob with a glorious view of her bald pink slit.
She stayed there, bumping her hips, letting him take a long hard look at her pussy before standing up and twisting back to face him.
Lowering herself onto his lap Jessica sat astride him once more, brushing her breasts against his face and teasing her hard nipples along his lips. Barely rubbing her sex against the bulge in his pants she teased him unmercifully before moving away swiftly when he pushed his hips up towards her.
"Somebody's getting very hard." Jess giggled naughtily.
Flicking his tongue over her hard nubs Rob just groaned, grasping her hips and trying to pull her down onto him.
Eventually, after brushing her hair back and forth over his face Jessica stopped and whispered something in his ear, which made him smile.
Knowing her husband would be watching Jess glanced across towards him and then slowly started lowering herself down to begin, ever so gently, rubbing her pussy against Rob's crotch. The first time she eased her sex onto his bulge he twitched and pushed up to grind against her and she lifted her hips up to tease him again.
The next time she didn't pull away, he pushed up hard against her and they both let out a soft moan. That was when she stopped teasing him, and let him know that she was aroused.
"Oh, sweet Jesus.... Oh fuck!" She gasped, the sensations growing in her and taking control of her actions.
Rubbing her crotch against his sizeable bulge Jessica occasionally changed her moves to push her chest into his face but every time she did, he would move his hips up to try and stay in contact with her wet sex.
His hands were gripping her hips tightly now, pulling her down so that she began gyrating hard and fast against him, grinding her nether lips down against the lump in his trousers. Her labia parted around his bulge and she shuddered as the pressure started to build against her clitoris.
"OH MY GOD!" Rob began to moan, his hands sliding up to her tits and back down to her waist.
Caressing her body as she rubbed her cunt against him, he jerked momentarily and then suddenly let out a loud grunt as he came in his pants.
"Fuck... oh fuck."
Grinning Jess slowly eased herself up and kissed him on the cheek, thanking her neighbour for being so sexy before dismounting from his lap and slipping her underwear back on.
"I hope you enjoyed that, Rob." She giggled saucily, staring at the front of his trousers.
Tom started to walk away when a hand grabbed his t-shirt and he was pulled further into the shadows.
"What the..."
He barely had time to utter a word before a pair of arms encircled his neck and his mouth was pulled down to meet Tracy's, her tongue probing between his lips as she kissed him passionately.
"What are you doing Trace?" He pulled away and looked at her in disbelief.
"Giving you what your wife is giving to others." She looked him in the eye and then dropped to her knees, her fingers fumbling at his zipper.
"No... wait, you... can't..."
Tom tried to protest and stop her but his dick was still rock hard and he was so turned on that his need took over from his brain when her red lips encircled his cock.
"Gurkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk.... Gurmmmmmmmmmm.... Gluggggggggggg."
With one hand wrapped around his shaft, twisting and stroking it, her lips slid down and up on the first hard inches as she sucked on it noisily. His eyes closed and he grabbed at her head pulling her closer and forcing more of his throbbing prick into her warm, wet orifice, his mind filled with thoughts of his wife performing her lap dance for their neighbour.
"Oh fuck.... Tracy..." It was all he could do to groan softly as the pleasure grew rapidly, his balls aching to expel their load.
Looking up at him her lips curled into a satisfied smirk while her head bobbed rhythmically working her mouth onto his manhood, coating the hard meat with her spit.
Standing over her Tom could feel himself tensing, his apex approaching swiftly as Tracy's lips tightened around his shaft. Wrapping his fingers in her hair he gasped, his load starting to bubble up his erection.
"I'm... gonna.... cum."
Instead of pulling away she sealed her mouth around his rigid pole and waited.
"Nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!"
Tom's cock erupted, spurting thick globs of his seed into her throat.
"Urgggggggggg... Urkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"
Swallowing again and again she took every last drop of his man cream down her gullet and into her belly, licking the remnants of his eruption of the end of his dick before she tucked it back inside his jeans.
"Hmmmm.... That was yummy." Tracy stood up, licking her lips and grinning.
Totally speechless he looked back at her wondering how he was going to explain what had just happened to Jessica.
Leaning up she kissed him on the cheek and winked, "Next time I want everything gorgeous."
With that she turned and disappeared leaving Tom standing alone feeling somewhat bemused.
The rest of the afternoon was relatively uneventful compared to Jessica's lap dance for Rob and apart from the one customer Tom had to eject from the club very little else had happened.
It hadn't been a busy afternoon and it got even quieter after 3 o'clock as the majority of the customers slowly drifted away. Rob staying for a while, just to watch Jessica strip once more before he departed as well.
It had been around 3.30 and Jess was on stage doing her next striptease when one of the men around the front grabbed her, trying to pull her off the platform and on to his lap. Tom had got to him quickly enough but it was the first time anything like it had happened to her at the club and she was quite shaken up by it, finishing her routine early and going backstage.
With everything so quiet they got out of the club and were walking back to their car at just after 5 p.m.
"Rob didn't put you off then?" The question had been on his mind for a while.
Jessica shook her head flicking her blonde hair about her shoulders and smiled, "Far from it, I've always thought he was rather sexy for an older man."
Tom grinned, "So, you enjoyed the opportunity to give him a lap dance?"
"You did for sure. I could see you watching us." She giggled sexily and squeezed his arm.
"What can I say, you looked bloody sexy grinding on his lap." He told her honestly.
Jessica went quiet after that and they walked along in silence until they reached the car. Sliding into the passenger seat she put on her belt before turning to face her husband.
"And it turned you on, didn't it?"
He coloured and nodded.
She smirked at him knowingly, "Is that why you didn't stop Tracy?"
Tom stared at his wife open-mouthed, "You... you saw what... what happened?"
Now it was her turn to nod as she grinned at him, "Yes, I saw everything."
"And now?" He asked her hesitantly worried about her reaction.
"Are you going to fuck her?"
"Would it bother you if I did?" Tom answered her question with one of his own.
"Yes, but I could hardly complain after.... after what I've done."
Sitting next to Jess he paused and thought about what she had just said, about her, about Tracy and the whole situation they were in. Things were spiralling out of control and he was starting to wonder where they were going to finish up.
It had all started out as an undercover investigation but now, with them both becoming aroused by her stripping and then getting even more turned on by her fucking Markov and the others, it had become something far more personal.
"This isn't just about our enquiry now, it's about you and me as well, isn't it?"
"Yes." Tom admitted, his voice barely audible.
"Would you have liked to see me do more than just grind myself against Rob." She asked hesitantly, her voice little more than a whisper.
He stared at her for a moment before answering, "What are you suggesting Jess?"
She bit her bottom lip pensively, "Would you have liked to watch our neighbour fuck me?"
"You know I would. Watching you with another man is the most erotic thing I have ever seen in my life." He readily admitted his perversion.
Jessica looked at him thoughtfully, "We would be crossing a line though, Tom. All the other times I... I have done it have been to do with the investigation. This would be different.... It would be just for us."
He started the car and pulled out into the traffic giving himself time to consider what she had said.
"He's older than your father." He reminded her when he finally responded to what she was suggesting.
Jessica giggled, "What's that got to do with it. For an older man he's pretty sexy and he's got a big cock."
"So, you want him to fuck you?" His question was irrelevant, he knew what her answer would be.
"Yes, and I want you to watch him have me and then you can take me afterwards." She stated decisively, "And being much older than us I'm sure you won't see him as a threat to our marriage."
She knew what she said was true and with that the decision was made, now it was just a question of making it happen.
Chapter 16 - Neighbours
"Why don't you go and ask Rob if he'd like to come over later?" Jessica suggested when they arrived back at their front door.
"Are you sure? Shouldn't we talk about this?
She had obviously been considering it on the way home and had come up with a plan although Tom had no idea what it was.
"Why? We both want it to happen."
"What have you got in mind?" Her husband's suspicious nature came to the fore.
"Well." His wife bit her lip coyly, "I just thought you could maybe invite him over. Say something about wanting to make sure there was no embarrassment in the future after today at the club."
"Yeah, ok, so far so good." He said hesitantly as he waited for the rest of the plan.
"Then I can appear, maybe in just a t-shirt and my panties, then we get cosy on the sofa and see where it goes from there." Jess finished quietly.
Her husband frowned, "This could all go tits up you know. We should talk about it first. What if he's not up for being watched or he can't get it up or something."
"I don't think getting it up will be a problem after this afternoon." She giggled, "He seemed pretty hard then."
"And if he doesn't want to be watched?"
"We'll take care of that as and when it happens. For all we know he might be up for it. He certainly was at the club." Jessica bit her lip and proposed, hopefully.
It was an argument Tom knew he wasn't going to win, not that he really wanted too anyway. The thought of watching old Rob humping away between his wife's thighs later that night had had him erect in an instant.
A few moments later he was nervously standing outside Rob's door, his fist raised, still not quite sure exactly what he was going to say to him. Taking a deep breath, he rapped against the wood with his knuckles and stepped back, waiting.
"Oh, uh... hi Rob... err... How are you?" He managed to mumble almost incoherently when their neighbour eventually answered the door.
"Well, I was ok but if you've come to punch my lights out over that lap dance then maybe not." Rob looked more than a little worried as he stood and looked up at his well-built younger friend.
"Err... yeah, about that." Tom swallowed hard and decided to just go for it, "We thought.... well Jess and I that is.... we thought that maybe we... umm... we should clear the air. You know to avoid any embarrassment."
"I see. Well, I guess I can see your point. But I have to say your wife has nothing to be embarrassed about, she has a terrific body, especially without her clothes on." The older man smirked.
"Yeah, yeah, tell me about it." Tom gave a rueful smile and agreed with him.
"So, about this embarrassment?" The older man looked at him curiously.
"It's Jess's idea really, she was worried that bumping into you in the hallway in a few days' time, well it might feel a little awkward." He blustered now, trying to be nonchalant, "So, she thought if you came over later and we had a drink we could get it over and done with."
There was a silent pause.
"If you see what I mean?" Tom finished weakly, looking down at his shoes.
"Sure, I guess I could, what sort of time?"
The older man seemed to be a little off balance with the offer but agreed, albeit seemingly somewhat reluctantly,
"About 8 o'clock if that's ok?"
"Fine, I'll see you both at eight." Rob confirmed and they parted company.
Walking back into the flat Tom heard his wife call from the kitchen, "Is he coming?"
"I suggested about eight o'clock. So, we've time to have dinner and stuff." He slipped his arms around her waist, and informed Jess, as she stood at the counter preparing them something to eat.
Holding her close he pressed his rapidly hardening cock against her rear and began nuzzling into the back of her neck.
"To eat and shower maybe, not for what you have in mind." His wife giggled, "I'll be getting that later, hopefully."
It was just after six-thirty when they finished eating, leaving Jessica plenty of time to go upstairs to soak for a while. Tom taking the opportunity to have a shower himself and freshen up before their guest arrived.
He was in the living room, dressed and nervously waiting by 7.45, leaving Jessica to get ready and make a late appearance after Rob had turned up.
'What were they doing?'
'They should have talked it through before arranging anything.'
'Rob was a neighbour. What if things all went wrong?'
Various thoughts filled his head as he sat on the sofa wondering what had prompted his wife to make the suggestion. They had talked in general about how the things she had done for the investigation might affect their normal lives but to actually make the leap into it. It worried him.
A minute or two before eight the doorbell rang and he jumped up, hurrying to answer it, finding Rob, bottle of wine in hand, smiling in the hallway. Inviting him in Tom got them both a beer and poured a glass of wine for his wife before leading him through to the living room.
He deliberately dropped into the armchair leaving Rob to look about him before taking the sofa.
"She'll be out in a minute. You know what women are like."
Tom tried to sound casual despite the fact his stomach was in knots at what they were about to do.
Previously it had all been motivated by the investigation but this evening was different. It was unplanned and driven by their desires, not with any ulterior motive in mind.
The two men sat and chatted amiably for a few minutes before Jessica finally appeared.
She had dressed simply. A big baggy top that hung off of one shoulder, the neckline drooping down to almost expose her left breast. It was too short to be worn alone so the bottom of it didn't really cover the white lace panties she had on underneath.
"Wow! You look great." Rob stood up and admired Jessica as she walked in, her long legs completely on show for him.
"Hi Rob. Thanks for coming over." She greeted him casually, slipping onto the sofa next to him and picking up her glass.
Sitting with her legs tucked up under her, Jessica's top barely reached the bottom of her skimpy lace underwear and left her totally on show from the top of her thighs down while her sex was just about hidden beneath her tight little knickers.
Tom was dumbstruck at the blatant show his wife was putting on for their neighbour. Used to watching her stripping at the club this was totally different, it was almost as if she was flagrantly asking the older man to fuck her.
Rob seemed equally as lost for words as he stared lustfully at the occasional flashes of the brief white triangle between the tops of Jess's thighs.
"You really are one sexy woman." The sixty-three-year-old eventually managed to croak hoarsely, "That look is even more suggestive than your outfits at the club."
Jessica giggled and played with her hair, looking up at him from under her lowered lashes.
"I hope that I didn't cause any embarrassment for us all." She pouted as she asked him, glancing at her husband for him to comment.
"Not for me," Tom interjected, "I'm absolutely fine about Rob seeing you dancing at the club. You're a stripper after all."
"A bloody brilliant one if I may say so." Their neighbour added with a lustful grin.
"You liked my performance then?" Jess asked him, her voice husky with desire.
The older man beamed at her, "Like. It was fantastic. I've always thought you had a great body but to see you naked on stage. It made my year."
"And what about the lap dance I gave you? You did make a mess." She teased him about the fact he had cum in his pants.
"Oh yeah." Rob lowered his eyes and blushed crimson, "Sorry about that I got a bit over excited."
"I wonder why?" Tom murmured quietly so no one heard him.
Jess moved closer and put her hand on the top of Rob's leg, "Well that was my intention. I'll just have to be more careful not to get you over excited in future."
He laughed and put his hand on hers, "You've almost done it again anyway young lady."
"Only almost, Rob?" Jess purred sensually picking up her glass and taking another sip of her wine.
"Dressed like that. With almost everything showing, for sure." He groaned lustfully his eyes roaming over her body.
Jessica smiled and made some minor irrelevant adjustments to the top she had on.
"You could always take it off me if you wanted to Rob." Her red nailed fingers stroked along his thigh.
"Wha... what... do you... mean." He spluttered into his beer, staring at her.
"I mean that if you wanted to you could take me into the bedroom, undress me and fuck me." Jessica stated bluntly, "I wouldn't mind."
Rob seemed utterly perplexed and looked across at Tom for some sort of reassurance.
He grinned back at the older man, "You can fuck her if you want mate. It's ok with me."
"Are you joking?" He glanced between the two of them, "I'm 63 years old, why would a gorgeous 27-year-old want to have sex with me."
"Because I think you are very sexy for your age and, besides, I like mature men." Jess told him candidly.
"You're serious? You want me to fuck you?" He asked again.
"While my husband watches, yes." She told him frankly and stood up holding her hand out to him, "Take me to bed."
Rob stared at Tom again and then, with a look of disbelief on his face, got to his feet and, taking hold of Jess's hand, he led her out of the room.
Watching them Tom's mind flashed back to the Sunday night when Frank Harwood had taken Jessica to their bedroom and proceeded to fuck her in front of him.
Even as he stood up to follow them Tom's brain was screaming.
'This isn't part of the undercover investigation.'
'This is our lives and Rob is our neighbour.'
Letting the older man guide her into the bedroom Jessica followed demurely, unresisting when he pulled her into his arms and kissed her, his tongue freely exploring her mouth.
Wrapping her arms about his neck while he had one of his lightly groping her arse, she allowed his other hand to slide up under her top to fondle her breasts, rolling and teasing her sensitive nipples.
"Mmmmm Rob.... Oh yes... oh fuck.... ahhhhh!" Sighing into his mouth she surrendered her body completely, letting him do whatever he wanted to her.
Behind them Tom paused in the doorway, leaning against the frame, his cock already tenting his pants painfully as he stared fascinated by the scene being played out before him.
Jessica, however, was oblivious to anything other than Rob. Her eyes were closed, her breath was coming in short gasps and it was plain to both men that his fingers were arousing her by the way she squirmed with his touch.
Lifting her arms as Rob pushed up her top, she let him pull it off over her head, shaking her hair loose when he removed it completely to bare her perky little breasts.
"Fuck." He couldn't help but groan out loud as he lowered his mouth to her girls, "Just like I remember them."
Clamping his lips onto one of her swollen sensitive buds he made her gasp louder, her head tipping back so her long blonde hair tumbled down her spine.
"Oh, yes Rob, that feels so good."
As he suckled on her teats his hand slid between her thighs, stroking along the length of her pink slit, teasing her through the gusset of her little white panties. Holding onto him Jessica moaned softly, her knees almost buckling, when he pulled the damp material aside and slipped a finger into her wet hole.
Her red painted nails dug into his biceps while he devoured her nipples greedily and worked first one and then a second digit up inside her, forcing her up onto the balls of her feet.
"Fuck... Oh fuck yes.... yes.... you're gonna... make me cum!" Jess's eyes were shut as she groaned louder, her body trembling with the delightful sensations he was starting to create inside her.
Slowly he pushed his fingers a little deeper, pulling them back then forcing them in again, her labia clinging to his knuckles as he stretched her open. Going up on her toes, she shuddered and moaned as Rob's hand delved up inside her wet pussy while his thumb worked on her swollen clit.
"Fuck... fuck... oh fuck... Rob... I'm...." Burying her face in his neck Jess jerked, her legs spreading wider to allow his hand unobstructed access to her sex.
"Do it.... Cum on my hand, you little fucking slut." Rob whispered in her ear.
It was enough to send Jessica over the top.
"Aaaaahhhhh... fuck, fuck... I'm cuummminnngggggggggggg!" Her first climax rolled over her, her thighs clamping together trapping his hand against her vulva.
Shuddering to a stop, the last remnants of Jess's ultimate ecstasy fading, Rob eased his fingers out of her dripping slit allowing her to drop down onto her knees. She looked at her husband watching from the doorway and then up at Rob, still fully dressed standing in front of her.
Keeping her eyes on the older man's she fumbled his trousers open, tugging them down his thighs, along with his underwear, freeing an impressive looking cock into her hand.
"Oh shit, it's bigger than I thought." Jessica whispered to herself as she got her first look at his manhood, her fingers wrapping around its thick veined girth.
It was impressive, especially for a man of his age. Long and thick, its gnarled flesh, covered with pulsing blue blood vessels, looked extremely solid in her small hand.
Her tongue darted out tentatively, flicking the tip, teasing him while her blue eyes stay focused on his face.
"Suck it!" He commanded taking control.
"Muurrrrrmmmm.... Hhhuuuummmnnngg.... Guuurrrgggggggggg!" Jess lowered her head and submitted to him, taking his mushroom shaped cockhead into her mouth, her lips encircling the shaft several inches down from the crown.
"Oh, sweet Jesus, that feels fucking amazing!" Rob closed his eyes for a moment, groaning with pleasure as Jessica began to fellate him.
Tom's own dick was rock hard now, and he had to release it from his jeans, although he didn't dare stroke it, for fear he would cum to soon. Across the bedroom, hungrily bobbing her head, his wife slid her eager mouth up and down along Rob's prick, coating it with her saliva, as their neighbour gasped breathlessly and tried hard not to shoot his load down her throat.
"Stop, stop before you make me cum." The 63-year-old pulled his erection away from Jess's mouth, his chest heaving as he panted.
She giggled naughtily and moved onto the bed, laying back and looking seductively up at her neighbour. Rob glanced at Tom again, still a little unsure of what his reaction would be but he gave him a grin and mouthed that he should go ahead and enjoy himself.
Satisfied everything was alright and to go on, the older man reached for Jessica's knickers and eased them over her hips as she lifted her bum, drawing them down her legs before dropping them onto the floor. Now totally nude Jess opened her legs wide giving both men a glorious view of her very wet pink cleft.
"Fucking gorgeous." Rob murmured his eyes fixed on the moist treasure that awaited him between Jessica's splayed thighs.
Kneeling at her feet Rob ran his hands lightly up the inside of her legs, pressing them even wider apart while he gazed intently up at her slightly open sex. Gently kissing her soft flesh his hands stroked further upwards, eventually cupping her modest tits while he licked around her vulva, carefully managing to avoid touching her slit.
His fingers pinched and teased her rock-hard nipples as Jessica squirmed, her eyes closed and her breathing becoming increasingly ragged.
"Please, don't tease me. I... I need...." Jess didn't get to finish what she was saying.
While she was still in mid-sentence, Rob leaned forward and licked along her wet slit tracing his tongue from her dark puckered hole all the way to her clit.
"Oh fuck...yessssssssssssssssss!" She suddenly moaned out loud, her back arching off the bed.
Rob's tongue had found her clitoris and started to flick the swollen button as his hands slipped down her body, pushing up her thighs and holding her long legs wide open.
"Don't stop... oh god.... please.... please don't stop." Jessica gasped her head beginning to thrash from side to side whipping her hair across her face.
The older man continued to lavish attention upon her most sensitive parts, as he slipped two fingers up into her well-lubricated pussy making her buck against his hand while he wormed his digits deep into her cunt.
Jess knew immediately that she was about to cum again, the feeling of having his fingers penetrate her while he continued to tongue her clitoris was starting another orgasm within her.
"Oh fuck, fuck.... yes, yes."
Her fingers clutched tightly at the sheet, knuckles whitening, as she writhed in ecstasy, the fire he was stoking in her core suddenly exploding outward into an inferno that threatened to totally consume her.
"Oh fuck, fuck...I...I'm gonna fucking CUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMM!"
With an ear-piercing shriek Jessica came and came hard.
Euphoria flooded through her body as she locked her legs around Rob's shoulders to keep him in place as wave after wave of pleasure crashed through her slim form. She grabbed her tits and kneaded them to add to her enjoyment, moaning and squirming on the bed, as he continued to explore her depths with his tongue until, finally spent, she slumped back gasping.
Quickly shedding the rest of his dishevelled clothing, a naked Rob loomed over her, his hard angry shaft barely an inch from her glistening crevice.
"Are you sure about this? I'm just about old enough to be your grandfather."
Rob gave Jess one last chance to stop him.
She didn't even look at her husband for any sort of reassurance.
"Please, fuck me. I want you inside me." Jess reached to pull him towards her.
Pressing the head of his hard, blue veined prick between her outer lips he slowly drove it all the way up into her.
"Oh god. Yes, yes, please.... just fuck me.... make me cum." Jessica whimpered, her pussy stretching to accommodate his thick girth as he filled her.
Pushing all the way into her gaping pussy his weight came down on top of her. He could feel her tight walls grip him as he slid effortlessly in, then he pulled back until he was almost all of the way out of her before thrusting back in again.
Beneath him Jess raised her hips up to meet his first penetration, her body responding eagerly.
Watching his neighbor fucking his wife Tom lost track of how often or how long he moved in and out of her but he knew it was the most erotic scene he could imagine. There was no agenda, no ulterior motive, this was just pure sexual enjoyment and he wondered if this was how their life would be in the future.
Jessica wrapped her legs around Rob's as she moaned and writhed under him, her hips jerking up off the bed to meet every stroke of his manhood into her dripping slit. As she was being fucked, she rambled on almost incoherently while her lover continued to piston his hard length into her, her moans punctuated by the steady creaking of the bedsprings.
"Oh God that feels so good."
Squeak!
"Oh my God yes, like that, yes, yes... like that, oh God.... don't stop."
Squeak!
"Yes, yes do it just like that...oh fuck, oh God."
Squeak!
"Yes, oh yes.... that's it, oh God.... fuck me harder, make me cum."
Squeak!
His backside was rising and falling rapidly between her splayed thighs as he rammed into her, the sounds of his cock moving in and out of her soaking cunt mixing with the slap of flesh meeting flesh and the rhythmic creak of the bed.
She could feel another climax approaching and she reached up to grab his neck pulling herself to him as he grabbed her arse with both hands and began to pound into her even harder.
"Oh my God... oh God Rob... fuck me! Just fuck meeeeeeeeee" Jess screamed with delight, bucking against him as she raced towards her apex.
Unable to control her body she convulsed under him, her cunt clenching around his massive tool, sucking it deep into her pussy as a huge orgasm ripped through her.
"Fuck, fuck.... I... I'm... cumminggggggggggggggggggggggg!"
Thrusting hard into Jessica's pussy Rob grunted loudly and came with her, "Oh fuck Jess, I'm gonna cum in you!"
With his cock buried to the hilt inside her spasming fuck hole he ejaculated. His buttocks clenching again and again as his shaft throbbed and pulsed, pumping a seemingly endless amount of sperm into her belly.
Their mouths came together in a long lingering tongue probing kiss. Rob laying on top of Jessica's spread-eagled form with his softening cock slowly easing out of her cum filled slit.
Eventually he rolled off and Jess looked across at her husband, holding out her arms, inviting him to take his turn while Rob lay beside her.
Shedding his clothes, Tom mounted her quickly, his shaft sliding easily into her cum lubricated pussy.
"I love you." She whispered as he started to fuck her, driving his length hard into her saturated slit.
Still shaking from her last orgasm her husband's frenzied pounding quickly sent her over the edge again as, bucking wildly under him, she experienced yet another climax.
"Shit... oh shit, fuck.... fuck.... I'm gonna.... Cuuummmmmmmm!" Her screams echoed around the bedroom as she came again, her arms wrapping around his neck while her body undulated against his.
"Oh God Jess... I... I... love.... you... I... aaaahhhh!" Tom couldn't hold back and erupted inside his wife, flooding her womb with another copious load of man juice.
As soon as her husband dismounted Jessica jumped up from the bed her hand shoved between her thighs to catch the sperm that was pouring out of her gaping hole.
"That was fucking amazing." Rob laid back on the bed, "I really have to thank you for letting me have your missus."
"You're welcome, mate." Was all Tom could think to say by way of a reply.
Jess finally re-appeared from the bathroom and looked at the two of them reclining on the bed.
"Would you mind if I slept with Rob tonight?" She bit her bottom lip and asked her husband coyly.
"I'm not going to be of any use to you tonight, Jess." Rob interrupted, "At my age I need plenty of time to recover."
She giggled, "I just wanted to sleep with you if you're ok with that."
"Who knows maybe in the morning?" She added with a wink.
The older man grinned, "Well if your husband doesn't mind, I think I might be able to oblige you then."
Pushing himself up off the bed Tom kissed her, "I love you."
"I love you to." She replied sliding into bed next to Rob.
"Have fun you two." He turned to his friend and grinned.
With that he got himself a blanket from the cupboard and headed for the sofa.
Squeak!
Squeak!
Squeak!
Daylight was streaming in through the window when the familiar sound of the bed creaking woke him. Still slightly muddled he pushed himself up off the sofa and stumbled to the open bedroom door.
Squeak!
Squeak!
Squeak!
Jessica was sitting astride Rob, his cock obviously buried to the hilt in her pussy, her tits jiggling as she rode him enthusiastically.
As Tom stood watching her pump herself onto their neighbour's organ, she turned towards him.
"Uhm... Hi... aahhhhh... fuck... baby... yesssss!" Jess just about managed a good morning between her gasps and sighs.
Rob's hands were all over her, on her tits, squeezing the small mounds and pinching her sensitive nipples then dropping to her waist to move her up and down on his cock.
Tom's own dick was as hard as a rock in a second at the erotic vision in front of him.
"Oh my God... it's so big... so deep.... Aaaahhhhhhhhhh!"
Throwing her head back Jessica ground her sex onto the older man's prick until her clit was rubbing against the base of his shaft.
"Oh shit, shit... oh God I'm... I'm cuummmmiiinngggggggggg!" She squealed, spasming uncontrollably as she came, her whole body tensing and then bucking wildly.
Waiting until Jess's convulsions had subsided Rob rolled her off him and, with a little assistance from her, put her onto her hands and knees.
Lining his glistening rod up with her cunt he slid it back in, making her groan out loud as she was filled by him yet again.
"Fuck... oh fuck.... aaahhhhhhhhh yes!" Pushing back, she took his full length in her oozing quim.
Jessica's puffy labia wrapped around his girth as it slid into her well used slit, the plump lips cushioning his strokes and making the process of fucking her even more pleasurable for him.
Tom stood almost hypnotised watching as Rob fucked his wife. Grasping her hips, he started thrusting in to her firmly then, grabbing a fistful of her blonde hair, he yanked her head back and started to really piston his shaft into Jessica's gushing cunt, his hips slapping against her arse loudly.
"Unhhh... aaahhh... fuck oh fuck... I'm gonna...!" She cried out her modest tits bouncing under her as she took every inch of his throbbing member in her slick wet pussy.
"Oh, shit.... I'm gonna cum in you!" Rob grunted and rammed his cock up into her cunt one final time, burying it to the root.
"Yes, oh yes... cum in me, make me CUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMM!"
Jess went over the top, cumming again as Rob's arse tightened and he joined her, pumping his man cream into her compliant form.
Seeing them cum together Tom turned away from their coupling, his stomach knotted and a welter of emotions raging inside him as he made his way to the kitchen to make a coffee.
'Why had she slept with Rob?'
'She had clearly wanted the older man to fuck her again in the morning.'
'Where were their lives going now?'
He was dwelling on the numerous questions that filled his mind when a few minutes later he felt Jessica press against his back, her hand reaching around him to stroke his still semi-erect prick through his boxer shorts.
"I want my husband in me now." She whispered huskily in his ear.
That was all it took for him to forget his concerns and for his cock to harden.
He turned to face her, backing her against the table as her legs opened to expose her gaping cunt still leaking Rob's sperm.
Looking into his eyes she dragged his underwear down and simply uttered two words.
"Fuck me!"
Tom slid in easily, her slick cum filled hole accepting his hard length in a single thrust.
"Oh, fuck Tom, fuck me... please... I love you.... please fuck me!" His wife gasped as she clung to him.
He took her hard and fast, the table rocking as he ferociously slammed his prick into her compliant body. Her legs wrapping around him while a frothy mix of her juices and Rob's semen oozed out around the base of his shaft with every stroke of his hard pole into her.
"Yes, yes...oh yes, I'm... gonna... cuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"
She screamed as her body stiffened, jerking violently when her orgasm hit her.
"Oh, fuck Jess." He grunted and started to ejaculate into her, her cunt clenching around his throbbing meat and milking every last drop of his seed from him.
Breathless they held each other tightly, his dick still inside her, still twitching.
"I really do love you." Jessica looked into his eyes as she spoke.
Tom kissed her, "I love you to."
"Should we take a coffee in to Rob?" She giggled.