This chapter finishes the honeymoon and begins to get serious. Some chapters (like this one) will be more story based and others more sexual in nature. I hope you enjoy both aspects. Feedback and constructive comments desired.
Geran and Nicole – Chapter 3 – Honeymoon pt 2
Nicole's Story:
I had been thinking about the fights since the last time. Eventually I told him I wanted to do some no-rules fighting later. He gave me some info and I asked a ton of questions. Part way through our discussion he placed his hand on my bare thigh and slowly rubbed it. I figured he wasn't doing any harm and decided not to piss him off so I let him fondle my leg. Stupid decision. He was rubbing subtle poisons and sedatives into my skin.
After dinner Mist led us downstairs to the private club. I was to do a three round match. Geran was led to a special VIP seating and I was led to a locker room to get undressed and get ready. I was excited to be in a no holds barred fight. Being nude while doing it was icing on the cake. Since losing my virginity I was becoming a real exhibitionist and on my way to a full-fledged nymphomaniac. I wanted Geran almost constantly.
I entered the ring and sized up my opponent. She was fairly attractive and about four inches taller than me. The bell rang and the match started. I was a little disappointed as I beat her extremely quickly with a flurry of punches and kicks.
The second girl was much beefier and took me a round and a half to beat her. I had a big drink of water and used a towel to wipe some of the sweat from my chest and belly. I waved at Geran. My third opponent came into the ring. She was about 5'10" and looked very strong. This match should be more challenging to gain my third knock out.
We did the hand shake and went back to our corners to wait for the bell. While we were doing that a cage was lowered onto the ring. No one said anything about a cage match. The ref was outside the ring and announced to the crowd this was a death match which got the crowd roaring. Well, I suppose I could handle that. This doofy bitch wasn't going to beat me.
Geran and I were both active during the fight so I have to tell the rest of the story from our memories and from watching the videos taken of the fight.
Geran had noticed in the second fight my reflexes were a bit slower and got extremely concerned when the cage came down. My opponent came running at me in the ring and she and I exchanged several punches. She got the better of me and grabbed my ponytail and threw me into the cage. I bounced off of the grill like a wet rag. My vision was getting a little blurry and I was getting dizzy.
She grabbed my throat and crotch and lifted me over her head before slamming me face first into the mat. She held my body in place with my face and upper chest pressed into the mat and her arm over my thighs bending my body over my head nearly breaking my back. I later learned the move was called a leg hook camel clutch. Yippee. I was kept that way while she would put more pressure on my thighs causing my spine to creak at the snapping point. After a minute or two of that she began punching me as hard as she could in my stretched belly. I wanted to double over but couldn't break her hold.
Geran was locked in the VIP room and was trying to bash down the door when gas began seeping into the room. He let loose with a massive blast of power sending glass and steel flying everywhere.
I was crying and in so much pain I couldn't think straight. She pushed down hard on my thighs and I heard my back bones crack. I felt her rough fingers grab my nipple and squeeze. I was trying to scream but couldn't get any air. She gave one last squeeze and literally crushed my nipple. I felt blood squirt out of it and almost lost consciousness. I felt another hard punch to my gut and then she and I went tumbling as Geran smashed into her.
He kicked her throat hard enough to drop her but not hard enough to kill. While she was gasping for air he pinched and crushed her clitoris like she did to my nipple. His face had an evil cruel smile as he got ready to really begin tearing into her.
"STOP!!!" Papa Mist had appeared in the ring. Geran turned towards him and started walking towards him. "Stop child! You don't know whom you're messing with!"
Geran's evil smile grew. "I'm dealing with a dead man who caused my wife to be hurt in a rigged match. You are a shaman / witchdoctor with some exceptional spell casting abilities. I am Conquest!"
Geran was now face to face with Mist. He reached out and placed his hands on either side of Mist's head and slammed another power blast through his skull. He then gently picked me up and teleported us back to the hotel.
We spent the next thirty six hours in the hotel where he doted over me constantly. It was almost embarrassing how he took care of me.
He did leave once to go raid Mist's office. He came back with three mystic tomes he said were pretty important and powerful. He could only read parts of them and I figured he'd be busy translating when he had time.
He showed them to me. "This one is called the Book of Eibon. It's supposed to have a lot of useful stuff in it. This next one is a book on Demonology and Angelical Orders. I have no idea what this third book is but if you put your hand on it you can feel the power coming from it."
I placed my hand on the cover. "I don't feel anything. They really stink though. Can you wrap them in something?"
"Yeah. They almost smell like rotted flesh. I'll call our driver to go buy some waterproof aluminum cases. Maybe some plastic wrap, too. Remind me to tip him extra well when we leave. How's your belly doing?"
I flexed it. "It barely hurts anymore. You should let me out of bed." I told him knowing the answer.
"Not until tomorrow morning."
"Well, then get in beside me and hold me while your fragile little sister recuperates." I pulled back the sheet for him giving him a good look at my naked body. He got undressed and slid in beside me kissing my ear and gripping one of my breasts. "Don't start something you can't finish BIG brother."
We had already found out both of us had more erogenous zones than humans. Our ears were very sensitive. Mine more than his. He had made me cum before by tonguing my ear.
"Nicole, you may be little but you're the perfect size for me. And I love how your nipples are nearly always erect."
We rolled onto our sides and spooned fitting my 5 foot frame tightly against his six foot plus body. He wrapped his arms around me and held me tightly. I felt him fall asleep and probed his mind a little to get him erect and keep him asleep. I got both his dicks inside me and then made the heads bigger and put a mental lock on everything so he would stay in me while we slept. I left our minds lightly touching and drifted off as well.
The next morning we woke up at the same time and he was still inside me. It felt wonderful. Apparently he thought so as well because within a few minutes I was under him with my ass in the air while he fucked me roughly. I have to confess, I liked anal and I liked having two cocks in e even more.
After he came inside me we cuddled for a few minutes and then he pulled out of me. It literally felt like a vital part of my body and soul was missing when he did that. I'm not certain if it was my succubus nature coming to the surface but I was becoming absolutely addicted to sex.
We showered, had breakfast and Geran packed a small bag with some extra clothes. "We're going into the hills today to practice fighting with our new abilities. I have a feeling we're going to need them." He looked a little grim.
Undisclosed Location:
"What is that bitch trying to do?" the first member hissed.
"She's obviously trying to control the game. Like always. She managed to get her two brats to break the first two seals just by fucking. Horsemen never have sex with each other. They never breed. These two could breed and who knows what their offspring would be." This came from a hovering pool of shadows.
The third entity looked angry. "The easiest way to thwart her is to murder one of her offspring. There ARE ways to kill even a Horseman albeit very difficult. They are much more vulnerable than she will ever be."
The other two agreed.
The shadows commented, "You never know. She may have them out there as bait. Only she is clever and insane enough to use something as powerful as a Horseman as a lure to get to us. Or others. There are many more powers besides ourselves preparing to eliminate them. Perhaps we should lend some skill, knowledge, and leverage to some of them and see how she reacts prior to our engagement."
There were murmurs of consent and the three began discussing prospects.
Geran's Story:
I was concerned. I knew Mom was keeping a lot of information from us. Information that might be crucial to our survival. I could see Heaven, Hell, and everything in between rising up against us to prevent the Apocalypse. We needed to know how much influence we had in shaping the Apocalypse. Could we make a few selective changes and be done with it? Or would we end up pushing the world towards Armageddon just to eliminate our enemies and get the job done? Papa Mist was just the first move in this game.
It was extremely difficult to concentrate on our official duties however. Seriously, how can anyone concentrate with an incredibly gorgeous female offering her body to you at all times? The pheromones she gave off were enough to keep me in a perpetual state of arousal. Add to that my incubus blood and it was an absolute miracle we had enough will power to stop fucking for even a minute.
We were in our limo heading for a deserted area to practice our new demonic fighting skills. I was very curious about the angelic ones but Mom had locked those off and I hadn't figured out how to get around her barriers in my mind.
Nicole was looking out the window and I was gazing lustfully and lovingly at her. She was wearing a sports bra and tight spandex shorts. Her skin was deeply tanned and flawless. She was incredibly toned but not ripped or bulked. Those luscious dark nipples were poking through her top, erect as always. Her magnificent boobs were held in place by her top. They were C cups just barely below a D cup and perfect. Those long legs that were incredibly shapely and strong. I could still feel them wrapped around me. I couldn't see her ass but it was tight and yummy. Her long, dark, thick hair was in a high bouncy ponytail. She looked over at me and smiled knowing I was nearly drooling.
"See something you like?" she asked coyly.
"You are the most beautiful woman ever." I whispered.
She actually blushed. "How much longer until we get wherever we're going?"
I checked the GPS. "Only about ten more minutes."
"That's plenty of time!" She lunged across the seat and yanked my shorts down. Her mouth swallowed my larger cock and her hands were stroking the other one. I knew she was trying to make me cum before we got there so I relaxed and watched her perform erotically. She made me cum, swallowed it all, and had my pants back in place just as we pulled into an open field. She gave me a deep kiss and swirled some leftover semen into my mouth. I could care less about the Apocalypse. I just wanted to be with her every second.
We reluctantly separated and got out of the car. The one ability that kept flashing in our minds was creating sword like objects from our blood. A quick nip on our wrists and we grew the blood blades. We were surprisingly good at using them although Nicole was a little better than I was. We practiced until lunch.
"Let's take a break and eat. I'm getting hungry." I told her.
"Shit yeah! I'm famished!"
Jerome had laid out a large blanket and picnic for us. We asked him to join us and after some arguing he finally agreed.
Nicole began peppering him with questions. "Did you have special training to be a bodyguard?"
"Yes. I trained with several mercenary groups in Africa. I protected several families over there before coming here to protect the people who could really pay for my services. I suppose I've become more mercenary than bodyguard now." He had a very deep rumbly voice.
"Kill anyone?"
"In Africa, yes. I haven't had to even hurt anyone here."
"What kind of weapons are you carrying?" Nicole was being relentless. I did notice she was using the interrogation as an excuse to stare at his physique. He was very ripped and his bicep was about the same size as her waist.
He began pulling out guns, knives, small grenades, a wire garrote, some vials of poisons, and a few other nasties. She poked through some of them. "Show me how to use a few of these."
For the next couple of hours he showed us (primarily her) how to use some of the more subtle weapons. He used the opportunity to have her body pressed against his when he could. She was eating up the attention and made certain I was watching when she pressed or rubbed against him. She made us take off our shirts so she more eye candy.
I could tell she was getting to her bursting point and suggested we try out the power blasts a little so she could cool down.
I was better at blasting than she was. We found we could vary the intensity but they were draining and we only managed about ten shots before we couldn't do any more. The blood blades didn't drain us at all so we practiced with them the rest of the day. Jerome had a katana in the trunk and showed us several very helpful moves.
I also practiced teleporting. I could 'port to the hotel and back easily. Holding Nicole tightly I managed to teleport us both to the hotel and back. Then I was completely worn out.
Almost. Nicole jumped me as soon as the door closed and fucked me senseless on the drive back. Our minds were linked while she rode me and 98% of the time she was thinking of me. The other two percent were brief thoughts of Jerome, Vince, and even Homerun Allen. Very surprising to me was the fact I got even more turned on thinking about being able to watch her climaxing on someone else's dick.
I knew she would never leave me and I certainly wasn't going to leave her so our relationship was strong. Occasional sex with another partner might be fun. I definitely wanted to get Celeste into bed if Nicole was open to it.
We got back to the hotel and thanked Jerome. We made plans to repeat our training tomorrow and headed up to our room.
Nicole peeled off her clothes and headed for the shower. "Order room service – surf & turf for me – then help me in the shower. And yes you can fuck Celeste, but I really don't want to fuck any other guys. You're everything for me. Unless it would turn you on and then I would do it for you. But not right now and we'd need to discuss it in GREAT detail first."
I stood with my mouth open for a minute until I heard the water start. I called room service and stammered my way through an order and joined her in the shower.
"No funny stuff," I warned her. "Our meals will be here in fifteen minutes." We washed each other and did a lot of heavy kissing but made it out before dinner.
We ate and went to bed soon after. I thought we might just go to sleep but we ended up passionately making love half the night.
We slept in the next morning and had sex again when we woke up. We absolutely were consumed with each other. We met Jerome downstairs and engaged in another full day of blood blade practice. Jerome continued teaching us great moves and we caught on to them immediately. He said we were naturals and I suppose we were. Our reflexes were faster than human and our strength was a greater.
Back at the hotel we bid Jerome goodnight.
Nicole nudged me. "Can you pick up some drinks, snacks, and shit from the gift shop over there? And maybe a cute useless souvenir? I'm going to go start the shower. Feel free to join me when you're done." She gave me a kiss on the cheek and sauntered off shaking her ass and getting every guy in the lobby to stare and lust after her.
I picked out the stuff she wanted and found a cute baby doll t-shirt with the word "Jamaica" on the front. I paid and headed to our room.
As I opened the door I called out, "I got snacks but no shit..." The words stuck in my throat. Blood was everywhere in our room. Nicole was standing in the middle of the room with two blood blades. She was surrounded by six dead men with guns in their hands.
I grabbed her, "Are you hurt?"
She shook her head slowly, "No. I dodged the ones that shot at me. I had to kill them. I've never killed anyone before. I thought it would bother me more."
"Start packing our stuff. I'm calling Jerome to pick us up and take us to a different hotel. MOVE!" We both sprang into action.
Ten minutes later we were throwing our bags in the back of the limo and Jerome peeled out of the parking lot. "Where do you want to go?" He asked us.
"Get us in the shitty part of Kingston. Can we ditch the limo before we go?" I was thinking of what to do and where to go.
Jerome pulled into a bar and went inside. He came back out in three minutes waving some keys and pointing to a rusty pickup truck. Nicole and I started throwing suitcases and weapons from the limo to the truck. "Nicole get in the cab with Jerome." I tossed her a pistol.
I jumped in the back and grabbed a rifle. Jerome took off again and took a very roundabout way to the slums. He pulled the truck into a rundown shack missing a wall. We piled out and set up for a siege.
"There's running water, but no power and no hot water. Nicole you can at least wash the blood off of you. Geran you take first watch. I'll take second."
I realized I was hungry and the blood smelled very good. I shook it off and got the bag of snacks I bought a little while ago. Nicole was washing herself in the cold water. She dried herself with some of the clothes we brought and changed into the warmest clothes we had.
She leaned against me and took a sip from my soda. "Geran?"
"Yeah?"
"Is this what our lives are going to be like from here on out?"
"I don't know. Is Jerome asleep?"
She checked. "Yep. Merc life. Able to grab sleep anytime anywhere."
"I'm going to try teleporting when he wakes up. We need to get back to Mom. She has to know what's happening and how to defend against it."
"You think you can 'port that distance?"
"I hope so. Maybe distance is irrelevant." We waited in silence back to back listening and waiting. A few hours later Jerome woke up and I explained my plan.
I stood in the middle of the room and concentrated. A second later I was in my room. I quickly 'ported back. "I can do it." Jerome, do you want to come with us or stay?"
"This is my home. Best of luck to you kids." We shook hands. Nicole gave him a passionate kiss. I handed him several thousand dollars in cash, grabbed Nicole and we disappeared from Jamaica.
Once we were back in my room we began searching for Mom. Typical. She wasn't here. "Let's get cleaned up and something to eat. Then some sleep. Go ahead in the shower. I'm going to double check the house."
We hugged and she went to the bathroom. I searched the house high and low for anything out of the ordinary. I was in the garage when it hit me how close I had come to losing Nicole. I knew she was an accomplished fighter and had excellent reflexes, but it was entirely possible one or more of those guys could have gotten the drop on her. I leaned on my bike and tried to keep the tears at bay.
SHIT! I should've searched the bodies! Would they still be there? It's been five hours. I decided I'd risk it. I 'ported back to our hotel room; looked around for three seconds and 'ported home again.
The room had looked immaculate and had reeked of sorcery.
I joined my sister in the shower. We bathed and held each other until the water started to cool. We dried off and went downstairs and fixed some sandwiches and ate in silence. After we ate we went back upstairs to bed. I held her tightly against me and we drifted off to a troubled sleep.
Undisclosed Location:
The first hissed, "All six were eliminated by just the girl! It was a disaster!"
The shadowy entity looked at the other two. "It was worth the sacrifice of the agents to see how they would react. Our primary agent remains undetected and ready for future use. We tested an organic attack through a proxy unit. Next we will try a technological attack through another expendable proxy. We remain beyond suspicion for now."
The third entity mused, "If one of the charged bullets had hit her we would have at least known the effectiveness of the research. We still have several sniper rounds available."
The first was positively vibrating with anticipation, "Yes! Fire at them from the rooftops as they go to school!"
The second answered, "Patience. SHE will be watching for such an attack. We will proceed with the second attempt as planned. It has a fair chance of success. If it fails we will explore the sniper option. Unfortunately, due to the nature of these two beings, we may have many opportunities to attempt their removal."
The three agreed.
Nicole's Story:
The next morning Mom woke us early and handed us some outfits. "Get dressed – formal combat. It's time to introduce you to the cabal at their base. Some call it the Hall of Doom from the old cartoons. It's silly but a lot use it. Others call it the Stone Church. Today may or may not go well, but we need to make the attempt. If successful you will have some powerful new connections." She was all business.
We got dressed in a hurry not speaking much. Fuck what we getting into?
We found Mom downstairs and without a word transported us to the Hall of Doom. I figured it was filled with super powerful dorks. We shimmered into existence. Well I was half right. Fuck! I had assumed super heroes! These were super villains! She could've warned us! They knew her well enough. The lightweights showed her the utmost respect. The middleweights almost as much. The heavyweights even deferred to her. The mega weights treated her as equals. Something to fucking think about.
She introduced us to those she thought worthy. I figured we would have a formal introduction later. Most of the males eyed me up and down thinking how much fun I would be in their bed. Several had a more hostile and hungry look and I knew they wanted to rape me. For the very first time in my life I felt exposed and wanted more clothes. I never let go of Geran's hand. After about an hour of bullshit we went into a large auditorium. They went over detailed plans of attack on the known heroes and nearly every country and government on the planet. They said who the top opponents were and while some of it was interesting, most of it was stuff everyone already knew. The attack plans were interesting.
At long last they called upon Mom to introduce us. She called us to the stage and announced us as her offspring, Conquest and War. There was a smattering of applause and a couple of dipshit questions. Mostly along the lines of was I available tonight. Geran looked at the projection of their attack plans.
A voice from the audience piped up, "Step away from the computer boy. Nothing there is of concern to you."
Geran ignored him and began talking. He was clear and elegant and began explaining where the existing plans were vulnerable and how to reduce losses, increase damage, and reduce the attack time by over half. I was so proud I was probably glowing. Mom was as well but not showing it.
There was a very stunned silence in the room. Then a bunch of voices yelling all at once. One really big fucker got up on stage and looked at the maps and plans closely. He waved the room to silence. He had a deep gravelly voice and told the audience in a tone that dared them to argue, "The kid is right. His changes improve our speed, lessen our casualties, and increase the damage we inflict. We adopt the kid's changes."
He handed Geran a card, "Come see me before you leave today."
And that was that. The meeting was over and everyone headed for the doors. Geran got a combination of looks of respect, admiration, irritation, and hatred. I stayed close to him and kept a firm grip on his hand. "Don't leave me alone here." I whispered to him.
"Not a chance. We have to get some allies in here to be able to walk around. Let's get some snacks and then go meet this Meister."
We ate a few things. Had a few cans of Coke. We told Mom where we were headed and not to leave without us. She told us to be back in two hours to show us a few more things.
We walked down a bunch of corridors. I muttered, "Some fucking honeymoon, huh?"
"As long as I'm with you it is!" he told me and gave me a quick kiss. We arrived in front of a big ass door. Geran knocked.
"Come in." It was the deep gravelly voice again so we made it to the right place. Geran opened the big ass door and there was a big ass room behind it. Seriously, it had more square footage than our house. It was filled with a shitload of books along one wall; weapons down another. Geran eyed the bookshelves; I eyed the weapons cabinets. We tromped our way to a big ass desk with some big ass leather overstuffed chairs. He gestured for us to sit. His eyes traveled over me. He wanted me pretty badly. His dick must be as big as my leg considering how big he was.
There was a huge monitor behind me dressed up to look like a window. It had a view of the Piazza in Florence. "You two made quite the impression today. A lot of people spent a lot of time on that plan and you improved it after seeing it once. You impressed many and pissed off some. Because of who your mother is you're safe today and probably the next two or three times you come here. You'll have to show some power of your own to increase your safety margin. My mentorship will help some as well.
"And I would like to mentor and benefactor you here. We have been stuck in a loop of stagnant thinking and you are a breath of fresh air and ideas. You proved we need new blood. Otherwise we're just gonna get our asses handed to us yet again.
"I have to jump thoughts here for a moment. Nicole is it? Nicole you are incredibly beautiful. It's been a long time since I've seen a woman with such a physical impact of beauty. I wonder if you wouldn't be willing to show me a bit more."
I looked at him through slitted eyes, "How much more?" I actually wasn't showing a whole lot today. The combat outfit Mom had for me consisted of long skin tight leather pants and a leather bikini top type thing.
"My dear girl, whatever you are willing to show me. Provided your brother approves of course." He smiled broadly.
I smiled back and took Geran's hand and corrected him, "My husband."
His smile froze, "To think I could be shocked twice in one day! You two are impressive! I withdraw my request and apologize to both for any offense."
Geran and I both noticed a click of a light bulb going off in his head. Our act of consummation to our marriage was a very critical event. I know Geran was having the same thoughts. What was Mom up to this time?
I looked at Geran and he gave the slightest of nods which told me it was up to me and he would support my decision. "No offense taken, Meister. And you did ask nicely." I knew Geran was watching him very closely for his reactions. I peeled off my top and draped it over the back of the chair. I never really liked wearing a top anyway and he got a thrill.
"Topless is the best you get, Big Guy."
"Three times!" He seemed to be very happy with the events of the day. I was never uncomfortable with people seeing my boobs (although they aren't big enough!) so I didn't try to hide or cover them. I did make sure to move around more than usual to make them bounce and jiggle. The three of us discussed many things. There was some verbal fencing and we were constantly gauging each other's reactions. We had an advantage due to my bare breasts.
On a whim I showed him my ring that Mom had given me. "Ever seen anything similar to these?"
He put my hand under a magnifying glass with a light ring around it. He studied it closely for several minutes and tugged gently on it. He looked at me, "These will not come off except in the event of death. Look over on that wall," he pointed behind me and to his left. Sixth bookcase from me, fourth shelf from the bottom. The eighth or ninth book from my side. There may be clues in it. You may borrow it. Understand, however, these rings are well over twenty thousand years old. They predate humanity."
I hopped up and found the books. They looked the same so I brought both back to the desk. He looked at them, "Take them both for now." They looked very old. The pages were parchment or vellum. There were tons on pictures in them – not drawings but what looked sorta like photographs.
Geran decided to push his luck, "Meister, I noticed some 'ah-hah' thoughts when you found out we were married. Would you be able to or care to share some of those? We know Mom has some plans for us, but we don't know what they are. Hell, we don't even know what direction they go or come from."
Meister was silent for a while staring at his desk. Finally he spoke, "I know only a little. Your Mother is a wild card here. She's more powerful than nearly everyone here and is capable of taking over at any time. She manipulates the direction of this organization and would have accomplished much more if we were more unified. Rather than lie to you I will tell you this: She has plans for you which you have already ascertained. She has plans for this group. She has plans for the ones who oppose her, and as many realms as she thinks she can handle safely. I do not know what her plans are, but you two are critical for them. She will not make any moves without knowing she will safely succeed 100%. Except for you two." He became silent again.
"You two may represent the biggest risk she has ever taken." He didn't elaborate on that statement.
After a minute he continued, "You two have a very long road ahead of you. Although lesser Horsemen are always around the Four Horsemen are exceedingly rare. The last time they walked the Earth was millennia ago. Make no mistake; if you two are here the other two are here in the flesh as well. Be careful around Death. A word of warning I can give you is each Horseman is vulnerable to another one. A check and balance if you will. You have the ability to easily kill one other Horseman each. And they you. If I were to guess this arrangement I would say Conquest is vulnerable to Death. War to Pestilence; Pestilence to Conquest; and Death to War. That's about all I have to offer on the subject."
He shifted around uncomfortably. "If I'm not mistaken, it's about time you returned for your initiation."
I decided I liked Meister and I was pretty sure Geran did too. I think we had a pretty good ally in him. I looked at my phone. "Hey, Geran he's right! We gotta get back to do the power thing with Mom." I put my leather combat bikini top back on.
Meister stood, "I'll escort you. You really shouldn't wander around this place without someone watching your back." He knew a shortcut and we were back much more quickly. Mom was waiting. Impatiently.
She pulled us to the side. "You will need to manifest some power. Use your blood blades. It will be a standard danger room sequence set mid-level. Keep your wits and this will be of no challenge to you. Do not get cocky"
Geran and I tightened our uniforms and entered the danger room. The room had been set up to look like a typical intersection in Manhattan. There were a few cars, pedestrians, mailboxes, and other typical street shit set up as obstacles.
We were nervous but definitely on our game. There were eight 'people' targets. They looked like a cross between ninjas and hi-tech armored guys. Two had guns and they all had sword type weapons. This was obviously set up to be a hand to hand battle. Four each. We could take the fuckers.
Geran took one side of the street and I took the other. We each had our targets in sight and we had them where they were pretty exposed.
The buzzer sounded and we began. We cut our hands and extended our blood blades. I cut down one of my targets fairly easily. I chose the gunman for my first target. All I had to do was a jumping lunge to skewer him. I stepped on his falling carcass, leaped onto the hood of a car, bounced up, did a flip, and brought my sword straight down on target number two. What the fuck? He moved out of the way so fast it was ridiculous. I countered with a spin and whipped my sword around so he basically ran into my blade and cut himself in half. I ducked, twirled, and got a bead on number three. I rolled, jumped, and flicked my blade where he should have been. Except he wasn't. The third target was FAST! "Geran! How many have you taken out so far?"
"Two! The other two are impossible! No way is this level five. Back to back – go defensive!" He called back to me. We started edging towards each other and were cut off. Fuck fuck fuck! Every time I moved closer to Geran they cut me off and pushed me back. I tried a big jumping flip but they were waiting for me when I landed. I barely parried their attacks and got through it without getting cut, but they pushed me even further away. We kept trying to get to each other. I felt a searing pain across my back. I was cut. It wasn't very deep but it went all the way across. I felt warm blood flowing down my back. I was also getting tired. Wait. I was surrounded by four targets.
"Geran! I've got four targets! You still standing???" I was terrified he was down.
He yelled back, "I've got.... four targets.....too!" He was really breathing hard.
I was hit again. The blade went clean through my arm and pulled free. Now I was bleeding badly. Were the safeties off? "Nicole!! Head.... for the.... Exit!"
Excellent plan. Could I make it? I was fighting harder than I ever had and it just wasn't fucking good enough. I had an inspiration and dropped to my belly and rolled under a car. I was able to defend this position for several seconds before the shooter got into position. I was just about to catch my breath when I felt three bullets slam through my side. I rolled out from under the car and bounced up on top of a target's shoulders. I rammed my blade through his skull. My bikini top was mostly leather and pretty strong. While balancing on the dead target's shoulders I ripped off my top and wrapped it around his neck. I then jumped down and held the leather strap with my left hand keeping the carcass against my back for protection. I grew another blood blade and hurled it into the skull of a target nearly on top of me.
One more blood blade, parry, parry, parry, riposte. I felt two more behind me hacking into my meat shield. Three more in front. Was this how it ended? Why hadn't Mom shut this down? At least I had some time with Geran as my husband. I was nicked and slashed all over now. The blood loss was slowing me. I took two more deep stabs – One in my thigh and one through my shoulder. I knew the next one was the end. The program froze! I worked the blade out of my shoulder and fell to the floor.
Where was Geran?
Maybe twenty feet away lying in a large pool of blood. He wasn't moving and was covered in blood. I closed my eyes.
Undisclosed Location:
Their combined laughter was loud and was tinged with insanity.
The first entity hissed something at the other two, but it was garbled to the point no one knew what he said.
The second looked very pleased. "Technology is a powerful tool. While we were unable to kill either of them outright, we have infected the first Horseman with a genetic defect which will make him so much easier to kill. Even if we never get another chance to strike, we have enabled his elimination. The infection on the second Horseman will take longer to manifest but could be the key to killing both of them. We never have to even get close to either of them. Or HER. How sweet!"
The third sat giggling and shaking. It may have not even been fully into the same dimension as the other two.
The laughter continued as the three faded from the room, their alliance concluded.
To be continued...