The sun was shining brightly over their college campus, reflecting off of Caucasian Sarah Brown's beautiful long blonde hair as she walked holding hands with her Chinese boyfriend Darren Liu, smiling as with his help she got accepted into a decent marketing program at the same school as him. Although they were quite the contrast, her a gorgeous, lean athletic blonde with long legs and he a beta male with a decent build, Sarah noticed that they were attracting far more attention than that warranted. She had noticed this on their dates together, but more so recently in Hawaii, and now on their campus. After giving him a quick kiss goodbye, they went their separate ways to their lectures.
During her lecture, Sarah sat cross-legged in the middle of the lecture hall and took notes, dressed in a casual tank top and short shorts that showed off her lean and sexy legs. During a brief break in the professor's speaking, she stretched her neck by twisting her head slowly from side to side, and realized nobody was looking at her; everyone was focused on the lecture slides like she was. She reasoned that since everyone was paying for their education now they were taking it much more seriously, but she was more accustomed to distracting at least a few men wherever she sat.
After their morning lectures, Sarah and Darren reconnected at the far end of the campus underneath a tree to have lunch together, quickly consuming their packed meals while sharing stories of their first day of college classes. While they were eating, Sarah noticed several of the passersby staring at them, with some even pointing at the two.
"You ever notice that a lot of people stare at us when we're together?" she asked.
"Yeah. I looked it up online one time. Asian male and white female couples are very rare," he replied.
"Really?"
"According to some Reddit subs. They even got a hashtag for us: #amwf."
"OK, I'll check it out later. Let's get back to class."
With that, the two quickly packed up, kissed each other, and sprinted off to their next classes.
On Tuesday night after classes, Sarah was taking a break from studying to research the hashtag amwf online, wearing only a Jacquard satin cami set of pajamas. What she found fascinated her: there was a sub-culture of likely East Asian men, who felt strongly attracted to Caucasian women like her and wanted to date them, but felt they were excluded because of ethnic factors. This group often posted online photos or videos of couples like her and Darren, cheering them on as it gave them hope they could find a woman like her in the future. She also found that several small pornography businesses made money creating media that catered directly to these men who had an Asian male-white female fetish.
Her curiosity satisfied, Sarah returned to reviewing her lectures for the day, eager to succeed in the business and marketing discipline, until she was disturbed from her concentration when her smartphone alarm went off. Checking the screen, she realized it was time for her nightly video session with Darren, and quickly turned off the lights in her room, locked the door, and closed her window blinds. Sitting on her bed with her laptop, she sent the Zoom meeting invite to Darren's email account. Upon realizing she was wearing her pajamas, she decided to improvise and removed her bottoms, exposing her ribbon slot lace cheeky panty.
Almost immediately, her invite was accepted and the meeting panel popped up, showing Darren admiring her from his laptop. As usual, he was naked, with his dark golden erection pointing directly at her from across the internet, and his hand already stroking it in anticipation of what was to happen. She took a beat to admire his firm chest, Asian skin complexion, and flattening stomach, then came up with an idea.
Can we record these sessions from now on? she typed into the chat.
Sure, he responded in the chat window.
Pulling her leg up in front of the webcam, she slowly ran a finger over the top of her lower leg, then her knee, and finally her thigh, leading his eyes directly to her cheeky panty.
I saw a lot of social media where couples like us post what they do online, she typed, adding and they have tons of subscribers!
Darren nodded on-screen, but his eyes were focused on her legs, and his hands were busy stroking his shaft in anticipation of what was to come.
She turned around and wiggled her firm lean buttocks at him through the webcam, giggling softly so as to not disturb her family. Turning to face him once more, she slowly pulled off her top, freeing her firm, young breasts for his enjoyment. She knew he loved her breasts, as they were just the right size: not giant melons, but just firm tiny coconuts that remained upright on their own. Her aureole had expanded with her arousal, so the pink flesh circles surrounding her nipples were thrice their original, relaxed size, and her nipples were firm and erect. She gently played with her nipples, enjoying the sensations they were sending through her, and slowly slid one hand down her torso.
On-screen, Darren's eyes were wide open, and he was jacking off furiously as Sarah teased him online. His brow was furrowed in deep concentration; he was trying to put off ejaculating as long as possible. He focused on her face; she was much more beautiful than what he originally imagined he would end up with. He watched her creamy white chest pulse with her heavy and excited breathing, like a wave traveling up and down her body from her diaphragm. As her hand snuck into her panty, he focused on stimulating the sensitive flesh between his dark golden glans and phallus.
Sarah quietly gasped with delight as her fingertips rubbed her clitoral hood, then gratuitously stroked her labia lips. She managed to slip her middle finger into her slit and caressed her vagina, trying to keep her sighs of pleasure quiet to not disturb her family. As she did this, she continued to fondle her breasts and pinch her nipples, smiling naughtily at him through her webcam.
The sight of the movement of her hand and fingers underneath her panty was too much for him to handle, and he pumped his erection furiously to release his sperm. Suddenly he thrust into his hand, and let loose a good teaspoon of semen, which he luckily caught with his other hand.
Then she saw on her Zoom window some semen ejaculate out from his glans and fall off-screen, as he could no longer put off his orgasm. As several more squirts of semen came out, she shuddered as her fingers brought her to a soft climax, with a gentle spasm vibrating her body.
I have to do a marketing project this year where I am supposed to reach out and understand a certain market segment. I want to make videos about our relationship...and what we do, she typed into her chat.
OK, he typed back.
Lovely blonde Caucasian Sarah Brown sat comfortably on the couch next to her Chinese beta boyfriend Darren Liu, her long wavy blonde hair splashed against his shoulder. She was filming the two having lunch between classes together, talking about their relationship and shared love of food. Chatting about their lunch date between bites, she focused on the video as Darren dutifully fed her with his spoon. After finishing their meal, Darren paid the bill, and the two left hand in hand, with Sarah filming while they walked.
She saved the video, then took a short one of them kissing each other goodbye before rushing off to her lecture. As she left, she noticed many passersby and fellow students staring at them as if they were a unique pairing, as if they had never imagined a white woman in a romance with an Asian male before. She hoped to capitalize on this interest to monetize the social media channels she set up to document their relationship.
Later that night, as she was getting ready for bed, she checked their YouTube and TikTok channels, wearing only her white cotton panty and tank top. After two weeks of filming and uploading videos of her and Darren's life, to her pleasant surprise, she and Darren had attracted over three hundred thousand subscribers to their YouTube channel, with their short videos sometimes surpassing one million views. Their TikTok channel was even more watched, with almost seven hundred thousand subscribers. With this much interest and engagement, she could monetize their social media channels, and make money on her school project too.
Excited, she quickly sent a Zoom invite to Darren, who instantly responded and appeared in the meeting window on her laptop screen.
Guess what? she typed into the chat as she fondled her breasts on top of her tank top.
He only responded with a question mark, as she could see on the screen that his hands were focused on rubbing his erection.
A lot of people are subscribing to our YouTube and TikTok channels, she typed. She then let her hand slide down her tank top, over the front of her panty, then down her inner thigh and leg to her ankle. She then felt up the top of her leg until her fingertips reached the bottom of her panty, where she stopped to look at her Chinese boyfriend on the screen.
On the other side of the internet, Darren's eyes had lecherously followed her hands as they fondled the breasts he loved squeezing down to her sexy lean, and long legs, which he looked forward to feeling every day. As he fantasized about being in Sarah's room with her, touching her, he stroked his phallus furiously.
Confident that she had him mesmerized, she lay back on her bed and slid two fingers over the crotch of her panties, so that they traced her labia lips through the cotton. She gasped while her fingertips stroked her labia, and added another finger that went up and down over her slit, all the while clenching her toes in sensual delight. Her fingers then slid up to the top of her panties, slipped inside, and rubbed her labia and clitoris aggressively.
At his home, Darren had found the correct rhythm to pump his penis and was getting close to climax. When he saw the lumps in her panties floating all over her labia, he lost control of his masturbation but managed to get his hand underneath to catch his hot sticky semen as he orgasmed.
Sarah shuddered when her climax crashed through her body, and she covered her mouth to muffle her primal grunting. Withdrawing her fingers from her underwear, she wiped them off with a Kleenex and saw that he was doing the same.
I'm going to make OnlyFans and MYM channels for us, she typed into the chat.
OK, he obediently typed back.
I'm going to post edited recordings of our nightly video chats there, she explained.
Just make sure our families don't know, he added.
The next day, Sarah created the OnlyFans and Meet Your Model accounts, and uploaded some edited videos there, then advertised their new social media channels on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, and X (formerly Twitter). She was excited when several thousand or so fans subscribed, as their social media was now monetized. When she read the comments, she was shocked when someone insinuated that she and Darren were just pretending to be together since they were not physically together in any of the uploaded videos of their nightly video chat sessions.
This gave her a wicked idea.