Finally, the kids are in bed. The thin girl plopped into the sofa, blew the random whisps of hair that fell out from her short ponytail, and now covered her eyes. She quickly learned that babysitting for the Stevensons was not easy. Their three small children were a handful and had endless energy!
How could she ever imagine that her sighs of relief and moment of relaxation would be short-lived? Mandy would need all the energy she could muster. Not from the young kids waking up, but rather what was about to happen when their kinky parents returned from their dinner party.
Her first "au pair" job with the Stevensons was about to take a radical turn.
For the better!
1: A dinner out requires a babysitter
"So, how did you get in contact with her?" Greg asked his wife as he was adjusting his formal dinner tie in the mirror.
"Mrs. Perry, the librarian told me about her," Nancy responded. "She knew that we were always looking for someone to sit for the kids, and thought Mandy would be a good fit."
"Uhm. Cool." Greg looked at his wife. All thoughts of the babysitter and anything else were superseded at this moment as he watched her finish dressing.
They are a good-looking couple; he is in his early 40s and she is in her late 30s. They are two professionals with three kids.
Greg watched his wife as she put the finishing touches on her appearance. He could not help but still be mesmerized by her beauty and how stunning she looked in her black dinner gown. Nancy noticed his stares.
"What?"
"I was admiring how pretty you are. Maybe, we will stay here as the babysitter watches the kids. I am sure we can find something to do."
She smiled. "Don't be silly."
He came behind her and placed his hands on her hips as his cock hardened on her ass.
"We could...just..."
His hands moved up the front of her black gown. It was a modern Stella Plunge satin design, with a plunging neckline, opened between her breasts with a deep open back. On the bottom, the dress had a split at the front and a fishtail hem at back. Without a bra, there was little material of her open formal dinner dress that held her firm breasts in place. His hands slipped under the fabric of the deep-V neck and cupped her breasts, and then pinched each of her pointy nipples between his fingers.
"Stop that!" she said playfully as she wriggled free. "If you start, you know what will happen."
"That's the point.".
"Greg! Stop that," she said playfully. "Besides, tonight you know is important for the Kinsley account. And old Kinsley will be there, so we can't miss this dinner."
"Ok, ok. I will be good," he paused. "For now!"
She smiled and pushed him away, lovingly.
"Be a dear and go downstairs to wait for the babysitter. I will be down in a moment."
Greg put on his suit coat and adjusted the collars and his gold Patek Philippe as he made last-minute preparations of his attire.
"So, what else did Mrs. Perry say about her? And what about when you met her, what is she like?"
"Well, she is very pretty and intelligent, I can tell you that. She is 22 years old, has light-colored skin, freckles, and reddish cherry-blonde hair, hazel eyes, a very skinny and fit figure. I don't know, she is really cute. Ya know?" she paused to brush on her makeup. "She's here on an exchange or in a graduate program at the city college."
"Oh yeah?" Where is she from?"
"Ireland. But, I think she is also from France."
"Oh, very nice. She sounds very sexy. Maybe we could get her to help us in our little games."
"Greg! Don't even think about that! First, I think she is a bit shy and I don't think she would be interested. I mean, she seems too.... well, innocent. She seems like something out of a girl's prep academy. Also, she seems very intellectual and responsible. She paused, as she checked her eye mascara, "So we don't want to blow it!"
"What a shame! We haven't had a 'pet' for quite some time."
"Yeah, she would be perfect," Nancy responded somewhat resignedly. "Because she is really very cute and has an incredible body. But who knows, maybe in the future."
She continued to put makeup on.
"Besides, she is recommended by Mrs. Perry. You know how hard it is to find somebody for the kids. Also, maybe she would be perfect as an 'au pair' on a more permanent basis. She would be able to speak French and English to them," she paused to collect another thought. "And being from another country, she probably feels very intimidated. So get that out of your mind!"
"Yeah. OK. Understood."
"Besides, after speaking with her, I am sure she will be great with the kids."
"Too bad. From her description, it is a shame that she won't take care of the big kids as well."
Nancy grinned and gave him a love tap and nudged him towards the door.
--
2: Mandy, the sweet and wholesome babysitter
"Really Mandy, thanks so much for agreeing to babysit the kids," Nancy said on her way out the door with her husband. "I hope they don't give you too many problems."
"No, I am sure they will be fine. Also, thanks for calling me," she smiled as the smallest of the children wrapped around her legs and continued to play the game they started while her parents prepared for the dinner party. "We will be fine," she said. "They are really cute kids and we'll have lots of fun. Right, Sara?" she said as she turned to the little one.
"Well, you don't know them yet!"
"Oh, I am sure they will behave," as she picked up Sara in her arms. The little girl threw her arms around her as if she knew her all her life.
For her part, Nancy had a commanding but sweet air about her. She was in her late 30s and strikingly good-looking and fit. Professional, with a carefully groomed educated demeanor, probably bestowed from the higher private Northeast schools. Mandy could only admire Nancy's elegance. Not only in the way she wore her long black formal dinner gown, with her golden braided hair partly hidden behind the french veil. It was her air of relaxed assurance and confidence. Despite her formidable beauty, she dripped positivity; it was as if for her the next grand moment was just around the corner.
"OK, if you need anything, you have our cell numbers," Nancy said as she rushed out the front door.
Mandy watched as Nancy slipped into the night and as Nancy's husband Greg waited for her, with the door opened for her to enter. Mandy, with Sara in her arms, waved goodbye as if the couple was going on a long sea voyage. In reality, this was all part of the game with Sara; it added a special effect as if it were their private secret. Sara seemed to love the fantasy and wrapped her arms around Mandy's neck and gave her a tight hug and giggling.
Mandy watched as Nancy's husband, Greg, closed the door like a gentleman and went around to the driver's side. She sighed. When would she find a man like him? If she pondered it a bit more, he was a bit of a mystery and she was intimidated by his good looks. He seemed slightly older than Nancy but she couldn't know because she only spoke to him briefly.
--
The Stevensons were a young couple that lived in the outskirts of the city in one of the upscale brownstone neighborhoods, with its eclectic mix of coffee shops, bookstores, boutiques, artsy stores, and new-age restaurants.
Mandy arrived as a foreign grad student at one of the universities in the city. Apart from her classes, her thesis work requires that she devote countless hours scouring countless historic documents in the local town libraries. It was through the town librarian that she was recommended for the babysitter job that might turn into a more permanent position as a live-in "au pair".
The library archives held some of the original documents from the 17th and 18th centuries related to Mandy's thesis work.
--
"Hi, I'm doing some research on the Salem Witch trials."
"Oh, very interesting," the librarian said. She was a middle-aged woman, stereotypical of an old New England schoolmistress. "Follow me. By the way, I'm Mrs. Perry. What is your name?"
"Mandy. Mandy McKenzie," she responded.
"What a lovely name. And what a lovely accent. You are from Ireland I take it?"
"Yes. Have you been there?" she responded enthusiastically and pleased someone asked about her home. "My mother is French, so I also grew up part of my life there."
"How very interesting."
They carried on with the conversation and informalities while Mrs. Perry pulled out countless preserved records and documents, as well as microfiche of original 17th-century court documents and statements. Mrs. Perry generously offered more help and was enthralled with Mandy's enthusiasm.
"Is this for a project at your school?"
"Well, it is my graduate thesis, actually"
"Oh, how interesting. Are you in the History Department? I know some of the professors there."
"No, English Lit."
"Very nice. So, what exactly is your thesis?"
"Well, I'm studying the influence of Witch Trials in the winter of 1692 in the early New England colonies on female authors," Mandy continued, as became common when friends and family ask, sometimes incredulously, about her thesis.
So many of her family and friends don't understand why she dedicates so much time to her research. After many times, she had this speech prepared almost as a defense of her work.
"You see, those accused of Witchcraft were thought to be servants of the Devil and resulted in two hundred innocent people in jail, and at least twenty-five dead."
"Oh yes, what a tragedy," the librarian responded.
"Yes, how curious you know about this. Well, I believe that this had a larger impact on the liberty of thought in society than originally believed. It started from a cauldron of discontent with seventeenth-century living conditions that predisposed English settlers to witch hunts. I am convinced that it spawned some latent undercurrents that shaped narratives in this country, making narratives and themes diverge from their origins in England."
"How very interesting."
Mandy went into some of the entrails of her thesis. She became quite animated and lost in her world explaining how her work has been progressing and all that she has been learning. Already, from so little time researching the topic and gathering source materials, she seemed to have become an expert on 17th-century life in the small New England towns.
After spending what seemed like an entire afternoon together, Mandy was ready to leave. When leaving she thanked Mrs. Perry for all her help.
"You are such a sweet and intelligent girl," Mrs. Perry said, making it clear that she took a liking to her immediately.
Mandy smiled bashfully, "Thank you."
Mrs. Perry seemed to ponder whether to ask her a question and then decided to go forward.
"If you don't mind me asking? I know that you must be very busy and maybe are not interested, however, we have a wealthy benefactor and supporter to our library that is looking for a mature young woman like yourself to be an 'au pair' for their children. They are quite particular -- but very nice -- and I think would be very pleased with someone so intelligent as you. The pay would be quite good. They are dear friends of mine."
She paused to notice Mandy's reaction.
"Well, I don't know. I mean, my work is really considerable."
"Oh, the children are well behaved and it wouldn't be much work at all. Also, at first, it would only be for Friday and Saturday nights. But, if it works out, then perhaps they would like you to stay on as an 'au pair'. Maybe it would be a good diversion and you could even get some of your work done when the kids are to bed."
"OK, why not?"
Mandy thought a little extra money could be useful. And, she liked kids
---
What she didn't tell the librarian was that she was intrigued by stories of the sexual potions that some witches were known to have conjured. Apart from her legitimate thesis, she also harbors another interest: erotic potion-making. She believed that the witches masqueraded some of their activity in what was a real business: aphrodisiacs. Instead of devil worship, they sold spices and conjured mixes that people believed would help attain a lover.
Mandy's secret passion and obsession were to find the secrets in these ancient documents that hid the secrets to produce erotic potions. She was reminded of Isaac Newton's obsession with alchemy and the occult, apart from his interests in legitimate science. Mandy was also interested in Alchemy of sorts, but the kind that converted a person into a sexual slave.
During her research, she sifted through documents of these 17th-century colonies, she would walk through the old graveyards of these old New England towns on the outskirts of the city. She would read the epithets and Olde-English writings on the tombstones. She tried to imagine what it was like. Of course, hers was a very modern, romanticized version of a truly harsh and reprehensible time.
But her fantasies were a diversion for her. She thought about sex all the time. Perhaps this was an outgrowth of suppressing so many of her innate desires, during her upbringing in the all-girl Catholic school and studying so many years under Nuns. Now, since she was so far away from home, maybe she could carry out some of her sexual fantasies.
So there it was, she would dream up these silly thoughts of being a poor maiden in the 17th-century village that was sexually tortured. Her active and creative imagination would run rampant.
"You are filthy-minded, Mandy," she would scorn herself. "You are stupid slutty and wicked witch and you deserve to be tortured."
In her fantasy, she was a young witch -- a young sexy bisexual witch -- who made love potions. She would walk through the town naked under the moonlight. With her love potion, all that she desired would be want to have wild sex with her.
Then, she was revealed for her use of potions and brought to the town square. They disrobe her in the center of the town square and tie her to a pole. She is completely naked and humiliated. It is a typical cold Northeastern Fall night and the townspeople lit an enormous born fire in the town square next to her. All the townspeople, both women and men took turns touching her naked body. They will set her free if she promises to give her body to all of them. She tries to plead, but deep down she enjoyed the humiliation.
It is silly, but Mandy thinks about this fantasy all the time. She is a submissive helpless maiden accused of being a witch. She thinks about it so much, that she has even dreamed up a plan. She will do it some night.
She had a plan. It was to walk through the old cemetery dressed in a thin white nightgown. Then, she would take off her nightgown place it into a dark cloth 'sache', put a blindfold around her eyes, turn rapidly circles until she is dizzy and disoriented, and then cast the sache with all her force into the air and towards the dark forest next to the cemetery. Then, with her eyes still blindfolded, she would walk naked in the dark for at least another half hour.
When finally she would remove her blindfold, she would be so disoriented and far from her clothing that she would need to spend the rest of the night, completely naked, under the moonlight in search of her nightgown. In one variation of her fantasy plan, she thought about her hands bound behind her back to make it even riskier.
She wanted to thrill and risk of being caught and humiliated like the witches she fantasizes about from those old 17th-century towns.
Maybe someday she will have the courage and carry out her plan.
--
The Stevenson's car pulled out of the driveway. Nancy looked at Mandy and Sara as they waved back. She seemed a perfect babysitter to leave with their children. She could imagine her as a live-in 'au pair' for a more permanent arrangement.
"So what did you think of Mandy?" she asked Greg.
"She seems very nice. And definitely cute, as you said."
"Mmm, yes she really is," Nancy looked forward but her image of Mandy filled her perception. She could see Mandy's long smooth legs and her short tight denim shorts. "She was even cuter tonight than yesterday."
"And sexy. Her long legs in those shorts...."
"So, you were checking out her legs?" Nancy turned towards him and grinned while he concentrated on the road. "Well, I don't blame you."
"Yes, I noticed you were also sizing her up too."
"Mmm, you're right. Yes, she would have made a perfect 'pet' for our little games. But, she seems too.... proper."
There was a long silence.
"Well, at least she will get along well with Sara and the boys. Also, she seems dependable."
"Yeah."
Each was lost in their thoughts of this sexy creature they left with their children in their homes. Lost in a fantasy of a possible future, that seemed only an ephemeral alternate reality.
They sat in a long silence and concentrated on the night road, the low hum of the car as it sped towards the city, only punctuated by the sad jazz music that colored the contours of the moment.
"What a shame," Nancy whispered.
"Yeah," he said reserved.
3: A juicy discovery.
An hour after she said, "C'mon kids, it's time for bed", Mandy finally had a few moments of rest.
After what seemed like a long evening -- several animation videos, playing dolls, playing house, playing video games, and bedtime stories, the kids were finally in their rooms asleep. Mandy had underestimated the amount of work her new job entailed.
She had brought with her several of her books from English Lit class. But, all her ideas of being able to get her homework done during this "simple" babysitting job were cast out the window. Now, she wanted to vegetate on the couch and watch some mindless show on the TV.
She flipped through channels and there was nothing of interest. Talk shows, silly sitcoms, horror movies, etc. She left it on a channel that offered cooking classes. How boring.
Aside from the large screen television, there was a bookcase. On the lower shelves, there were several of the latest fiction novels; nothing of interest. Further up, there were the classics.
But what caught her eye was on the highest shelf. There was a set of videos. Many of them were Hollywood movies and she scanned the titles. She pulled out some of them and started to look through them.
Then, she noticed that there was a row of DVD boxes behind them. Although she felt maybe she shouldn't be so curious, she grabbed a few of them. It was as if this second row of videos, placed on the highest shelf and in the background screamed: "OUT OF REACH of KIDS". This alone piqued her interest. They were not labeled and they didn't have any pictures on the cover. Inside each of the boxes, the DVDs were labeled with a unique number.
She selected one at random and was about to replace the other DVDs. Then, she noticed an object behind the row of DVDs. It was a dildo in the form of a real cock. It was very long and thick.
"Oh my!" she whispered as she reached for it.
Her eyes widened at the discovery and felt it in her hand. She made a careful note of its exact location to replace it but reached for it. It was so large and thick that her thin hand could just barely wrap around it.
"This is so hot," she said as if the phallus could come to life. "I would love to have this in me."
As she became more aroused, she lost inhibitions with her raunchy fantasies. She brought it to her nose. It still contained a smell that was unmistakable from a woman.
"This has recently been in Nancy's kitty," she whispered mesmerized with thoughts of this large dildo entering Nancy's pussy. She thought about the sophisticated and professional Nancy -- now with her legs spread and the thick dildo stretching her pussy.
Mandy became aroused. As always, she could feel a tingle, and then her nipples became erect. Next, she would become moist and want to touch herself between her legs.
She put the dildo back on the shelf, but not in its original place.
"I'll put it back in its place later," she thought. "There is plenty of time."
She removed one of the DVDs from its box. Inscribed on the DVD was a handwritten number in black marker: "53X20200411". It seemed to encode a date along with another number.
"Maybe they were movies for family or work?" she thought.
"Yeah right!" she thought. "A row of DVDs hidden behind a group of other DVDs with a huge dildo hidden behind these and with all the discs encoded with a nondescript number!"
This was a harbinger for the content. Her curiosity was piqued and she had to watch one even if she knew she shouldn't.
4: The Mystery Girl with the Japanese Tattoos
She found the remote control for the DVD player and placed the disc into the tray. With nervous anticipation, she pressed PLAY.
She stood for a moment next to the TV, then stepped slowly back to the couch. She sat and leaned forward with nervous suspense.
The video started. The screen was dark.
All of a sudden a naked woman entered the scene, crawling naked on all fours.
"Oh, my God. It is a porn movie," she whispered.
Then, as she looked at the woman more, she couldn't believe her eyes. The woman seemed to be Mrs. Stevenson.
"Could it be? Could it be Nancy?" she murmured in near disbelief.
The naked woman's fluid movements were slow, smooth, and erotic -- almost cat-like. Her body was only lit with highlights of the spotlight at the distant wall, much the rest of her body was in shadows. So only the contours of her naked form were seen in the penumbra.
What may have been a "home" movie, the cinematography was professional and made the scene highly erotic. First, the woman's head appeared, as it entered the camera's visual field from below. Then the delicate frame of her naked back appeared. All along the length of her spinal column -- from her neck to the crease of her ass -- were tattoos in the form of Japanese characters. They must have conveyed a secret message and only added to the woman's mystique.
The woman's frame was thin, athletic, the bones of her rib cage visible; each movement revealed the hundreds of muscles that coordinated her deliberate and feline locomotion. Her smooth skin glistened with the small amount of light; drenched with desire. Her body was that of a woman in her prime, not a young girl, but a woman in her late 30s.
She continued to crawl on all fours toward the bed as the pale stage lighting danced over her. Even in the low light, the camera angle from behind allowed a glimpse of her hairless pussy tucked in between her tight skinny ass cheeks as they swayed from side to side with each movement.
Mandy's body responded. Her nipples were now hard and she had the urge to touch them. No, pinch them. Hard.
She never really watched a porn movie before. Yeah, she saw stuff on the internet, but this was different. This was far beyond a porn movie; it was a window into the intimate life of a woman she just met. She was more excited with this thought than she had ever been in her entire life. It was beyond erotic the thought that the naked woman could be Nancy.
"What will Nancy do? Will she show her entire body? Or, will she have sex?"
She wished her mouth was between the sexy crease between the woman's legs. This was her latent fantasy. She wanted to be taken by an older woman. She sometimes dreamed about being submissive to a sexy mature woman; maybe one of her teachers from school, or one of her female university professors. In her fantasy, as a submissive, she would feel not only sexual passion but a deep feeling of security and love.
"What would it be like to be this older woman's sexual pet?" she thought.
She focused her attention on the woman's hairless pussy as she crawled on the floor towards the divan. The camera followed the woman, zooming in at the same speed as the woman. As she was closer, her body was bathed in more life, since there was a spotlight from above that illuminated the divan on what appeared to be a stage. Once the woman entered into the zone of the spotlight, her body would be fully visible.
--
Mandy's mouth watered in anticipation to see the woman's fully naked body. She wanted to see her in the light. She wanted to confirm her suspicion.
"Was this Nancy?"
She sat on the couch with her feet up. She positioned her foot at her kitty, shifted her position so that she could grind her clit against her heel. She cupped her breast with her free hand as she controlled the DVD player with the remote control. She began to rock slowly on her heel; her favorite masturbation technique. But soon, she would want her wet naked pussy to rub and grind against her foot. Soon, she would need to remove her clothing. The added risk of being naked made her even hornier.
Mandy became more drawn into the scene on the DVD.
---
As anticipated, when the woman crawled into the spotlight, her naked body was completely illuminated. In the light, her bare pussy was now clearly scene between the crease of her ass. She was now in front of the divan and she kneeled with her back still to the camera.
The woman's naked body was perfect. The tattoos that ran the length of her spine added such an erotic mystery. The sides of her firm breasts could be discerned even from behind. They were not small, but not large either. The woman turned slowly around. But her entire face was not visible; only from the tip of her nose down; but it panned up slightly and it was clear that she had a black satin cloth around her head to blindfold her eyes. She had a neck collar and on her wrists were leather cuffs. Her ankles were also adorned with leather cuffs.
She sat on the edge of the low divan and faced the camera. Even though the woman had a blindfold, and for the most part, her face was in the dark, Mandy was sure that it was Nancy.
"My God", Mandy whispered. "It has to be Nancy!"
"I can't believe it. It is definitely her".
The fact that it was Nancy made Mandy far more aroused than if it were any porn movie. This changed completely her perception of Nancy. Suddenly she was not the distant sophisticated woman, but a passionate kinky woman. Mandy suddenly wanted her so much more.
Nancy's entire naked body was in focus in the camera. She parted her legs and began to rub up and down her body. Her breasts were full and she pulled on them with one hand as the other rubbed between her legs. She brought her wet fingers to her mouth and tasted her moisture. Her mouth demonstrated the carnal desire that she wished for.
She stopped and reached for a bowl that was slightly out of the camera field. She placed it next to her on the divan. It was a bowl filled with ice cubes.
She took one of the ice cubes and rubbed it slowly over her warm skin. She gasped from the contrast of numbing cold against her hot excited body. The camera panned in closer. Her hardening nipples reacted as the ice cube melted forming a stream running down her breasts to the expanse of her flat tummy. Her mouth opened from the mixture of pain and ecstasy.
Until now, a front view between her legs remained hidden by the stark shadows cast by the spotlight. Shadows and light. She opened her legs. The spotlight drenched her bald pussy in light revealing the large meaty lips of a woman in her prime.
Mandy was focused on Nancy's large pussy lips. She imagined the realistic dildo that she found behind the DVDs penetrating her juicy hole.
"I want to suck on those lips," she whispered as she quickened the pace with which she ground her pussy against the heel of her foot. "Nancy, make me lick you," she pleaded as if Nancy were there with her and in her fantasy, she was the submissive pet.
Now, the woman in the video moved the ice cube towards her pussy. She opened her legs more. The camera zoomed in further as the ice cube approached its destiny -- the center of the galaxy, at least for Mandy at this moment. The woman moaned as she rubbed the ice cube over her large labia. Then, as if in a moment of unbridled arousal giving way to determination and courage, she forced the ice cube into the entrance of her vagina. After what were only a few moments, the pain must have been excruciating, as the nerve endings on her sensitive inside reacted to the cold which sent shocks from within her vagina.
--
Mandy was riveted on the scene. She became so aroused that she needed to orgasm. She needed to take her clothes off. She needed to rub her bare moist kitty against the heel of her foot, and grind against her hard slippery clit.
As if in a daze, she forgot where she was, she undid the button of her blouse and slipped her hand inside. Her bra had to be removed. In a quick movement, she leaned forward, reached behind, and undid the clasp, and pulled it through. Without thinking, she cast it on the other side of the couch.
She then began to rub and pinch her nipples as her hips undulated so that her kitty dry-rubbed against the hard bone of her heel lodged up against her crotch. But it was so frustrating. She wanted to be naked. She had to take off her denim shorts.
It was decided. She would take the chance. First, she would check that the kids were asleep. She paused the video and tip-toed upstairs to the bedrooms to have a peek inside. Fortunately, the kids were still sleeping. Now she would quietly return downstairs. She would get off quickly and nobody would ever know. But she had to be naked to do it.
When she returned to the couch, before she sat on the couch, she unbuttoned the top button of the shorts and pulled the zipper down. They were tight-fitting, so she had to wriggle her hips as she clasped the sides to pull them down. After some struggle, they were around her ankles. This was the moment. She stepped out of them completely, and she flicked them with her toes between the couch and the coffee table.
She quickly pulled off her panties. She touched her pussy and it was completely wet and leaked her silky lubricant. She had the sense to realize that she could stain the couch and she used the panties to soak up some of her liquid. Afterward, the panties were drenched and she cast them on the floor.
She lay back with her legs bent up, her feet on the edge of the couch, and her pussy completely exposed. As she rubbed her kitty, she watched the image of Nancy rubbing herself with an ice-cube inside her. Mandy slipped a finger along the inside of her lips, as she used it to stroke the length of her vagina, but didn't penetrate the entrance. She had forgotten about the danger and risk she was taking.
But, she needed to orgasm. She began to rub faster. The familiar tension was building. Soon she would explode in a massive shudder and feel the afterglow. The anticipation was palpable. She stroked her wet kitty harder. Her mouth opened. She wanted to moan but was able to contain herself. Her heart accelerated as if she was running a marathon. She now rubbed her pussy furiously.
It would be any moment now.... she would cum....
"Ring....Ring...."
It was her cell phone. She grabbed it with her wet fingers, smudging the entire phone with her creamy juice. It was her friend from English Lit. They had said that they would talk. She had to take it.
"Hi Jenny," she said as if panting, but trying to control her breathing. "How are you?"
"Hey, Mandy! How is the babysitting?"
"Good," Mandy responded and tried to catch her breath.
"What's wrong? Why are you out of breath? Are the kids giving you a hard time?"
"Oh, no. I had to run upstairs to attend to one of them," she tried to deflect any more questions. "The little one woke up."
--
As they talked, Mandy put the video on pause and turned off the TV just in case. She also slipped on her shorts, if one of the kids decided to come downstairs.
Not paying any attention, as she moved around, her panties slipped underneath the couch. With the conversation, she also forgot all about her bra and it slipped deep into the cushions of the couch.
---
Mandy and Jenny talked for what must have been a half-hour. It was related to classwork, so there wasn't much that Mandy could do. Her orgasm had been frustrated, so she wanted to quickly finish the conversation so that she could get back into the movie.
When the conversation was over, Mandy turned the TV back on. She checked the time. Hopefully, she would have enough time to rub her pussy to orgasm. But, moreover, she wanted to see what else was on the DVD.
--
As the woman (undoubtedly Nancy) in the scene rubbed her pussy, the sound of footsteps was heard. It was a fully dressed man that entered the scene. He was in a black suit.
Mandy recognized him. It was Nancy's husband.
"Oh my God," she whispered. "It's Greg."
As she watched, Mandy undid her shorts and slipped her hand inside so that her fingers touched her pussy.
The camera only captured from above his waist down. He faced the woman; sideways to the camera. He directed her head towards him, commanding her to attend him. She dutifully obeyed as a submissive slave and undid his trousers and pulled out the man's cock.
His cock was long and thick. He was already semi-erect as she licked its tip. His cock began to grow between her delicate hands as she placed the tip between her supple lips. She sucked and licked the tip of his cock.
He took her wrists and fastened them behind her back with the handcuff clasps. With another chain, he attached her nipple clamps and then attached them to a ring on her neck collar.
He then grabbed her head and forced it onto his cock. First, she took only half into her mouth, but he insisted and it eventually passed entirely into her throat.
5: Mandy takes care of the kitty-kat
She removed her shorts again. Her pussy was so wet that without panties, a large conspicuous moist spot covered the crotch of her denim shorts. She brought them to her nose and smelled them. It smelled like Nancy's dildo. She cast the shorts on the floor and plopped down on the couch as before her phone call -- her leg bent up with her feet on the edge of the couch.
Now, she pushed a finger into her bare pussy. She wanted more than a finger inside her.
"She won't find out," she thought about the dildo.
She looked upon the top of the bookcase. It was there. Nancy's large realistic-looking dildo. Her arousal had now overtaken any shred of logic that she could have had.
"I'll just rub it along the outside," she whispered.
She retrieved it and returned to the couch. To clean it, she put it in her mouth, stroking it in and out, as if she were giving a blowjob, like in the scene of the movie.
Now she started to rub in earnest.
"Oh my God," she continued to whisper. "Put it inside you," she said as if she were the sexy middle-aged woman in the video.
She wanted to be completely naked, but it was so risky. Well, at least she would open her shirt, she decided. So, she immediately started to undo all her buttons on the blouse. As she rubbed the dildo up and down her hot slippery pussy, she pinched her nipples.
As she moved the dildo along the outside of her slippery lips, she would flick her wrist slightly every other stroke so that the angle of the dildo aimed at her entrance. The large head of the cock would penetrate her slightly, to stretch and prepare the entrance to her cunt. Each time she did this, more and more of the head of the dildo would enter her. Each time it entered her, she gasped.
--
The woman continued to suck and deep-throat the man's cock. Both his hands had grasped her head and violently forced her on his cock. He was fucking her mouth, pumping inside her throat with all his force. It was so carnal and crude, but it made Mandy so aroused. She was like a sex doll, unable to break free of his strong grip. She could only open her throat to accept the full length of his cock.
--
Mandy positioned the angle of the dildo to enter her. She pushed. It hurt slightly.
"How could this large cock enter in such a small tight hole?" she whispered.
Now she didn't care about any hurt. She used all her force with each stroke to push it inside. First a few centimeters, and then more. Slowly she each stroke plunged into her depths. Her pussy fluid leaked out, and without her paying attention, and dripped onto the couch making a large wet spot.
She stroked in and out.
--
The man's orgasm approached. The woman could sense that his cock would explode at any moment. He increased his rhythm, as he pumped his cock into her face. He used her as a toy. She could do nothing but obey.
--
Mandy also sensed an orgasm approach. She wanted to cum when he did. It would make her fantasy so much real.
"Oh...", her gasps escaped.
She pushed the cock into her with the same rhythm as the man pumped his cock into the woman's mouth. When he increased the rhythm, she also increased the speed that she pushed the dildo into her tight entrance.
--
She sensed her orgasm approach. She wanted to wait for the man so they could cum together. She was so close and could let go at any moment. She knew her body and knew that nothing could stop it now. The pent-up tension was now was at the point of release.
She was more aroused than ever in her life. Maybe it was because there was so much risk; her she was -- naked in someone else's house; the kids could walk down at any moment, and here she was, rubbing her naked body, and watching a man about to cum in the mouth of this sexy woman.
Here it comes, she thought. It will happen now. In a few momentos, she would cum.....
Then, she heard the sound of a car door closing shut outside in the driveway.
The Stevensons had returned home!
6: Discovering the real Mandy
"Damn," she stammered, unable to believe her bad luck and misfortune. "Oh my God!"
She would never have time to collect her clothes and put everything back to the way it was. She would surely get caught. This would be so embarrassing.
She rapidly grabbed her shorts on the floor. She remembered her panties and started to look for them but couldn't find them. She pulled up her shorts without the panties and buttoned her blouse without her bra. Of course, she would somehow need to find her clothing before she left otherwise they would find them in the morning. She looked down and realized that her breasts were visible through her thin white transparent blouse. Her boobs would be on display for anybody to see them.
Her hands shook frantically as she stood up and moved as fast as she could to pull her shorts on and button her blouse. She searched for her panties, but couldn't find them.
"Ouch!" she shrieked as she tripped over the coffee table, as she bumped her shin to try and get to the DVD player.
She heard a key as it entered the lock of the front door. At any moment, the Stevensons would be there in the room. Miraculously, it appeared that they had returned to the car to retrieve something. This gave Mandy a bit more time as she pulled the DVD out of the player and returned it to the shelf. She had enough time to put it on the upper shelf, but not in its proper place.
She looked back on the couch.
"The dildo!"
She moved the pillows from side to side. It was nowhere to be found.
"Oh my God!"
Now she heard the door open again. Since the dildo was not anywhere to be seen, maybe at least at this moment, they would not notice.
She heard the footsteps of Nancy approach. She rapidly put the TV to a station that had a documentary about fly-fishing. There was no time to change the channel at this moment.
She realized that she was out of breath and tried to become calm. She looked down at her blouse and saw that the buttons were so low that one of her hard nipples was peaking out. She rapidly fastened at least one of the buttons
Just then, Mrs. Stevenson walked into the room.
"Hi, Mandy. How did the night go?" she asked as she entered.
Mandy tried to act normal, but she was completely flush. Also, her small pointy nipples were visible through her thin white blouse. She stood up.
"Oh, hi Nancy. Sorry. I must have fallen asleep here on the couch," she said as she tried to act as normal as possible, but somehow realizing that she was not so convincing.
"How did it go? Did the kids behave?"
"Yes, they are such great kids," she said with her perky smile. "We had such fun."
"Well, you don't need to hide it from me. They can be a handful," she said as approached Mandy more.
Nancy noticed Mandy's nipples. Perhaps, she took it off to be comfortable. But then, Nancy glanced over to the bookshelf and then notices a wet spot on the couch. In a rapid glance, she saw the DVD player, and the bookshelf was not as she left it. She was sufficiently discreet that she said nothing or made no indication of anything amiss to Mandy. But she knew.
And Mandy perceived.
Then, her husband, Greg walked into the room. He pulled off his black tie.
"Hi Mandy," he said as he continued into the room.
-----
As Mandy talked with Nancy about the night with the kids, Nancy also noticed that the girl's shorts were slightly stained in the crotch. She couldn't have imagined at that moment it was from this girl who had been rubbing her kitty against her foot and leaking all her juices into the shorts. Then from her angle, she could see that a pair of black panties were underneath the couch. She realized that she had caught Mandy off guard.
"Well, I will go and get my book bag," Mandy said trying to make Nancy move toward the other room so she could find her bra and panties. But Nancy stayed close to the TV and acted to read something on her cell phone.
When Mandy left the room to gather her books and her bookbag, Nancy retrieved the panties from underneath the couch. She brought them to her nose and they were completely wet in the crotch with white pussy juice. What a little slut. She only smiled. It was the sweet smell of a horny young girl. This is when Nancy also noticed that her dildo and Mandy's bra were between the couch cushions, buried deeply.
She quickly slipped the panties into her coat pocket and placed the dildo next to the DVD player.
Mandy returned a moment later, not suspecting anything.
"Poor girl," she chuckled. "We must have interrupted her orgasm
She thinks "Yes. What a little slut she is," she whispered. "Maybe? Yes, I think so. Just maybe."
7. The nightcap
Mandy started to get ready to leave. She worried about leaving her "items" but was now resigned.
"Oh Mandy, I was thinking, there is no rush for you to go", she said with a kind smile. "I was about to have a glass of wine. Why don't you stay a bit so we can chat?"
Mandy seemed anxious to leave. She was a bit embarrassed because maybe they suspected.
"Oh, I don't know," she said somewhat reluctant. "I should really get back home."
"Nonsense. C'mon, it will be nice," Nancy insisted but without being forceful. "Please. I would enjoy it so much."
"Well, perhaps."
Mandy was so nervous about her underwear and bra. Maybe this would give her a moment when Nancy wasn't there to go and find them.
"I will go upstairs and change into something more comfortable and tell Greg that you will be staying a bit."
"But, I really don't want to be any trouble," Mandy said apologetically.
"There is no problem. It will be fun to sit and chat," she said as she started to walk up the stairs.
--
Nancy entered the bedroom after she checked that the kids were asleep. Greg was removing his tie.
"How are the kids? Sleeping?"
"Yes, they are perfect," she said, but with a lascivious grin.
"What's up with you?" he said wanting to be part of the secret. "Why are you so giddy and mischievous all of a sudden?"
She reached into her coat pocket and pulled out a pair of black panties.
"Look," she handed them to him. "Look what I found under the couch."
He immediately felt their moistness.
"Whose panties are those? Mandy's? he asked incredulously.
"Whose else?"
"My God!" studying them more carefully, They're drenched. "But where?"
"Like I said, underneath the couch. She also lost her bra. I notices that she discovered our videos," she paused, "And the dildo."
He had a sudden grin. "Interesting. Interesting, indeed."
We must have caught her in the act and she didn't have time to hide the evidence."
"Oh my!"
"That's what I thought."
"So now what?"
"I asked her to stay for a chat and a glass of wine," she responded. "She agreed."
"Oh! even better."
"I will slip into something more...," she paused. "Revealing. Maybe she will recognize the woman in the movie."
As she took her dress and panties off, she returned to in front of Greg completely naked. She was accustomed to being naked with him. He grabbed her and kissed her passionately on the lips. He brought her closer to him and slipped his hands down her back to the crease of her ass, and moved his finger along and inside her moist pussy.
"Careful! she said, "Save your energy. Hopefully, you will be needing it." She said as she pushed him back to reach for her transparent nighty.
"It is time to go downstairs and prepare our dinner dessert. I think tonight it will be Cherries."
She giggled, "Yes, cherries for our cherrie-blond babysitter."
Nancy, still naked in Greg's arms, reached up by arching on her toes and kissed Greg passionately on the mouth. She was so turned on that if she didn't have self-control would want him to fuck her right then. But she had control. Lots of self-control. And this was worth the wait.
"What do you think? Then, in a little while, after you shower, you can come down and join us for a bite to eat."
--
When Nancy had retreated upstairs and was out of sight, Mandy quickly went in search of her panties and bra. She found her bra that was buried between the pillows, but her panties were nowhere to be found.
When she moved the pillows, she looked under the coffee table and the couch. They weren't anywhere. She looked around the room.
"Oh my God," she said as her jaw dropped. "The dildo.".
She noticed the dildo was right next to the DVD player in plain sight.
"Maybe Nancy didn't notice,"
She quickly cleaned it off and placed it more or less where she found it behind the DVDs on the high shelf.
As she searched around, she heard Nancy descend the stairs. She was dressed in a sheer nighty. Her body was nearly naked and on display.
She came over to Mandy.
"C'mon with me," she said. "Let's go to what we call the "Museum" room. I think you will like it there."
As she turned and walked to the hallway at the far corner of the room, Mandy followed behind her and had a clear view of Nancy's nearly naked body. The material was completely transparent and Mandy could see her back and ass.
Then she noticed them. The tattoos in Japanese characters start from her neck and run the spinal column to the top of her ass.
"It was her," Mandy said. "The naked woman was Nancy. It is certain now."
8. The Museum room.
They entered the room. It was enormous. Maybe it was at least 80 square meters. This was a different part of their already large house, an extension in the back not seen in the front Colonial style. The cathedral ceilings were high and there were long beams and glass ceilings. The moonlight streamed through the windows before Nancy turned the lights.
One wall was adorned with large modern paintings.
On the rest of the walls were enormous photos of a naked woman. They were of Nancy.
One photo was at least 3 meters high and 2 meters wide. It was a black and white photo of Nancy with her legs wide open, while her fingers opened her cleanly shaven pussy. From her entrance, emerged a droplet of her creamy juices. Her face was not clearly visible; it was blurred -- "Bokeh" style.
Rather than vulgar, the photos were highly artistic and extremely erotic.
Another large photo was again black and white. It looked like the scene in the movie. It was another Bokeh-style photo. She had her back to the camera and crawled on all fours, with her pussy and ass in clear view, while her back that receded into the background was blurred. But, the tattoos along her thin spinal column were unmistakable.
"Do you like my artwork?"
"You took the photos?"
"Yes."
"And," Mandy paused not sure whether to ask, "Who is the model? She is absolutely beautiful."
"It is me, silly," Nancy giggled. "And thank you. You are also extremely pretty, Mandy. I think you would be a wonderful model."
This floored Mandy. She became immediately very shy and conscious of Nancy's penetrating gaze as she looked straight into her eyes.
"I like your tattoos that run down your back," Mandy said as she studied one of the photos. "What do they mean?"
"Well, it is a little secret between my husband and I. It translates to something like 'I am my Master's pet'".
Nancy could tell the effect it had on Mandy. She also knew that if she saw one of the videos, she would know exactly what that meant. So, Nancy diverted the issue and told her about her advertising agency. She was a photographer but now attended mostly to business issues.
Her photography however was something that she loved.
"C'mon, Let me get some wine," Nancy said to relax the situation.
She went to the side of the room where there was a mini-bar. Mandy watched her naked body as she walked. She came back with two glasses and a chilled bottle of Chardonnay wine.
"Here," she said handing her a large wine glass. "Cheers. To your first and hopefully not last night of babysitting for us."
They touched wine glasses with a "cling".
"Mmm. It's good," Mandy said after taking a sip. She noticed the label on the bottle. It was French; Corton Charlemagne Grand Cru - Louis Jadot. Expensive. She knows because her Dad back home in Ireland is a connoisseur of fine wine. This bottle must be at least 300 euros.
"C'mon, let's sit here and chat. It will be fun"
--
9. A naked chat.
Mandy sat on one of the white leather minimalist sofas. Next to her, Nancy sat...
"I hope you don't mind that I put on some comfortable clothes," Nancy says to Mandy rather apologetically.
"Oh no, of course not."
Nancy notices the reaction her state of nakedness had on her.
"I am not making you feel uncomfortable, I hope?"
"Oh, no not at all," Mandy tried to muster all her ability to not make her voice quiver.
However, in reality, for her, it was an enormous effort to avoid staring at Nancy's body.
In the lighting, Nancy sat very close to her but opposite. Her breasts were clearly visible through the gown. She then put her feet up on the edge of the chair. In this position, part of her pussy was visible to Mandy.
She seemed to be doing this on purpose, thought Mandy
"How are you enjoying the University here? Is it like where you are from?" Nancy asked.... But then "I hope you don't mind me asking about yourself..."
"Well, I like it very much, but it's true, it is very different from my university back home. The classes are freer. In general, the people are very open."
Nancy shifted her position.
"That is nice, dear. And tell me," she seemed to move closer as if to partake in a secret. "Do you have a boyfriend or someone special?"
"Well not really," trying to deflect the fact that her social life was a disaster. It seemed like a question her mother would ask. "I am really at the university too much. And with all the homework."
"I must say, with such a pretty girl, I would have expected you to have many boyfriends," she paused dramatically, taking a sip of her wine. "Or girlfriends," she said as she looked intensely into Mandy's eyes. "If I were your age, I would be trying to be your girlfriend."
Mandy was floored. Here a grown woman, essentially naked, was seducing her.
Nancy knew how to place the bait and then retract. She quickly changed the subject so that Mandy didn't feel uncomfortable.
"C'mon, have some more wine. There is another room that I want to show you. It is my photo and art studio."
Nancy stood up, poured more contents into Mandy's glass, and reached her arm to Mandy to help her off the chair. Mandy took her arm. When she stood up, Nancy put her arm around her waist and brought her close to her. She then looked into her eyes. Mandy was sure that she was going to kiss her.
Mandy began to tremble. She wanted her to kiss her. What had come over her. Maybe it was the wine. Or maybe it was because she was still horny. Or maybe it was because she knew that Nancy was the sexiest woman she had ever known.
But, Nancy was determined to build the tension and leave her desires frustrated with anticipation.
"Come with me," she said taking Mandy's hand and walking hand in hand to the other side of the room towards another hallway.
She followed Nancy's lead, taking the wine glass with her as they walked down the hall of the large house to Nancy's studio. She looked at Nancy from behind. Underneath the nighty, she was completely naked. In this light, Mandy could see Nancy's pussy as she walked.
---------
10: The Art Studio and new model:
Nancy opened the door and they entered the art studio and she turned the low-lighting on.
"Here it is," she said as with a theatrical flair, moving her arm in a large sweeping motion as would the presenter of the stars of the show.
The room was even more magnificent than the previous room. There were different areas of the room, but the walls were not only covered with artwork but there were many objects that utterly surprised Mandy. These were objects and artifacts of the world of kink. There were hand and ankle cuffs attached to the walls, there were dildos, and there were a large array of other sexual items and toys that Mandy couldn't take in all in one sight.
The images on the wall were far more explicit and kinky than those in the "Museum room". Here, all the images were highly erotic. There were images not only of Nancy but there were many other women having sex. There were photos of Nancy having sex with other women. And there were kinky images of her cuffed and being fucked.
One of the photos that Mandy liked was a large black and white image -- perhaps 2 meters in height -- of a man's erect cock as it was ejaculating cum; the stream and droplets of cum captured in mid-air. The photograph expertly depicts how the cum explodes from the hard cock with tremendous force. Mandy secretly wishes that she could put her mouth around the cock and that the cum would burst down her throat.
Next to this picture, there was a large photo of a woman (presumably Nancy) in handcuffs, blindfolded, and with a choker collar, sitting on a man's face so that her pussy is above the man's mouth. A small amount of pee can be seen to begin to stream into his mouth.
This blew Mandy's sensibilities.
"Well, what do you think?"
"I... Uhm, well," Mandy didn't know how to respond.
"Oh, I am sure that it looks shocking," she said trying to remove the importance of all the kinky objects. "But these are just props for the type of photography that I do. Come here, I will show you my photography area."
"As you can imagine, these rooms are off-limits to the children," Nancy said to Mandy with a smile. "It is our little secret. And now you know too."
They walked over to what looked like a stage. Mandy recognized it from the videos that she saw. It was the divan in the movie. It was the divan on which she saw Nancy rub her hot pussy and then take a man's cock into her mouth.
She had sexual tingling between her legs.
Apart from the divan, it looked like a professional photo studio. There were special foreground spotlights, umbrellas for shadows, and other special lights for backlighting.
Mandy didn't know what to say, so she simply
-----
"I can't believe that you never modeled," Nancy said as she pushed a hair from Mandy's eyes.
Mandy trembled. Nancy was so close to her. She never felt like this before with another woman. Here this older woman seemed to be seducing her. And she wanted it.
"Would you let me take a few photos of you?"
"Oh, I don't know," Mandy said reluctantly and more out of embarrassment at the attention.
"C'mon you sit here," Nancy said gently. "It will only be for some fun. If you are uncomfortable, we will stop. OK?"
"Uh-hum," Mandy agreed.
This is so strange she thought.... but ok... she would do it. It was another experience and there didn't seem to be any harm.
She sat in a chair and Nancy put a light on her. The rest of the room was completely black.
In her role as photographer, Nancy directed her into how to pose. First, she took photos of her seated and then standing, front then back, and in different positions typical of high fashion models.
With the passing moments, Mandy lost her initial fear. It wasn't anything to fear. Nancy was so gentle with her and didn't force her to do anything she didn't want to. If anything, in her poses she started to feel sexy.
"Wow, Mandy, you are a natural model. And so photogenic. You are going to love how these will look."
Nancy moved over to the stereo system and put music on. She said it would create a better mood for the photos. There was a fan that blew Mandy's hair back.
"Mandy, do you mind if I also record the photo session with the video camera? It will be so hot, you will see. I like to save the photo sessions this way."
"Sure."
Mandy could only imagine that this video would someday be on the upper shelf of the bookcase with all the other DVDs. Well, how silly of her to think that her photography session would be immortalized. This was her with a few photos. She was not sexy like Nancy, and of course, she had no intention of being naked during the shoot.
Nancy moved around her, rapidly snapping photos as she told Mandy to simply act natural and act as if she were dancing.
"That's it. Very good," she continued to help her loosen up."
"Maybe we could get a shot with your blouse slightly unbuttoned. Would you mind?"
Mandy looked down and figured, "What the heck."
She unbuttoned the first one of the buttons and then a few moments later the next button. She was now fully aware that her naked breasts could be seen and that Nancy was taking pictures of her this way.
"You are so hot, Mandy. Now touch your breasts and look into the camera with desire."
Mandy followed the idea, leaning forward as Nancy asked while she cupped her small firm breasts and pushed them forward.
"So hot. Now pinch your pretty nipples."
Mandy obeyed.
"That is so, so sexy. Mandy, you are such a beautiful young woman. Perhaps we could see you in your panties."
Mandy immediately stopped. She stopped and seemed to be slightly distressed.
"What's wrong? It would be like being in a bikini. You don't have to if you don't want to, but you won't have to take anything else off if you don't want."
"Well, it's not that," Mandy paused. "I mean,..."
"Don't worry, we can stop if you want."
"No! No, it's not that.
"Uhm... I can't", Mandy said. "I...Uhm."
"Don't worry. There is no problem, Mandy," Nancy said reassuringly, acting not knowing that she doesn't have any panties. But she tried to make the suggestion unimportant. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to." She continued to take pictures of Mandy.
But the reality was that Mandy wanted to be naked. She didn't want this to stop. She was struggling within. She was so aroused with the idea of being completely naked and in front of Nancy. hat idea was making her wet.
Nancy continued to snap photos.
Then, as if Mandy had made a decision, she started to unbutton her shorts and slowly lowered the zipper. She left them like this for a moment.
"So pretty, Mandy," Nancy said to make her relax. "You have such a beautiful body."
Mandy felt even bolder. She was finally overcoming her inner struggle and desire. She wanted to be naked. "Why not?" she convinced herself.
In a quick movement, she clasped both sides of the tight denim shorts and wriggled her hips out of them. Once free from her hips, she let them fall her legs. In a sudden moment of embarrassment, she covered herself.
"Oh, Mandy, you are so sexy. I didn't realize you didn't have panties. It is much better this way. Yes, you are so beautiful, Mandy," Nancy said moving in an arc and taking photo after photo.
As Mandy became now more comfortable.
"See, there is nothing to worry about,"
Nancy began taking pictures as Mandy bashfully tried to cover her naked pussy with one of her hands. She knew with time, that Mandy would eventually lose her embarrassment.
That is so hot. Now can you turn around and we can get some pictures of you from behind.
Mandy turned around as she asked.
"So hot," she said. "You have such a lovely back and bum. Can you bend down a bit?"
Mandy knew that if she did, her pussy would be seen from behind. But she did as she was asked.
Nancy moved in closer and took several photos focused on the crease of her ass and she could almost make out the back of her pussy.
"So pretty, Mandy. Now open your legs a bit more."
With her back to the camera, she didn't feel so ashamed, so she opened her legs and leaned forward as Nancy asked. Now her pussy and anus were visible. Nancy moved up onto the stage and was less than a meter from her. She took very close-up pictures of her naked pussy; so close that she could see the small beads of liquid seeping from her entrance and run down her inner thighs.
These photos continued for at least 15 or 20 minutes, Nancy suggesting all types of erotic and revealing positions. Mandy complied with all of Nancy's demands. The whole process had made her so aroused that she wanted to rub her pussy to orgasm.
--
"Can I take some pictures of you with a few kinky props? They are only for the photos."
"Uhm, sure," Mandy responded reluctantly, but secretly very turned on. Her body was betraying her. Her pussy was dripping wet.
"Great. I will be right back."
11. Preparing the after-dinner cherry dessert
Nancy brought back a bowl of cherries, a dog collar and leash, and ankle and wrist cuffs. She put the collar and cuffs on a table but brought the bowl of cherries on the stage where Mandy was sitting naked, except for her transparent blouse that was completely unbuttoned now.
Mandy immediately realizes it is a similar scene in the movie. By now, she is so aroused that what she wants to do is rub her pussy to orgasm.
"Do you think you would like to take your shirt off now? You have very pretty breasts and nothing to be ashamed about."
"Well, they are bit small," Mandy looked down.
"Nonsense, they are perfect. And your pointy pinkish-brown nipples are so erotic."
Mandy grinned and bashfully removed the shirt, discarding it on the side of the divan.
"First, let's take some pictures with these cherries against your smooth white skin. The stark contrast of the burgundy red cherries against will be so erotic. Take one of them and hold it up to your mouth."
Mandy brings it to her mouth.
"Oh, Mandy, you have such a supple mouth. That's it, kiss the cherry and put it between your mouth slightly open."
Nancy comes closer, snapping photos, and directing her what to do with the cherries.
"Mmm.... Now run it down your neck. Slowly, very slowly."
Mandy let out a gasp. She was losing herself in the moment. It was as if she were masturbating alone and there was nobody else with her except for the voice of Nancy. Also, with all the spotlights focused on her, and the rest of the room dark, Nancy appeared as a shadow, moving around her snapping photos.
"Do you like that, Mandy? Tell me how much."
"Yes," Mandy managed to say softly between gasps.
"How much. Tell me."
"A lot. It feels so good."
"Now rub it on the tip of your hard nipple."
Mandy obeyed, letting the plump juicy cherry roll over her hardened nipple. They could almost be the same color in this intense light.
"Mmm, very good. And now, run it down your tummy."
Mandy moved the cherry down her flat firm tummy, letting it roll down her body. Nancy snapped photo after photo as the cherry reached its final destination: Mandy's pussy.
"So hot, Mandy. Now rub it between the lips of your pussy."
Mandy didn't need more encouragement, she first moved it over the lips. She began to pant as the cherry first rolled back and forth, very lightly like a feather over her lips. She wanted to put pressure on her clit. She then held the cherry firmly and pushed slightly, parting the folds of her pussy, drenching it in her juices.
"That is so hot Mandy. You are such a sexy beautiful girl. If you can hold it for a moment, I would like to get a close-up picture. Is that ok?"
"Yes," Mandy said panting and pleading for release, while she squeezed her breasts and held the cherry between the lips of her pussy.
The cherry glistened with Mandy's inner cream that has been escaping her hot entrance.
Nancy snapped photo after photo of the hot cherry, at the entrance of Mandy's entrance, as the light reflected off its surface and a tiny stream of white pussy juice coated it and Mandy's fingers.
"Oh yes, Mandy. The contrast of the deep red of the cherry against your pink labia is so enticing. It is the most erotic thing I have ever seen. I think we shall develop this in Black and white except for the cherry up against your pussy."
Mandy loved this attention. She was lost in the moment.
"Mandy, I think it would be really erotic if you slip the cherry inside so that only the stem is sticking out. Would you do that?"
Without any great effort, Mandy pushed slightly and the cherry slipped into her tight entrance.
"So hot. Now rub your clit. It will be so hot with the step sticking out."
Nancy took many photos of the cherry lodged inside as Mandy rubbed back and forth against the nub of her clit.
"Maybe you can put another one inside."
Mandy reached for another cherry began to rub it along the outside of pussy as before. It was completely wet with her juices.
"Mandy, can I taste one of the cherries?" Nancy asked.
Mandy reached for one of the cherries from the bowl.
"No, not those cherries. Those that are buried in your pussy...."
12. A tasty dessert
Nancy took off her robe and was now completely naked. She kneeled on the floor and crawled on all fours up the stage. Mandy watched her approach with movements like a cat as she had seen in the video. During this entire time, Nancy had been recording the scene with the video camera. This would certainly be one of the best in their private cinematic collection.
When Nancy approached, she parted Mandy's leg and positioned herself so that she was only inches from Mandy's pussy. She then looked up into Mandy's eyes.
Mandy was frozen. She was lost in desire and anticipation of Nancy's touch.
"Can I kiss you, Mandy?"
"Yes," Mandy whimpered. "Please."
Nancy began to plant delicate kisses on Mandy's inner thighs, with each moment, slowly moving towards her pussy. Mandy still had her fingers on the cherry that was between her pussy lips. Nancy kissed her wet fingers and then let her tongue run from the bottom of her pussy to her clit. She then took the cherry that Mandy had in her fingers, wet from her pussy juice, and ate it.
Mandy watched as she savored the taste.
"I love the taste of your pussy on the cherry," Nancy said to her in a sexy voice.
Nancy then moved up and kissed Mandy on the mouth. At first, the kiss was gentle, but then it turned into a passionate French kiss where their tongues swirled together.
She broke from the kiss and returned to Mandy's pussy. For her part, Mandy moved her hips to meet Nancy's mouth.
One of the cherries was still lodged in Mandy's pussy. While Nancy swirled her tongue and sucked on Mandy's clit, she gently pulled on the stem of the cherry, and then pushed it in again. When she pulled the cherry out, a stream of Mandy's liquid was released with it and ran down to drench her other entrance.
Nancy noticed this and with a finger placed her finger on Mandy's anus and added pressure, using the lubrication to enter only slightly. Mandy jerked unexpectedly, so Nancy stopped. This would have to wait for another day!
After she played with the cherry a bit more, she took it out. While Mandy watched her, she slowly put it into her mouth and savored the mixtures of tastes that Mandy's pussy provided.
"Mmm.... it is so good, with covered in your sweet juice," she said with a mischievous grin.
Mandy smiled back and they exchanged a moment of intense intimacy. At this moment, Mandy would have deposited all her faith in this woman that she just met. She felt that she could fall in love with her. She had never been so intimate with another person in all her life. No one else had explored and used her body so freely and with such acceptance and gentleness.
"Can I dunk more cherries into you?" she asked as she smiled.
Mandy giggled.
"Yes."
"You like it as much as I do. Don't you?"
Now bashfully at what was obvious, "Yes."
"Mmm, I can tell. You are such a good little model. And you taste so good."
With this, Nancy rubbed another cherry between the folds of Mandy's pussy, and when it was well lubricated, she plunged it into her tight entrance, so that it made a 'plop' sound. She moved it around, pulled and pushed it in her, and then she pulled it to eat it.
"Mmm, I really love the taste of your creamy pussy juice on the cherries," she said.
After had done this with several other cherries, she returned to lick Mandy's pussy. She teased her. She brought Mandy to the point of orgasm.
"Oh," Mandy moaned as her body tensed in anticipation of her approaching orgasm.
Nancy stopped abruptly, once again leaving poor Mandy frustrated and at the point of ecstasy.
--
Nancy stood up and went to fetch an item that she left on the table.
"Now, back to a few more pictures. Can I put this collar on you?"
Mandy was so excited she would accept anything that Nancy suggested. She took Mandy's passivity as affirmation, she began to put the thick leather collar around Mandy's neck. It was a thick black dog collar with a metal O-ring on the front and back. The collar was of high-quality soft leather and padding on the inside that made it comfortable to the skin. However, Nancy fastened the collar so that it was tight around her neck, almost at the point of choking her.
"It is a little bit tight," she explained, "But it will be better for the photos."
She adjusted it a bit more.
"Are you ok?" she asked gently, as she placed her palm on Mandy's cheek and kissed her on the lips.
"Yes."
"You are so special, Mandy. I am getting to like you a lot."
She then retreated to the table to fetch another object and walked back slowly. Mandy admired Nancy's nude body. She had a moment to ponder the situation. She was here with an incredibly beautiful woman -- the mother of the children that she had been a babysitter. She watched Nancy approach her. She didn't know what she was carrying, at first. Then she saw.
It was a dog leash.
Nancy attached the leash to the ring on the front of her neck collar.
She pulled on the leash so that Mandy would stand up. When Mandy stood, Nancy suddenly yanked the leash to bring her close to her. Their naked bodies touched. Nancy's nipples brushed against Mandy's hard nipples. Nancy wrapped the leash around her own hands, and then pulled with force on the leash so that she could kiss Mandy. Their firm breasts squashed together. Each felt the softness of their breasts touch.
They kissed passionately. But Nancy was in complete control since she held firmly on the leash. Mandy melted under her command.
Mandy felt at that moment that she could be with Nancy forever.
--
Nancy released her from the kiss and loosened the grip on the leash. Their bodies remained firmly clasped together. Nancy looked into her eyes and smiled. She moved her chest from side to side, which made her hard nipples rub against Mandy's nipples again. They both giggled like schoolgirls.
"Mandy?"
"Yes?"
"Can we play a game?" she kissed Mandy again on the cheek.
"Uh-hum."
"I want you to be my 'pet'. Would you?"
"How?"
"I want to put these hand and ankle cuffs on you," Nancy whispered, moved forward, and kissed Mandy on the mouth. She then paused. "And, I want you to be like my little dog."
She kissed her now passionately. Mandy would do anything she asked. She thought this was very strange and so perverted. But, her body betrayed her. She realized that the very thought made her incredibly aroused.
"Will you let me?"
"Yes."
"Good."
Nancy reached for the hand and ankle cuffs and put them on Mandy.
"C'mon, let's get some photos of you kneeling on the floor," she said. "Little doggies never stand. They are always on all fours. The photos will be so hot and erotic. You will see."
Mandy felt a bit silly. But, she was so turned on. She couldn't deny that the thought of acting like a dog for Nancy and being submissive was incredibly erotic. Perhaps at any other time she would have thought it was degrading. But not now. Not with Nancy.
First, she was made to get on all fours. Nancy returns to her camera and begins to take pictures.
"That's it now turn around; we want to get our little doggie from behind where it is so hot."
Mandy did as she was told.
You are doing so well," Nancy encouraged her. "You are so hot Mandy."
Irrespective of being a rational girl, she somehow relished in this role-playing game. It was beyond her wildest sexual fantasies, but she liked it so much.
"You like this, don't you Mandy? Tell me you do."
"Yes, I do," Mandy bashfully admitted her pleasure.
"Hmm, yes. I can tell. OK, now let's put the cherries on the floor and you can practice eating like a doggie. C'mon, grab one of them with your teeth and bring it to me."
Nancy squatted, as Mandy put her head in the bowl to grab a cherry between her teeth. It was harder than she imagined. Then she crawled on all fours to give the cherry to her master, as if she were a dog.
"Very good, my little pet," Nancy said as she rubbed the girl's cherry-blonde hair.
They carried on like this for a little while. Nancy remained squatted as she took close-up photos of Mandy retrieving cherries with her mouth and then delivering them to her one at a time. She made sure to get close-up shots of Mandy from behind, especially her pussy between her skinny ass cheeks. From her low squatting position, she captured several shots of Mandy underneath -- in a single shot, Mandy's pussy and anus from behind, her small tits with long pointy nipples hanging as her face was in the cherry bowl. Nancy thought about how she made such a beautiful and erotic puppy dog.
--
"Now, with one hand, I want you to rub your pussy. Turn around so that your ass is facing the camera and I can see your finger rubbing up and down between your moist lips."
As Nancy asked, Mandy turned around on all fours, shifted her weight on one hand while she used her other hand to masturbate herself while Nancy continued to take photos.
"That's it. You are such a nice hot little pet. Aren't you?"
Mandy began to moan. It was obvious that if she continued any longer she would have an orgasm. Nancy reached for the leash and suddenly pulled on it. This jerked Mandy so that she had to regain her balance with her two hands so and cease to rub herself.
"Sit up my little pet into a squatting position," Nancy said.
Mandy all of a sudden seemed a bit uncomfortable. After she drank two large glasses of wine, she realized that she had to pee.
"What is wrong Mandy?" Nancy asked.
"It's just that with all the wine, I need to pee. Can I go use the bathroom?"
"Oh, my poor little pet. Of course, you can't use the bathroom. Don't you know? Doggies don't use the bathroom," she grinned. "Look, you can do your business in this bowl. On all fours, turn around and pee into the bowl. That will give them some taste."
All of their game so far had been harmless fun, but this seemed very degrading to Mandy. She wasn't sure if she would comply. This was a completely different level. She wasn't sure if she Nancy wanted to humiliate her on purpose or if this was part of the same game. She paused and was very confused about her feelings.
As these thoughts entered her mind, Nancy pulled on the leash so gently and looked into her eyes. She bent and kissed her on the mouth.
"Mandy, there is nothing to fear. This is all part of the game. But, you don't have to if you don't want to. You can stop whenever you want. I will not be angry or think differently of you. You are incredibly sexy and I really like you. A lot," She smiled kindly and caringly as she caressed her face.
To Mandy, this was amazing. She felt as if she could do anything with this woman. She had to admit the whole idea of being a pet and submissive to this woman was aligned with her deepest fantasy. And to pee like a dog for her as she was tied to a dog leash was the most erotic thing she could ever imagine.
Now that reality was made clear, Nancy stood up and assumed her dominant role-play of their game.
"C'mon, quickly my little pet. Doggies must pee when they need to. Turn around and pee into the bowl."
With this, Nancy retrieved the camera, squatted and moved into Mandy while she positioned herself over the bowl. These were close-pu pictures of Mandy on all fours taken from behind so that she could see her once she started to squirt her golden nectar. Mandy hoped that when the stream started, it landed in the bowl and not make a mess all over the floor.
"That is so hot my little doggie. It is so kinky and erotic."
Mandy could feel her urge to pee approach. It did take her concentration and effort, however, because she felt nervous by being observed like this so closely. Then all of a sudden, it started. At first, it was a small tinkle that landed right in the bowl. After that, a strong squirt, that sprayed the cherries in the bowls and splashing some of her pee back at her on her legs. But once it started, her pee began in a forceful steady stream. She had never peed like this before, on all fours. She looked down between her legs to make sure that the stream was directed into the bowl, and she shifted her body when it started to deviate. Most of her pee entered the bowl, but also quite a bit splashed over the cherries and drenched her own legs and the surrounding floor.
"Oh, my little pet!" Nancy said as she snapped photo after photo. "That is so hot. What a well-behaved little doggie."
Mandy adjusted her position so the next more steady squirt landed into the bowl and to the side so that it didn't spray outside the bowl. She peed so much that the cherries that they filled all the space between the cherries with her warm golden liquid, filling the bowl to the top.
Nancy captured the entire scene on video and with photos close up.
When Mandy finished, she looked at Nancy and all of a sudden felt shame. Nancy leaned in and kissed her on the cheek.
"You are the most special girl that I have ever known," Nancy said with great sincerity and affection.
A last tinkle and squirt from Mandy, splashed into the bowl and she smiled back.
--
When Mandy finished, Nancy stood up and grabbed the leash. She pulled on it so that Mandy crawled alongside her legs. She looked up and Nancy bent to pet her on her cherry-blond hair. Mandy was playing the role of a dog to perfection. She assumed the role so much, that she felt proud to have pleased her "master" by following her orders.
"What a good little pet you are."
She took the bowl and placed it out of the way on the side of the divan.
"We will put it here, in case our little pet is thirsty later and needs to drink from the bowl.
This blew Mandy's mind. Nancy picked up the leash again and gently yanked on it.
"Come and follow me. We will now go over here to another stage."
Mandy was about to stand up,
"No," Nancy stopped as if to reprimand her. "Doggies don't stand up to walk, they walk on all fours.
She took the leash and walked her around as if she were a puppy. Mandy looked up into Nancy's eyes. She smiled back to her, reassuring her that this was still part of their private game. Mandy tacitly agreed. It was ok.
She crawled on all fours as if she were a dog. Between the stages, She had to crawl on the marble floor. t was very smooth and polished to perfection and did not hurt her. As they walked, Nancy bent and petted her head again as she did before, but this time, she caressed her her ears and rubbed her reddish- cherry-blond hair.
The other stage was in a kinky style and had many different props like a dungeon.
"Come here my pet. We will fasten your cuffs. But don't be afraid. These are for some photos."
She was made to lie down on the flat long narrow tablet. It looked like a gym bench On either side, however, there were metal stands with hooks where her cuffs could be attached. The position and height of the metal bars could be adjusted so that her arms and legs could be splayed out in spread-eagle or any other position.
Nancy started by attaching the ankle cuffs. When both her ankles were fastened, she moved some device forcing her legs to be spread open and raised. This had the effect of making her pussy completely spread out and open. Her legs were now forced open and she couldn't break free of them.
"You look so vulnerable," Nancy said. "Do you mind if I kiss you there again?"
Mandy only whimpered with desire. Nancy squatted down between her legs and began to kiss her inner thighs and then finally kissed her outer lips. Mandy moved her hips to meet Nancy's tongue. But, Nancy wanted her to burn with anticipation and desire.
"Mmm, my pet wants so much to have an orgasm. Yes, I can tell." she teased. "However, not yet, my little pet."
She stopped and then moved around her. She then fastened her handcuffs on the other side to chains. Once again she pulled a chain that moved a mechanical device spreading Mandy's arms out until they were taught and immobile.
"We are going to cover your eyes, OK? This will make the photos so much more erotic."
Mandy whimpered.
Nancy took a thick black blindfold and covered Mandy's eyes. Now Mandy was completely at the mercy of her captor. It was her wildest fantasy come true. She was completely helpless to the whims of this woman that she barely knew. Also, since she was blindfolded, she felt even more helpless. She could only sense what happened with a heightened sense of sound.
Nancy positioned herself between her legs and began to lick. Mandy gasped. Nancy brought her once again nearly to the point of orgasm and stopped. She was going out of her mind.
She tried to wriggle her body so that her hips would meet Nancy's tongue and help her get off, but since her legs and arms were cuffed and spread out, she was helpless.
Nancy stopped licking her. She heard her move behind her. She was not sure what she was doing. For a few minutes, she sensed her above her but wasn't sure what she was doing. Then she realized that Nancy was rubbing her pussy right above her face. She could hear the slurping sound as her fingers penetrated her entrance. Then she heard Nancy gasp as she sensed that she was exerting more and rubbing her pussy faster.
Then, all of a sudden, Nancy squatted down on Mandy's face. Mandy felt her wet pussy brush against her nose and engulf her mouth.
"Lick me, my pet," Nancy said with a hoarse and guttural voice. "Please lick me."
Nancy moved very slowly back and forth, grinding her wet pussy over Mandy's face, each time engulfing Mandy's nose in her slippery entrance. Mandy had never tasted another woman. She was so aroused. Nancy smelled so erotic and poignant in her sexual arousal. She kissed and slowly began to lick as Nancy slowly.
"C'mon, Mandy, my little pet. Little puppies like to lick. Lick my pussy hard."
Mandy obeyed trying to please Nancy. She stuck her tongue out and opened her mouth completely to suck on Nancy's pussy. Nancy moved up and down faster and then would grind her pussy against her mouth and face. As she moved back and forth, Mandy's entire face seemed to be engulfed between Nancy's pussy, drenching her completely in the woman's fluids.
During all of this, Mandy was lost in the moment but thought she heard the sound of someone entering the room. It must have been her imagination because then she heard nothing else except Nancy grinding on her face.
Then all of a sudden, she felt a tongue on her pussy. She was startled and jumped.
Nancy stopped grinding and bent down to kiss Mandy on the mouth.
"My lovely dear," she said. "Relax and don't be afraid. It is only my husband. He wants to join in our little game. I hope you don't mind. He won't hurt you or do anything you don't want. He will only kiss you there. Nothing else. OK?"
Mandy couldn't speak with her face buried in Nancy's pussy, but she seemed to relax and nodded her head, indicating that she was ok with it.
He is so gentle, but it feels so different from the soft touch of Nancy. Also, he began to use one of his large fingers on her clit, while another he began to insert into his entrance. The feeling for Mandy was so exquisite, that she began to gyrate her hips to maximize the sensation.
The experience was completely erotic and surreal. Despite being like this with this couple that she barely knew, Mandy felt safe. She felt she could trust them. But it was absurd. She was completely helpless, bound in cuffs and blindfolded. Nancy returned to grinding her pussy against Mandy's mouth as Greg licked her pussy and fucked her with his fingers.
After a few moments, Nancy got off Mandy and seemed to walk away. Mandy heard her return after a moment.
"Greg, do want some cherries?" Our lovely new 'au pair' has prepared some cherries in her special Chardonnay."
Mandy listened as Nancy kneeled next to her husband, both between her legs.
"Honey, look how our pet's golden liquid is mixed here with the cherries," she said. "Here, try one."
"Mmm they are so good," he said.
"They are even better in her warm creamy juices. Do you want to try some? She likes it when they are dunked inside her. You will see. "
"Sure."
Mandy then felt Greg rubbing one of the cherries between her lips and then plunging it gently into her entrance. He moved it in and out as Nancy had done. The feeling was exquisite. But more, it was the entire erotic moment of being used like this.
He then pulled it out.
She heard Nancy whisper to Greg, "Look how it is covered in her warm pussy juice. Put it in your mouth."
"Mmm.." he moaned in agreement as she heard him eating the cherry that was pulled from her pussy..
They continued like this for several moments, taking turns pushing cherries into her pussy and then eating them
Then Mandy heard Nancy whisper to her husband in a low voice,
"I am so horny now, Greg," she groaned. "Our little pet has turned me on so much. Please fuck me."
Mandy now felt them moving positions. She then felt Nancy between her legs, and she felt her tongue on her pussy. She began to lick.
Then all of a sudden she lunged forward and grunted. Mandy's intuition knew what had happened. Her husband was fucking her from behind doggy style.
Nancy continued to suck on Mandy's pussy, as her husband fucked her from behind. With each thrust, she lunged forward into Mandy.
---
Mandy wanted to orgasm so much. Now she knew that her orgasm would coincide with that of her kinky employers. Nancy started to grow.
"I am so close," she adverted. "Please, harder!" she implored as her body rocked back and forth and her mouth still on Mandy's pussy.
"Mandy cum with me. I am going to cum and you?"
Mandy panted with each thrust of Greg that she felt through Nancy "Yes. Oh yes. Please"
Then, Greg began to make a low guttural groan. Suddenly he must have exploded inside Nancy because she began to buck wildly in orgasm. At that very moment, Mandy finally felt her orgasm that had been frustrated for several hours finally overcome her. It occurred in shocks and waves and was the most marvelous sensation that she ever had in her life.
Nancy collapsed on top of Mandy and they remained like this for a few moments.
13. Another juicy desert?
Mandy remained cuffed with her arms and legs splayed out as she recovered from her orgasm. Nancy had moved up her body and had rested her head on her tummy, embracing Mandy's body.
As they lay there, she heard that Greg had left the room. Several moments after he had left and Mandy was alone again in the room with Nancy, As Nancy began to stir, she gently caressed Mandy and began to kiss her tummy.
"That was so amazing, Mandy," she whispered. "Are you OK?"
"Yes," Mandy said still panting.
"Did you like it too?"
"Oh, yes. Very much. It was the most amazing experience of my life."
Nancy returned to planting small kisses along her tummy.
"I really like you, Mandy," she said between kisses. She really meant it. Something unexpected had happened. What started out as a simple sexual game had turned into something much more than anticipated.
Mandy was filled with emotion. But she was at a loss for what to say. She suddenly became afraid. She didn't want to be hurt. Mandy was married. She obviously loved her husband, but they clearly had a different kind of relationship. She wanted to say so much, but couldn't.
"I like you a lot, too," she whispered.
Nancy looked up into her eyes and smiled. That simple gaze conveyed a thousand words. It as as if between them, they had transcended time and space and had simply connected with thoughts.
Mandy felt amazing being completely vulnerable to Nancy. She couldn't move and was so exposed, but she never felt so completely free.
How could she be tied like a slave and yet feel freer than ever in her life?
Nancy got up and started to undo Mandy's cuffs. She started by releasing her ankles, and then her arms. She then helped Mandy sit up. She bent and kissed her on her forehead and caressed her cheek. Mandy lifted her head and kissed her on the mouth. They continued to look into each others eyes without saying anything.
She then helped Mandy stand. With the leash, she gently pulled her close and wrapped her arms around her. They both giggled at the idea of the leash. It was the most intimate experience that Mandy had ever experienced. Nancy hugged her tightly and kissed her softly on the side of her cheek and near her ear.
"You are the most beautiful girl in the world," she said to Mandy.
Mandy smiled, "Thank you," she said bashfully looking down.
"And you are my little pet. Right?" as she lifted her chin so that Mandy looked into her eyes again.
"Yeah," she said as they exchanged silently an intimate understanding that only they could understand.
They then kissed. It turned into a long passionate kiss that neither one of them wanted to end.
--
"C'mon, let's go find your clothes," she said to Mandy.
Mandy was about to walk with her.
"Mandy, as I told you, little doggies don't walk like that," she smiled.
Mandy got down on all fours and walked alongside Nancy as if she were her little dog.
"Are you thirsty?"
"Yes."
"Good, my little pet. Let's find your bowl. Doggies always drink from their bowl. And you still have lots of tasty golden liquid to lap up with your tongue."
--
14. A Brief Goodbye
When Mandy was leaving, Nancy and Greg accompanied her to the door. The cab that they called was waiting outside.
"Thanks so much, Mandy", Nancy said. "I am sure the kids really enjoyed you. We definitely did."
Mandy smiled back at both of them. "I enjoyed it. Thank you."
"Are you available tomorrow night?" Nancy paused, looking at Greg and then back at Mandy. "I am sure that we would like to have cherries for dessert again."