What can happen if you get wet well pissed on a friend's reunion evening, get pregnant? become a porn starlet?. The first was out as it was a girlie reunion, but the second, become a porn scarlet.
It started as a night in with the girls I had gone to school with, I was the only one that had gone to uni and was home for the summer holidays after the first year. The others Janis, Zoe and Denise had gone out and got jobs, Zoe had moved in with her boyfriend in a flat in the centre of town and the plan was we would have a girly night in with a few!! bottles of wine and a chick flick as Zoe's boyfriend was away on a course from work.
Well we all met up at 7 o'clock and the wine flowed, we were quite tipsy by the time the DVD started, well it was crap and I mean crap, Fifty Shade of Gray might have entertained us more!. By this time the wine was really getting hold and Janis suggested we have a look on Zoe's boyfriend's computer to see what sexy sites he viewed when Zoe was not looking.
Well there was the usual girly sites and the odd one with some sex on, Zoe was not bothered as long as he only looked and did not touch, she was alright with it. One site though caught Janis and Denise's eye, 'Spunk Bunnies', he had it in twice in favourites and at the bottom of the page a big tag was,
'New Girls Always Wanted'.
"Should we send Zoe's details", We all asked but she begged not to, well as the other two were going steady and I was the only unattached of the girls Janis rapidly typed in my details,
"Lucy Sexy Redhead 19, 40C 30 38 figure etc, etc" until they realised that they were using Jon's email address, that is when Zoe said we had better use Hotmail. Well the others could not for the life of then remember their Hotmail Addresses, well with being at uni I used mine a lot so blurted it out, which Zoe readily typed in, I thought I would be able to put a stop to it if I got a reply.
Zoe then exclaimed that we had better attach some photos, of me, well we were all about pissed, Zoe could not find her camera but came back with her phone, I was not wanting to do this but the wine was ruling my head , a couple standing in my tee shirt and trackie bottoms and a facial shot, that is when Janis shouted up better get some of her tits and fanny, in a second Denise and Janis had pulled my tee shirt up and my trackie bottoms down, Zoe then snapped a few more of me on bra and knickers, then they were over me again and the next I knew my bra and knickers were off and Zoe was snapping away.
As I went to pick my cloths up off the sofa Janis pulled me over on top of her and in a second Denise had pushed my legs apart and opened my lips of my fanny and I could just sense Zoe was taking a photo, well I started laughing and Janis and Denise did the same thinking it was a big joke, you do when you are pissed, Janis had by now removed her blouse and was pouring more wine. My brain was well gone, and in no time I crashed out like the others. The next thing I knew it was 8 the next morning and the others were rousing as they had to go to work, I was only doing a few hours in a newsagents shop for some holiday money three evening a week and I was not working that day.
Well I made my way home, my parents were away, I was supposed to be looking after my little delinquent brother who is 14 but as I arrived home he had not risen. Then I realised that I had left my laptop on the kitchen table switched on, good job he was not up before me otherwise he would have had had a nosey round my e mails.
Well I had an e mail from Mike the guy that run the site that the girls had sent my photos to, saying that he loved the photos and would love to work with me and suggested several scenarios for the shoot. Well I was that taken aback that he thought I was attractive enough from a few drunken shots. But the curiosity gave my fanny tingle. Don't ask why but I mailed him back and said I would model for him.
Over the next couple of days we exchange numerous e mails where he outlined the scenario that he usually used with new models and after he sent me a member's key so I could view his previous models and I agreed to one of his scenarios. It finally came to commit when I gave Mike a ring, he said he was looking forward to the shoot. At the time I was babysitting my brother!! My parents were away for a fortnight coming back on Saturday morning, Mike suggested Friday as I had to collect my parents from the airport on the Saturday morning early on and Mike said that I had to have Certs to prove I was not infected with any sexual disease and these would take a couple of days, so Friday it was going to be. Having the sex tests at the hospital was embarrassing and asking for a letter confirming I was clear, the nurse gave me a knowing wink as though she knew what I was doing.
Mike had also said he liked his girls smooth, and said he would refund anything I spent within reason and to get a fake tan as well. In town there are two beauty parlours and not having used either took pot luck as to which one I went too. Well I chose 'Beautiful Skin'. The receptionist said that as it was Wednesday morning they could do the waxing and tan there and then and went to get one of the beauticians. It was Janis, I exclaimed that that I though she worked in the hair salon on the other side of the road. She said she had moved over, over 12 months ago to get all the skills for her own salon, she said so you want legs, pits and bikini then asked which bikini a Brazilian or a Hollywood, I said a Hollywood, she led me through to the treatment room and gave me a towel to cover myself after I had undressed.
Janis came back in and said which part first, I said let's get it over with. It's strange feeling having one of your friends put hot was on your fanny with strips of cloth, when she had done one side she said are you ready,
'OUCH',
but it died down after a few seconds. As she gave me a minute to recover before doing the other side, we got chatting and she asked what had brought the urge on to be all smooth, I looked a little sheepish and Janis twigged, you're going to have a go at that web site aren't you? I had to admit that I was, but swore her to secrecy. Well we giggled over the rest of the waxing which relaxed me tremendously and made the pain more bearable.
Next was the tan, Janis gave me a towel to cover up as she showed me to the tanning booth, you won't be wanting these she said offering me a disposable bikini, no I said, but you might want one of these to keep your hair out of the way giving me a shower cap. So how deep a tan do you want was her next question, just a nice one you would get after a holiday to Spain she then sprayed me from my chin down, once this was done I had to stand there with the warm air blowing over me to dry it. I then dressed and paid the receptionist, Janis as I was leaving said,
"Good luck," with a wink, I thought shit she had better keep quiet.
I had told Mike I had seen two outfits in the local charity shop, I went in they were still there, one in black and one in a purple blue which is a colour that often goes with my red hair, I think they had come from the fancy dress / costume hire shop that had closed down, both were in a shiny PVC with a mini if not micro skirt and both with lace together bustier tops with a tiny matching jacket that only came to just below my boobs and left the whole of your front exposed, sexy! I think the purple / blue one was a size smaller but I could still get into it when I tried them on, my boobs overflowing the bustier top, so the dilemma, which one? well they were only £5 each so I bought them both, the old girl that was looking after the shop asked if I was going to a fancy dress party, little did she know.
Thursday night came and I packed my bag, all the things Mike said to take, I had a pang of trepidation but also one in my fanny of excitement.
Six forty five and my alarm went off and I knew I could not role over if I was going to catch the seven forty eight train, as the station is over a mile away. I just had time for a slice of toast and some orange juice before I pulled the back door too so as not to arouse interest from my sleeping brother as he would have been all questions as to why I was up so early. Dressed as Mike wanted in trainers, trackie bottoms tee shirt and huddy top, I did not present the image of a porn star.
I had just got to the station and got a copy of 'Glamour' magazine when the train pulled in, it was quite crowded with commuters, but I managed to find a seat and settle down and read. Three stops down the line most of the commuters got off leaving an almost empty carriage. I was so engrossed in my magazine and how the stations had gone by that I got a shock when the guard announced my station and to take all your bags, well it was now or never.
I grabbed my bag and got off, the station was not busy and I spotted Mike next to the coffee shop, he welcomed me and said would I like a coffee, he had someone he would like me to meet, I thought what is this for a moment. Someone else?. But before I could worry he said that as it was my first time he had persuaded Joanne (Jo) who had done two shoots for him and come and give me some support and advice. This is when Jo joined us, recognised her from her scenes on the web site, Mike said Jo would film some of the scenes and also give me any help I wanted, Mike then went through the scenarios and checked everything was in order, my sex certs and i.d. proving I was 18, then after we had finished our coffees he said let's get to filming.
The first part was to be filmed outside in the street, Mike drove up to the street he liked best for the shot, it was in a rundown area of town with some boarded up shops. Jo and I went and stud on the corner of the block of shops, it was quiet with only an odd person passing by, Mike approached,
"Layabouts looking like Tomboys" he said, giving me cheek, I gave him some lip back, and he gave cheek back again saying I was a real tomboy to which I pulled up my tee shirt revealing my bare tits to the camera, saying
"Tom boys would not have a pair like these."
Mike zooming in on my boobs and nipples after about 15 second he said,
"How would you like to be turned into a porn queen at my place, lovely pert tits like those need showing off not hiding."
Then I dropped my top back down and asked what did he mean, Mike said,
"Come back to my studio and I will turn you into one of my cum bunnies," I smiled and I said,
"Where is your studio,"
"Right above the shops" said Mike.
Then he cut and Jo and Mike lead me round the back to stairs that lead above the shops, Mike had taken two flats and made a studio. When we got to the studio which was basically two large rooms with a couple of side rooms one of which was for his Members only evenings and a bathroom and kitchen.
Mike said, "Whilst Jo brings your bag from the car, I want some shots of you entering the studio and getting your tits out". This we shot, but Mike gave my tits a good feeling and this time and tweaked my nipples, good job I had travelled commando with no bra or knicks. We had just cut when Jo came in with my bag, she exclaimed
"So what have we in here to make the punters excited,"
humm
"Very nice, this will set their cocks twitching," as she hung them up on a rail so it looked like they were just props.
Mike had disappeared to one corner and was wanking himself hard, Jo said,
"We had better get you ready for the first cum shot, let's get your tits out and as Mike comes across sink to your knees and suck and wank him off."
Well Mike came across and I sunk to my knees and took his cock in my mouth rolling my tongue round his knob end and wanking his shaft and playing with his knob with my tongue, all the time both Mike and Jo were videoing, I was topless but I still had my trackie bottoms on, after a time I felt his balls tighten and Mike pulled my head back and his cum hit the top of my mouth, about three strong spurts and a little dribble, I rolled his cum round on my tongue and blew a bubble with it before letting it into the back of my mouth and swallowing it. The taste for once was not overtly salty and sweeter than cum I had tasted in the past.
Mike and Jo then stopped filming and Mike pulled up his jeans. Next they both filmed me going across to the rail and getting my sexy cloths ready to put on, they filmed as I stripped out of trackie bottoms and then sat at the dressing table in the make believe dressing room and applied my makeup, a deep purple blue eye shadow compliments my red hair, plenty of blusher and finally lippy. I then put my long hair up, so giving a more sophisticated appearance. Whilst I was doing this Mike and Jo kept saying,
"Nice, just what the punters ordered,"
They stopped filming for a minute to give me more direction, Mike wanted me with nice red fluffy fanny lips so he suggested I played with my clit to get the blood going, it was strange having two people watching you trying to get yourself excited, but somehow I was feeling excited at being on camera and in no time my lips were all puffed out.
I then rolled my stockings on, then standing up the lacy tiny black thong which barely covered my aroused open fluffy lips of my fanny, then I put the tight shiny purple PVC mini or should I say micro skirt on. I then slipped into the bustier and matching jacket pulling the laces so that my boobs gave a lovely spilling cleavage look and finally I stepped into my red stilettos, god I felt sexy just like a porn queen you see on DVD's. All the time I had been dressing both Mike and Jo had been filming me and hinting I was just what the punters loved.
It was now approaching midday, there was a quite a number of people coming and going to the shops below, the weather was really warm, Mike then said he would like to get some shots of me walking round the block, initially I was reluctant. Christ I had next to nothing on and looking like a porn queen, but he said it was warm and what was I to be shy about, in an hour I would be on the web showing everything.
Mike lead the way filming me as I went down the stairs, getting perfect up skirt shots of my thong covered fanny and my spilling boobs. Once outside both Mike and Jo waited at one end of the block and filmed me walking the entire length of the block, I got a wolf whistle from some lads in a car but I felt really sexy and even though I got some 'looks' I did not care. Half way along as Mike had me in full shot I even pulled the skirt up, making it even shorter giving a view of the lace at the top of my hold ups and a flash of my thong covered fanny.
As we reached the studio again both Mike and Jo kept filming, Mike kept asking me what it felt like to be a sexy cum bunny now, and did I want some cock, to which I kept answering,
"Yes, yes and pleaseeeeeee."
"Well bend over the sofa so I can see what you have" said Mike.
With that I bent myself over the arm off the sofa, it was one of the old leather Chesterfield's so the arm was almost at my hip height, I then felt the heat of the lights on my bum,
"That looks nice, look at that lovely fanny and ass and is that some fanny juicy I can see on your thong," exclaimed Mike.
His fingers were now stroking my fanny through the material of my thong, I sighed with a wave of excitement as he finally pulled the gusset of my thong aside and my fanny and ass were in full view of the camera.
"You are a horny girl aren't you," Mike exclaimed as his fingers playing with my lips and circled my ass. Next I felt him spreading my lips.
"Look at these juices, you are a horny young girl, would you like a finger," Mike said,
"Yes please," I replied.
Then I felt Mike plunge his fingers up me to his knuckles then I could not tell whether it was two or three fingers followed, only thing I knew was I enjoying it, I had completely forgotten that I was being videoed.
Then I felt as he started to fuck me with his fingers building up a rhythm and as I relaxed the deeper Mikes fingers went until I could feel his knuckles slapping against my lips, by this time Jo had come round with her camera and was videoing my heaving boobs and making the usual "sex" noises.
Mike then said I think it's time for the real thing and as his fingers withdrew from my fanny, I wriggled out of my thong and my sIit felt his knob end playing with my lips, then slowly going up me until he was ball deep, Jo went back to capture this detail, Mike must have put his camera down as he had each of his hand on my hips as he pounded into my fanny. Mike fucked me like that for it must be five minutes before pulling out and saying,
"It's your turn now," withdrawing and coming round and sitting on the sofa still rubbing his cock to keep it hard.
As I stud up he gestured for me to slip out of my skirt and thong and undo the front on my top so my tits swung free, Jo capturing all this on film.
As I went to straddle Mike's cock Jo was inches from my bum filming the close up of it entering my fanny.
Mike then said,
"Come on now Lucy show us what you can do."
As I started rhythmically to thrust my hips, Mike slowly playing with my tits then moving with his hands to pull my bum cheeks apart for Jo to get even better shots of Mikes cock going up me and no doubt my ass, I would rather he had been playing with my clit.
After ten minutes I growing increasingly knackered showing all those missed trips to the gym, when Mike said,
"Turn round and I will do the fucking."
As Mike built up the rhythm it gave me chance to pay some attention to my aching clit. Jo was capturing all this on her camera, after about 10 minutes Mike said
"I'm cuming," and I felt his cock start to twitch deep inside me, he pulled out and Jo got the cream pie shot of the cum oozing out of me, I then went down on my knees and sucked the last remnants of cum out of Mike rolling it about on my tongue for Jo to video.
As I wiped his cum off my inner thigh and fanny Mike asked if I wanted to go straight into the solo or have a break, I said I would have a break to get my breath back.
Jo went into the kitchen to make a brew and Mike pulled his jeans and tee shirt back on, I was stud there in just my heals and stockings, Mike said,
"It's up to you now what do you want to start off wearing and where do you want to be shot, there is the sofa, the bed, the giant bean bag or on the sheep skin rug."
I was just deciding when Jo gave me my cuppa, god being shagged is thirsty work, also by now I had lost all inhibitions and was still naked, but I put my cuppa down and slipped into my discarded thong and a wonder push up bra.
We had finished our brew and I said I would like to use the giant bean bag and I mean giant, Mike and Jo started filming again, Jo showed me what toys were available I chose a nice chrome vibrator and a dildo with clit tickler, of course greedy guts picks the big one, it must have been ten inches long.
As I lay down on the bean bag I eased my thong over my hips and down my legs. The bean bag as I reclined into it, it moulded to my body me relaxing me even more, as I spread my legs exposing my fluffy lipped excited fanny, Mike positioned himself with his camera to get the close up shots of it and Jo overall shots and of my face, First I dipped my index and another finger up my fanny for some lubricant, I found Mike's cum was still lubricating! I then went to circling and rubbing my clit, with my left hand I let my boobs out of the cups of my bra so I could rub my nipples.
Well I must have only being going a few minutes of dipping and rubbing, and never got to the toys when I felt my head starting to go and my face colour up, I knew I could not hold it back and my tummy started to rise and fall as the orgasm hit, I hope the walls were soundproofed as I let out a few god almighty shrieks and loud moans, but god it was intense, it must have been the build up and I lost all track of time but I kept rubbing to keep it going, when it did finally subside Jo said,
"That was for real wasn't it, I don't think you could have faked it that well for so long,"
I asked how long I had been cuming for, Jo said,
"A good five minutes", my head was still swirling a little like I was drunk, it was only when I went to stand up that I found out my legs were like jelly.
Jo said, that it was probably the best girlie cum scenes he had shot sine working with Mike.
Eventually I came back down to earth, my hand was still on my fanny and the towel under my bum was soaking with my cum juices. Jo was packing the camera and lights away and Mike was on his phone, and I heard him say,
"It's a little late to inform me of that Justine, I'm going to find it hard to find a girl for the Members Evening on Tuesday night, but you cannot do it, I will have to ring round my other bunnies."
As he turned to me sill lounging on the bean bag, he said,
"You girls and your time of the month give me problems, that was Justine saying she had just come on and cannot do next Tuesdays members evening."
I smiled back and said,
"The joys of being female, what are members evenings," Mike replied,
"It's a Members evening I hold every month, eight to ten guys enjoy being sucked off gather here and one of my bunnies does a strip to get them going then sucks and wanks them off into a bowl collecting all the cum, then in the final sequence she takes all the cum in the bowl in her mouth, before swallowing it all. That's where the official part ends and some girls leave some do some extras for members that want, there usually three or four that are game if the girl is and it can almost double the her pay for the evening, getting well fucked two months ago Amber an older bunnie took on four guys, all at once! But last month Linn just did the cum bunny and was not interested in the extras, it's entirely up to the girl and it pays well, double what you get for today's shoot."
My fingers as Mike was explain this had wandered to my fanny again, and my nipples had gone hard as well. Mike then said,
"So that scenario turns you on then," I smiled, Mike then said,
"I don't usually ask new girls to do Members Nights until they are more experienced, but you have handled today's shoot wonderfully and it seems as though the thoughts of doing it are turning you on which is important, girls that do it just for the money don't do half as good a show as those that are turned on doing the performance."
Mike was not wrong it had excited me had the prospect, I said,
"Do you have a link to your previous Night's so I can have a look before deciding like I did for today's shoot," Mike then said,
"It's usually only the members and the girl that can see it on the net as some of the guys are being a little naughty being here, but I do have a CD of Justine's performance three months ago, for some reason she wanted it on a CD but has never collected it. Justine is a little older than you and had done three shoots for the web site before doing her first Members Night and I think this CD is of her fourth Members Night and yes it shows the extras she did for four guys, as I said it's up to you if you do the extras."
By now Jo had appeared with a SLR camera and said,
"Let's get a few still of you to circulate to the Members as they like to know which girl is entertaing before they come, let's start with a few as you are, those hard nipples and your boobs just spilling out of your bra and stocking clad legs leading to your open fanny look great."
After the reclining shots Joe got me to stand and got some further shots of me, I then went and dressed to return home, in what I had come that morning of trackie bottoms T shirt and hoodie, and trainers far from the glamour's puss I had just been, I remembered to remove the bulk of my make up, I would have looked a site, casually dressed with heavy makeup on.
By the time I had gathered all my other things together and put them in my bag, Mike was sat at his computer downloading the film onto his computer.
"Just to pay you now."
With which he handed me two hundred and fifty pounds,
"You need to sign this as well," it was the model release, he also gave me a paper with my members number and password so I could view myself on his sites and a list of where he put "trailers" out on blogs and forums.
"So have you enjoyed becoming a Cum Bunny today," said Mike to which I said,
"It's been great, I've enjoyed being naught and sexy."
Mike then said,
"So how about Tuesday do you want to be the Members girl this month?" I said,
"Provisionally yes but I would confirm once I had had watched Justine's CD."
Mike smiled, and said,
"I know you will do it, Justine's CD will turn you on so much you will not be able to wait for Tuesday evening to be the centre of attention and as I said before it's up to you whether you do the 'extras' at the end, so I will circulate to the guys coming your stills and get them to watch you in action on the main site."
With that Jo run be back to the station to get the train home, which like my journey in the morning was full of commuters, heck I had, had a more interesting day than sitting at a desk.
I eventually got home at half eight, I was knackered, and little brother was waiting to say Mum and Dad had been transferred to an earlier flight and needed picking up at eleven o'clock. As I dashed to have a shower I fired up my laptop and slipped Justine's CD into the ROM drive I was spell bound by her sexy performance and the amount of cum she extracted from the guys into the bowl was amazing before drinking every last drop, Mike was right she did extras, all I will say is I had never seen a girl as filled as she was!!.. Then it flashed up you have mail, there were two e mails from Mike saying there was a trailer of me on Cum Bunnies and on the forums and blogs he mentioned and to look at the comments, they love me. Mikes second e mail was asking if I had decided about Tuesday's Members Night as if I was not going to do it he would get one of his other bunnies, I quickly clicked reply and typed,
"Loved Justine's CD it turned me on so much my fanny is already wet with anticipation, have you any suggestions for my sexy strip."
"Will e mail you with the time my train gets into the station."
"Lucy."
To be continued in Chapter two.