Please enjoy this new story. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny.
Taylor VanCannon.
A tap on my wrist told me I had completed a one-hour run. Normally, I would get the notification after running six miles, but tracking distance on a moving cruise ship proved unreliable. I slowed my pace to a brisk walk and looked over my shoulder to make sure my husband was still behind me.
"Nice job, Cindy," he said catching up, nearly out of breath. "That should be just about six miles."
I took Frank's hand. The warm Caribbean Sea breeze cooled my sweat streaked body. The exhilaration of running nearly nude on a cruise ship with four thousand passengers was a new experience for me. As we approached our lounge chairs, I yanked off my sport bra and tossed it aside. Next came the squishy holding my pony tail in place, I shook out my headful of luxurious red curls.
"You're really getting into this," he said, eyeing my naked body.
Two years ago, on a trip to Europe, we discovered the pleasure of public nudity, or naturism as the Europeans like to call it. It started in Berlin, where we noticed a smattering of naked sunbathers in a large public park. Intrigued, we visited a spa in Bavaria and discovered the exhilaration of being nude in public. People of all ages, shapes and sizes, shared pools, hot tubs, saunas and showers, uninhibited by their naked bodies. From there we visited a clothing optional beach in the south of Spain. The liberating experience hooked us.
"You're not doing too bad yourself." Frank had jogged nude, letting his cock flop from side to side with each stride. I loved his nearly hairless athletic body, smooth and tanned. He was handsome, with a closely cropped beard, like a dark five o'clock shadow. He masked his receding hairline by keeping his head shaved. I tried a couple of laps nude, but my bouncing breasts proved to be too much of a challenge, so I put on my sports bra for support.
"What do you think of the cruise, so far?"
This was not your normal family cruise in the Caribbean; it was a charter, which meant the entire ship was taken over for a seven-daylifestylecruise, a euphemism for what was more commonly referred to as a swingers cruise. We booked it through a travel agent that specialized in clothing optional adults only vacations. We spent a lot of time on the phone with our agent to understand exactly what we could expect on a lifestyle cruise, and more importantly, to make sure that nudists would be welcome. She even gave me a crash course on the swinger lingo: voyeur, exhibitionist, newbie, soft swap, full swap and fetish. So far, so good, and the new friends we've made have been a mix of nudists and swingers. In fact, Frank and I have been having fun trying to distinguish the nudists from the swingers.
"It's our best vacation ever," I said. We were empty nesters in our early fifties and eager to enjoy ourselves after raising four kids. Frank had his own dental practice and had recently hired an additional dentist with an eye to reducing his workload. Since becoming nudists, our vacations have been more frequent and focused on clothing-optional destinations.
"I agree," Frank said. "Besides, I never tire of running behind you. Did I mention that your ass is magnificent?"
I turned and gave him a flick on the cheek. I intentionally took the lead for this run to keep his eyes focused on me. As a redhead, I'm used to getting a second look from most men, including my husband. Unlike many nudist women I don't shave my pubes and my fiery red pubic hair really stands out. While my body is far from perfect, I enjoy the extra attention my hair attracts. Besides, Frank had plenty of eye candy to distract him, so I was grateful for the complement. "My pleasure."
Surprisingly, many swingers are not nudists, which makes no sense to me. Especially since the swingers we've met so far tend to wear provocative clothing. Last night at dinner we sat with three other couples, all of whom we assumed to be swingers. At first I felt uncomfortable, like we didn't quite fit in. However, they quickly put us at ease and assured us that everybody was welcome on the ship regardless of whatever personal boundaries they set for themselves. It was a delightful meal, even though the conversation tended towards the erotic. It certainly opened my eyes and hinted at what went on in the variousplayrooms. I noticed that Frank listened intently.
We walked down to the pool deck and rinsed off in the outside shower. After a nice soak in the hot tub, we returned upstairs to catch some late afternoon sun in our lounge chairs, and do a little people watching. It didn't take long to notice a steady stream of couples heading up a nearby stairway. I tapped Frank on the arm. "See all those people headed for the upper deck?"
Frank grinned at me. "That's deck thirteen, the outside playroom. I thought you weren't into... you know, the whole swinger thing."
Slightly embarrassed, I said, "Let's just call it a natural curiosity. That's all our dinner companions talked about last night. What about you, aren't you curious?"
"Want to go up and check it out?"
The answer wasyes, but I didn't want to appear too eager. "As long as we just look."
*****
As we neared the base of the stairs, a couple wearing spa robes approached from the side. I paused and let them cut in front of us. The man glanced at me, then dropped his eyes for a quick double-take before heading up the stairs.
The woman smiled at me and shrugged her shoulders.
I winked at her. "Don't worry about it. It's a common reaction."
She nodded, I assume to thank me for understanding.
After watching the encounter, Frank gave me a light tap on my ass. "Flirting?"
I blew him a kiss. "Just the usual... checking out my red bush."
"I think that turns you on."
I fluttered my tongue. "Me? What about you?" He nudged me up the stairs ahead of him, no doubt so he could enjoy the view.
The couple ahead of us moved off to the right towards a dressing area where several couples were getting dressed... and undressed. They dropped their robes into a bag and handed it to one of the staff members.
I whispered to Frank, "What's with the robes?"
"Maybe they wore them up from their cabin. You can't be nude inside the ship, remember?"
"Yeah, yeah... only on the pool decks. Got it."
A staff member held out fresh towels. Nudist etiquette required that you always carry a towel to sit on, however, I suspected these towels were for more than just keeping my bare butt off the furniture. "Thanks," I said with a nervous smile. Ahead was a table piled high with an assortment of condoms, along with a basket of personal lubrication packets. I turned back to Frank and whispered, "I don't think we're in Kansas anymore."
Frank chuckled and nudged me forward. The large upper deck was broken up into smaller spaces by staggered glass windbreaks. Each space contained several padded lounge chairs and semi-private wicker clamshells with room for two. A unique addition for this cruise was several king-size platform beds mixed in with the regular deck furniture.
I gripped Frank's arm, digging my fingers into his bicep as we entered the first space. To our left, a couple stretched out on a pair of lounge chairs, naked. The women idly stroked her partner's hard cock as if putting it on display. I momentarily locked eyes with her and wondered why she was doing a half-assed job of jacking her man.
Frank sensed my discomfort and turned me away.
"What was that all about?" I whispered.
Frank's voice was barely audible. "I'm not sure... I think she was showing off his cock... you know, to see if you'd go for it."
"Jeez, Frank, that's not funny."
"Sorry," Frank said, "but you have to admit, it was pretty damn audacious!"
"I guess," I said, moving towards one of the clamshell beds. We stopped alongside another couple who were peering into an occupied clamshell. I could hear the telltale slapping of a couple fucking, but couldn't see into the clamshell, so we moved on.
Frank guided me towards the nearest occupied platform bed where two couples stood, watching the action. It felt awkward, but I took a deep breath and squeezed in between the couples who made room for us.
Frank wrapped his arm around me and pulled me in close. I draped my arm over his shoulders. Not two feet away from us a woman was sucking a hard cock while she rode her man's face. Next to them another couple were doing the same thing, but facing the other way. My eyes darted back and forth, between a wet pussy being licked and a wet cock being sucked. "That's called a soft swap," I whispered to Frank.Did I just make the leap from nudist to voyeur?
Frank squeezed my ass. I glanced down, grateful to see his cock was still soft.Could I do this? Have sex with Frank while people watched... I don't think so.
We were about to move on when both women stood and switched partners. The gals straddled the guys' cocks and fucked them cowboy style. My eyes were glued to a bouncing ass revealing all with each downward thrust. I guess the soft swap was just foreplay for a full swap. Giddy with excitement, I slid my hand down Frank's back and gave his ass a gentle squeeze. I glanced down to confirm my suspicions that watching these women was getting him hard.
I nibbled his earlobe. "You like?"
He responded by pulling me even closer. The woman next to me tossed her towel to the floor and dropped to her knees to inhale her man's cock. I glanced back at Frank's cock.Could I do that... with people all around me?Fearful that he might expect me to, I nudged him with my hip. "Let's move on."
As we walked past the next partition, I could see that every lounge, clamshell and bed was occupied and nearly every one of them had couples watching. I left it up to Frank to pick a spot... and he picked a doozy.
A young Asian woman perched on her hands and feet, fucking a guy, reverse cowgirl. She was lithe, athletic and riding his cock so vigorously that her ass barely came in contact with his body. We were near the foot of their bed, watching his slippery cock slide in and out of her cunt. Her large breasts heaved with each stroke and a thin sheen of glistening sweat covered much of her body. She had long black hair that brushed the guy's face as she rocked her head with each powerful thrust of her hips.
"Interesting choice," I whispered in Frank's ear.
He responded by digging his fingers into my ass crack, nearly deep enough to reach the lips of my pussy. It felt good, and I widened my stance, encouraging him to reach a little further. It was then that I noticed there were two other couples on the bed. The women spoke in a language I couldn't understand and appeared to be encouraging their friend. Like the first couple I encountered, they seemed to do just enough stroking to keep their men hard, but no more.
Frank nuzzled my neck. "It looks like she's about to get her man off."
"I think her name is Jade," I said, "at least that's the only word I could understand."
Frank nodded and returned his attention to Jade.
I could hear the telltale signs of the man about to blow his load. His head rocked back and forth and he grunted with each downward thrust of Jade's hips. "There he goes," I said a little too loudly. The woman standing next to me turned and smiled.
He did not try to mask his loud pulsing orgasm. Jade continued to pump him as though nothing had happened.
"Check that out," Frank said, as if nobody else would notice.
Thick white cum coated his cock and foamed up from Jade's continued pumping. The image of a barista steaming milk for a cappuccino flashed through my mind. She kept at it until his softening cock slipped out of her foamy cum soaked cunt.
I was sure I knew what I would see when I glanced down at Frank's cock. At three-quarter mast, I was only partially right. But that was about to change in a hurry.
Jade said something I couldn't understand to the two couples beside her. When I saw the two girls roll condoms over their guy's hard cocks I had an inkling of what might come next. I glanced over to the woman next to me. She once again smiled at me and then reached for her husband's cock.Should I do the same?
Chagrined by his predicament, Frank stepped behind me to hide is growing erection. His cock felt great nestled between my ass cheeks.
Jade straddled the first guy and lowered herself down on his hard cock. The other guy stood behind Jade and scooted both of them to the edge of the bed. He slathered his cock with warm spit and pressed it up against Jade's ass, leaving no doubt where he planned to stick it.
"Holy fuck," Frank whispered. "She's gonna take it..."
I pressed my ass back against his hard cock. "... up the ass," I said, finishing his thought. "A double penetration," I added, once again stating the obvious.
The standing guy dribbled more spit into Jade's ass-crack. It must have been plenty, because Jade barely whimpered when he rammed his hard cock up her ass.
I couldn't resist moving up and down on my toes to rub Frank's cock between my ass cheeks.
Jade immediately got to work, pumping both cocks. Sweat dripped off her glistening body as she double fucked both men, pounding them as hard as she could, grunting loudly with each thrust. Soon her grunts turned into wails and it was obvious she was about to climax.
I glanced from side to side and was surprised to see that I was the only woman not stroking a cock. I was about to reach for Frank's cock when Jade's orgasm erupted loudly, turning heads all over our section of the deck.
Exhausted and gasping for breath, she rolled off to the side. The other two gals stripped the condoms off their men and positioned Jade on her back so that her head draped off the side of the bed.
"I think I know what comes next," I whispered to Frank.
He chuckled. "Me?"
I reached around and smacked his ass. "Cute," I said, knowing it was a distinct possibility. I quit moving my ass, just in case.
Together, Frank and I watched both guys jack off into Jade's open mouth. She gulped down both loads of cum before finally throwing in the towel.
"Look," I said, "over there... a clamshell just opened up."
*****
The secluded clamshell faced the bulkhead, away from the action. Perfect, I thought as I stepped around the corner and tossed my towel onto the round mattress. I turned and drew Frank to me. "Is this okay? It's a little more private."
He grinned and dropped his towel, exposing his raging hard on.
Just then, a woman rounded the other side of the clamshell with a man in tow. It was the same couple wearing robes that we first encountered on the stairs.
"Hey y'all," the tall blonde woman said with a deep southern drawl.
I smiled, trying to hide my disappointment at the unexpected intrusion.What was the proper swinger's etiquette for telling them to buzz off?
"I'm sorry," she said, "did y'all want a little privacy?"
I glanced to Frank, hoping he would have the courage to send them packing.
Frank shrugged, offering me no help.
I laughed, nervously. "I guess we're in the wrong place for privacy. It's our first time up here... so this is kind of new to us."
"Tell me about it," she said. "Our first time up here was just as awkward, so believe me, I've been there."
This was only the second day of the cruise, and the playroom hadn't been open that long. "Oh," I said, "when was that?"
"About an hour ago." She winked at me and then glanced down at Frank's hard-on. "I'm guessing you guys just watched the young Asian gal do three guys."
I nodded, sheepishly.
"And judging by that boner," she said, "he won't last long."
I giggled. "So, just an hour ago... you had a similar experience." I couldn't resist taking Frank's cock in my hand and slowly stroking it.
She nodded. "Billy was so horny after watching a threesome go at it... well, he popped in less than thirty seconds." She pumped her fist in front of her mouth, leaving no doubt what she was referring to.
"And now you're back... for more?"
"You got that right, sister. Only this time it's my turn. By the way, my name's Brenda." She extended her hand.
I reflexively took it without thinking about where it might lead. "I'm Cindy, and this is my husband, Frank."
"Good to meet you," Brenda said, pumping my hand exuberantly. "Y'all mind if we watch?"
I took a deep breath. I couldn't believe that I was about to blow my husband in front of another couple. However, after the mini gang-bang we'd just witnessed, this seemed tame by comparison. "Not at all," I said, feeling a sudden rush of confidence.
Cindy sat down next to me and wrapped her arm around Billy's butt, pulling him in close.
I took a deep breath and pulled Frank's upright cock down to my mouth; I wrapped my lips around its bulbous head. He moaned softly as I teased it with my tongue.
Brenda gently massaged my back between my shoulder blades. At first I thought it was Frank until I realized that both his hands were caressing my head as I sucked him. The sensuous touch of another woman gave me an unexpected rush of pleasure.
I glanced over to Brenda, unsure what her intentions were.
"Honey, you're doing great... just go for it."
Whatever misgivings I had quickly evaporated. Besides, her hand felt good. Returning my focus to Frank, I cupped his balls and slathered his shaft with saliva.
"Oh fuck, Baby, that feels so good."
I forced my head down onto his cock, taking most of it into my mouth. I squeezed his balls as I bobbed my head up and down.
"Ahhh," he moaned.
I pulled off his cock and wrapped my fingers around his slippery shaft. I stole a quick glance over to Brenda and Billy; she fondled his stiffening cock as they watched us. I gave Frank's cock several quick strokes, knowing it would get him close.
"Oh yeah, Honey," he said, gasping for breath. "Make me come."
I felt a sudden rush of adrenaline and couldn't resist the urge to show off for our new friends. "Do you want to come in my mouth?" I gazed up into his eyes to watch his reaction.Did I just graduate from voyeur to exhibitionist?
"Fuck yes," Frank said.
I opened my mouth and jacked him... hard, eager to put on a show for Brenda and Billy.
"Aaaragh."
I only needed five strokes to flood my mouth with his hot cum. I wrapped my lips around his shaft to prevent any cum from dribbling out and stroked him dry. I leaned my head back and let him watch me swallow. I didn't look, but I'm sure it impressed Brenda and Billy.
*****
I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand. Frank had a smug look of satisfaction as he sat down next to me. I took a deep breath to calm my nerves. I had been the one who insisted we weren't interested in swinging, but after blowing my husband it front of Brenda and Billy, I was so fucking horny that I couldn't think straight.
"Y'all did wonders for Billy's cock," Brenda said. "I think he's ready to go again."
I snuck a quick peek. His hard cock was slightly longer and thicker than Frank's. Their stark white tan lines suggested that neither one of them were nudists. Like Frank, Billy kept his head shaved; his neatly trimmed goatee was sprinkled with a touch of grey. He struck me as reserved, almost distinguished. Brenda was just the opposite, bubbling with energy. Her eyes twinkled as she spoke, her hands animated.
Frank whispered into my ear. "How horny are you?"
What was he suggesting?I glanced back at Billy's cock and confirmed that Brenda's assessment was spot on; he was definitely ready for another go.What the fuck do I do now?
Frank sensed my quandary and let me off the hook, at least for the moment. "How long have you guys been swingers?"
Brenda chuckled and looked up at her husband.
Billy shrugged his shoulders. "Truth is, we're not swingers... yet. But when we first saw you we both thought you-."
Brenda interrupted her husband. "The real truth is, Billy has a thing for redheads... that's why we followed you over here."
I grinned, impressed by Billy's moxie. I scooted back, deeper into the clamshell, and lay back to give him a better look at my fiery red muff. When I saw his eyes drop, I fluffed up my pubes for good measure; I couldn't resist tempting him. "Is this what you came to see?"
Billy licked his lips and smoothed out his neatly trimmed mustache. He remained quiet, unsure how to react.
I whispered to Frank. "I can't help myself... I'm so fucking horny!"
Frank slipped his hand under my knee and lifted my leg just enough to open my glistening crack. What Frank said next both shocked me... and emboldened me. "It's all yours Billy... if you've got a taste for it."
Billy's eyes nearly popped out of his head, and he took a step towards me.
Brenda released her husband's cock and rubbed my tummy. "You sure you're ready to do this, Sweetie?"
My lust got the better of me and I spread my legs, all but asking Billy to go down on me.
He was tentative at first, content to nuzzle his face in my red pubes.
Craving more, I nudged his head down until I felt his moist lips on my labia. I was stunned by the ease with which I made the leap from nudist to swinger. It gave me the same sense of exhilaration I experienced the first time I disrobed in the presence of other people. I moaned softly when I felt his tongue part my lips and enter me.
Frank fondled my breast and tweaked my erect nipple. If he was the least bit jealous, I couldn't detect it.
"Mmmm," I cooed, delighted by the attention of both men.
I was just coming to grips with another man's tongue in my cunt when Brenda leaned over and sucked my other nipple. I gasped.
"Can you come?" Frank asked, a little too loud. I was sure both Brenda and Billy heard him.
I turned my head and kissed him on the lips, probing his mouth with my tongue. Although Billy's tongue felt great, I knew it wouldn't be enough to get the job done.How do I tell my husband I'm craving another man's cock?
Frank broke off our kiss and gazed into my lust filled eyes. He understood instantly what I wanted. "Are you sure?"
I licked my lips and nodded, ever so slightly.
Billy looked up at me, unsure why I had pushed him away from my crotch.
With his eyes still locked onto mine, Frank asked me, "How do you want Billy's cock?"
Billy grinned, eagerly awaiting my answer.
Brenda let go of my nipple and looked up.
"Doggie," I said, without hesitation. I turned to Brenda. "If that's okay with you?"
Brenda shocked me by reaching for my crotch. "Honey, I'd fuck you myself if I could... but I reckon I'll have to settle for watching Billy do it."
Her hand felt amazing. I pulled her to me and kissed her on the lips.
She responded by pressing her tongue between my lips... and a finger into my cunt. Enthralled, I momentarily forgot that I had just agreed to fuck her husband.
"Honey," Billy said, exasperated.
Brenda broke off our kiss. "We'll continue this later," she whispered to me, "after I get Billy ready to fuck you."
I watched patiently as she rolled a condom over her husband's cock, eager to have him fill my waiting cunt.
Billy helped Frank flip me over onto my hands and knees and pulled me back until his cock pressed up against my ass cheeks. I pulled Frank to me and kissed him deeply.
Frank opened his mouth to suck my tongue in just as Billy's hard cock filled my slippery cunt.
Frank's mouth muffled my moan of intense pleasure.
Brenda reached under and flicked my clit as Billy fucked me from behind. I was so wound up that it didn't take long for them to drive me to the edge.
"Oh my God," I shouted, loud enough for anyone nearby to hear. Then I erupted, leaving no doubt what was taking place in our clamshell.
Both Billy and Brenda kept at it, prolonging my orgasm until I slipped off Billy's cock and collapsed into my husband's loving arms.
"Damn girl, you got there lickety-split," Brenda said. "Do you reckon you two guys have a little something left for me?"
I rolled onto my back and smiled up at her.
She crawled over me, kissing me... again. This time I forced my tongue up between her lips; our tongues tangled for a moment and then she was gone.Damn, I could keep that up forever.
Frank got to his knees, anticipating Brenda's next move.
She did not disappoint him; she wrapped her lips around his soft cock. Billy penetrated her just as easily as he had done with me.
I rolled onto my side and fondled my husband's balls as I watched Brenda suck his cock back to life. It felt unreal to see my husband's cock in another woman's mouth. An hour ago I would have been jealous... but now... I found it exhilarating.
Billy fucked his wife slowly. Like me, he seemed more interested in watching her suck my husband than he was in fucking her.
Once Brenda got Frank hard, she leaned over and gave me a sloppy kiss and fondled my breast.
Her touch aroused me, so I returned the favor and rubbed her tummy before sliding my hand down to her bald pussy. I slipped a finger between the wet folds of her labia.
"I like that," she said, breaking off our kiss. "But your tongue would be better."
I smiled and watched her flip around so she could straddle my face. I stared straight up at her bald pussy, then lifted my head and gave her a tentative kiss.
"Oh come on, Cindy," she said, "go for it."
I couldn't resist. I slid my tongue up between the gaping folds of her labia and licked her from top to bottom. She responded by going down on me with a vengeance.
"Oh yeah," I said, rolling my head back to catch a breath. I watched Frank's fingers caress Brenda's ass crack and spread her cheeks wide open just inches from me. The beauty of her glistening crack mesmerized me... and aroused me. After watching Jade take a cock up her ass, it came as no surprise to see Frank's moist finger slip into the tight pucker of her asshole.
Brenda moaned with delight and turned back to smile at Frank. She discretely passed him a condom.Was she encouraging him?
Frank knelt behind Brenda and rolled his condom over his turgid cock. I was relieved to see the head of his cock bypass her ass and slide along the wet lips of her pussy; he slipped into her while I watched from just inches away. Now it was official; we'd both graduated from nudists to full swap swingers.
Billy lifted my ankles and spread my legs wide open. Brenda pulled up just enough to give him room to slip his cock back into my cunt. Once in, she returned to my clit, flicking it with the tip of her tongue.
I did my best to do the same for her, but it was near impossible to get my tongue on her clit while my husband's balls slapped against my forehead with each thrust of his cock.
Frank's enthusiasm turned Brenda's gentle moans into primal grunts.
Brenda abandoned my pussy and rose to her hands to give me a better angle to attack her clit. I wrapped my arms around her, keeping her pussy tightly against my face. I kept the tip of my tongue on her clit while Frank pounded away.
Brenda shouted. "Oh my God!"
I felt her shudder as a powerful orgasm gripped her body. Frank and I both eased up as she cried out with each wave of pleasure coursing through her rigid body. Spent, she nuzzled my pussy and rocked herself gently on my husband's hard cock while she gasped for breath.
Billy massaged his wife's back. "Nice job, Honey."
Brenda lifted her head and smiled. "Thanks, Babe... but I think I've still got some work to do." She nodded her head back towards Frank. "I think he has the hots for my ass; are you okay with that?"
Frank pulled out of Brenda and pressed the head of his wet cock against her tight pucker, leaving no doubt what he wanted.
Billy grinned and pulled his cock out of me. "I am, as long as Cindy is." He took my legs by the ankles and jackknifed me, opening up my crack... and my ass.
I gulped. As soon as I saw Frank's finger in Brenda's asshole, I knew this moment might come. Billy's comment was ambiguous. Did he ask if I was okay letting my husband fuck his wife's ass, or did he ask if I was okay letting him fuck my ass too? I froze, unsure if I was prepared to accept the latter.
Frank didn't wait for my answer.
"Ahhh," Brenda moaned, as the head of his cock entered her tight ass. "More... give me that hard cock."
I watched, stunned, as my husband's cock slowly disappeared into Brenda's ass.Had she done this before? Could I do it?
Unlike my husband, Billy waited for my answer. Once again, my lust was getting the better of me, clouding my judgement. I envied Brenda's sense of adventure... and desperately wanted to experience it for myself. But I couldn't bring myself to mouth the words:Yes, Billy, fuck me in the ass.
Brenda sensed my reluctance and licked my clit. It felt good... and gave me courage. Grateful for the reprieve, I eagerly licked hers.
Billy spit on his fingers and gently rubbed them over my ass crack, lightly grazing my asshole.
"Mmmm," I moaned, excited by his touch. I closed my eyes and willed my hands down to spread my ass cheeks open:Give me your hard cock... in my ass.
Billy must have read my mind. I grimaced as the head of his cock forced my asshole open.
Frank watched me wiggle my ass as I devoured Billy's hard cock.
I wrapped my arms around Brenda's ass and hugged her tight while the guys pounded our assholes, eager to get off.
Frank pulled out of Brenda's ass and yanked his condom off. "Aaaragh," he shouted, loud enough to attract attention.
I watched in amazement as his cum splattered against her ass and dripped down into my waiting mouth.
"I'm gonna come," Billy shouted.
Brenda rolled off of me and moved down towards her husband.
I sat up to watch.
Billy pulled his cock out of my ass, removed his condom and jacked himself all over my fiery red bush. Brenda didn't even wait for him to finish before she started licking her husband's cum off of my muff. She then rose to face me, her lips dripping with cum.
I couldn't resist planting my lips on hers and sharing one last cummy kiss while our husbands watched in awe.
*****
Frank's snoring woke me with a start. It took my eyes a few moments to adjust to the dim moonlight coming in through the balcony door. I nudged him, forcing him to roll over onto his side. That shut him up.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. The memory of our playroom experience was still fresh in my mind. I glanced at my watch, surprised to see it was nine o'clock. After a soak in the hot tub we returned to our room to catch a quick nap before dinner. That was hours ago.
I nudged Frank again, to see if he would wake up. He didn't budge. My mind wandered back to my encounter with Brenda. I stretched out my legs and couldn't resist the urge to press my palm down between my legs; a wave of pleasure washed over my body. Of all the things I... we had done this afternoon, it was kissing Brenda that I couldn't get out of my mind.
I slipped a finger between the lips of my labia and replayed the memory of my first taste of another woman's pussy. I sucked my finger to get a quick taste of my own.
I pinched my erect nipple while I gently massaged my clit. I felt myself flush with pleasure and pressed harder. I closed my eyes and visualized Brenda's bald pussy hovering over my face.
"Mmmm," I moaned, oblivious to the fact that Frank was sleeping just inches from me.
He stirred, but did not wake up.
I bit down on my lower lip in a futile effort to suppress the noise of my blossoming orgasm. I kept up a gentle massage, resisting the urge to rub out a quick one.
My breathing quickened as I flicked my nipple... and my clit. I licked my lips, letting another soft moan escape.
Frank rolled towards me and rubbed my tummy, sending an unexpected wave of pleasure coursing through my body. He whispered, "Can I help?"
Unable to reply, I gripped his arm as my body exploded.
He slipped his hand under mine and gently prolonged my orgasm while I shrieked with delight.
I crawled on top of him and pressed my body into his. "You're already hard! How long were you watching?"
"I'm not sure," Frank said, "I thought I was dreaming."
I chuckled and kissed him deeply. I felt his hands dig into my ass cheeks. "Recalling a fond memory?" I asked.
He nodded.
"Let me guess," I said, "Brenda's ass?"
He smiled and pressed a fingertip up against my asshole. "You're reading my mind."
"I take it you liked it... slipping your hard cock into Brenda's tight ass."
He nodded. "I take it you enjoyed watching."
"Well... I did have a front-row seat," I said, grinning from ear to ear.
"What about you? You took Billy's cock up your ass. Did you like that?"
I hesitated. I had been so enthralled watching Brenda's bald pussy that I barely remembered it. "Mmmm," I cooed, "it happened so fast..." I gazed into Frank's loving eyes. "Perhaps I should give it another try."
Frank hugged me tight. "That could be arranged. Do we have some lube?"
"Check the swag bag they gave us when we boarded." I rolled off Frank and lay on my stomach, leaving no doubt how I wanted him.
"Found it," he said, slathering my ass crack with the cool slippery goo. He pressed his thumb up against my asshole and massaged my clit with the tip of his finger.
"Oh yeah, Babe," I cooed, "that feels so good. Push it in... push your thumb up my ass."
"Ahhh," I gasped when his thumb penetrated deep into my ass. I reached down and fondled his hard cock. In my sluttiest voice I said, "Give it to me... now... fuck me in my tight ass."
He crawled on top of me and wedged his hard cock between my gooey ass cheeks. He rose on his hands and positioned his cock to enter me. I lifted my hips, eager to take him in.
"Fuck," he said, as his cock slithered past my asshole and up into my cheeks. "I'm gonna need some help."
I guided his cock to my tight entrance and pressed down on the head, forcing it into my entrance. This time his thrust was spot on. "Oh, God, your cock's so big."
Once in, he lay his body on mine and nuzzled my neck. "You really know how to flatter me."
I giggled. "Am I as tight as Brenda?" I thrust my hips up into his body, taking more of his cock up my ass.
He replied, "Am I as big as Billy?" He thrust forward, pressing me back into the bed.
"Ohhh," I cried out, taking him balls deep up my ass. "Forget Billy, just pound my ass... I want to come again... with you."
Frank complied, attacking my ass with abandon. I buried my face in the pillow and let my husband have his way with me. He fucked me hard, to the point I could feel his sweat dripping onto the back of my neck. Unable to come again, I was content to listen to my husband's grunting as his body slapped up against mine.
"Oh fuck, Honey, your ass feels so tight... I'm gonna come."
Inspired by the memory of watching Jade, I pushed him off and flipped around, positioning my face directly in his line of fire.
"Aaaragh," he cried out as his first rope of cum splatted against my face.
I grabbed his cock and stroked it, painting my face with his sticky white goo.
We lay still until our breathing subsided. "What about you," he asked, "what were you fantasizing about."
I rolled over and looked up into his eyes. He had confessed his lust for Brenda's ass... although I could have guessed that on my own. I took a deep breath. "Going down on Brenda."
Frank looked genuinely shocked. "I thought it would be something..." He let his words trail off.
"Like what?" I asked, curious where he was going.
"Remember the first couple we saw... where that woman was checking you out?"
"Yeah," I said, "what about it?"
"Just beyond them there was another couple... did you see them?"
I giggled. "You mean the black guy... with the big cock?"
"So, you did notice."
"Duh," I said. "I'll keep it in mind for next time. But this time it was Brenda's bald pussy that got me going."
"I had no idea," Frank said. "I guess I must have been too preoccupied with Brenda's ass to notice what turned you on."
I grinned at him, surprised that he would even think I'd go for a BBC. It's not like I'd never fantasized about it before, but really, was that something I could do?I wondered.
*****
It was another glorious sunny day at sea, which meant we could be nude on the outside decks. I spotted Brenda on the far side of the Solarium pool stretched out in a lounge chair. "Hey, Girl, where's your hubby?"
Brenda's eyes lit up when she saw me. "He's off to some seminar... something about keeping it up... if you know what I mean."
"Seminar?" Frank asked, his ears perking up.
"Yeah," Brenda said, "didn't you see it on the daily activities sheet?"
"Must have missed that one... do you think I'm too late?"
Brenda glanced at her watch, then unfolded her schedule and ran her finger down the list of events. "Not if you hurry... it's in the forward cocktail lounge."
Frank glanced at me. "Will you be okay without me?"
Brenda giggled. "I'll keep her out of trouble."
"Okay then," Frank said, "I'm off."
Brenda called after him. "Is it okay if Cindy uses a hall pass? Billy gave me one... just for today."
Frank waived his hand above his head without turning back.
"I guess that's a yes," I said. "What's a hall pass?"
"Ummm, it's just like in high school... when you went to the library. It's permission to be on your own in the halls."
I arched an eyebrow and glanced down at Brenda's bald pussy, bringing back a flood of memories from our time in the clamshell. "Oh, and is that what we want... to be on our own?"
Brenda opened her legs ever so slightly. "You bet, in fact the ship's library is set aside for hall passes this afternoon."
"Seriously?" I asked. "We're just talking about you and I... right?"
"Just you and me kid... with no husbands to interrupt us."
"Lead the way," I said, pulling Brenda to her feet.
We donned our robes for the trip downstairs to the library.
A female staffer stood outside the door manning a table loaded with towels, condoms, and lube. "Welcome," she said with an inviting smile, "make yourselves comfortable. You've got the place to yourself... for now."
I smiled, pleasantly surprised to hear we'd be alone. I grabbed two towels.
"Now," the lady said, "I have to ask... did your partners give you a hall pass?"
Brenda answered in the affirmative. "Absolutely!"
I nodded, not entirely sure Frank understood what he was agreeing to.
"Enjoy," she said, opening the door.
Inside, the furniture had been moved back along the walls and three king-size platform beds occupied the center of the room. Brenda led me to the nearest bed, turned, and embraced me. We locked lips and kissed.
I tugged on the tie of Brenda's robe and let it fall open. I ran my hands up and down the sides of her naked torso, grazing her breasts with each pass. I let my thumbs brush against her erect nipples.
Brenda parted my lips with her tongue. I eagerly responded by sucking it into my mouth.
I slid Brenda's robe off her shoulders, and it fell to the floor.
Brenda gave me a not-so-subtle wink. She sat down on the bed and spread her legs for me.
I dropped to me knees and leaned in, tenderly kissing her mound, giving her a series of tiny love licks. She hadn't shaved this morning, so her stubble tickled my tongue.
Brenda moaned when she felt my moist tongue pierce her labia. "Oh, fuck yes. Give me more."
I pushed my thumb up into Brenda's moist cunt and lashed at her clit with the tip of my tongue.
Brenda writhed with delight, pulling my head tighter into her. "Keep that up, Girl."
I replaced my thumb with my ring finger, curling it up to finger her G-spot. Brenda groaned with delight and rolled her head back as I ravished her clit with my tongue. I used both my finger and tongue to bring her to the brink of orgasm.
The library door opened and a large black man entered wearing a short white robe.
Brenda balled her hands into fists as I drove her past the point of no return. She cried out as I eased up and let nature take its course.
The black man stood quietly and watched Brenda's explosive orgasm unfold before his eyes. A wide grin spread across his face. "Hello ladies," he said, obviously pleased with what he saw. His high-pitched voice caught me off guard. He had a slight lisp that reminded me of Porky Pig. A mental image of a dwarf formed in my head.
Brenda's body stiffened as she raised her head and saw the black man watching her.
I spun abruptly, surprised to see the man that went with the goofy voice. He was the size of a defensive lineman, with big beefy hands. His neatly trimmed beard was speckled with gray, suggesting his football days were ancient history.Could this be the man I saw yesterday... the BBC Frank thought I might be dreaming of... but, what about that voice?
"Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you... would you like me to come back later?"
I nearly giggled at the irreverent sound of his voice, and I softened my tone as I took in the demeanor of the gentle giant. "N-o, n-o," I stammered, "that won't be necessary."
Brenda lifted her head and chimed in. "Did you just watch me... watch me get off?"
He shrugged his shoulders "My name's Jackson, but my friends call me Jax."
I took his outstretched hand and squeezed it gently, wondering if it was any indication of the size of his cock. A BBC should have intimidated me, but somehow his goofy voice had the opposite effect... and made me curious. I resisted the urge to snatch open his robe to see if he was the real deal. Instead, I took a more subtle approach and untied my robe, letting it fall open.
"Damn, Girl," he said, "your snatch is on fire!"
I smiled and glanced down at his crotch, leaving no doubt that I expected him to reciprocate.
Brenda peeked around me, eager to see his next move.
He slowly untied his robe and pulled it open.
"Holy fuck," Brenda shouted, unable to restrain herself, "that suckers's massive."
I stared, in stunned silence. His meaty cock sprouted from a thicket of kinky black hair and hung gracefully between his legs. The dark mahogany color of his shaft ended in a bulbous head which was several shades lighter. It curved slightly to one side and I could only guess at how long it might be. Definitely bigger than anything I'd ever seen before... and it was still soft.
Brenda was the first to break the silence. "So," she said, "did your wife give you a hall pass."
"Not exactly," Jax said, taking a step towards to me. "I think she just wanted me out of the cabin... so she could get some rest."
I smiled. "Maybe she's been getting too much of a good thing?"
Jax chuckled and idly stroked his thick cock with his meaty hand. "Yeah... that's probably what it was."
I glanced back at Brenda, unsure what to do next.
She nudged my arm toward towards his cock. "Go for it," she whispered in my ear.
Jax sensed my reluctance and reached for my hand.
I let him guide it onto his shaft. I wrapped my fingers around it, unable to close the distance between my thumb and fingertips. His cock was thick... and long.
Brenda couldn't resist reaching around and slipping her hand alongside mine. "Let me go first." She left no doubt that she wanted to take the first crack at his massive cock.
Jax ignored her and said, "I'm dying to dive into that fiery red muff."
I swatted Brenda's hand away and pulled Jax over to the bed. "How about we go down on you while you feast on my cunt?"The audacity of my crude demand stunned me. It was only yesterday that I insisted to Frank that we would never be swingers.
That was good enough for Brenda. She laid Jax out on the bed so his legs were hanging off the edge, and knelt between them.
I swung my leg over his head and hovered over his face.
"Damn," he said, in his goofy voice, "that's some fine pussy."
I felt him nuzzle his face in my pubes and leaned down to fight Brenda for a turn on Jax's monster cock. She had the entire length of his soft cock down her throat, leaving nothing for me. I held back and savored the broad tongue licking my wet gash.
Brenda stroked him with her mouth until his erection grew too large for her narrow throat. As she eased back, I licked the base of his shaft, mixing my saliva with hers. The proximity to her lips aroused me, along with the tongue lashing at my pussy. As she backed off the big cock I continued licking, keeping my lips as close to hers as I could.
His nearly erect cock sprang free of her lips and bounced off my forehead. Rather than devour it myself, I went for her lips and kissed her, probing her mouth with my tongue. I was in heaven.
It wasn't long before Jax let us know it was time to get back to business. I reluctantly broke off my kiss with Brenda and sucked in the head of his magnificent cock.
Brenda licked her way down the underside of his shaft and focused on his balls, licking and sucking them as I slurped away on his immense cock.
I could get no more than a third of his shaft into my mouth and didn't even try to get him down my throat. Brenda spread her fingers out to measure his cock. She placed her thumb at the base of his cock and stretched her pinky towards my mouth.
I pulled off his cock. "Fuck, that's big." Brenda's pinky only reached up two-thirds of his shaft. "It's got to be over ten inches." I felt Jax's head roll back and knew he was staring up at my wide open pussy. I gasped when he probed my cunt with his meaty fingers.
Brenda smiled and gazed into my eyes. "You or me?"
As much as I wanted to ride his cock, I was fearful it might be too much for me. I nodded to Brenda, and she eagerly accepted the challenge.
Brenda asked, hopefully, "You got a condom that'll fit that monster?"
Jax smiled and reached into the pocked of his robe.
Brenda smiled when she read the label on the condom: Magnum XL. "This will do," she said, rolling it over the bulbous head of his cock.
I helped her roll it down his big shaft and then scooted back to give her space to climb aboard his freshly sheathed cock.
Jax pulled me back until my head hovered above his. I caught the aroma of my own pussy juices and couldn't resist the urge to lock lips and devour his tongue.
Brenda moaned as she eased herself down on his big cock, stretching her cunt like never before. I looked up to watch as she slowly impaled herself, holding her breath as she went down. She let out a whoosh of air when she finally bottomed out.
I got to my knees and embraced her, once again locking lips with her for my own erotic pleasure. Jax positioned my hips over his face and continued licking me. Our kiss muffled our moans of pleasure.
Brenda broke off our kiss and whispered, loud enough for Jax to hear, "Let's come together."
He obliged and went directly for my clit, lashing it with the tip of his tongue.
I wrapped my arms around Brenda and kissed her, our tongues tangling as we absorbed the pleasure of Jax's body. We moved slowly at first, letting Jax take control of pleasuring our lust filled bodies, driving us towards our goal of a shared climax.
As we got close, our panting forced us to break off our kiss. We embraced, our minds of a single purpose, to sprint to the finish. Brenda used my shoulders for support as she rose up and down Jax's big shaft, pumping him furiously. I responded by twerking my hips, devouring his face with the lips of my pussy.
Brenda climaxed, squeezing me tight and shrieking with delight as another powerful orgasm coursed through her rigid body. I was moments behind her, nearly drowning Jax in gusher of cum.
As our mutual orgasms subsided, I could hear a smattering of applause. I looked around and saw that we had a new audience. I counted three men and one woman in a semicircle around Brenda, all staring intently as we embraced for one last kiss.
Jax's big cock sprung up when Brenda climbed off.
A Rubenesque blond with ponderous breasts said, "I'm Abigail."
It was hard to ignore her infectious smile. "Hi Abigail," I said, "I'm Cindy, and this is my friend Brenda. Are all y'all together?"
"New friends," Abigail said. "I found them by the pool and invited them to share my hall pass. May we join in?" She had a cock in each hand, idly stroking as she caught sight of Jax's monster cock. She took a step towards him.
I wagged my finger towards her, determined to take the next ride for myself.
Brenda chuckled and helped me switch places with her. She guided Jax's cock-head to the entrance of my waiting cunt before straddling his face.
One of the men let out a low whistle as he watched Jax's big cock disappear inside me.
I squealed with delight as he stretched my cunt like it's never been stretched before. I felt a momentary pang of guilt and wondered what Frank would think if he knew what I was up to. Brenda sensed my concern and chased it away with a passionate kiss. "Let's do this again," she whispered.
I felt a soft hand on my ass and glanced over my shoulder to see Abigail standing behind me. We locked eyes, and I smiled, wondering what she had in mind. She wet her finger and ran it along the crack of my ass, tickling my tight little pucker.Oh-oh, is she getting me ready for a DP. Can I do this? What would Frank say?
Brenda's hand on my chin brought me back to her lips, and she devoured my tongue. She used her arms to raise me up the length of Jax's hard shaft and then released me, letting me drop and fill my cunt with his monster.
Abigail slathered my ass crack with cool lube and slipped a finger into my tight hole. I gasped.
"What," Brenda said.
"I think Abigail's getting me ready to take a cock up my ass."
She looked over my shoulder. "No shit... there's three guys lined up... and Abigail's got them all hard. She just rolled a condom onto the first guy behind you."
"Should I let him..."
Too late. Brenda giggled as she watched my expression as somebody's cock slipped into my tight ass. I must have grimaced, judging from her reaction.
"Are you ok?"
I nodded and pulled her back into me. I parted her lips with my tongue and let her suck it in.
Each thrust of the guy in my ass forced me up the length of Jax's hard shaft. Brenda responded by pushing me back down, hard, getting me ready to take the next thrust. My body reeled with pleasure as I fucked my brains out on two cocks... for the first time in my life.
"He's gonna come," Brenda shouted, watching the guy in my ass go rigid as his eyes rolled back.
"Next," Brenda shouted as the first guy pulled out of my ass.
By the time the next two guys had unloaded in my ass, I was ready to cry uncle. I rolled off of Jax's big cock and couldn't believe that he was still hard, and ready for more.
Brenda motioned the woman forward and helped her mount Jax. Her fleshy body enveloped his cock. The guys had pealed off their condoms and spread out on the bed to watch us finish off Jax.
Abigail made a valiant effort, pounding him for all she was worth. She came crashing down on him shrieking with delight as an explosive orgasm overpowered her rotund body.
Brenda replaced Abigail, giving it one last shot. Jax helped by thrusting his cock up into her. I reached under and massaged Jax's massive balls, hoping to get him close. It was all for naught as she too collapsed in a heap of orgasmic pleasure.
"That leaves you, Cindy," Jax said, grinning from ear to ear.
I couldn't bear his big cock back in my cunt... and there was no way I would take that monster up my ass. I dropped to my knees and licked his balls, doing my best to get one of them in my mouth. I rolled the condom off his hard shaft and smother it with wet, sloppy kisses.
Jax moaned.
Good, this might work.I kept up my tongue assault on his balls while I stroked the length of his slippery shaft.
He moaned again.
I felt a renewed sense of urgency and sucked his balls with abandon, alternating from one to the other.
He grunted, loudly.
I pumped him hard, nearly exhausting my arm.
Then I heard it. The telltale moan of a man about to blow his load.
I pulled his cock towards me and opened my mouth, just in time to flood it with a monster pulse of white goo that erupted from the head of his cock. I gagged.
Brenda snatched his cock from my hand and took his second shot, filling her mouth.
I gulped down his cum and went in for another mouthful of his salty goo, only to have it overflow my mouth and dribble onto my breasts. Brenda attempted to stifle a giggle and dribbled cum all over her tits.
Abigail pitched in and drained the last of his cum from his pulsing cock.
Brenda leaned over and kissed me with her cummy lips. I parted my lips and let her suck Jax's cum from my mouth.
The other woman joined us, swapping cum until the last of it had been devoured. "Never done that before," she said, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
I arched my eyebrow, unsure what exactly she was referring to.
"A three-way snowball," she said, smacking her lips.
Brenda held up both hands for a high-five, and we both responded with a loud smack.
*****
After a quiet evening, I snuggled up to Frank and ran my hands over his firm abs. His nearly hairless body was warm and smooth. I gave him a peck on the cheek.
He pulled me in close. "What was Brenda talking about at dinner... doing a BBC in the library?"
I gulped, stalling for time. "BBC? You mean the television channel?"
He chuckled, "Nice try. No, I'm not talking about British television. I saw you blush when she said it."
I reached for his cock in a futile attempt to distract him. It didn't surprise me in the least that he was already hard. "You first."
"Huh?"
"The seminar you ran off to... tell me what that was all about. Billy raved about it at dinner."
"You're trying to change the subject."
I ran my thumb around the head of his cock. I licked his ear. "Wife's prerogative. So tell me... what did you learn about keeping it up?"
He squeezed my breast and rolled my hard nipple between his fingers. "Well, we discussed diet and exercise?"
I stroked his cock. "You're holding out on me."
"It's embarrassing."
I wracked my brain, trying to guess what he was hiding from me. Then it dawned on me, something I'd heard from an old boyfriend. "They told you to masturbate first... right?"
Frank's face reddened.
I laughed at his predicament. "Okay, I'll give you a hint. His name was Jackson."
"Who?"
"The BBC you asked about."
"So, that really happened?"
I couldn't wipe the shit-eating grin off my face. "Let's get back to your seminar."
Frank slipped his hand under my ass and rubbed my crotch. "It was more than just a seminar... it was more like a workshop."
"Workshop?"
He let out a big breath. "Yeah, the seminar before ours was gang-bang techniques for women. Several of the women from that seminar volunteered to stick around... to practice on us."
I furrowed my brow. "So, did you masturbate for them, or did you fuck them too?"
Frank grinned. "Both."
His finger was between my labia, stroking my wetness. I moaned. "Okay, his name was Jackson."
He looked at me quizzically. I rolled up onto him and deftly slide myself onto his hard cock. I nuzzled his ear. "I fucked the biggest black cock I've ever seen. Your turn."
Frank gasped, a mix of shock and pleasure. "The instructor turned it into a competition. Each woman got to choose a team of five guys."
"Tell me more," I said, slowly pumping his hard cock.
"We jacked off... to see which team of guys could finish first."
"And the women... they helped."
"Yes... but they could only talk to us... and show off."
"And?"
Frank chuckled. "I was the very first to blow my load... splattering Amy's small tits."
"Amy?"
"Yeah, she was a brunette with thick bangs and neatly trimmed cunt. Kind of remind me of Jade."
"Nice," I said.
"But, it wasn't enough. Billy had trouble getting off and our team came in third."
"You and Billy were on the same team?"
"Uh-huh," he said, running his finger across the crack of my ass.
I kissed him deeply. "While I was fucking Jackson, Abigail showed up with three guys in tow."
Frank moaned. "Don't tell me you did three guys."
"I did! They DP'd me... one after another while I fucked Jackson."
"Holy fuck, Cindy... you're going to get me off."
I lay still and nuzzled his neck. "What came next, with Amy?"
"Another competition, this time the first woman to get her guys off won. It took time for her to get our team hard... but she was a real trooper. Have you ever heard ofairtight?"
I shook my head.
"Three holes... three cocks."
"Cute," I said. "I guess I missed that feat by one hole. I can guess which hole you took."
He grinned. "I tried them all."
"So, how'd she do... in the competition?"
"Let's just say that our team came through for her. She took first place."
"So," I said, "Billy came though this time?"
"Uh-huh," he said, "although Amy had to work extra hard to get him off."
For whatever reason, his tale brought me to the brink of orgasm. I couldn't hold back any longer. I got to my knees and twerked his cock, frantically reaching for my orgasm.
Frank responded by thrusting up into me, matching me stroke for stroke.
I felt him erupted inside me just as I exploded.
*****
I nearly dropped my glass of orange juice. "You did what?"
"Not so loud... it was Billy's idea," he pleaded, as though that would make it okay.
"Does Brenda know?"
Before he could answer, our waiter brought breakfast, giving him a slight reprieve.
"Well?" I demanded, once the waiter left.
He shrugged his shoulders.
I rolled my eyes. "How long have you known about this?"
"We signed up yesterday... at the end of our seminar. I think it was Amy's suggestion."
Exasperated, I said, "Amy? You said it was Billy's idea."
"Hey, don't get mad... I just went along with Billy."
I took a deep breath to calm myself. I was furious he didn't ask me first, but was also mildly curious about what exactly they signed up for. "When is it?"
"Today, at noon."
I glanced at my watch. "That's in two hours. Where is it?"
"Up on deck... where we first met Brenda and Billy."
"Jeez Frank... in public, where anybody can watch?"
He nodded sheepishly.
"How many?"
"Eight couples."
I felt my initial anger subside with each new answer. I place my hands flat on the white tablecloth and took another deep breath. It was the last day of our cruise, and we didn't have any plans.Could I handle an orgy? In public, where anybody could watch?
"Did you check them out first?"
He shook his head. "The sign-up was for couples between thirty and fifty years old. That's all I know."
I took a bite of my Eggs Benedict and chewed slowly, staring at my husband. The hopeful glint in his eye told me that he wanted to do this. After my mini gang-bang in the library, I had no doubt that I would probably enjoy it with him. However, it galled me that I was the one who had to acquiesce, even though he could have easily talked me into doing it. I took another bite, leaving him on tenterhooks while I mulled it over. "Okay, but only if I can back out if I get cold feet."
*****
I followed Frank up the stairs to the playroom deck. I was relived to see Brenda and walked towards her.
"You're joining us?" Brenda asked, bubbling with excitement.
I walked into her open arms and hugged her tight. I whispered into her ear. "I just found out about it a little while ago. When did Billy tell you?"
She grinned from ear to ear. "Billy? It was my idea... I saw the sign-up sheet yesterday morning and suggested he sign us up after the seminar. He didn't tell me that Frank signed up."
My jaw dropped. That was not the story Frank told me. I turned to confront him when a staff member with a clipboard approached us. "Names?"
Eager to distract me, Frank nudged my arm.
I glared at him and then glanced at the staffers name tag. "Hi Sam, we're Frank and Cindy."
"Everybody's here," Sam announced. "Gather around and we'll get started."
I took a deep breath to calm myself. Hearing that Brenda was behind this gave me the boost of confidence I needed. We formed a circle around Sam. I stood between Frank and Billy.
"Huddle up," Sam said.
Our circle tightened as we draped our arms around each other's shoulders. I discreetly checked out the nude bodies in our group and was relieved to see everyone looked kind of normal; it was actually a pretty good looking group.Who did I want to fuck? I made a mental note to steer clear of both Billy and Frank.
"My name's Sam, and I'll be your guide today. Let's start with introductions. Tell us your names and where you're from."
The group seemed to loosen up as the geographic diversity of our group became evident. After a quick peek at each cock, my eyes were drawn to the women, reminiscent of my infatuation with Brenda's bald pussy.
"This event requires condoms," Sam said. He held up lanyards with several condoms strung onto them. "Keep these around your necks and make sure you take the time to roll one on. Any questions?"
Despite several furtive glances, nobody spoke.
"Come on," Sam said, "I know you're not all veterans. How many are taking part in their first orgy?"
All but two couples raised their hands. That brought a round of giggles and seemed to break the ice.
"Okay," Sam said, "We've got three platform beds set aside for this event. Do you want to establish any ground rules?"
A petite blonde raised her hand.
"That's better," said Sam. "Want me to guess your concern?"
She nodded, grateful to not be put on the spot.
"Anal?"
I smiled. Having been triple ass fucked in the library, it wasn't a concern for me. But an orgy was different, and the last thing we needed to be worried about was sanitation problems. Like a veteran, I piped up with authority. "Let's rule that out."
A collective sigh of relief rippled through the women.
"Done," Sam said. "No anal. Anything else?"
With that little detail out of the way, I could sense the excitement building in our group. I whispered to my husband. "Which one's Amy?"
He nodded towards an attractive young Asian woman with long hair.
"She reminds me of Jade," I said, nudging him with my hip.
"Cousins," he replied.
I grinned at my husband. "Gang-bangs must run in the family."
Frank chuckled. "See anything you like?"
His question caught me by surprise. After a quick look around the group, I said, "The guy with Amy is a hunk."
"Oh," he said, "I didn't know you were into tats."
"I didn't know you were into Asians."
"Touch," he said, giving me a hip bump. "Go for it."
"I might... I've never seen a tattooed cock. Do you know his name?"
Frank nodded. "Amy yelled out something about Jake... when Billy and I were DP'ing her."
"Cute," I said with a smirk. "Mind if I do him."
Frank's wink was the only answer I needed.
Sam passed out cold bottles of water. "Take a quick drink, then pile onto the beds whenever you're ready."
After swigging half my bottle, I was eager to get started. I broke to the center of the group and made a quick circuit, giving each guy's cock a light slap as I passed by. Each of the women followed my lead, slapping cocks as we piled onto the beds ahead of the men.
I counted more than a dozen couples gathered around to watch. As the men piled on, I caught Jake's eye and motioned him towards my wide open legs. Unfortunately, several bodies closed in on me before he could get to me. It felt like every inch of my body was in contact with another human being. Everywhere I looked were cocks and pussies, not to mention the largest collection of assholes I'd ever seen in one place.
"Ohhh," I exclaimed as somebody's finger entered me. Other hands fondled my breasts and ass, stimulating every pleasure center of my body. A limp cock dangled in my face. I opened my mouth and sucked it in. A moist tongue replaced the finger in my cunt. My moan was lost in a cacophony of lustful sounds that surrounded me.
The jostling of bodies forced me off the cock I was sucking. I had my choice of several others, but instead dove into a bald pussy to my left. Her musky scent smelled as good as it tasted. I found her clit and tried to pick out her moan of pleasure from the lustful noises surrounding me. I kept my hands busy, stroking cocks and balls as others sucked them. I flicked her hard clit with the tip of my tongue.
A woman's voice cried out, overtaken by an early orgasm. I wondered if I might be the source of her pleasure.
Jostled again, I rolled up onto my knees and found a fresh cunt to indulge my fantasies. It was Amy. Her dark stubble tickled my chin as I forced my tongue up into her. I was lost in my lust for her cunt when I felt a man enter me from behind. His cock filled my cunt with a quick thrust and knocked me away from Amy's pussy.
"Easy Jake," Amy said, annoyed with her partner.
He chuckled and guided my face back to Amy's cunt. "Better?" he asked.
I was thrilled when I realized I would get to fuck my first choice. I arched my back and thrust back against Jake's cock, drawing it deeper into me. He pounded me with abandon, driving me to the precipice of an orgasm. I cried out, ready to come.
I shuddered as a powerful orgasm gripped my body. My mind reeled with pleasure when I felt him withdraw as quickly as he had entered me. I glanced back to thank him, but he was already off to find another woman.
I spotted a hard cock just to my left and climbed up onto it, ready for a second fuck. I'd barely lowered myself on him when a mighty thrust bounced me off his cock. I rolled to my side and fell off the edge of the bed. Dazed, I stood and looked for a place to crawl back in. I saw an opening on the bed to my right and moved towards it.
By the time I got there, it had closed up with writhing bodies. I stood, unsure what to do next. Before I could consider my next move, a man approached from behind and thrust his cock up into me. He cupped my breasts and pounded his cock deep inside me. I assumed he was part of our orgy group, but I couldn't be sure. I reached around to make sure he was wearing a condom.
He was relentless, driving me to another quick orgasm. I cried out as he held up my limp body. I felt him finish inside me and turned to embrace him, kissing him and trying to climb back onto his cock for more. I felt like a maniac, lusting for more cock.
We untangled our bodies as his cock went limp. He was clearly out of action, along with most of the other men. We sat on the edge of the bed and watched the crowd. Several women were on their knees, sucking their men as they watched the last of the orgy action. I half expected some couples to pile onto the beds and continue the orgy. But it was not to be. The last of the action had died out.
Epilog
As we waited in the buffet line for breakfast, the mood of the surrounding people was noticeably somber. It was disembarkation day, and the party was definitely over.
Brenda waived to me from a table by the windows.
"Hi Guys," I said, dragging my luggage to the table.
Brenda was as bubbly as ever. "Shame this party has to end."
I nodded and took a seat. "I know, it's hard to believe that we have to return to our hum-drum lives. I can't even imagine what I'll say when one of my coworkers asks me about our vacation."
Billy laughed. "That will be a tough one."
Frank joined us. "What's tough?"
Brenda chimed in. "Telling your friends about the orgy."
Frank chuckled. "Right, like that's going to happen. What about you guys, do any of your friends know?"
Billy shook his head. "Not a clue."
"That's a shame," I said, "aren't you just dying to tell somebody what we've been up to?"
Brenda nodded her head enthusiastically.
"Don't even think about," Billy said, emphatically.
"I know, Darling," Brenda said with a touch of remorse.
"Hey," I said, "you can always call us... to rehash fond memories."
I said, "Too bad we live on opposite sides of the country."
"Yeah," Brenda said, "but there's always next year. We booked yesterday."
My eyes lit up. "Us too!"
Billy said, "I can't wait."
I turned towards Billy. I held up two fingers and fluttered my tongue between them. It was a crude gesture, but somehow seemed normal at the moment. "Me neither."
"That's us," Brenda said, listening to the debarkation numbers called over the PA system. "Until next year."
Frank and I watched our new friends disappear from sight as we sipped the last of our coffee.