"He's watching again now, isn't he?" Mark asked.
It had been a few days since The Show, and Chris had been at his window watching me touch myself as I chatted with Mark every night since. The only time I didn't see him was when Mark was over. That time, Chris seemed to keep himself hidden behind his blinds; though I suspected he was still peeking through and watching.
"Yes," I said, sitting on my bed and looking out the open window across the room.
"He's standing in his window, rubbing himself through his shorts."
"You want to put on another show for him, don't you? You like knowing he's watching."
I sighed into the phone, leaning back onto my elbows and propping my feet up on the edge of the bed frame, spreading my legs. My right hand slid down to rub my pussy through my shorts and panties almost involuntarily. "Yes. It turns me on a lot to see him watching me as I touch myself. And thinking about how long he might've been watching before I noticed."
"He must've seen you cum so many times. By yourself: with toys and just with your fingers, while we've been on the phone or texting. With me, while I've been there fucking you."
"Fuck..." I muttered, my head rolling back. My pussy throbbed and clenched at that thought.
"Tell me again: what made you cum for him while you were watching him jerk off?" Mark asked. "What were you imagining, specifically?"
I slid my hand into my shorts and panties, rubbing my bare pussy, sticky wetness immediately coating my fingers. "I was thinking about feeling him inside me. Behind me, fucking me hard. Pounding into me. He was still so hard, even after he came."
Mark groaned. "You want to feel that big cock inside you?"
"Yess," I admitted easily.
"You know he wants your pussy. Watching you every night, whenever I tell you to leave your curtains open."
"Oh my god," gasped, rubbing faster.
"Are you touching yourself now?"
"Yes. My hand is inside my shorts and underwear."
"Take them off," Mark ordered. "Your shirt and bra, too. Get naked and give him a proper show."
I moaned and reluctantly stopped touching in order to strip. Without getting up, I pushed my shorts and panties down over my hips and ass, lifting to get them off.
As I sat up to pull off my shirt and bra, I couldn't resist looking across the street at Chris, biting my lip to keep from smiling too much. He smiled back and pulled his hard cock out of his shorts to stroke.
"Tell me what he does when he sees you get naked," Mark demanded.
"He just pulled his cock out of his shorts. He's stroking now and watching me."
Mark groaned. "It's so hot to think about him watching you like that."
"Yeah?" I asked, rubbing myself a little faster.
"Yes. Knowing how much he wants you. How much he wants to feel your pussy around his cock. And your mouth."
I never would have expected Mark to get turned on by the idea of me fucking another guy. What we had obviously wasn't a typical relationship, but it still felt strange to talk so openly about it, much less to hear him encourage it. It was also surprising to realize how much that turned me on, too.
"I have a video I want you to watch. I'm sending it to you now."
"Okay," I smiled and laid back on the bed, holding the phone with both hands, switching to speakerphone and opening my text messages to wait for the link.
"Just sent it," Mark said after a moment. "Let me know when you press play."
"Okay, I'm opening it now." I noticed that the title of the video referenced multiple cum shots and smiled, knowing what Mark must've been searching for. "Just waiting to skip the ad," I narrated. "Playing now."
As the video started, I saw a guy with a big, hard cock sitting in a chair, and a girl sucking him off. She was focusing mainly on the head of his cock, sucking hard, her lips wrapped tightly around him and rubbing.
"Is that how big your neighbor's cock is?" Mark asked.
"Pretty close," I admitted, thinking that Chris might actually be a little bigger.
"Are you imagining his cock in your mouth like that?"
"Yeah," I sighed, switching to hold the phone with my left hand while the right slid back down to my pussy. I dipped my fingers inside and then rubbed the wetness around my clit as I continued touching myself.
"You want to feel his big, hard cock between your lips, don't you?"
"Yess. I want to make him cum in my mouth. I want to feel it shooting down my throat."
"Mmm. Is he still stroking for you?"
I looked back across the street to Chris, watching his hand slide on his cock. Then I imagined him in my room, sitting down on my desk chair while I got on my knees in front of him, just like the couple in the video.
"Yeah," I answered. "Are you?"
"Yes," Mark answered. "So hot thinking about him watching you. And hearing you tell me you're thinking about sucking his cock while you play with yourself."
Before my mind could wander much further, the guy in the video was already cumming in the woman's mouth, less than two minutes after she'd started sucking. She slowed the bobbing of her head on his cock and opened her mouth slightly wider, allowing his cum to drip from her mouth, a thick white stream slowly dripping down his still-hard cock as she continued sucking him.
"Fuck," I breathed, feeling my pussy clench at the sight.
"He came so fast in her mouth," Mark noted.
"Yeah. And he's still hard," I added, smiling. "She's going to make him cum in her mouth again."
"Yes," Mark confirmed. "Just like your neighbor came again for you, on his window."
I moaned and rubbed faster over my clit, glancing back and forth between Chris and the video. He appeared to be getting close: his eyebrows furrowed, and he was stroking fast. I couldn't help wondering what his reaction would be if he could see the video, too; if he knew what I was thinking about.
"You want to try this with him, don't you?" Mark asked, as if reading my mind.
"Yes," I admitted easily. "I want to see if I could make him cum in my mouth repeatedly like this."
"I'm sure you could. Keep rubbing your pussy. I want you to make your neighbor cum on his window when the guy cums in the girl's mouth a second time."
"Fuck..." I muttered, my head rolling back momentarily as my pussy clenched, my thighs squeezing together. I pressed harder on my clit, rubbing in faster circles. "I'm gonna cum when he does, too."
"Good girl," Mark sighed. I could hear his breathing getting shallow, and the faint sound of his hand sliding on his lubed cock. "I want him to see you cum. I want him to know you're cumming for him, thinking about his cock."
"Oh god," I moaned, watching Chris, focusing on him. I watched him get close and then slow again. It seemed like he was edging, waiting for me to cum. I looked back at the video, imagining his big cock in my mouth, getting him close to shooting another load in my mouth.
About three minutes into the video, the woman licked up the rest of the cum from the guy's first load, and then went back to sucking hard and fast on his head. Moments later, her mouth slowed as his cock and balls pulsed fresh cum into her. And once again she let it drip out, for the benefit of the camera.
"He's cumming again. You want to see your neighbor cumming all over that window again, don't you?" Mark asked.
"Yess!" I hissed, desperately rubbing. I want to see him cumming on his window again as I imagine him filling my mouth, just like the guy in the video. "I'd be rubbing my pussy while I was on my knees for him."
"I know you would; you're such a good slut. You want to be a good slut for him, just like you are for me, don't you?"
Mark's words put me over the edge. "Ohhh god, I'm cumming!" I moaned, feeling myself reach that familiar peak as I continued rubbing my clit hard and fast. And then the release, which sent me writhing and bucking on the mattress.
I struggled to keep my eyes open and on Chris, watching and waiting as he resumed stroking hard and fast. Almost instantly, he was shooting his first load all over the window as he watched me cum. "He's cumming now," I told Mark. "Shooting all over the window again."
"That's so hot. You're so hot, Sam," Mark said, breathing harder. "I'm getting close, too. Thinking about watching you suck him. Touching yourself, knowing how much it would turn you on to have his big cock in your mouth like that."
By the time I looked back at the video, the guy was cumming in the woman's mouth a third time, an even bigger load than the first two. A big drop of the thick, white cum slid right down his cock and balls, then dripped onto the chair. I felt my pussy twitch again, looking back over to Chris to see him still hard and stroking, as the woman in the video kept sucking the guy's cock.
Then I tuned into Mark's words. The thought of him being there too, knowing he was watching me suck Chris' cock, making him cum again and again, was bringing me close to the edge again already. "I want that so much," I admitted. "I want you there watching me suck his cock. I want you to watch him fuck me. To see his huge cock disappearing into my pussy as he stretches me. Filling me."
"Yes," Mark breathed. "Letting him use my slut. Your slutty mouth and pussy."
"Oh god," I moaned. I slid my fingers inside my pussy for a few thrusts, then rubbed the wetness around my pussy, and onto my clit.
"He's going to cum a fourth time," Mark predicted as the video neared its end. "I want you to cum again when he does."
"Fuck..."
"Cum again for me. Cum for Chris. Cum thinking about his big cock filling your mouth."
"Oh my god," I breathed.
This load was the biggest yet. The guy's cock twitched and pulsed as thick streams of cum oozed from her mouth and slid down his still-hard length. She licked the tip of his cock like a melting popsicle, leaving him twitching and covered in his own cum.
"Fuck, I can't hold it! Cumming!" Mark groaned suddenly.
And then I heard him grunting and moaning. I could tell by his volume and the number of grunts that he was cumming hard, imagining a stream of cum shooting out with each sound he made.
"Ohh god," I moaned, feeling myself nearly there, too. And then I was. "Fuck! I'm cumming, too!" I yelled, rubbing hard and fast as my body writhed on the bed. I let the phone fall to my side on the bed and brought my left hand to my chest, squeezing my breasts, palm rubbing over my nipples lightly as I went on moaning and cursing.
"Fuck," Mark groaned as he finished cumming. "I came so hard, some made it to my neck."
"Mmmmm," I moaned, smiling and twitching as I pictured that.
I sat up then, looking back over at Chris as he continued stroking furiously. I brought the phone with me as I stood and walked over to the window. "He's getting close again," I told Mark. "I'm standing by the window watching now."
"Mmm. Give him a close-up show again. Get your dildo and let him watch you fuck yourself with it."
I smiled and agreed, walking over to get the toy from the middle drawer of my bedside table and bringing it back to the window with me. I lifted one foot up to the windowsill, spreading myself open. Then, I brought the toy to my mouth, licking and sucking on it just as the woman in the video had done, describing the scene for Mark.
"Hold the phone up so I can hear you sucking it," he ordered.
I moaned and complied, pressing the dildo into my mouth, down my throat deeper until I gagged, letting it get nice and wet and providing some more sound effects for Mark.
Chris leaned against the window frame, propping himself up with his right arm as his left hand slid on his cock. The look on his face was intense as he smiled at me, watching.
I set the phone down on the windowsill as I used both hands to spread my pussy and slide the dildo inside. I was more than wet enough for it to slide in easily, but my lips were so swollen from cumming twice already that I took it slow. I sighed and moaned as I described each small action for Mark, thrusting the dildo in slowly, bit-by-bit, until it filled me all the way to the appendage meant to stimulate my clit. A deep moan escaped from my lips as I pressed the button to turn on the vibration. I started grinding on the dildo, rubbing it on my clit and occasionally making shallow thrusts.
Chris responded quickly, more shots of cum decorating his window as he watched me fuck myself with the dildo.
"He's cumming again," I reported to Mark. "It's shooting all over the window."
"Count how many times he spurts. Imagine each one shooting into your pussy."
"Fuck," I muttered, quickly focusing to count, trying to recall how many I'd seen already. When it was over, I thought I'd counted eight spurts of cum, maybe nine. I reported the numbers to Mark.
"Sounds like he had another big load for you. Were they big, thick spurts, too?"
"Yess," I moaned, feeling close again as the dildo's vibrations stimulated my pussy, inside and out.
"Tell me you want to feel it."
"I do. I want to feel his cum shooting inside me like that. In my mouth. Shooting down my throat until he pulls out and shoots the rest on my chest. Then in my pussy. Or on it, so I can watch."
"Mmm. Such a dirty girl."
"Fuck!" I yelped, grinding harder on the dildo.
Chris was still stroking himself gently, watching me get close again.
Another image came to mind then, as I looked at Chris' cum-streaked window. I imagined making him cum repeatedly, sucking his cock and feeling him fuck me. Telling him to pull out and cum on me each time until it covered me. My face, my neck, my chest, my stomach, my pussy. Feeling the hot spurts hitting my skin, dripping from me. It felt like too dirty of a thought to share, so I kept it to myself, rather than sharing with Mark. But it was enough to make me cum again.
"I'm cumming!" I yelled out, staccato moans and gasps providing a soundtrack to my orgasm as I continued grinding on the dildo, pressing it into me as deep as it would go, and hard against my clit.
"Mmm, good girl," Mark moaned, listening. "Cum on his cock. Feel his cum shooting deep inside."
I rode it out as long as I could, gradually coming down as the dildo continued to vibrate. Then, feeling quite sensitive following the intense orgasm, I pulled the dildo out slowly and switched it off. Looking it over, I noticed some visible white drops of my own juices. It was sticky to the touch.
Looking over at Chris, I saw him tapping his lips with a finger. I knew what he wanted, and smirked, blushing as I brought the dildo to my mouth, licking and then sucking, cleaning it off. I hoped he knew I was thinking about cleaning off his cock this way.
"Is he still stroking?" Mark asked.
"A little. But I think he's stopping."
"Are you stopping?"
"I think so," I chuckled. "I don't want to get too sore. Everything feels very swollen right now."
"And why don't you want to get sore? Thinking about getting fucked by that big cock sometime soon?"
I laughed. "I don't know about that. Just don't want to be sore, really."
"Mmm," Mark moaned. "No, we can't have that."
"I'll be right back," I told Mark, setting the phone down on the bedside table as I pulled on my robe. "I'm going to clean up a little."
"Yeah, I guess I should, too," he agreed.
I smiled at the thought of him still sitting around, covered in his own cum. "Mmm, wish I could help with that."
"Me too," he groaned.
I went down the hall to the bathroom to rinse off the dildo. When I got back, I saw Chris had also cleaned up, his window once again clear, his shorts back on as he sat at his desk on his computer. He smiled over at me when he noticed I was back, watching as I pulled my panties back on and sat on my bed, checking to see if Mark was back yet.
Mark and I talked a little more before he called it a night.
"Curtains closed now," he said.
I couldn't tell if it was a question or a command, but I just said, "Okay," and got up to close them, giving Chris a smile and a little wave goodnight.
He smirked knowingly and waved back.
***
The next day, I stopped at the CVS on the corner to pick up a few things on my way home from class. I was on my way up to the front of the store to check out when I spotted Chris from a couple of aisles away. I sort of panicked and hid, not wanting him to see me until I could decide whether I should go up to him or avoid him. Not knowing what else to do, I took out my phone to text Mark.
Sam: My neighbor is in CVS
I kept hiding out as I waited to see if Mark would reply. I knew he was still at work and might not see my message for a while, so I should come up with a plan on my own. In the meantime, I pretended to be very interested in shopping for hair dye, picking up a box and trying to look like I was engrossed in reading the fine print on the back, glancing up every few seconds.
It was silly; I obviously knew he lived right across the street from me, and that we were bound to run into each other again, eventually. But I hadn't gotten so far in the thought process as to think through how the interaction might go. I just kept seeing him in his window with his cock out, stroking and smiling at me. And hearing Mark's voice calling me out for wanting to fuck him, then admitting that it was true.
My phone chimed with a text, and I scrambled to check it.
Mark: Let him see you and see if he says anything
Fuck. But what if he does? I was tempted to text back and ask, but I did as Mark suggested. Replacing the boxed hair dye on the shelf, I brought my items (toothpaste, razor refills, and dish soap, luckily nothing embarrassing) to the front and got in line, careful not to look in his direction. Not in an obvious way, anyway. I kept watching out of the corner of my eye, to see if he'd notice me. By the time I got up to the cashier, he still hadn't.
As I finished checking out, however, I glanced around and noticed too late that Chris was in line and facing in my direction. Our eyes met, and I saw him do a double take, a huge grin overtaking his face. I couldn't help smirking and blushing when I met his gaze, but didn't stop to chat. I kept walking out of the store and across the street towards my apartment, texting Mark again as I walked.
Sam: He saw me lol
Sam: I didn't stop to say hi, though... headed back to my apartment now
I was halfway down the block when I heard Chris calling after me, and I turned to see him jogging to catch up. My nerves took over again, and I felt a flutter in my stomach as I heard him calling out to me:
"Hey Sam, wait up!"
I hesitated, but then stopped and turned back to wait for him, glancing down at my phone to see that Mark had responded to my text.
Mark: Didn't want to say hi? ;)
I quickly typed out a response as Chris approached.
Sam: He's chasing me down the street now
Mark's response came back right away.
Mark: :)
Just a smile? I wasn't sure how I was supposed to interpret that, but it gave me confidence to talk to Chris, knowing that Mark at least knew about it, and seemed to be encouraging me.
"Hey. I was hoping to run into you again," Chris said with a grin.
"Yeah, kind of strange it hasn't happened yet," I laughed back, not sure how to combat the awkwardness of knowing we'd been watching each other masturbate from a distance for a while, though we'd only met once face-to-face.
"It is," he agreed. "Just getting home?"
"Yeah. Just getting back from class."
"Me too," he said with another smirk. Then, gesturing ahead down the street with a slight nod of his head, he asked, "Can I walk you to your door?"
I felt another prickle of nerves, imagining letting Chris get as far as the door to my building, knowing how tempted I'd be to take things beyond that.
Then there was another chime. I looked down and saw Mark's text as a banner on the screen without even having to unlock my phone.
Mark: I'm hosting a meeting for an hour. Have fun ;)
Fuck. Was he really telling me to go for it? I felt a swell of excitement mixing with my nerves. I wasn't sure if I'd have the courage to actually make a move like that, but I couldn't deny it turned me on to be in such close proximity to Chris, after everything.
I knew I couldn't stall any longer without answering, so I decided not to allow myself to overthink things any more. "Sure." Then, as we started heading that way together, I added, "I guess you already know which door is mine."
"Yeah," he laughed. "I've spent a fair amount of time studying your building by now."
"Oh, is it the building you've been studying, then?" I quipped, some nerves relaxing as we flirted.
Chris laughed, and it looked like I'd actually made him blush a little. I wondered what thought or perhaps image caused that. "Well, in my defense, it's a pretty direct view. And you leave your curtains open a lot."
I felt the heat rising in my cheeks as I laughed along and conceded that he was right. I didn't feel embarrassed, though. And I didn't get the impression he did, either. It felt more like a building tension as we each knew what the other was imagining. And picturing.
"So who's the guy? Is he your boyfriend?"
I hesitated, not sure how to answer.
"Or is it..." Chris stuttered. "I just assumed it was the same guy you've been on the phone with. The one who comes over a couple times a week, and drops you off at night sometimes?"
I smirked at him, giving him a pointed look. "So you've just been casually glancing over when my curtains are open, huh?"
He laughed. "Something like that."
"It is the same guy," I answered, simply. "He's not exactly my boyfriend, though."
"Oh, ok. You're into older guys, though?"
I felt my eyes bugging out reactively and laughed. "Well, not as a rule."
Chris laughed with me. "Sorry, I don't mean to make assumptions, I just figured... I don't know, nevermind." Then he changed the subject quickly. "Does he ever know that I'm watching?"
"He does," I answered, smirking and biting my lip.
"And he's okay with it?"
I hesitated, not exactly sure how to explain Mark's feelings on the matter since I was still figuring them out, myself. Not wanting to go into too much detail, I just told Chris, "If you see the curtains open, then it's a safe assumption that he knows, and he's okay with it."
He smirked. "Got it. And what about you?"
"What about me?" I asked.
"You're okay with me watching?"
I looked back at Chris. My chest heaved slightly, and I felt a tingle between my legs, the tension mounting as we reached the front door of my building. Then my phone chimed again.
Mark: Is he in your apt?
I texted back quickly, knowing how close I was to inviting Chris upstairs, and wanting to give Mark one more chance to talk me out of it.
Sam: Not yet...
Then I looked back at Chris, who was still waiting for my response. I opted for the truth, not holding back. "I thought I'd made it pretty obvious that I like you watching."
He smiled back, an intense look on his face. "Well, maybe I'll see you again soon... if you're allowed to leave your curtains open again."
Another chime.
Mark: Let him up and let him have you
I felt the wetness building between my legs as I read Mark's response. Then I looked back up to see Chris watching me, smirking as I checked my phone. I could only imagine what he must've been thinking, assuming he'd figured out that I was texting with Mark.
Another chime.
Mark: Text me when he's done ;-*
"Getting permission already?" Chris teased.
I laughed, nervously. My heart hammered in my chest. Finally, I decided to be bold, going for what Mark and I both knew I wanted. "Sure, if watching through my window is all you want."
Chris looked taken aback by my comment. It nearly knocked the smug grin from his face. He recovered fairly quickly, though. "Well, what else is on the table?"
I squeezed my thighs together, turning myself on with a rush of thoughts and possibilities. I shrugged, "I don't know... I guess I thought you might be interested in a more close-up view."
"How close are we talking?" he asked, stepping closer.
I swallowed and licked my lips, smiling a little as my eyes roamed down his body, landing on the growing bulge in his jeans.
"I have some time now, if you do," Chris added, rather than waiting for a response.
I forced my eyes back up to meet his gaze and nodded, blushing. "Yeah, now works."
"After you then," he smirked, nodding towards the door.
I smiled and brushed past him, feeling jittery as I realized I was actually about to bring Chris up to my apartment. Everything Mark and I had talked about, turning each other on, everything in the video he'd sent me, was suddenly a real possibility.
I slid my backpack to my front to get my keys out as I approached the door, feeling Chris' eyes on me, and then his hands on my hips. I froze and turned my head to the side slightly, glancing back at him. Then I felt him pressing into me, his big, hard length pressed against me through our clothes. I gasped, an involuntary intake of breath, and leaned back against him.
Chris responded by leaning in and brushing his lips over my ear as his hands roamed over my hips and under my shirt. "You know I've been watching you for weeks, right? Getting hard every night as I watch you touch yourself, taking your clothes off, using your toys. Watching you with your not-boyfriend. I've cum so many times for you."
I felt the wet spot in my panties growing, right there outside my building. I was so turned on that I'm not sure I would've stopped Chris if he pulled my shorts down and slid inside me right then and there. I moaned, grinding back against his cock as I worked on getting the key in the lock. "You're lucky you're cute, otherwise I might call the cops instead of inviting you upstairs."
Chris laughed against me, into me, then pulled back to allow me to open the door and let us inside. We started making our way upstairs, and I felt his hands on my hips and ass every few steps, maybe just wanting to touch me, or maybe hurrying me along.
When we finally made it up to my apartment, he wrapped his arms around me again at the door, his hands slipping under my shirt and up to cup my breasts through my bra as his lips found my neck, kissing and biting. We practically fell through the doorway. I slammed the door shut behind us and dropped my backpack and CVS bag right away. Then, I turned around and pulled Chris into a kiss, reaching down to rub his hard cock through his jeans as I walked us backwards towards my room.
By the time we traveled the few strides to my room, my shirt was off and I was fumbling with his belt. Once I got into his pants, I pulled his cock out right away, moaning as I felt and saw just how big he was, up close. All I could do was stare as I stroked him, my hand sliding along his impressive length.
Chris smirked at me as he reached around to unhook my bra, then pulled it down and off. And then it was his turn to stare.
We laughed at each other and ourselves.
"I would say the close-up view is paying off so far. What do you think?" Chris asked.
I laughed some more until I felt him reach out and pinch both of my nipples and the sound got caught in my throat as I moaned. Then he grabbed me by my throat and pulled me into another kiss as I kept stroking him.
"It was so hot watching you suck his cock the other day. When he started fucking your mouth like that," Chris said when he pulled back, his hand still grasping my neck.
"So you were still watching?" I asked, grinning and leaning into his grasp. "I thought you might've still been there after you closed your blinds."
"Of course I was watching," he smirked back, then pulling back and pushing down on my shoulders. "And all I've thought about since is seeing how much of my cock you might be able to take."
I kneeled down in front of him eagerly on the rug next to my bed, thinking about Mark and wondering whether it would turn him on to hear that Chris was watching us together, and recreating some of his moves. The thought of recounting those details for him later turned me on that much more, and I imagined him in the room watching and stroking his cock as I got on my knees in front of Chris. I kept smiling and stroking as I looked up at him, leaning in closer.
"Well, I haven't been with anyone as big as you before, but I'll do my best." As soon as I finished talking, I rolled my tongue around the thick head of his cock.
"Fuck," Chris groaned, his head rolling back. He pulled off his shirt and pushed down his jeans and underwear the rest of the way.
Seeing Chris standing before me, completely naked like that, spurred me on to take more of his cock into my mouth. I wrapped my lips around him, sliding onto his cock as I took him in gradually deeper. His heavy breathing and moaning, and the feeling from his fingers combing into my hair, caused my pussy to throb. I reached down to unbutton and unzip my shorts, sliding a hand inside so I could touch myself while I sucked him.
When Chris saw that, there was another groan and then I felt him thrusting deeper into my mouth suddenly.
"Is this what you like?" he asked. "It was so hot watching him fucking your face against that chair."
I could only moan, bracing myself for more, trying to open my throat to him. My hands came to his thighs involuntarily as he held one hand on top of my head, the other cupping my chin as he pressed me back against the side of the bed. He pushed himself into my mouth further, going deeper and deeper with each stroke, groaning and cursing.
"Your mouth feels so fucking good, Sam," Chris groaned. "I've been thinking about feeling you like this for so long."
I moaned around him, taking him as deep as I could until I was gagging, the sound mingling with my moans. He pressed in deeper, pinning me against the bed. My eyes watered as I looked up at him and let him fuck my throat, rubbing my clit faster inside my shorts and panties.
"Fuck, that feels good," he repeated, finally pulling back to let me catch my breath for just a moment. Then he pushed in again, thrusting faster and bumping the back of my throat. "I'm going to fill your mouth with cum. Did you see how much I came while you were watching me?"
I moaned, again picturing his cum-streaked windows, the image of it shooting out onto his windows in huge spurts, coating the glass. Even though I had described what I'd seen to Mark, I wasn't sure my words could do it justice. Still, Mark knew how much I'd been thinking about feeling Chris cum for me like that, and had been teasing me about it. I felt a flutter of nerves and excitement knowing it was really about to happen, and hoped I'd be able to swallow at least most of it.
Chris loosened his hold on my head a bit, allowing me to suck him. Working on taking him in as deeply as I could on my own, I pressed down onto his cock, my lips wrapped tightly around him. He cursed and thrusted in deeper reactively, causing me to gag again as I looked up at him, my eyes watering.
"Fuck, Sam... I'm close," he told me, his eyes furrowed as he looked down at me.
I braced myself for his torrent of cum, looking up at him as I sucked and stroked, cupping and playing with his balls, rubbing and squeezing them in my hand. With each bob of my head, I took him in until I felt him hitting the back of my throat.
"Oh god, I'm gonna cum," Chris groaned.
And then he was.
I felt the first hot burst in my mouth as his cock pulsed, and I started swallowing right away, expecting much more. Chris grunted and gripped my hair in his fists, holding me on his cock, making me take all of his cum. Not that I would've considered backing away. In the end, I kept most of it in my mouth, feeling just a drip sliding down my chin as he pulled back slowly. I wiped it up with my finger and sucked it back into my mouth with a smile as I looked up at him, feeling his hold loosening in my hair.
"So fucking hot," Chris muttered with a smile, stroking his still-hard cock as he stepped back and turned to sit on my bed, patting the bed beside him for me to follow. "Keep sucking me. I have some more cum for you."
I felt my chest heaving as I stood up and followed Chris onto the bed, kneeling beside him. He gripped the waistbands of my shorts and panties and dragged both down my legs. I smiled and held onto his shoulders to brace myself as I kicked them off. Then, he slid over to the middle of the bed, leaving room for me to kneel beside him. I leaned down right away to keep sucking his still-hard cock as directed, dropping my mouth as far as I could on his cock, wrapping my lips around him.
"Fuck!" Chris yelled out, reaching for me. One hand came to my head again, holding me down, while the other reached for my ass, squeezing and then slapping.
As I continued sucking him at a steady pace, Chris' hand roamed down over my ass to rub along my slit with his fingertips. I felt him pressing into me when he found my opening and heard the wetness slicking his fingers as he made a few thrusts into my pussy.
"God, you're so wet," Chris breathed.
He pulled his fingers back out of me and rubbed the wetness around my pussy onto my clit. When I felt his fingers there, I buckled and whimpered on his cock, grinding on his fingers.
Then Chris was groaning and dragging me closer to him by my hips. "C'mere," he groaned. "Sit on my face."
I leaned up from Chris' cock as I let him guide me to straddle his face, feeling my pussy clenching already. Then he was reaching around my hips to cup my ass and pulling me down onto his waiting mouth and tongue.
"Ohhhhh fuck," I moaned, stroking his cock and writhing on top of him. I got so wrapped up in the feeling of his mouth on me like that, grinding on his tongue as he licked and sucked on my clit.
Chris moaned into me as he felt me grinding, then reached around and pushed down on my head again, reminding me of my task at hand.
I happily resumed sucking his cock, taking him in deep and rubbing my tongue along his cock as I sucked hard and slow. I pressed down to take him as deep as I could until I gagged, then felt Chris groaning into my pussy as he held my head down and pushed his hips up, thrusting further down my throat. I moaned around his cock and tried my best to take everything he was giving me until my lips wrapped around the base of his cock.
Another groan caused vibrations against my clit, and then two of Chris' fingers were sliding into me again, curling forward and rubbing me from the inside as his lips and tongue rubbed and flicked over my clit. My pussy clenched, gripping his fingers as I pressed down onto his face, rubbing myself on his mouth, his prickly stubble adding to the sensation. Then, the hand that was holding my head down on his cock slid down my back and wrapped around my hips, squeezing my ass and holding me down on his face.
"Ohhh fuck," I gasped, pulling back from Chris' cock. "So close."
Chris moaned into me, his wet fingers slipping out of my pussy to rub over my asshole as he flicked my clit with his tongue, holding me down to take it all.
"Ohhhhh god," I yelled out when I felt his fingers teasing my ass. My breaths were coming out as quick and shallow moans. I was practically panting as my thighs quivered and my hips moved on autopilot, grinding on his face hard and fast as I felt the waves of pleasure rush through me.
Chris moaned with me, using both hands to squeeze and then slap my ass, hard. Then he pressed up on my hips and slid his tongue along my slit to my ass, pressing it into me there.
"Fuck!" I yelled, leaning up as I felt Chris licking my ass, rubbing my clit fast as I kept writhing and cumming.
Then Chris pushed me back down onto his cock, moaning into my ass. "I'm going to fill your mouth again," he muttered against me.
I was in a haze, my ears still ringing and my whole body tingling from the intensity of my orgasm. I braced myself with my hands on the bed beside Chris' thighs as he held me down on his cock, thrusting up into my mouth just a few more times before he shot more cum into me with a loud groan. I moaned and struggled to keep it in my mouth, my lips wrapping around his pulsating shaft. Gravity was against me in that position, though, and I felt some of the cum dripping down to the base of Chris' cock and onto his balls. As soon as I was sure that he'd finished cumming, I pulled back to swallow and then set to work licking and cleaning up the drips I'd missed.
Chris tensed up as I licked and sucked the cum from his balls. "Fuck!" he cursed, bringing down another hard, double-handed slap on my ass.
I moaned and laughed a little as I pulled back from his balls and climbed off of him carefully, turning around to face him.
As hot as it was to feel Chris cumming in my mouth twice in such quick succession, I couldn't help feeling disappointed that there would likely be a wait before I could feel him inside me. My pussy was throbbing with need, and all I could think about was feeling his big, thick cock inside me. I reached down to rub my pussy almost involuntarily, leaning and then lying down beside him to keep touching myself. But Chris stopped me with his words and a hand on my hip.
"Get on top first," he ordered.
My face must've shown my surprise as I looked at him, from his face to his hand stroking his still-hard cock.
Chris smirked. "Didn't think I was done, did you?"
I felt the heat rising in my cheeks as I bit my lip to hide a smirk. "Silly me for thinking that you might be done after cumming twice in a row."
"Yeah, well, I had to keep some tricks up my sleeve," he winked as I straddled him, kneeling up over his cock. "I'm still planning to fully fuck the shit out of you, don't worry."
Before I could react to Chris' words, I felt him rubbing his cock along my slit, then pressing the thick head into my opening. I gasped and then groaned as I felt him sliding into me slowly, the walls of my pussy stretching to accommodate his size. He pulled down on my hips and I eased down onto him further until I was completely seated on his big, thick cock.
"God, you're so big," I gasped.
Chris' head had rolled back as I sat down on him. He gripped my hips and pressed up into me, filling me as deeply as possible. "You feel so fucking good."
I felt Chris pressing me forward and reached out to brace myself with my hands on his chest. Slowly, I started sliding on his cock, moaning with nearly every breath and grinding a little each time I sat back down on him all the way. He moved his right hand from my hip to clasp around my neck, pulling me down to meet his lips in a deep kiss.
I moaned as he sucked on my bottom lip, feeling my pussy clench and squeeze around his cock.
"Fuck, Sam!" Chris breathed, pulling back from the kiss and throwing his head back again. "You feel so fucking tight around my cock."
I felt myself building up again and slid a hand down to rub my clit as I continued riding him.
Chris looked down to watch and groaned, bringing his own hand to meet mine and take over, rubbing with his thumb. "I want to feel you cum on my cock like this."
"Oh god!" I moaned, pressing my fingers over his on my clit and rubbing with him as I rode him with quicker, shallow movements.
"That's it. Ride me until you cum," Chris groaned, raising his hips to meet mine with each thrust.
I felt it coming, and pressed his fingers harder onto my clit, grinding and rubbing as my body arched and writhed on top of him. I yelled out as the walls of my pussy gripped Chris' cock. He continued to thrust hard and deep, not letting up as I came.
"Fuck!" I yelled as I finally relaxed on top of him, breathing hard and smiling involuntarily.
Chris moaned, smiling back and slapping my ass again. "Lift up," he directed. "I want to get behind you."
My pussy clenched again in anticipation as I lifted off his cock slowly.
Chris got up and moved around me, pushing my legs further apart with his knees as he got into position.
I looked over my shoulder to watch as he stroked his cock and rubbed the head along my slit. Then he was pushing into me, slowly at first as my pussy stretched around his head causing me to moan, my clit throbbing. I reached down to rub my clit and pushed back towards him, needing more of him inside me. I knew I was going to cum hard as soon as he started fucking me.
"You ready for more?" Chris asked when he felt me pressing back onto his cock.
"Yess," I breathed. "I'm going to cum on your cock again."
"Fuck," he groaned, thrusting deeper suddenly. He smacked my ass hard as his thrusts picked up, and then leaned forward over me, gripping a handful of my hair and pulling, jerking my head up from the bed.
"Oh fuck!" I moaned, feeling his balls slapping against my clit as he fucked me. I rubbed my clit faster, sliding on his cock and thrusting my hips and ass back against him until he took over, fucking me hard and fast. My fingers flew in a blur over my clit and I felt another sudden, deep release. My back arched as all of my muscles seemed to spasm with this orgasm, from my pussy to my toes and up to my neck and shoulders.
I felt Chris slowing his thrusts as my pussy clamped down on his cock. He groaned and leaned forward over me, forcing himself deeper and pushing my head down onto the bed, holding me down. "That's it, Sam; cum all over my cock. Fuck, you feel so good squeezing around me like that!"
I kept moaning and cursing, my muscles gradually relaxing. Momentarily, at least.
When Chris leaned back up, he kept thrusting hard, his fingers digging into my ass cheeks and squeezing. "It's so hot watching you take my cock like this. I've been picturing it for so long, cumming for you while you let me watch you touch yourself."
"I love seeing you watching," I admitted. "I've been wanting to feel your cock inside me like this, too." I thought about Mark again, and how turned on he would be if he heard me admitting all of this to Chris. How it always seemed to drive him crazy when I told him. My fingers picked up the pace on my clit again.
"Yeah? You've been wanting to feel my big cock pounding you like this?" Chris asked, thrusting harder for impact.
"Ohhhhh god!" I yelled, burying my face in the pillow again. "Yes! He knows how much I've been wanting to feel your big cock inside me, fucking me."
"Fuck!" Chris yelled with another deep thrust. He held still for a moment, and I felt his cock twitch inside me. His hands kept squeezing and kneading my ass. Then, he slid one thumb to rub around the base of his cock and my lips as they stretched around him, getting it wet with my juices. He brought it up to my asshole, pressing on me there and rubbing circles. "I love how dirty you are. Letting me watch another guy fuck you. Telling him you want me. I feel so lucky to have such a hot, dirty neighbor."
"Oh god!" I groaned, my body writhing as I felt him playing with my ass. I was close again, and rubbed my clit faster as his thumb pressed into my ass. Then he started thrusting again in quick, shallow movements. The friction and multiple sensations did me in again as I rubbed my clit and felt Chris stimulating my ass while his cock bumped against my cervix. All I could do was moan and let the next wave of pleasure wash over me, my thighs shaking as I came and clenched around him yet again.
"Yes, that's it, Sam! Cum again! God, I love feeling you cum on my cock. Don't stop!" Chris said encouragingly. His thumb plunged in and out of my ass as he picked up his pace, thrusting harder. Then he removed his thumb to slap my ass hard with both hands before squeezing and digging his fingers into me again. He started using his hold to drag me on and off of his cock as he thrusted in, hard and deep.
I felt almost delirious with pleasure as I kept rubbing my clit, feeling close... again? Still? One orgasm blended into the next as Chris kept fucking me and I kept cumming. My ears were ringing, and I felt almost dizzy as I moaned and cursed.
"God, that's so hot," Chris groaned. "Are you cumming again?"
I could barely form a response, just muttering through my moans, my face in the pillow. "Yesss! Still cumming! Don't stop! Fuck, don't stop! Fuck me! Your cock feels so good!"
I heard Chris grunting and groaning as I begged for more of his cock. Then he pulled out suddenly, and I felt him flipping me over onto my back quickly. He pushed back inside me for a few more thrusts before pulling out and stroking over me, groaning as a thick spurt of cum shot all the way up my chest and neck. Several more spurts followed until I was covered in his cum. I watched in awe, mesmerized by the amount of cum he still had after cumming twice already.
"Holy fuck!" Chris groaned as he finished, looking down at me, his chest heaving.
I smiled back, still breathing hard too as I looked down at my sweat and cum-covered chest and stomach.
"Mmm," Chris moaned, smiling and sitting back on his heels, giving the side of my thigh a playful slap. "Think he'd want to see you, covered in my cum like this?"
I felt another tingle of excitement as I realized what Chris was asking. "Yeah, he'd probably like that."
He got up to find my phone from where I'd dropped it with all the rest of my stuff near the door, then brought it back to the bed with him, swiping left to open the camera app as he knelt between my legs again. He smirked as he angled the camera to capture my cum-covered chest and stomach, then looked up to meet my eyes as he took the picture.
I laughed a little and held out my hand for the phone once he'd taken it. Rather than handing it to me, Chris made a couple of taps on the phone screen, then started typing something. I felt a sudden panic, thinking he might try to send the picture to Mark himself, typing out a message.
"Give me the phone!" I laughed, reaching up to grab it from him.
But he leaned back to keep it away from me. I heard the little whoosh sound, indicating that a message had been sent, then Chris finally turned the phone over to me with a smirk. "Here you go."
I gave him an incredulous look. "What did you just do?!" I asked as I clicked into my messages to check.
"Just sent it to myself," Chris admitted. "Now you can share it with him."
I scoffed, but couldn't help blushing. "I never said you could send it to yourself."
"Don't worry, I didn't get your face. Plus, you were going to need my number anyway," he added with a wink.
I opened the picture to verify what he'd said about cropping my face out, then just shook my head at him, biting my lip to keep from smiling. I felt nervous about what Mark would think about Chris having my phone number, much less that photo, but there was nothing to be done about it at that point. I clicked the phone off for the time being, giving myself a little time to think about what to tell him. Then I started moving to get up.
"I'm gonna go clean up a little," I said as I slid to the edge of the bed and stood up slowly, feeling his cum dripping down my front.
"Okay," he chuckled, flopping over onto his side on the bed, apparently not in a rush to leave.
I went down the hall to the bathroom and stood in front of the mirror, looking myself over. The streaks of Chris' cum glistened in the light, running from my neck, all over my chest, and down my stomach. My face was flushed, and my hair was a mess.
Turning around for further inspection, I saw red marks on my ass and hips from where his fingers dug in, and where he'd slapped me. I smiled at my reflection, my eyes gleaming. I looked like I felt: like I'd been thoroughly fucked. It was exhilarating. I wanted more.
After taking a quick shower to clean off, I went back to my room to find Chris still lying on the bed, now in his boxer briefs and scrolling on his own phone.
He smirked up at me and watched as I pulled on my underwear and robe. "All clean?" he asked.
"All clean," I confirmed, smiling back.
"You didn't send the picture yet."
"I'm going to," I insisted, picking my phone back up as I sat on the bed beside Chris, facing him.
"Why the hesitation?" he smirked.
I shook my head. "I'm not hesitating. I'll send it in a minute when I tell him you're gone."
Chris laughed. "Are you kicking me out, then?"
I shrugged, smirking back. "I guess I am."
He looked back at me intently, as if trying to gauge whether I was kidding. "Because he told you to?"
I shook my head, "No."
Chris' eyes were twinkling with amusement. It caused another involuntary tingle between my legs, but I tried not to let my reaction show.
In the end, he gave in and got up to finish redressing. Though he took his time, giving himself a chance to ask more questions. "What's his name?"
I gave him an unsure look and hesitated a moment before answering. "His name's Mark."
"How'd you meet?"
"We were both running the Shamrock Shuffle in March."
"Oh, nice," Chris said, pulling his jeans up. "So why isn't he your boyfriend?"
That question caused me to blush as I considered how much I should divulge. Unable to come up with a quick lie, I just went with the truth, forcing myself to keep my head up. "Because he's married."
Chris froze for a moment, clearly not expecting that response. "Oh, yeah?"
I shrugged it off, feigning indifference. I had a feeling he'd be able to read the mixed feelings in my expression, but tried my best to maintain the facade.
Sure enough, Chris seemed to study my face and body language as he processed the new information. He said nothing as he buttoned and zipped his jeans, and I guessed he was trying to figure out a way to ask more follow-up questions without offending me. I realized I wanted him to ask, so I prompted him. "What are you thinking now?"
He shrugged, picking his shirt up off the floor and holding it, hesitating to put it back on. My eyes ran down his chest, enjoying the view while I still could.
"I guess I'm wondering what you get out of that situation?" Chris asked, finally.
That wasn't the question I'd been expecting. It caught me off guard, but I tried to brush it off with a joke. "I suppose you're looking for a deeper answer than great sex?"
Chris looked at me, as if he could tell there was something else below the surface of my response. But he let me off the hook with a smirk. "Fair enough."
Then he pulled his shirt on, and I resisted the urge to sigh.
"You're just full of surprises, aren't you?" he asked, playfully.
I bit my lip, trying to hide a smile, and shrugged.
"Did you tell him we know each other?"
I felt my eyebrows raise. "Do we know each other?!"
Chris laughed. "Well, we met at the bar that night."
"Right," I conceded. "And that was before you started watching me, right?"
He just laughed, giving himself away. "Would you believe me if I said yes?"
"No," I admitted, laughing too.
"Well, in that case, I plead the fifth," he teased, pulling his shoes back on.
I laughed some more, shaking my head.
Then, Chris was fully redressed and looking back at me. His eyes roamed down to my legs as they stuck out under my short robe.
I felt the heat of his gaze and another tingle between my legs. Even after everything we'd just done, I knew I'd be ready for more if he pushed for it.
Chris seemed to be contemplating going for it, so I got up to walk him to the door before he had the chance. He picked up his backpack from the floor in the hall and opened the door to let himself out, stepping out to the hallway and then turning back to me, moving in close once again, his hands finding my hips. I didn't back away.
"It's really hot knowing you're going to tell him all about what we did just now," Chris said into my ear. "I'm getting hard again just thinking about it."
I felt my chest heaving again and shivered as I felt his warm breath on my neck. "That's good," I breathed.
Chris smiled. "Are you going to tell him everything?"
"Yes."
"Even that I sent the picture to myself, too?" he asked, his tongue grazing over the outer rim of my ear, followed by his teeth.
I moaned into him, getting turned on to remember that he had that picture of me covered in his cum. My hands came back to his chest, and I didn't know whether I would try to push him back or pull him closer.
"He'll know that I'm planning on jacking off to it. Remembering how good you looked covered in my cum. How good it felt to be inside you, and cum for you."
I looked down and let out a breath, noticing the once again prominent bulge in his jeans. Fuck.
I bit my lip as I pushed back on Chris' chest decisively. "I'll be sure to pass that message along," I teased.
Chris laughed and gave in, stepping back and pulling away. "Alright, well... I guess I'll see you later," he said with a wink and a smirk.
I couldn't help laughing, knowing he meant that literally. "We'll see."
"Bye, Sam," he smiled, taking another step back towards the stairs.
"Bye," I said, stepping back to close the door.