Kathy was a young submissive in search for her perfect Dom. In her attempts to find him, she had filled out her profile on an adult sex dating site. She was quite new at all of this, but felt there was something missing in her life.
Within a week of posting her profile, Kathy received hundreds of e-mails. Mostly from married men that wanted a one night stand. There were the few that wanted her to become the Dominant and the rest wanted her to call them Sir and telling her what they would do to her.
Kathy wasn't looking for a 24/7 lifestyle, nor was she looking for a liar or a cheat. She was however, looking to explore her own sexuality. Her life up to now consisted of only vanilla sex. While filling out the sexual checklist on her profile, this only confirmed just what a mundane life she had led. Kathy even had to look up some of the activities just to learn what they were.
It was April fools day of all days when Kathy read an e-mail that read, "Hey Scorpio." Within a couple sentences and a grin on her face, Kathy knew that she was in trouble.
Kathy read his profile and was attracted to the picture he had posted. She found that he was a writer of erotica and began to read the sexual exploits of this Bohemian. The stories scared her, intrigued her and made extremely horny. She totally could see herself as some of the characters in his short stories.
Day after day, the e-mails were exchanged between the two of them. It was the highlight of her day just to see that Rick had sent a simple good morning. Soon they were talking on the phone to all hours of the morning and this led to the to of them finally meeting.
Rick and Kathy lived 122 miles away from one another, but that didn't stop the two of them from seeing each other every chance they could.
There were so many things Kathy had not explored. With Rick, she felt that maybe, all things were possible. She was very spirited, and somewhat of a tease but she knew what she wanted. That was someone she could respect, look up to, feel needed, and be safe. Kathy was looking for a teacher as well as a lover. The first instance that Rick had pushed Kathy's limits was only a week after they first met. The two of them were watching a porn movie Rick had just received in the mail. Kathy had never seen a porno before and wanted to do everything that they did in the movie. This soon changed as the seen in the movie changed to anal. Kathy had heard horror stories about anal from her friends, but had also read that it gave the best orgasms. To Kathy, this was still an exit only.
Rick introduced Kathy to some of his toys early in their relationship. This was something that she had never experienced. She could only remember once in her entire life that she had experienced an orgasm, and that was shallow at best.
Rick was very patient with Kathy in her early stages of submission. It's not that she didn't want to try new things, but it was the unknown that frightened her.
With the DVD anal scene still on pause, Rick instructed Kathy to lay in her back on the floor so that she could still view the TV. Kathy laid there naked, with her legs spread wide looking at the woman on the TV being taken in her forbidden hole. How could she, Kathy thought.
Kathy heard Rick open the special briefcase full of all her toys. There were just so many. From never had any in her life before, it was overwhelming. Rick had only introduced her to the Ben Wa balls, a vibrating egg and a small six inch vibe.
She loved the feeling of Rick sliding the vibe between her lips and the sensation of the Ben Wa balls clicking against one another deep inside of her. Still, there was a small problem. Every time Kathy would near an orgasm, she would become voice tress and kick Rick away before she would let go completely.
Rick positioned himself between Kathy's beautiful legs. Her pussy still glistened and her lips slightly swollen from her wetness earlier. As he propped her knees up, Kathy could hear a quiet vibrating sound and soon felt he sensation against her labia.
"Now hold still," Rick said as he eased the vibrating egg between her lips and pushed it in with his middle finger.
"Do you like this?"
"Mmmm, oh yes," Kathy said.
Rick lubed a medium sized jelly anal plug. "Just relax, okay?"
"Okay," Kathy said hesitantly.
Rick re-hit the pause button on the DVD player and Kathy's attention immediately went to the screen. She watched as the man pulled out of her completely, then reinserted his massive cock. With the woman's moans of pleasure, Kathy felt a slight pressure on her little hole. "Noooo!"
"Shhhh, just relax."
Instead of relaxing, Kathy tightened her forbidden hole, but she was no match for Rick and the lubed plug.
"Watch the movie," Rick said as he gently eased the plug in and out just the first inch of the plug.
Kathy tried to watch the TV, but her attention was interrupted as Rick began to lick and tease her clit and pull slightly on the wire to the vibrating egg. As Rick sucked hard on her clit, he buried the anal plug all the way to the base.
"No!" Kathy screamed as she felt the violation of her virgin ass. She was more startled than anything realizing that the plug that was deep inside of her not only didn't hurt, but it was though she wanted more.
As Rick continued to lick Kathy faster and faster, she felt herself building inside like never before. The pressure of the plug combined with the vibration of the egg and Rick's continuous lapping of her juices was becoming too much for her to handle.
"Rick, Rick... Ohhh."
"You want that plug deeper?" Rick asked as he pushed on the soft plug.
"Yes...No! Rick, no, no, stop, stop... STOP!" Kathy yelled at the top of her voice.
She began to kick uncontrollably pulling at the egg wire and the plug until both were removed and Rick was out of reach.
Kathy finally lay quietly with her hands between her legs. Realizing that she had kicked Rick numerous times, she looked up at him with those big green eyes, "I'm sorry."
"I know you are babe, but you know that I will have to punish you for that, right? You could be capable of such powerful orgasms if you would just let yourself go... and no more yelling," Rick said with a smile.
Feeling guilty for her outbursts, Kathy knelt in front of Rick and took his cock in her mouth and sucked hard while stroking her hands around his hard shaft. It took no time at all for Rick's knees to get weak and explode in Kathy's mouth. She loved the taste of his cum and swallowed all that she could while looking up at him for his approval.
The following weekend, Kathy and Rick decided to go to Copper Falls, a State Park in Wisconsin. It was a beautiful spring morning in May when they arrived at the park. There were only two other vehicles in the parking lot as they pulled in.
Kathy's interest in photography and nature and a long cold winter prompted this outing on such a beautiful day. Rick grabbed the 35mm and the camera bag and they proceeded on one of the nature trails. The trail they had chose was 1.7 miles long and overlooked the Bad river and Copper and Brownstone falls.
The trails were well maintained and were lined with wooden fences along the overlooks. At the overlook near the cascades, Rick grabbed Kathy by the hand and led her up a small hill to a little plateau.
Off the beaten path, Rick kissed Kathy softly, "I want you, right here."
Kathy looked around and whispered, "There's too many people."
"I thought that you might feel that way," Rick said as he grabbed the hand cuffs from his camera bag. He quickly cuffed Kathy's left wrist and led her to a small Birch tree. He wrapped her arms around the tree and secured the other cuff.
Kathy wanted to cry out, but she could see people down below her on the trail and she was somewhat in shock of what Rick was doing.
"Rick?" Kathy whispered.
"Remember when you cried out and kicked me?"
"Yes."
"This is your punishment."
"Rick... no," Kathy said softly.
"Smile," Rick said as he took a couple pictures of Kathy helplessly attached to the tree.
Rick walked up close behind Kathy. He unbuttoned her shorts and undid the short zipper.
Kathy wanted to fight, and scream out, but there was something about this that was turning her on.
Rick slid Kathy's shorts to the ground and began to unbutton her blouse. He fondled her breasts until he nipples were hard. He then took a couple more pics as she stood there in her panties and her blouse completely undone.
Kathy felt herself getting wet as Rick tugged on her panties until the fell around her ankles.
"Step out of them," Rick said as he slapped Kath's bare bottom lightly. "I want you to spread your legs for me, wide."
Kathy did what she was told as she stood there almost totally naked about 50 feet from the people below. She could see the people walk by through the trees and brush and could only hope that they couldn't see her.
Rick's hand pushed hard between her legs rubbing her lips and spreading her ass cheeks apart. "You are so wet."
She couldn't disagree with the fact that she was turned on. She had never had sex in public, and that Rick was taking pictures of her helpless body outdoors so close to all these people made her just ache fo Rick's touch.
It wasn't long before she felt Rick's touch as he knelt between her legs and parted her swollen lips with his tongue. She grabbed the small tree and pushed herself towards him as he buried his face.
Kathy bit her tongue trying not to cry out. She was totally helpless to all of Rick's advances including thrusting two of his fingers in and out of her wet pussy.
Rick pulled out his fingers slowly and offered the sweet juices to Kathy as she stood there already out of breath. As she licked and sucked off his fingers, Rick thrust his cock deep into Kathy's dripping pussy.
Matching every thrust, Kathy pushed hard against Rick's hips until he slowly pulled out. "Rick, don't stop," Kath whispered.
She felt his cock again part her lips, then slide up to her forbidden hole. Again and again Rick parted her wet lips, then eased upwards until he began to push his way past her tightness.
"No, Rick, please, ow, no, no." Kathy whispered loudly.
She felt his hard cock open her wide and slide in slowly. "Ow."
"Shhhhhhhh..."
With the sight and sound of people close by, Kathy gave in to Rick fully. His cock was deep inside of he tight ass and was easing in and out slowly. The pain quickly left and was replaced by a deep feeling of pleasure. She wanted Rick, all of him.
Rick grabbed her tits as he took he fully, stroke after stroke. She met her strokes wildly until she felt herself building inside.
"Stop Rick. Stop, stop, stop, Ahhhhhhhhh!"
Kathy lost all control of her bodily functions as she gushed all over Rick. She also realized that her last outburst was loud enough to catch a couples attention. Watching this, Rick pulled out and came over Kathy's back and ass.
The couple pointed up at the hill and laughed, grabbed each other's hand and moved on.
Busted, Rick quickly pulled up his pants and fumbled with the keys to Kathy's handcuffs. Kathy just knelt there leaning on the small tree. She was weak and still shaking from the intense orgasm that she had just experienced.
After regaining her composure, Kath got dressed, wrapped her arms around Rick and hugged him tight. "I love you."
Rick smiled and kissed Kath softly, I love you too babe."
Rick and Kathy began to explore more of the state parks in Wisconsin. Only 72 left.