Though I have changed the names to protect identities, the rest of the following story is entirely true. It tells of the time my husband and I finally gathered up the courage to visit a sex club, and of the mind-blowing experience that followed. For years we had fantasied about having sex in public, of watching and being watched. When we lived in a tall apartment building, we'd often fuck pressed up against the window, imagining the peeping eyes watching us from below. Our fantasy came closer to completion when we stripped down at a nudist beach, surrounded by gawking eyes staring superstitiously at our fit young bodies. That day we fucked like crazy as soon as we got home, teasing each other about all the men at the beach unable to take their eyes off me. Finally, following months of flirting and bluffing, we knew we had to make it happen. After some thorough internet browsing, I found what appeared to be a clean and reputable sex club just fifteen minutes from our house, and we set a date.
The uber dropped us on the street corner and I stepped out into a warm spring evening, pulling at my tight black dress which had ridden up during the car ride. It was a quieter part of town, but I could still here the regular noise of cars on the main road behind us. My heart was hammering in my chest, and I tried to take a few deep breaths to calm my racing nerves. Sensing my agitation, James pulled me into a hug and held my tightly.
'You look so fucking hot', he whispered in my ear, then kissed me gently on the lips. Behind him I spied the non-descript door that I knew was the entrance, nestled between two shop fronts.
'Are we really going to do this?' I asked.
'Only if you're ready. We can go home right now if you're not comfortable. Or we can go in, have a look, and then make a quick escape if it's too much'.
I smiled, knowing how much he wanted to do this, knowing how many earth-shattering orgasms I'd previously enjoyed whilst secretly pretending we were on show in the middle of a busy sex club.
'We're doing this' I insisted, kissing him more firmly, feeling his hands wander down my back and caress my bottom. I felt a growing rush of excitement at what we were about to do and pushed forward into him, letting him feel the desire coursing through my body as I grinded onto him. A passing car honked at us and yelled something as it sped past and I flushed with embarrassment, pulling away.
'Let's get inside', he said, 'away from all these prying eyes.'
The door opened onto a long passage that led away from the street. Tentatively, I let James take my hand and lead me down the corridor. At the end was another door, the name 'Our Secret Spot' emblazoned in bright gold letters. We stood on the threshold, slowly working up the courage to make a move. I thought of what might lie behind that door, envisioning a mass of writhing naked bodies, and rooms heavy with the smell of sex and desire. Another deep breath, and I was ready. I pushed open the door and stepped into the club.
The first room we entered was a small lobby, and we were greeted from behind the desk by a young woman wearing an even smaller black dress than my scandalous attire.
'Welcome to Our Secret Spot. First time?' she asked, smiling brightly.
I nodded, feeling my heart hammering again, not quite trusting myself to speak.
'No need to be nervous', she said warmly, reaching out to stroke my arm. 'Everyone is very friendly and respectful here. Downstairs is the bar and dance floor, and then if and when you're ready, you can head upstairs to the playrooms.'
I tried to smile back while James paid the entry fee, and then she lifted the curtain at the back of the room and ushered us through. The club was larger on the inside than I expected, with a long bar along the back wall, sofas and tables scattered around the room, and a dancefloor in the centre. There was a small crowd swaying to the disco music playing over the speakers, and various couples and small groups scattered around the seats. Feeling like everyone had turned to watch us enter, we made our way quickly to the bar and ordered drinks. Gulping down the first few mouthfuls, we sank into a low couch and surveyed the room.
The crowd was much younger than I had expected, most looking somewhere in their twenties and thirties. At first glance, it appeared like any other club on a Saturday evening. But as my eyes accustomed to the dark, I noticed the differences -- the extra low cut of the women's dresses, that little bit of extra sexual energy in the griding on dancefloor, couples making out freely on the couches, and in the back corner, almost hidden in the darkness, I could just make out a women's head bobbing up and down in her partner's lap. I leaned towards James to point it out, but he'd already noticed. We grinned at each other like two teenagers, feeling scandalised and electrified at the same time. On the couch opposite us, an attractive woman in a bright red dress was wedged between two burly men. She was making out with one of them while her hands fondled the second guys lap, and even as I watched she pulled away from the first kiss and turned to kiss the second guy.
'Does that turn you on?' James whispered in my ear, following my gaze. 'Would you like to make out with two guys at once?'
'Would you let me?' I teased back, letting my hand wander along his thigh. I felt him tense and quiver with arousal as I leaned in to kiss him. He returned the kiss hungrily, running his hands through my hair.
'Yes', he replied. 'You can do whatever you want.'
I smiled, trying to pull off sultry, and tossed back the last of my drink.
'Whatever I want? Well, I think I'd like to dance right now,' I said, rising from the couch and leading him to the dance floor.
I felt more eyes on us as we moved on the dancefloor, pressing our bodies together, kissing slowly and then pulling apart. I felt a predictable bulge growing in James' pants as I grinded into him, so pulled him into a tantalising embrace, resting my head on his shoulder as I slipped my hand towards his groin. Looking over his shoulder, I suddenly noticed we were being watched. Sitting on a couch at the edge of the dancefloor was a couple who were making no secret of the fact they were observing us. The guy was exactly my type -- tall, skinny and well dressed in a shirt and jacket. She was sitting on his lap, and even in the dark of the club I could make out her shapely curves, her boobs straining against her low-cut top, and her bright scarlet lipstick. Noticing my gaze, she smiled and waved. Startled, I smiled back.
'We have an admirer', I whispered in James' ear, nodding in her direction. She waved again as James turned to look.
'Shall we say hello?' he asked me with a cheeky smile. Before I could protest, he had led me off the dancefloor and we were seated opposite the new couple making nervous introductions. The woman was called Dominica, and she had a warm bubbly personality that matched her alluring appearance. Her partner Daniel was quieter and seemed happy to let her take the lead in the conversation. Her face lit up with delight when she found out it was our first time at the club.
'Newbies!' she exclaimed, casually taking my hand across the table. 'How exciting! Why did you decide to take the plunge?'
'Always looking to try something new', I replied as coolly as I could. 'We've always fantasied about being watched while having sex' -- I couldn't help but smile girlishly here -- 'and maybe tonight's the night we finally try it.'
'I'm sure it will be', Dominica replied. She squeezed my hand gently. 'But are you interested in trying more?'
I froze. The words hung in the air as I glanced at James, and saw in his eyes the same uncertainty, apprehension and nervous excitement I was suddenly feeling at the implicit suggestion in Dominica's words. In coming to the sex club, we hadn't imagined we would even talk to the other patrons, let alone engage in whatever Dominica was offering. And yet my pussy was now tingling with excitement, as my mind flooded with images of my naked body locked around the guy sitting opposite me. I gulped, unsure how to respond, feeling the silence drag on and the sexual tension rising, until Daniel finally spoke.
'Be gentle Domi. You'll scare off the newbies'.
'I'm only teasing,' said Dominica with a devilish smile. 'Come on, let's get shots and then hit the dancefloor,' she added, pulling me to my feet. I followed her to the bar and knocked back two tequila shots in quick succession, trying to calm the butterflies in my stomach. Then we were back on the dancefloor, Dominica holding me closely as we swayed together to the music, our men watching closely from the sidelines. I could see James and Daniel talking together conspiratorially, their eyes glued on our every move.
'You know what really drives men wild?' Dominica whispered in my ear.
I knew. I'd wanted to try it from the moment I set eyes on her bright scarlet lipstick. I kissed her firmly, feeling the special softness of another woman. Her tongue darted gently into my mouth, and I felt her hand wandering up my body to gently caress my boobs. We dragged out the kiss, knowing we were now the centre of attention around the club. When we finished, I looked over to James and saw him watching intently. I could make out his fevered arousal just from his awkward posture in the chair.
'Mmmm', Dominica moaned in my ear as she grinded her body against mine. 'That was fun.'
'Looks like the boys enjoyed it as well,' I replied.
'Tell me', she asked. 'What do you think of Daniel?'
Disarmed by her directness, and the lingering warmth of our kiss, I had to reply honestly.
'Definitely my type.'
'Well how would you like...' -- she paused here, clearly enjoying teasing me -- 'to dance with him.'
I laughed nervously. 'Sure.'
Dominica beckoned the two men over, and they rose to their feet to join us. She intercepted James before he reached me, taking his hand.
'You're dancing with me hotstuff', she instructed. James looked at me expectantly and I nodded my permission. Soon they were dancing flirtatiously, Dominica flaunting her arse at him, touching him gently before gyrating away. Before I had time to feel jealous, Daniel was standing in front of me.
'May I have the next dance' he asked, holding out his hands. Mock chivalry or not, I was overcome, struggling to stand as my legs turned to jelly. I half collapsed into his arms, holding him tightly as we slow danced around the room, oblivious to the fast beat of the music. I pressed my face into his chest, inhaling his aftershave, mindfucking him furiously, imagining our naked bodies pressed together, riding the dick I could feel gently stirring in his pants. Perhaps it was the shots, perhaps it was the intoxication of the bold new experience, but I couldn't help myself. I slipped my hand around his neck and planted a gentle kiss on his lips. He returned the kiss passionately, holding me close. Moments later I came to my senses and pulled away, looking around for James. He was dancing closely with Dominica but his eyes were fixed on me, a mixture of confusion and arousal plastered across his face. I held his gaze guiltily.
'Sorry', I mouthed across the room.
'It's okay,' he mouthed back. He glanced down at Dominica, then looked back at me, the question writ large across his face. I nodded, understanding perfectly, and he leaned down to kiss Dominica. I felt my stomach knot in a contortion of jealousy and excitement. Torn between the shock of watching my husband kissing another woman, and the sexual arousal coursing through every inch of my body.
'Everything okay?' asked Daniel.
By way of answer, I pulled him into another kiss, using my body to show him just how turned on I was. It had been years since I had kissed any man other than James, and the effect was intoxicating. Knowing James was just across the room, kissing someone else, only heightened the intensity. Every inch of me was trembling and quivering, collapsing into Daniel. We kissed over and over, oblivious to the world around us, his lips gently tracing up my neck, along my cheeks, and then back onto my mouth. When we broke off, gasping for air, Daniel looked at me intensely.
'Are you ready to take this upstairs?'
I tried to hold his gaze, tried to stop shaking, but it was a lost cause. I was on a crazy speeding train I had no memory of boarding, and it was hurtling me headfirst along a track I had never contemplated taking. And yet I couldn't bear to stop. The deep ache in my pussy needed to ride this train to the final station.
'Let's go,' I managed.
He took me by the hand and led me to where James and Dominica were still locked together in a passionate embrace. They broke apart as we approached, Daniel and Dominica exchanging knowing glances, while James looked at me guiltily.
'Time to take this upstairs?' asked Dominica.
Daniel nodded. I shrugged and looked at James. 'Well, I think' stammered James. 'I mean, if you're okay...'
'Come on,' said Dominica, 'we can discuss details upstairs. Follow me.'
Taking charge, she steered us off the dancefloor and towards the door at the back of the room. We followed her up a narrow flight of stairs, ducked through a red curtain, and suddenly found ourselves surrounded by writhing naked bodies. My jaw dropped almost to the ground. It was more intense than even my most wild imaginings of what exactly went on inside a sex club. We were in a large open room with four beds joined together in the centre, and rows of couches around the outside. All around us were couples and groups going at it in all sorts of crazy configurations. Right ahead of me, I could see the women in the red dress I'd noticed earlier, perched on a bed on all fours while one man pumped into her from behind and the other plunged his dick into her mouth. On another bed so many bodies were tangled together it looked like a living organism. In the couches around the room different couples were fucking gently, or touching each other while watching the show around them. The air was filled was the unmistakable smell of sex, while a ripple of soft moans echoed backwards and forwards across the room.
'I know, very overwhelming on your first time' said Dominica with a chuckle. 'Let's find somewhere with a bit more privacy.'
I managed to tear my gaze away from the multiple orgies unfolding all around me, and followed Dominica as she picked a careful path through the room. She led us down another corridor with doors opening off along both sides. Some were closed, but in the rooms that were open I could see yet more naked bodies embracing in various stages of sex. Dominica came to a halt in front of an empty room.
'Okay, this one is free.' She cast a sultry glance at James and I. 'Time for you two to have a talk. Daniel and I are going to wait inside the room, and once you two have decided who's fucking who, come in and join us.' Daniel followed her into the room, leaving James and I standing awkwardly in the corridor.
'Well,' he began, 'it was our fantasy to be watched while we fuck. It seems like we're going to do that. Unless...'
I took a deep breath, and then blurted it out.
'Unless we swap.'
He nodded furiously. The unmistakable bulge in his pants told me he wanted to do it just as much as I did.
'I mean, we haven't talked about this before,' he said. 'It's a lot. And yet.'
'And yet they're two perfect strangers we'll never see again. If we're ever going to do it, it's going to be now.'
We locked eyes again, the silence hanging over us, neither willing to take the final leap. I steeled myself again.
'I want to do it.'
'Me too.'
'Then let's go. Before we change our minds.'
I leaned into kiss him, lingering a moment longer, and then led the way into the room. It was a small room, mostly filled by a large double bed. Dominica was standing by the bed coquettishly, while Daniel leaned against the wall. James followed me in and shut the door behind him.
'Well,' said Dominica, her voice dripping with lust, 'what did you decide?'
By way of answer, I launched myself against Daniel, pushing him down onto the bed and swinging my legs on top of him. Stradling his waist, I leaned down and kissed him passionately, grinding our crotches together. I was vaguely aware of James and Dominica crashing down onto the bed next to us, and then Daniel had ripped my dress of, unclipped my bra and buried his head in my boobs. My nipples exploded with pleasure as he licked at them hungrily, sending tremors coursing through my body and tingling my now dripping wet pussy. I unbuttoned his shirt with shaking fingers, ripped off his trousers and underwear, and finally held his pulsating dick in my hands. All I could take in was that it was long, and I wanted it inside me desperately. Sensing my urgency, he flipped me onto my back, removed my G-string, leaned over me and paused, his dick an inch away from my aching pussy.
'Are you ready?' he asked, looking down at me.
'Mmmmyeahhdoit' was all I could manage, and then he was inside me, slipping in easily and filling me up tightly. I writhed in pleasure as he started to thrust, moaning uncontrollably, one hand gripping the sheets to try and hold myself steady, the other wrapped around his back, pulling him into me deeper and deeper. In my peripheral vision I could make out James lying flat on his back and Dominica riding him vigorously, her perfect boobs jolting up and down in time with her thrusts. And then my mind was overcome with the same thought -- I'm fucking another man, there's another man's dick inside me, I'm fucking another man and I'm about to o god I'm about to -- I thrashed uncontrollably as the orgasm swept over me, lasting just long enough to feel the start of his climax. I pulled him into me further as he finished, wrapping my arms around him as we panted and slowly caught our breath. Next to me James had sat up and had his face buried in Dominica's boobs as she continued to slowly ride him, her face screwed up in orgasmic bliss.
Before I could properly register what had happened, I felt Daniel slip out of me, and then slowly begin to trace his tongue down my body, lingering at my nipples, moving down to my navel, and then finally arriving at my inner thighs.
'Do you want more?' he asked, looking up at me coyly.
I smiled and nodded greedily. Gently he began to kiss at my throbbing pussy, then with more pressure, using his tongue to lap at my clit. I felt the waves of pleasure building again, shooting up and down my body. I screwed my eyes shut and concentrated on the sensation, shutting out the outrageous scenario I found myself in, focusing only on the tongue licking hungrily against my clit. I felt his finger exploring the outside of my pussy, then forcing its way inside, stroking up and down, deep inside me.
'More,' I moaned, and gasped as I felt my pussy expanding to fit first the second, then a third finger. He began pumping them in and out, continuing to lick at my clit. I felt my second climax rising and tried to force it down, holding back the waves of pleasure. I pushed his head away from by pussy and spun around.
'Fuck me', I begged. 'Fuck me hard.'
'How shall I fuck you,' he grinned at me. A gentleman to the end. I glanced over to the other side of the bed and saw Dominica on all fours, with James fucking her furiously from behind. Were they onto their second round as well, I managed to wonder?
'Fuck me like that', I said.
Daniel moved me firmly into position, parted my legs, and then pushed his dick into me. He fucked me slow and deep at first, then more rapidly, slapping my arse back onto his dick. As he thrust me forward, I found myself face to face with Dominica. She leaned forward and kissed me softly, our faces mashing together as we were both fucked from behind. I reached forward and found her boob, squeezing it firmly and feeling the reaction shoot through her body. Again I felt my climax rising as Daniel thrust into me faster and faster, as Dominica stroked at my nipples, and this time I didn't fight it, letting the orgasm spread right up from my pussy, through my heaving chest and into my lips which were still locked onto Dominica's. I gasped my climax into her loving kiss, willing the moment to last forever, until finally I was crashing back to earth. I collapsed onto Daniel's chest and he held me firmly, caressing me tenderly. I gazed into space for what seemed like ages, enjoying the post-sex glow. Finally I looked over at Dominica and saw that she had also finished. I winked at her, and was rewarded with another gorgeous smile.
At that point James and I decided to call it a night. We'd already plunged head-first into the swinging scene when we'd only planned to carefully test the waters, and it was time to go home and talk it through. On the way out Dominica slipped me her number in case we wanted further adventures. Lying in bed that night, I was glad to find James and I on the same page. We'd both had fun. We could both handle the jealousy. And we both couldn't wait to try it all again.