Josie wasn't too good at domestic chores or taking orders. Her father had tried to teach her some discipline but as a teenager she had rebelled. So here she was a wanderer in search of something, not knowing what. She had been moving from place to place, living frugally, and slowly spending the inheritance.
Somehow she had taken to Pete so moved in, with meagre possessions, but with a load of personal baggage.
He didn't expect much or demand much, so just this once let herself be organised. Between them they had the house clean and tidy and she was ready to play another game.
Pete had a military father too but he had taken on board a sense of duty and discipline. Hence the scrubbed quarters and his demand that she not leave her clothes scattered across the bedroom floor. In a sulk Josie had collected all her clothes up and threw them into the washer only to realise there was nothing left to wear.
"Women always complain they've got nothing to wear though I must admit I've never known a woman travel so light. It's your fault the new dress is messed up, you dragged me into the back of the van, remember?" he reminded her, with a chuckle.
He liked the way she pouted when not getting her own way. He was teasing and she knew it but played along anyway.
"I won't wear it out for damn sake; I need it till my clothes are dry. It's the only one of yours that fits," she said. It looked as though she were going to stamp a foot in frustration.
"That is a special souvenir, a Rolling Stone concert no less. You're not wearing it!" he warned, with a loaded finger, aimed right at her. He looked at it knowing he would never be able to get into the old t-shirt again but this was a cherished reminder of a carefree youth.
"I can't go around naked!" she complained. Seeing the look of devilment on his face she realised why he was being so stubborn. It may have been a treasured item but there was more than an old t-shirt on his mind. "Here, keep your damn t-shirt," she said, throwing it at him and stomping off to the kitchen.
She didn't want him to see the cheeky grin developing on her face, not wanting him to realise she was ready to give in. If it was a game he was planning she wanted in as his games tended to end up real nice. She giggled then quickly calmed herself ready to confront him.
"I guess the machine won't take much longer. Are there any more chores or shall we eat?" Josie asked. She was nonchalantly walking around the house naked; watching him out of the corner of an eye, trying to catch what he was up to. Was this it? Did he just want her on display? This was no fun!
He was comfortably settled in front of the television which didn't suit her expectations at all. She brought him a beer and walked in front of the T.V. to deliver it. Her patience was running low. She bowed over him presenting a pair of small breasts almost thrusting them at him. Turning around she bent over a small table and backed up toward him with it. In that position she was showing off a pair of delicious lips squashed between tight thighs.
"You can park it here," she said. Her tone of voice was still matter of fact though she was becoming frustrated from being ignored.
"Here?" he said. She squealed in surprise as he pushed the ice cold can into her crotch. Already strung out from the waiting game she jumped with fright. While she was caught off guard he pulled her onto his lap and slapped her ass.
"That's for being a naughty tease," he laughed. "This is for being impatient," he said, as he slapped her again. She was laughing and struggling, out of breath or breathing hard from arousal. He knew if she really did want to get free there was no stopping her. She could hit out hard and wrestle with skill if she had a mind to.
Pete knew she was in the mood to play, expecting him to come up with something new, but he needed to slow her down. She had a tendency to get carried away while he wanted to make it last.
"You're a naughty vixen and need to learn some discipline," he told her.
"You told me that before," she returned. Remembering his words from the night they met led onto what happened next day. Being run out of town by the cops wasn't such a big deal but it hit home. She was drifting and not far off a lee shore, as her father would have warned.
"You think you're the one to teach me?" she teased.
He slapped her bottom, harder this time. "Don't you ever do as you're told?" he asked.
It stung but she held back the yelp. She didn't like this kind of game but got the sense he was just experimenting too. 'OK,' she thought, 'Let's see where we go, after all, every journey is an adventure.'
"Sorry sir, I'll be a good little girl, please don't spank me," she pleaded, contriving a little remorseful voice as best she could.
Pete slid her off his knees onto the floor at his feet. "Go stand in the corner and don't move," he ordered. He wanted to laugh at her girly act for it was so unlike her but didn't want to spoil the atmosphere. He knew it wouldn't last long as impatience would soon have her stomping around in frustrated irritation.
He strode to the bedroom to set things up then quickly to the bathroom. Back in the lounge he told her, "Stop fidgeting. Is your ass sore? Just come over here," he told her, knowing she wouldn't admit her red cheeks were tender.
She stood before him naked, swinging her hips with hands clasped behind her back. The innocent expression on her face didn't work. She was sticking out her breasts at him then swinging her pussy forward. The temptress was working on him, so he had to slow her down, and demonstrate he was the boss.
Pete didn't plan on becoming too worked up before he had a chance to work on her. He wanted to heat her up and push her a little further toward what he wanted. Unsure as to the direction he nevertheless wanted to try something out. Try something, hell he wanted to try everything! She was a beautiful sexy young woman and a chance like this only came along once in a life time.
They only had to be in the same room together for sexual tension to have them both excited, badly needing sex. He also knew she would become bored with plain ordinary fucking, so it was important to quickly find out what would keep her interest. He had already found out she had an exhibitionist streak so would build upon it.
He pulled her down over his knee and she shrieked in keeping with the act. This time he rubbed her sore bottom with ointment. "Is that better?" he asked.
"Thank you, sir. Thank you for soothing my bottom. Thank you for punishing your naughty girl. Your naughty girl needs to learn discipline, sir" she said in the little voice, trying not to giggle. If she had known it annoyed him she would have put more effort into it.
One hand massaged her back and shoulders while fingers teased her sex. Just missing her lips he rubbed the grease around her pussy and over her sore bottom. When she started to suck in air loudly through an open mouth and nose, it revealed how turned on she was. She was becoming more pliable. His fingers slipped between her cheeks over her asshole.
Pushing at her asshole he felt it tense, so he ran the fingers back over her swollen lips. With both hands concentrating on her pussy she relaxed. With a thumb pressing her little hard button and a finger exploring inside she became limp over is lap. He slid the fingers of both hands between her thighs until she gave in completely.
He watched her opening up, twitching to every movement of his fingers. Both hands were working on her sex, inside and out. Fingers slid up between her cheeks over her asshole but this time she didn't tense up.
A small finger slipped into her greasy asshole. It clenched around his finger for a moment then relaxed; opening up a little. He pushed ever so slowly then started to pump faster in her asshole in time with the fingers in her pussy. In a smooth movement he replaced the little finger with his ring finger while wriggling another two in her pussy.
Josie could hear the little pathetic mewling sounds but couldn't stop. For once someone had taken her over leaving a bundle of raw nerves needing to be scratched. The need for his soothing fingers started calmly when they skimmed over her bottom becoming insistent as they progressed to her lips. She had nearly begged him to touch her there. On feeling him delve in she gave in completely.
Whatever he wanted to do to her she would submit to just so long as those delicious fingers gave so much pleasure. The sensations were radiating out from her pussy throughout her body. Growing in intensity the feelings left her helpless, needing exactly what he was doing and lots of it. The more he touched the more she needed it.
"Don't stop, don't stop," she demanded. It was like being caught on the edge of a diving board, not wanting to fall just yet, knowing the thrill was inevitable. She was losing rational thought. Clouds of meaningless ideas misted her mind. This was not going to be a sudden orgasm for it was building slowly into something amazing.
It felt so near it hurt, so she tried harder to cum, but the finishing line retreated agonisingly further away. She struggled to reach it, only to be taken further into the unknown. Where it might end didn't matter any more, just so long as she arrived. If her body exploded with the white heat generated from between her legs, spreading through her belly to her breasts and beyond, so be it.
"Do you want to cum?" he whispered in her ear. He had to repeat the question for she was in a far away place where words lost their meaning. She relied on touch, his touch.
"Please," she said, the word elongated almost out of recognition on an outward rush of breath.
Pete stopped his fingers in and around her pussy. A finger up her ass continued to delve gently. The low rumble of noise from her throat broadcast a clear message of pitiful anguish.
"Please, Sir, let me cum make me cum, please" she croaked.
That was more like it, that's what he wanted to hear. His fingers worked upon her like the devil. Insidiously he played her like an instrument, not an instrument of torture, her body was a tool of pure gratification. Needing to cum but unable to reach the final goal was a dreadful form of torture but she knew, without doubt, it must be endured to reach nirvana. All she could do was lay there letting him work her hard. Her body was all his then at the last moment her mind became his too.
"I'm cumin," she trilled. In a high pitched squeak. In a throaty roar, she announced her fulfilment over and over again. Her voice sounded surprised when she repeated it in a prolonged announcement.
More gently and less frenetically he played with her. He squeezed every last drop of pleasure from her juicy container. The words were repeated, as she needed him to keep playing the wonderful tune. She sounded delirious as she continued to repeat the magic words. It wasn't a multiple orgasm it was continuous cum.
As though trying to keep her in a state of delirium for ever he gently stroked her sex and asshole which had become super sensitive. Every movement generated a quiver of flesh and muscle. He began to experiment with strokes that elicited a cheek spasm; another touch trembled thighs, while a nail over a swollen lip curled her toes.
Pressing her swollen bud then scratching it with a thumbnail brought on a trembling of her entire body. With every teasing touch another aftershock of an orgasm racked her body and mind. He enjoyed playing with her with finger tips and blowing upon a hot little box. A hand hovered gently over her bottom and thighs, hardly touching the sensitised flesh. The little whimpers of bliss were gratifying.
His fingers ached as must her pussy and asshole. He let her loll there supine, obviously depleted. It looked as though her stuffing had been removed or she was a blow-up doll with a puncture.
He too felt exhausted from watching her orgasm over and over. He could and often did work hard all day without feeling this tired, but the strenuous emotion had drained him.
"No more, please, sir," she croaked.
At last he could relax. He sat back with eyes closed, both hands resting heavily on her bottom and back. This would keep her interest, he hoped. If not he was in trouble. Still, this kind of trouble could be interesting he chuckled to himself, and fell into a light doze.
***
Shaking his head awake he pulled her into his arms. Rocking up from the sofa he managed to stand with the dead weight of an inert body. He hadn't heard of anyone dying from an orgasm but guessed it might be possible after watching such an exhibition.
He carried her into the bedroom. Used to carrying the heavy materials for building work, he decided this was more difficult, but so much more enjoyable. If he ever became bored with carrying a naked woman into his bedroom, that was the time to give up life.
He plonked her down on the bed and grabbed a dressing gown cord attached to the bed-head. He pushed the ready made loop around her wrist.
She noticed him pull something tight around a wrist and on trying to pull away found the other hand was secure too. Still feeling drained and drowsy she could do nothing but watch as though from a distance.
"What are you doing?" she murmured. She licked dry lips and flicked her eyelids trying to restore muzzy thoughts into something more substantial.
His hand slid down a leg holding it flat to the bed and looped an old tie over one ankle then the same to the other ankle. He watched her squirming, huffing and puffing from exertion for a moment, until she again sank into the bed exhausted. He pulled at each of the ropes in turn pulling her limbs taut over the bed.
"Let me go! I don't like this, it's not my thing," she grumbled. Her voice wasn't much more than a whisper. It didn't sound very convincing either.
"You had your fun, now it's my turn," he challenged.
"I mean it! I want out," Josie said. Unable to move much she had to concentrate on talking him out of it. Before she could martial her thoughts he interrupted.
"You are always driving, don't you ever relax? Are you afraid to let someone take charge for once?" he asked. He watched her hesitate a moment. He draped a black cloth over the pillow beside her head. She strained her eyes, looking sideways, trying to discover what it was.
"It's a blindfold. I'm not going to use it unless you want me to," he told her, while stroking her hair.
"What are you going to do to me," she sniffed, trying to sound unconcerned.
"Don't you trust me?" he asked.
The devilish smile on his face didn't for once beget trust. "I don't trust anyone, that way I'm not disappointed," she stated, with a mean streak showing strongly. "After what you did earlier, well, I guess I could give you a chance," she said. Her face relaxed into a pleasant smile, obviously from thinking about his playing with her.
"I'm going to tickle and tease you. Kiss and caress you," he said plainly, as though thinking over a list of barbecue meats, purposely bereft of excitement. Having warned her he bent low over an exposed bellybutton and blew a raspberry in it. She giggled in a cute girly way. He kissed and licked her belly making progress up toward a heaving breast.
"Its torture but I can stand it," she sighed. A blissful look overcame the remnants of a suspicious expression.
He fished under the bed for a razor and brush. She giggled lightly at first from the tickling bristles until realising what he was about to do.
"No!" she crooned, elongating the little word out for emphasis. "It'll itch like hell when it grows out," she complained plaintively. Feeling him purposely tickle her lips the complaints lessened as she became ever more aroused. The brush was finding every crack and crevice at her crotch with teasing sensations threatening to send her over the edge.
Even the razor gliding over the fine hairs sensitised her crotch. It wasn't just her pussy on fire it was everywhere between her thighs. He pulled upon her lips and propped her up on a pillow under her hips to get every last hair, until she was completely bald.
He blew upon her, fanning the flames with his hot breath. His fingers explored all those newly exposed tender places that had become so responsive she began to whimper. Needing to grab a hold of him, to pull him close, she pulled desperately upon her bonds. The frustration matched the need within her pussy.
She didn't feel a hand squeezing a breast, teeth nipping a nipple, fingers inside her pussy, a finger up her anus with a thumb rubbing her bud, as it all became one great throbbing sensation. It was as though her whole body and mind had become a mere extension of her sex.
Pete could feel the heat of her cunt rising up at him. With every touch of her body she twitched uncontrollably. With every part of him working upon her flesh she quaked as though trying to get at him, desperate to have him inside her. The soft moans became urgent pleas not to stop then back to deep rumbling animal like grunts. The occasional sob for his cock was heard among the unintelligible groans as though she were in pain.
He was going to tease her until it felt like torture, for both of them then he would fuck her. After that he would get her to fuck him. After that, if he was still awake, well, they would find out.
***
After sharing a shower they were at last ready for food. Looking over her shoulder with a look of daring she got what she wanted. He chased her toward the kitchen, catching her to playfully slap a bare cheek up the short dress.
"OK! You win, you're the boss," Josie laughed. "What do you want for breakfast?"
"I'll make the breakfast," Pete sighed.
"After yesterday I'll do anything, what you did to me, I just don't know. I didn't know it could be like that. Is that what it's like when you're married?" she asked.
"No. It depends on the couple I suppose. We seem to bring out something in each other. Nice?" he asked.
"Nice? Bloody fantastic! I want to feed you up so you can do it again. I'm even willing to go all domestic. Do you want me to be your little girly? I'll even play along with that! Whatever it takes to turn you on, I'm game," she laughed.
There was genuine happiness in her voice with the whole body language joyfully vibrant. He had never heard her sing before. She didn't know all the words to 'One Day at a Time' but hummed along between phrases. She was even wearing a dress instead of the usual jeans and t-shirt. He noticed in the sunshine she wore no underwear.
"Sit! I'm hungry so I'll cook as long as you learn, sometime," he chided her.
"If you give me a chance between fucks," she teased.
"My favourite!" she said, between gulps. "You can't beat a fried breakfast."
Pete hardly got a word in but was happy to listen to the inane chatter. He watched her push the plate away and stretch close across the table.
"You want me to tie you up today?" she asked, with a devilish grin lighting her eyes. "You told me I always want to be in control but you are a hundred times worse than me," she teased. "Don't you ever let go?"
"No and No," he smiled, though the look was serious.
"OK! You can tie me up if you like," she said, and leant closer over the table. "Or, you could take me right now over the kitchen table," she said, with a throaty whisper. The smile faded leaving an earnest look. The sleepiness had gone; her eyes were wide with the whites showing bright, glinting with morning sunshine.
"I'm tempted. You're not wearing panties so I could just lift the back of that little light summer dress and slam into you. I can almost smell your sex from here. You're ready for it," he paused, seeing her listening intently and the imperceptible nod of agreement.
"You'd be easy to take, being all worked up. I bet your wet an open, just ready for my dick," he said, and cocked his head to one side, turning it into a question.
"Yes!" she gasped.
"Tell me," he demanded.
"Just fuck me," she demanded, then relented. "Please! Hell, I'm like a bitch on heat around you. What you do to me is diabolical. Stop looking at me with those big sad old eyes. OK!" she said in frustration. She licked her lips, not meaning it to be sensual, just needing to from dryness. She had been breathing faster and deeper, obviously aroused.
"Please, sir. Your little girly needs to be spanked, she has been so naughty," she pleaded. Grabbing hold of the table she pulled her body over it pressing her sex against the edge. "Teach your little girly some discipline, sir. Then fuck me hard," she breathed out all in one breath.
When he just looked at her with a taunting smile she knew he wanted more. "Please, sir, I'll behave and do as I'm told. I just need to feel your big hard cock filling my juicy cunt," she broke off with a gasp, surprised at the lewd language. With a pained expression she continued. "I'll be a good slut, please fuck your slut, please!" she moaned.
"Your right, you need to learn some discipline, you can't have it all your own way all the time," he told her.
"What?" she exclaimed. A look of dire disappointment turned to anger.
"We're not playing slap the girly game today," he laughed.
"Shit! Look at you, your ready too. Why not just do it?" she asked. A look of shame flashed across her face to be replaced by anger. Her voice was raised now. She walked quickly around the table to get at him, all the time flexing her hands into fists. "You bastard, come here! You can't wind me up like that!" she wailed.
She followed him through the kitchen door looking mean enough to fight. "Get in," he told her. She stopped by the work-van hesitating. The look of curiosity on her face reflected she had just worked out he planned this whole routine that had brought her out here. Still looking mean she began to climb in.
She thought he was helping and was about to tell him to get lost. Instead he whipped the dress up her back. With head and arms trapped in it he slapped her ass then gripped her breasts. One leg was up in the van unintentionally spreading her legs for him. Still on fire she pressed back with her bare ass not caring they were outside.
The unexpected attention stopped the profane refusal of help and the complaint of having the dress raised too. Before she could rally he had the dress off and shoved her into the van. He locked the door before she knew what was happening.
She covered her breasts and clamped her legs tight together. He had her worked up again, although she hadn't really come back down from the kitchen teasing. Damn! She thought about what he did to her yesterday and told herself to be patient. She knew it would be worth the wait but he had her so needy it was difficult.
When he climbed in she looked at him with venom in her eyes.
"If looks could kill!" he laughed. "You said I could do anything with you," he offered in defence. When they drove off she still said nothing.
"Where are you taking me?" she eventually asked.
She sounded suitably chastened and on guard. "Are you ready for anything?" he asked. When she didn't answer he nudged her with a hard finger. "You trust me now don't you?" he asked, flashing a big smile.
"I guess, sure, maybe. No-one else is going to be involved are they?" she asked, hesitantly.
"Not directly. We need gas and you're filling it up," Pete told her.
"No!" she exclaimed. Josie looked at him to see if he was serious. It was bad enough riding around naked in his van. "Please, Sir," she said. The little girl voice was put on telling him she was willing to co-operate in playing a game but there had to be a boundary.
"You may speak, girl," he said firmly. This was much better; she was learning to ask rather than demand. He didn't care much for the little girl thing but she was learning who was in charge.
She snorted in disgust but complied anyway. "Your naughty girl doesn't want, can't go outside naked, please, Sir," she stated.
He let her stew for a bit. The route out of town was selected for the lack of traffic as Pete didn't want to push her too far, yet.
"Your dress is in back, if you need it," he said, leaving it as a dare.
She looked over her shoulder but didn't make a move for it. The consternation was plain on her face. It looked as though she wanted to cover her naked body but was still burning enough to want to play a game. Josie had learnt it was worth playing his game under his rules.
When they pulled into a gas station he sat looking at her.
"What must your girl do, Sir," she asked. She flashed him a look of anger but there was a glint of passion in her eyes too. Whether she liked it or not her sex was forcing her to play along.
"You can get your dress, if you must, then its up to you," he told her. His firm tone sounded like an order. A few days ago she would have rebelled against it but he watched her prepare herself. There was a choice to be made. Turn around and bend over the back of the seat to reach the dress meant showing off her ass, or, get out naked and dress in the back of the van.
There were no customers around so she nipped out and slid open the side door. Grabbing the dress she quickly pulled it over her head.
"Hey, you'll need this, unless you intend to pay in kind," he told her. She took the notes and strode off to get the pump switched on. Pete watched the guy watching her. She came back, still in a huff, to pump gas.
Pete watched the attendant staring at her silhouette through the light cotton dress. It was a surprise when she bent over facing away from the store. There wasn't much of a breeze but it wouldn't take much to lift the hem.
Pete thought he could see the old guy rub himself while gazing intently at her. He was probably wishing fervently for the wind to get up. It was clear she wore nothing underneath and the silhouette gave a tantalising foretaste of a well rounded ass.
The pump clicked off. Josie looked at the meter seeing only half the cash had been used up with the van's tank brimming. Passing Pete she poked her tongue out with a devilish grin. She knew he had planned it this way, making her go back in for change.
By now the guy had a good look at her and liked what he saw. He counted some notes then pretended there wasn't enough in the register. "Can I get you anything else, save getting change out back?" the old guy asked.
He was obviously keeping her in the store wanting to get a better look at her. Well, let's give the old guy a thrill she thought. It might have been a repulsive thought before Pete had introduced her to such naughty ideas. Besides, she was aroused and frustrated, ready to make someone else suffer too.
"I'll take a look," she shrugged. Bending over just enough, without revealing too much, was an art form all women knew well. Josie bent over, giving a tantalising view of her thighs, and picked up a can of nuts. "Is this out of date?" she asked. He hurried over and stood too while closely examining the bottom of the can.
She bent over shoving it back on the low shelf pressing up against his leg with her ass. "Sorry," she blushed. The colour in her cheeks wasn't from embarrassment, as she pretended, it was from a surge of inner heat.
"If you want nuts there's a box in back, you can check them out," he suggested.
The way he looked at her she dare not, so shook her head and moved on along the shelves. He looked like a rough farmer, around fifty, who had worked outside all his life. Perhaps she should leave him alone and just leave.
"Oh! I just love party poppers," she managed to say without giggling. She felt so naughty she couldn't help acting like an innocent young girl.
"The shelving won't take my weight, you'll do it OK? Just step up there," he said, pointing to a shelf.
"Are you sure sir, I'm not good at climbing," she lied. Having scaled an army assault course, with her father bellowing at raw recruits, this was a piece of cake. Her fathers trick worked every time as the weakest of the recruits put the extra effort in just to beat his little girl to the finish.
She put a foot on a low shelf to timidly pull herself up. "Don't let me fall, sir," she said, in a small fragile voice. It was her turn to tease someone and she was enjoying it. This was almost better than wrestling a man to the floor.
He placed his hand low on her back close to her ass, only just within decency. Hesitating as though afraid to reach up she asked, "I can't look down. Where can I put my foot? Will it take my weight?" she asked.
"You're just a little thing you'll be fine, no problem," he said.
She could hear the big grin in his voice. Josie felt his big old calloused hand grip an ankle as he positioned it onto the next shelf up. "Oh! I'm not sure about this," she sighed expressively.
"Keep going you're nearly there," he told her.
A hand on her rump pushed her up close to the rack. Both hands left her body leaving her clinging on.
He grabbed her ankles. "Don't worry I've got you," he said, not bothering to sound reassuring. He was scrunched down, almost kneeling, looking up the dress.
"Don't let me fall, sir," she said timidly, as though afraid. If she fell now the hold on her ankles would be useless but he didn't care about that. She didn't either.
"You can't reach up like that you need to spread your weight over the shelf. Here, I'll place your foot better," he told her. Lifting a foot he placed it further over spreading her legs apart.
Her newly shaved pussy was so sensitive she could feel his heavy breathing upon her moist lips. "I think I can reach," she said. Stretching up pulled her apart giving him an even better view of her slit. She had been teased all morning leaving it swollen and open.
Looking down at him it was obvious she had teased him to much. He was ready to reach up for what he could clearly see was ripe and juicy, ready for the picking. She couldn't let him touch her and was feeling just a little sordid at the thought of it. It would be her fault too which only made her feel worse.
An emergency descent and escape was called for. "I'm going to fall!" she exclaimed in alarm. It was really a warning that she was jumping down out of his way.
She half turned and miss-timed the drop to fall into his up stretched arms. The little dress snagged on his large calloused hands ruffling up under her bust.
"Oh! Thank you sir," she said gratefully, pretending to be unaware of her nakedness.
He took a firm hold of her elbows pinning them to her sides, effectively holding the dress up. "Oh my, I'm sorry sir. I'm so clumsy!" she shivered as though scared from the fall.
He slid his arms around her for a hug. "It's OK, girl, nothing broken. You're alright," he breathed heavily into her hair. He patted her back then her bottom.
"My dress! What must you think of me?" she fluttered, like a little bird in distress. He didn't notice the elbow in a rib pushing him away. He just stumbled back taking in the sight of a pair of shapely legs, topped by thin thighs squeezing together a shaved pussy.
He stood there licking his lips watching her perform a worthy vaudeville routine. Instead of pulling the dress swiftly down, she managed to trap a hand knotting it under her breasts. "Please, help me cover myself," she implored.
He pushed a rough hand up what was left of the dress covering her bust, attempting to pull her hand free. She felt his hand over her breast and genuinely looked startled though it wasn't from fear. She was astonished at how far she was going with what was intended to be just a simple little tease. She made a mental note not to underestimate the effect of her arousal when playing a game.
Another tug freed his hand from her breast and the dress fell down around her thighs. "I'm sorry, sir," she stammered. Her cheeks flushed with genuine embarrassment.
Looking down, unable to look him in the eye, she noticed the tent in his trousers collapsing.
A little shiver of distaste ran through her body knowing she had given the old guy satisfaction. He had seen her slick pussy close up, patted her bare ass and felt her tits. She couldn't blame him for coming in his pants rather it left a nasty feeling of being at fault.
She wondered how many women let their man cum without receiving satisfaction themselves. On that basis she just had sex with this old man. Having sex with a complete stranger in a public place made it all the more disgraceful.
He had cum in his pants but didn't seem embarrassed or annoyed. He looked so pleased she began to feel happy for him. He wasn't leering at her or unpleasant about it he seemed as embarrassed as she was.
Not knowing what to say, she squirmed on the spot. "Please don't tell anyone of my unseemly behaviour, sir," she said with a shy smile.
He gruffly murmured something. She raised the party poppers and he nodded.
Josie sprinted out of the store. On the run to the van she wondered if she had just had sex for a pack of party poppers.
"Where's the change?" Pete asked.
"I'll owe you," she said, patting non-existent pockets. A weary grin spread across her face but she couldn't tell Pete why. She had just worked out she had effectively paid that old guy for sex.
"I got these, OK!" she said, holding up the party poppers.
They travelled awhile in silence until she was ready to tell him what happened. The whole sordid story came out with little embarrassed giggles. Josie kept interrupting herself with the phrase, "I can't believe I did that."
Pete couldn't believe it either. She had been a bit of a 'Tom boy' when he met her, ready to fight anyone who touched her.
"You had better be more careful later. We're on our way to a BDSM club," he said, looking straight at the road while straining his senses for a reaction.
"Oh!" she said.
They travelled a few miles before curiosity got the better of her. "What's it like?"
"No idea, never been. Don't worry I'll keep a close eye on you," he chuckled.