Mans (and woman's as well!) fascination with their cars has long been known. With the development of autonomous vehicles, a whole new opportunity awaits the passenger or passengers. Besides taking in the passing scenery, what else could occupy the time for long distance commutes or trips? What follows is something for tomorrows auto makers to consider. If they haven't already. Coming to a highway near you in the very near future!
-
The meeting had been announced at the end of the week with the somewhat cryptic message sent around to all users via the company intranet. All employees from the production line to the main offices of the auto manufacturer were able to attend, either in person or via the broadcast datalink. With nearly three thousand employees, the possibility of chaos was very real. Accommodations were made for workers on different time zones or on other shifts and a strict one hour time limit was noted. What got everyone buzzing was the topic.
"Acme motors will be presenting the future of the company and will be actively soliciting the ideas of the entire company. You all have a vested interest and we want everyone to be a part of this event. Monday morning, 10:00 a.m. EST."
It was ostensibly from the Corporate Board of Directors, but everyone knew that was merely the front for Thomas Dearing, the reclusive majority owner of the company. Dearing was eccentric but always had the best interest in his company in mind, and usually his employees.
-0-
Pam and Sam both worked in the logistics department of Acme motors. That meant that if something had to get from point A to point B in they company, they probably had something to do with it. It also meant that if the assembly line shut down for a lack of something, they were probably going to catch hell about it. They had actually met in college, and had found that not only did they work well together, they also fit well together as a couple. They hadn't had plans for the weekend, so the main topic for Saturday and Sunday was the Monday meeting. Interrupted by sex and the need to walk their rescue pup.
Pam lay back in the bed as Sam collapsed next to her after an afternoon romp. She felt good, warm, excited, comfortable. She could feel Sam's hot cum begin to seep out from her still engorged labias. The nookie towel she kept by the bed was in reach and she grabbed it and held it between her legs. She contemplated finishing herself off with her fingers, Sam did enjoy watching her do that, but he seemed ready for a recharging nap. "Babe, I'm going to take Buster out for a walk and probably hit the shower when I get back. Maybe join me? For the shower, not the walk." She sat up and bounced a little on the towel and got as much of the sticky liquid as she could.
"Mmmm-hmmm." was all Sam could mumble into the pillow. It had been a long week and Pam could be an energetic partner. He better rest a little and recharge before she got back and got in the shower. Good clean fun was what they called it, and it was good. Some of their best sex happened in that shower. Who knew that a couple of what people thought of as geeks could fuck like rabbits? Sam hadn't known that side of Pam in college. Maybe she hadn't known that side of herself. But they were certainly trying to make up for any lost time since they had moved in together shortly after they both began working at Acme. Sam drifted off for that recharging nap.
Pam had thrown on a tshirt and some shorts. She didn't bother with underwear, especially since she was planning to just jump in the shower when she got back. She saw Sam pass out on the bed as she and Buster headed for the door. It seemed funny to her how they reacted differently following sex. Coupling seemed to energize her, but knocked Sam out. He did make a nice recovery usually, but he could go down for the count after he came. Taking the dog out for a nice walk helped her burn off a little energy as well as think a bit.
A block or so away from home Buster stopped to sniff a pole. Facebook for dogs was what Sam called it. They clearly passed along a good bit of information with their scent, why not assume some of it was gossip? She chuckled a little to herself as she imagined what it might be. "Hey, I think that new poodle, Snookums just got lucky with that bulldog, Winston. Damn, that's going to be some ugly puppies. Hope they are spayed or neutered. Smells like Samson, the Golden Lab was put on a new diet." She was getting far too deep into it when Buster decided to move along.
Changing gears, she started thinking about Monday. There could be a number of topics for the meeting, but she couldn't think of any that were particularly good. Pam and Sam were probably in a good department if it meant downsizing or layoffs, but even so, they were the youngest and had less seniority than most of the others. But she tried to always have a positive attitude and not worry about things that she had no control over. As she and Buster headed back to the apartment she was looking forward to the shower. It was warm enough and she had exerted enough energy to have broken a sweat, so the hot shower was needed for several reasons. She hoped Sam was well rested and ready for a little "good, clean fun".
-0-
Sam heard the door close in the fog of being not quite awake and not quite asleep. A moment later he heard Buster come into the bedroom to see if he was awake or if he had turned into something edible. Seeing neither, the dog headed back to the kitchen. The water came on in the bathroom which stirred Sam a little more. He became aware of a nice erection, pretty much some nice morning wood that had developed while he napped. "Be a shame to waste that" he said mostly to himself and he rolled out of the bed and headed to the shower.
Sam could see Pam behind the shower curtain and saw the steam rising. He watched her outline for a moment as she soaped herself up. He found the opaque curtain presented a nice image of Pam. She had a firm body, but full figure. Great curves and a nice round ass. They varied their play in the shower, sometimes taking turns going down on each other and trying not to drown, face to face, but Sam thought he would try from behind today. He felt himself get even harder as he pulled back the curtain to join Pam in the shower.
"I was beginning to wonder if you had gone back to sleep" Pam said as she let the water beat on her face without looking at Sam. "I would have pouted all night if you had."
Sam wrapped an arm around her and stepped behind her. He leaned her forward slightly and reached to her ass, rubbing it firmly as he moved lower to begin rubbing between her legs. "Mmmm. There is something very wet and hot right there. You up for a little doggy action, Babe?" He didn't wait for a reply, feeling her already moist and open he placed the tip of his hard cock at her opening. He saw Pam lean slightly forward as the water spilled of them both. He grasped her hips and with a slightly move he watched as his cock disappeared inside her. He slid slowly in as far as he could and felt her pussy close tightly around him. "Ahhhhh" was all he could manage to say while he savored the feeling of her soft flesh against him and her second set of lips around his dick.
Pam felt his hardness, it was more than earlier. Clearly a short break had renewed him. She felt it slide into her deeply from behind and she tensed her muscles to hold him tightly inside her and was rewarded with his sigh. "Come on Sam, start pumping me. I want you to fuck me hard. Give me that cock." She bent a little more forward and braced herself against the wall. The image of a felon being strip searched came to mind. Arms and legs spread she was in perfect position to receive Sam's thrusts.
"Okay, Babe. Here it comes. Not stopping until I fill you up with another load." With that Same began to slide in and out with increasing vigor. The wet flesh slapped together creating a wonderful sound that made them both excited. The water flew off them as they joined together again and again. Sam's erection filled Pam nicely and her tensing and releasing her muscles excited Sam, urging him on. The slapping sound and pelting spray served as a perfect soundtrack for their activity.
Pam felt it first, The hot water hitting her back, the sound of their bodies colliding and the feel of Sam's cock going in and out of her added up to a building tension which began to release. She felt it move from her toes up her legs, a growing sense of urgency, a tingle that began to center between her legs. The tingle grew and soon became a gush of heat mixed with pulsing rolls of her muscles all centered around the hard cock that pierced her time and time again. Sam began to feel Pam tense up and then her pussy seemed to grab at him adding to the already hot sensation. He moved in faster and felt himself beginning to come. He buried himself deep in Pam and held her hips firmly against him. Her ass cheeks were flat against him as he started the pulses that indicated he was squirting a stream of hot liquid deep inside Pam. "You feel it, Pam, feel that hot load going in you? Here comes another. Take it all, Babe. Take every last drop.
They held joined together without moving for a moment. The water beat on them, as they savored the mutual feeling of being drained. As Sam withdrew from Pam a trail of thick white liquid escaped and made its' way to the drain, following the water into the escape. Another string followed and more oozed out as the two bodies parted. They joined in one more kiss and pressed together before Pam pulled away from Sam. "If I stay in here much longer, I will turn into a prune! I'm done for now." She reached up and kissed him on the cheek and exited the shower leaving Sam to rinse off in the flow of warm water.
-0-
Monday arrived and the offices of Acme Motors were buzzing well before the usual 9:00 a.m. starting time. By the time the meeting was scheduled every seat in the large auditorium was filled, conference rooms packed around the companies' sites and terminals tuned into the interactive channel. The assembly line did something it rarely did, whined to a complete halt just before the screens came to life, Sam and Pam had been fortunate to slide into the back of the main auditorium so they were viewing the event live. Although they were not too worried, Sam did slide his hand down and grasped Pam's hand to show and seek support. She held it as the meeting began.
The room lights dimmed and the stage lights brightened. Several monitors around the room sprang to life showing the stage that was in front of them. A single person, Thomas Dearing, emerged and moved to center stage. Wearing a miniature microphone that was barely visible, he began the meeting. He was nothing if not prompt. It was 10:01 a.m. "I know you are all intrigued by this unorthodox meeting, so I will cut to the chase. There are no layoffs or negative announcements to be made. With that out of the way, the reason I convened this company-wide meeting is to announce a new direction for Acme Motors. A direction we all share in." Dearing paused for a moment.
The curtain behind him slowly began to raise and he continued. "As you see behind me, the first Acme Autonomous Vehicle has arrived. We now have a completely driverless car commercially available to the public. While extraordinary, it is not unique. And, as you know Acme always strives to be unique." Dearing again paused as the sleek vehicle spun slowly behind him on the turntable. The doors opened revealing a compartment for passengers but not driver. Seats were facing each other and it looked more like a diner booth on the inside than a car interior. "This meeting today is to announce our entry into this market, but primarily it is to issue a challenge to all employees. Find and submit something that will make this vehicle unique among all the other entries into the marketplace. We have about 45 minutes remaining in our corporate town hall and I will be turning the logistics of this challenge over to each of the assigned leaders. Thank you and continue to make Acme live up to its' definition - 'The Best'". With that he left the stage.
The moment of silence was followed by murmurs and whispers between the several hundred people in the auditorium and undoubtedly was repeated in the other venues. Pam looked at Sam and shrugged. "So, this is the big announcement? A challenge to make the autonomous car 'unique'? Seems pretty unique as it is. How do you think we can improve on that?" She pointed at the vehicle still rotating on the stage.
"I don't know, but let's hear what they have to say. I bet we could come up with some ideas. Here comes a boss, I guess she's giving out the info." Sam turned back to the stage.
"Okay folks. You heard Mr. Dearing. We are actively seeking new concepts to make the Acme Autonomous Vehicle or 'AAV' the foremost transport of today." Jenna Hoskins announced to the group and numerous other managers did around the company. She had been a part of Acme from the start, having started in Marketing and moved to Human Resources, so she had a sincere interest in making the company succeed. "The complete details of the program to brand the AAV are being passed around and will be in everyone's inbox later this morning. But suffice it to say, we want to tap into the creative juices that make Acme an industry leader and we know that creativity is never defined by your job title or any other distinction. Essentially, we have a new mode of transportation which frees the passenger from the chores of driving. What can be done with this new found time? That is the question we are seeking to answer!" Her marketing background was starting to show but it seemed that she was genuinely excited about the promotion. "A couple of details to point out, and then you are on your own! First, the Marketing department and upper management team are excluded from this program. Secondly, those staff members are available to any employee who wishes to avail themselves of them. Whether to explore concepts or help in practical design, the members of the upper management and Marketing team are committed to making your ideas work! Now, read over the flyers and back to your assigned areas. Have a great week!"
-0-
The rest of the day was a blur for Sam and Pam. They had a backlog of orders to shepherd through to the various plants, some supply chain issues that needed to have kinks worked out and in general the typical Monday issues. They didn't have much time to think about the AAV program until the drive home.
Sam started the talking. "So, when we get one of those new Autonomous cars, we'll have at least the half hour for the ride in and back home. What could we do with that extra time? I guess that is the way I see this challenge. What would you rather be doing now instead of commuting?"
Pam had been thinking along those same lines, but not necessarily about the vehicle. She slid a hand along Sam's leg going from his calf up closer to his crotch. "Well, if we had a free half hour, I could think of something we could do. Maybe even twice." She chuckled, even though she knew Sam was a little sensitive about how he sometimes finished early in their lovemaking. She knew he knew she was fine with how he compensated with his fingers and tongue. Her hand moved to his zipper and she thought she could feel something stir beneath the jeans. "You think we could try the concept out right now? I mean, you do need to watch the road, but I can think of a couple things I could do in the next few minutes if you would like, Sam." She slowly rubbed the growing bulge that was rising in his pants. "How about a little suck on that cock of yours while you keep both hands on the wheel? Or maybe I let him out and jack you off. How about it?"
Sam stared straight ahead, but it was clear the idea was agreeable to him as his cock strained against the fabric of his pants. "I think you might be onto an idea here. But maybe we go with the handjob. I remember an old movie with Robin Williams where a blow job in a car didn't have a very happy ending. 'The World According to Garth' or something like that. But Hell yeah, I'll focus on the road and you see what you can do. There's a towel in the glove box if you want." Sam moved a little in the seat and gave Sam a little better angle at his pants under the seatbelt. He wondered if this would fall into the safe sex category if he left the belt on.
"Yeah, I remember hearing about that movie. From the early 80's, 'Garp', I think. The car gets hit while he is getting sucked and she bites his wiener off. Ewww. I mean, I am more than happy to swallow some cum, but not going to go cannibal on you. Hand job it is, honey." Pam took her time undoing Sam's pants, undoing the button and then slowly sliding the zipper down loosening his pants and sliding both the pants and his underwear down to allow his hard cock to spring free. "There's the fellow I've been looking for. Mmmmm, it looks like he has been looking for me, too." Pam grasped Sam's dick and moved her hand up the shaft to cup the tip. "I think I have some hand lotion. You want some of that or just want me to keep rubbing?" She watched him trying to maintain the attention on the traffic around them as she kept stroking his hard member.
Sam was clearly enjoying the attention even though the drive was taking most of his focus. "No, keep stroking it. Pretty hot having you jacking my dick right here. Got that towel handy, because I think I will have a helluva load before too long. Right, just like that, Pam. Gonna watch me cum? I know you like that. Fuck yeah, rub it like that. I don't think it will be long." Sam watched the road and used his foot more than his leg to brake and accelerate. He felt a tingling begin and a fullness move to his loins. The anticipation of release grew stronger and more urgent in his cock.
"Nice hon. You keep watching the road and I'll keep working on your cock. I do want to see it cum. I love it when the little fella squirts for me. Come on Sam, give me a good shot of cum." Pam kept her hand moving steadily on Sam's cock. She could see the veins pulsing on the shaft and the tip was as close to purple as she had seen. A drop or two escaped from the tip and coated the head as she jerked and rubbed and yanked on him. "That's it, babe, cum for me. I want to see it, gimmee." Her hand a blur, she thought she saw hit start to spasm and felt a bit of a pulse from the hard knob. She squeezed a little and then released as his cock took on a life of its' own. The cum streamed up and out in a white geyser. She saw his cock pulse and another stream followed by more pumps and thick white liquid. She was late with the towel, having been fascinated by the display of human hydraulics as Sam spurted and came.
"Ah, fuck. That was SO good, Pam. I feel like I just shot a quart out. Guess I'll be changing pants when we get home. These look covered." Sam stole a glance and saw the mess he had made. With Pams' help. His cock was starting to go limp, but even having been wiped with the towel, it was still wet and shiny. His pants showed cum stains across the front. He went back to watching the road but saw Pam lick a few drops of his offering off her fingers as she dabbed the towel around. "I think I'll be ready for a go at you once we get home. Or do you want to make out in the car? We haven't steamed up the windows in a long time..."
The idea hit both of them at the same time. Sam's voice trailed off and Pam looked at him and began to smile. She spoke first. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking? With all the extra time available in a car without a driver, these AAVs' could become fuck-mobiles! I think we have our entry for the program. It would damn sure make carpooling more fun. But to answer your question, yes. Park to the side of the lot and let's try out the back seat. You definitely got me started. My panties are soaked right now. We can discuss our project entry after we get home, I'm more interested in another type of entry at the moment."
Pam shifted in her seat as Sam drove on. His driving took on a sense of urgency as he focused on getting to their home as quickly as possible. They were still about 10 minutes away, but traffic did seem to be flowing. He tugged a little at his damp pants and pulled them together and covered himself. At the same time, Pam decided that she might provide a little incentive to Sam and slid her skirt a little higher, turning as much as her seatbelt allowed toward him. "I think I'll keep my motor going while you drive. I hope this won't distract you too much." Her voice had a sweet pouting quality to it and as she spoke, she spread her legs before moving them together to slide her panties down to her ankles. "That feels much better, they were getting so wet." Her one hand raised her skirt a bit more as her other hand slid beneath and began to slowly rub her moist pussy. "Mmmm. That feels good, although I must admit I should have shaved this weekend. I hope you don't mind a little fur."
Sam shot a quick glance at her. "I never mind a little hair. Your pussy is nice whether it is bald or with a muff. Maybe I'll just have to help you shave it sometime this week. How's that sound for something a little different?" Her turned back to the road and kept up a good pace toward their destination.
Pam smiled and returned to her rubbing. Not too much, she didn't want to get too excited before they got home, but just enough to keep herself excited and wet. As she rubbed, she could also feel the motion of the car. This would be a sweet use of the car that drove itself. Using the motion to add to the sensation. She felt herself getting a bit more excited so she rested her hand on her mound. The steady pressure allowed her to calm some. She knew that the stimulation and then retreat made the ultimate climax much more intense and satisfying. That was what she was going for and she figured she could move herself close to the edge several times before they got home. Once parked they could jump in back and join together. She might have Sam go down on her or if she was close, might just have him start filling her with his cock. The time between his hand job and now should be plenty for the erection to return. And he always lasted a good bit for his second round. She contemplated whether she should let him go at her doggy style or if they should do it face to face. She decided she would ask for his input. "So, Sam, when we get to the parking lot, you want to lick me? You eat me so good. Or you want to jump in back and slip your cock in me? I'm so wet that It should take you right in. How do you want it? I just want it bad, Give it to me, will you?" She parted her legs again to give him a preview of what he could expect.
He was thinking along the same lines and looked over to admire her pink slit as her fingers danced around them, rubbing the growing button of her clit. "I'm getting so hard again I want to just jump in back and start pounding away in you. You game for some doggy style? I love watching my cock slide in you that way. And you have such a fine ass to hold on to." Their street came into view and he put on his blinker. "You look so wet, but I think I can manage to add my own juices to that. We should be home in just a minute or two." Sam turned on the street and had a clear run to the parking area for their apartment. Once in the lot, he could park at the far end that was shaded by a large oak tree. The car would still be visible, but it would be a little less obvious what was going on inside the vehicle. But the possibility of being seen was an exciting point for both of them.
"Sounds great, hon. I'm just keeping it warm for you here. I think a nice session of doggy style sounds great. You go in so much deeper that way. Can't wait for you to park and fill me up." Pam was talking in short quick sentences. She did that when she became excited, and she was definitely excited about the possibility of fucking in the back of the car. There was the thrill of being outside and possibly observed as well as the need to try to be somewhat quiet. She could be loud at times and that had led to some awkward moments when their neighbors had knocked on their mutual wall during one particular bout of lovemaking. If anything, it had made her cum harder knowing that someone was listening. She rubbed harder as Sam turned into the lot and glided into the last spot beneath the tree.
"Race you to the back" Sam said as he undid his belt and opened the door in one swift motion. He immediately opened the rear door and sat in the back.
Pam was only a step behind and she fell into the back and threw her arms around Sam planting a warm wet kiss on his lips. "Turn me over, Sam. Do me from behind. I want your cock in me. Deep. Fuck me, boy." Her tongue darted back in his mouth and wrestled with his as they held tight.
Sam pushed her away and immediately turned her. She felt a hand press on her back, forcing her head and torso down while his other hand raised her skirt revealing her white ass with a wet pink slit in the middle. "Ummm. Now that is a delightful view. Fresh hot pussy. Looks good enough to eat. But I'm going in. I'm gonna bury my dick in you. Hope you are ready, here it comes." Sam twisted himself slightly and kept one hand in the middle of Pam's back while he freed his cock from his pants. It was hard again, harder than before if that was possible. He guided the tip to her waiting hole and teased it slightly by rubbing the tip from one end to the other. He placed the tip at the entrance and pushed. It slid in and he let it continue until the shaft was buried deep inside her. "I'm all in, Pam. Filling you up. Good girl, you got it all." A moment to savor the sensation of having his entire member surrounded by hot wet flesh, coursing with the pulse of her blood rushing through her excited body and he began to slide out. And he slid back in faster, then out. He began an increasing rhythm of sliding in and out as he held tightly to her hips.
Pam felt him fill her and begin to slide in and out. She reached one hand back not to rub, but to maintain the pressure on her clit. She could feel his shaft rub against her. It would get her off in no time at all. Her blood pounded, with her head down she could hear it in her ears. She felt a rising warmth inside, she was about to climax and this time she would let it happen. She had gotten close two, maybe three times on the drive, but had pulled back from the edge. This time she would let it go. Sam could pound away and get himself off. During her cumming or after. She didn't care. She was about to, no she was cumming. "Ahh. Oooooo....Oh fuck yeah, yeah. In me, fuck me. Yeah. I'm cumming. Do me Sam!" She babbled some, and made a wonderful moan that got louder as she felt herself lose more control. She felt filled and hot and wet. She felt her own muscles rolling and grasping onto Sam as he slid in and out faster and harder. The sound of him driving in to her raised ass made a slap each time he came to a stop followed by a slight sucking noise as her lips reluctantly let him pull back. She felt almost like it was happening outside her body. She was warm and full and blood rushed to her head.
Sam held her hips and moved in and back. They hadn't had such an intense session for a while and it made him more excited the more she pushed back on him and then as she began to climax he felt her pussy begin to suck him like a separate entity. It was like this was no longer just Pam, but a new being focused on making him cum. As Pam began to moan he felt his cock begin to become excited again. He thrust it in as far as he could and let his cum drain into the hot wet depths. It quickly filled her and by the second spurt the mixture of juices began to seep out of Pam. Sam remained buried inside and held her in place by her hips. Finally, reluctantly he released her and slid back, his cock falling out of her.
Pam reached for the towel and put it between her legs to soak up the gush of cum that came forth as she tilted up. "Whew. That was amazing! I haven' felt you cum like that in, well, a while. And I damn near passed out. And I think we'll need to be cleaning the car a little later. What a lovely mess we made! How about dinner? I'm starved!" Pam bounced on the towel to get the rest of the wetness absorbed, smoothed her dress and opened the door. Her mind started spinning with what they had just done and how amazing it would have been if they had been doing that at 50, no 60, maybe even 80 miles an hour. She knew she and Sam could develop a decent - make that an indecent - proposal for how to best use a driverless vehicle.
-0-
Sam and Pam reviewed the proposal outline for the AAV Supplemental Systems during the week agreeing that they would work on it in depth during the coming weekend. The timeline was straightforward, as were the directions. They both had grown to appreciate how simple Dearing kept Acme. No meeting should last more than an hour. If it did or if it became non productive in your eyes, you were free to walk out. The proposal had a one month deadline for submission, and was to be no more than five pages in length. You did not need to build a working prototype, but there should be proof of concept. There was emphasis on using company resources, especially the management team for advice, ideas or more as had been mentioned in the original announcement. That was where Pam and Sam decided to begin their discussion.
"Okay, we have our basic idea, free time in the vehicle should involve pleasure. Sensual and sexual pleasure in particular. So who do we pitch this to? I don't see the upper management being particularly prudish, but who might be the most receptive?" Pam asked to start their brainstorming session. "I figure the person we involve can offer ideas but also can advocate as it goes through the levels."
"Yeah, I thought about it. Some of the managers would shoot it down or just see it as dirty. Thompson for example. He'd listen, but I can't see him moving it forward." Darryl Thompson was their direct vice president involved with logistics and supply. Sam continued. "How about Ms. Hoskins. She has a Marketing background, I'm betting she was more than a little hot back in her day, still is for what a 50 year old woman? I think she might be a good start. Besides, if we get a female advocate, this won't be seen as just a way for guys to get their jollies. I mean, clearly you had as good a time getting off in the car the other day as I did. Imagine doing that at highway speed? I call it an 'equal opportunity' option."
Pam thought about it. The two of them were more practical, having engineering backgrounds they could use the Marketing aspect. And Jenna had always been friendly, even commenting that it was good to have other women in professional roles with Acme. "Well, it wouldn't hurt to pitch it to her when we get it roughed out some. I think we should let Thompson know we are putting a proposal out, but I can let him know that we want broad support, so it isn't seen as just 'that Logistics proposal'. He can support us later." Pam knew that Thompson would respond better to her suggestion.
"Sounds good. So now let's rough out the plan. Hopefully we will have to do some more 'research'. I got gas this morning and cleaned out the car a bit. Even found a couple fresh towels to put in strategic spots. That will be something that has to be in the final design. Remember how Honda introduced the minivan with a built in vacuum? Kind of like that." Sam was clearly into the concept and had been thinking about it.
Not to be outdone, Pam wanted to show she had been thinking of aspects of the proposal as well. "I remember from an old movie. "Sleeper", I think it was Woody Allen. They had a thing in the film in the future, the 'Orgasm-tron' or something like that? Orgasmatron. That was it. Seems there really is some work on that where you can stimulate a person - either male or female, or any sexual identity - through some attachments. How about we research some of those as a base to begin. We can always incorporate actual sex into the concept, but this would be something that could actually be sold as an option to add into the vehicle." Pam had done some checking and was finding that she was getting a little excited, especially thinking about doing some 'research' later on.
The pair brainstormed a bit more, considered if there were materials they could acquire to enhance their proposal and even started throwing out some working titles. One they both liked was something that included the name for the vehicle - the Acme Autonomous Vehicle and built on the market and concept they were aiming for: Adult stimulation. Their working title looked like this:
A d
u
l
Acme Autonomous Vehicle
t
i
m
Sam looked up from their pages and the laptop. "I like it. Some good starts, but I'm hungry. Let's hit the diner. One last thought, I have a tag line to use. 'AAV Adult Stim. Where the 'rub it' meets the road'. Whatcha think." He lowered his screen and looked at Pam.
"Don't quit your day job." She looked at him and chuckled. "But yes, I'm hungry, too. Hank's sounds like a good choice." And with that, they headed out to grab a well deserved treat at their favorite diner.
-0-
After lunch that consisted mainly of breakfast comfort foods like eggs and french toast, Sam and Pam got back in the car and headed back to the apartment. Pam was in the passengers seat and started the conversation. "That was good. Do you want to head back and crank off some more ideas or cruise around a bit. It is a pretty nice day, we could head out to the park." The park was a state park about a half hour away, with a nice forest with several pavilions that could be used for group picnics on the weekend when the weather cooperated. They might be in use today since it was nice, even though it was a little cool.
"Why don't we cruise a bit. I got gas, so we could drive some. And no reason we couldn't talk some while we drive." Sam turned off the freeway to take the longer but less busy two lane road to the park. It was also a lot more scenic; more trees, less concrete. "We have time before we get to the park, you game for a little 'research' on the way? You could get in the back seat and see how your new toy works. I just happened to pack it for our drive."
Pam smiled at Sam. She hadn't known how he would react to her buying a dildo, but he hadn't seemed threatened. This confirmed that he was as accepting of it as he had said. "Clever of you to pack it. I suppose I could try it out. Pull over and I'll get in back. You pack some lube with it? If I need some help getting going, will you talk dirty to me?" Pam chuckled a bit as she watched Sam.
"Nope, not pulling over, you'll have to crawl back just as you would if there was no driver here. And I'm going to be quiet up here. Just like an autonomous vehicle. If you do need some help getting in the mood, pull up some porn on your phone." Sam stared straight ahead but a smirk crossed his face as he shot a quick sideways glance at Pam.
"Okay then, I'll crawl back there, just keep both hands on the wheel, Sam" Pam let her seat back down and it gave her more room to slide into the back seat. She saw the bag in the back that held her pink vibrator. It had the small second head on it to stimulate her clit directly while the main shaft filled her. She slower lowered her shorts and removed them completely. She looked up and could see that Sam had moved the rear view mirror to give a good peek at her. She waved the pseudo cock in his direction and admonished him. "Eyes on the road, buddy!" She set it down and lowered her panties, removing them completely. The activity of getting in the back and stripping had gotten her on the way to being excited. She spread her legs a bit. and felt in the back for what else might be there. "Very good, you remembered the lube. Thanks Babe." The tube in her hand, she squeezed a small amount onto the firm pink rubber and spread it around. She made a show of stroking the shaft of her dildo, knowing that Sam was watching. It helped her as well. "Okay, drive on. I'll see how good this could be."
Sam was enjoying the show, but the road was curvy. Even without a lot of traffic, he still needed to maintain some concentration. He also was resolved to keep quiet to simulate the AAV experience. The main difference was the AAV would not experience an erection. Sam couldn't say the same as he felt his cock stiffen.
Pam switched the dildo on and traced the vibrating rubber cock around her pussy lips and then spread her legs a little further apart and slid the shaft deep within her. She felt it glide in and then the little head connected with her hard clit. That was always a rush, whether it was a finger from her own hand or Sam's, his tongue or cock, her clit always issued an electric pulse when connected. She pulled the dildo out and thrust it back in making the contact again and again. She could feel the road rolling beneath the car and became conscious of the passing scenery. If they had stayed on the highway, she imagined the show she would be giving the passing trucks. That idea made her even a little more excited and she plunged the vibrator in faster and deeper while moaning softly and moving her pelvis up to meet each thrust.
Sam was thankful that they had taken this back road. They were still a few miles from the park and the traffic was light. There was a car a little ahead of him, but no one behind and only a few passing vehicles. He stole a look back and could see Pam enjoying herself. It was a pretty awesome sight to watch her doing herself with enthusiasm. He enjoyed watching her at times and found it helped him to know what she enjoyed as well as how to surprise her at times. For now he drove on silently. He had even turned off the radio and could hear the constant buzz of her vibrator over the road noise from the tires. Both had a good rhythm. The low moans from Pam and the occasional glimpse of her dipping the pink rod into her slit were all contributing to a rock hard erection that would require attention soon after this road research was done.
Pam felt her release start to build. It came as a tingle and she felt it in her legs as well as in her stomach. She had always thought it felt similar to when the roller coaster reached the top of a climb and plummeted downward. Her stomach began the sensation and it traveled lower and she began to feel herself cum. "Oooooo." she moaned. low at first and growing in volume as the intensity grew. She felt the waves of sensation roll over her as she held the dildo deep in her and let it vibrate against her as she bucked and moaned and felt the waves crash over her one after another. She removed the vibrator and rolled to the side closing her legs and holding her pink slit. Her firm grasp helped to calm herself, but she couldn't help but notice how wet and hot she was. She rolled back and stretch across the back seat, eyes closed enjoying the rocking of the car as it rolled along the road. She opened her eyes and noticed the forest had thickened. They must be getting close to the park. "Hey, hon. Are we almost at the park? You want to find a secluded spot and maybe we see what we can do for you?"
Sam weighed the dilemma. If he responded "Hell yes!" like he wanted to, it would not be in character for the AAV test he and Pam were ostensibly conducting. But then he had an idea. "AAV will call Sam. Is that the 'hon' to which you refer?" He tried to make his tone flat and sound like the automated voices he heard from the ATM. "Or is there another person with whom you wish to help with their sexual arousal?" It was a little hard to keep from laughing. And again he was glad there wasn't a lot of traffic.
"You are such a dork. But I'll play along. AAV - Yes, call Sam. Ask him if he would like me to suck him off. The offer expires soon." Pam tried to sound a little perturbed, but she really wasn't. The idea of a virtual assistant in the car was a good addition. It was already in some of the models, but could probably be incorporated into their plans. She mentally snapped back to the moment. She wanted to focus on pleasuring Sam. It always helped prolong her own glow when she could give back to Sam.
She pulled her shorts back on as she felt Sam pull the car off to the gravel shoulder of the road. She maneuvered back into the passenger seat and looked at Sam. "You sure got here fast. Ooo, and I see you brought a friend." She eyed the bulge in his pants. He obviously had enjoyed watching her play in the back seat. That could be another addition to their module. Auto voyeur. She brought the focus back and began to undo his belt and then his jeans.
"Yeah I dashed right over when I got the call from the car. You know I love your mouth, Pam. Been a while since you sucked it, so I wasn't going to miss that." Sam raised up slightly as Pam undid his jeans and slid them down exposing his hard-on. He had gotten very aroused watching her show off with her dildo. Now it was his turn. He loved the feel, but watching his cock slide into her mouth was just as exciting. It was tight quarters in the drivers' seat, but Pam was making it work. She held the shaft in one hand and kissed the tip and licked a drop of wetness she found there. Then she licked slowly down the underside of the shaft. Sam literally shuddered with the feel of her tongue on the sensitive area. Then she repeated the process, licking back up and took the tip in her mouth, using her tongue to circle around as she began to suck and apply pressure.
Sam lay his head back and closed his eyes. He would go back to watching in a moment, but for now he lay back and absorbed each sensation of her licking, sucking and twirling her tongue. Her mouth was so wet and hot. She began to move his cock further into her mouth and then out, maintaining the suction. The feeling was intense. He let out a low moan "Ooooooooh yeah, that's what I need. Suck it like that, Pam. You are such a good cocksucker. Got a big load for you. Taste it all. Oooooh, yeah."
Pam continued to lick and suck and bobbed up and down, careful to miss the steering wheel. She still could feel some of her own warmth from getting excited and wanted to share that with Sam. She could tell he was enjoying it not only from the response, but from what he said. She did like it when he commented on what she was doing. Having always been a 'good girl', she loved it when he called her his 'cocksucker' or other names. It added to her thrill and urged her on. She felt Sam stiffen and she knew he was close. She gripped his cock tightly and moved her lips and tongue swiftly around the tip and was soon rewarded by a moan from him and a strong spasm which delivered a squirt of hot cum into her mouth. It was followed by another and another. She moved back slightly, feeling her mouth filling with his cum. As it subsided, she removed his cock from her mouth with a 'smack', keeping her lips closed until she sat up. She opened her mouth to show him the load he had delivered and awaited his response.
"Awesome, Babe. Now swallow it. Every drop." Sam was laying back, his eyes drooped as if he were about to go to sleep. He watched her intently as she closed her mouth and tilted her head back and swallowed.
"All gone. Tasted great. It's always the best when it is fresh and hot. Gotta get it right from the source." Pam reached over and ran a finger across his softening dick.
"Whoa. That's a little sensitive right now. That was great, you know? Always great. So, still want to check out the park?"
"I know it was great. And yeah, we are here, a little hike in the woods will do us good. Get the other juices flowing - the creative ones."
Sam pulled his jeans back up and after a brief check pulled back on the road and went into the park.
-0-
A pleasant afternoon and a stop for burgers on the way home had filled up the rest of their day until they arrived back home to continue working on their proposal. Once home they exchanged a few ideas, worked on some plans and actually tried to research a few possibilities.
"Hey, here is an interesting tid-bit." Sam said out loud to Pam and Buster. "It seems that Lawrence Sperry invented the autopilot system for airplanes and also became the charter member of the Mile High Club. He and a woman who was taking flying lessons with were pulled naked from a lake after their plane crashed. It seems that the autopilot failed and they went into the lake, He said the force of the impact ripped their clothes off. That was back in the teens - over a hundred years ago."
"Yeah, that is interesting. Kind of hard now to join the club, too crowded and there are too many rules. But, you know, that could work in our favor. What a way to market this 'sex on wheels' idea. I'll put it in our proposal that there should be a badge or certificate for the 'AAV Adventure Club', or maybe have the '100mile an hour club'. Good find. Write down the citation, I bet Hoskins will want that in proposals. She seems to be that type." Pam continued with some research of her own.
Sunday found them still researching, writing and preparing the proposal. It was a lot more interesting than their regular work and it had a short turn around. Both Pam an Sam were the type to get things done ahead of schedule instead of putting it off. By the evening, they had a decent draft.
Pam looked over their work. Short, succinct, filled with details and footnotes. It also was just explicit enough to make her just a bit horny. But she had a thought she wanted to bring up before they got too distracted. "You know how they said we could use a senior staff member as a sounding board or resource? How about we run this past Ms. Hoskins? I know I said I would run it past Thompson, and I still will brief him, but I really think Hoskins will give us some good feedback. What do you think?"
"I think we've done some great work here. If they are offering some free advice, let's take it. I'm pretty sure Hoskins put her email in the back of the note, along with some of the other staff. Why don't we ask for a meeting and send her our draft. And you can meet with Thompson to let him down easy."
Sam seemed to be on the same page with the proposal. Now to see if he was as aroused by their topic as Pam was. "Great! Since I'm seeing Thompson, why don't you take care of sending Hoskins the request and proposal and I'll go slip into something comfortable. When you are done, you can come slip something comfortable into me..." Pam could be less than subtle at times. This was one of those times.
-0-
The next morning they discussed a little about their plan on the way to work. "I'll stop by Thompsons' office on break. I am sure he will be fine. Besides, I can't see him being very comfortable talking about sex and the car with me. " Pam took a sip from her mug as they moved along with hundreds of other commuters. "Maybe we should just consider recommending a coffee machine option to be added in the vehicle. You consider that?"
"I imagine they will get a lot of basic ideas. Food, drinks -- hey, how about a bar? Wasn't there an old song about 'I'm gonna put a bar in the back of my car and drive myself to drink'? Something like the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, I think did it." Sam had a special part of his brain reserved for trivia. Or useless information as it was sometimes called. It was at least entertaining, so it really wasn't totally useless. "But yeah, I imagine they will get some simple ideas. None as well thought out as ours. Nor as well researched." Same put his hand on Pam's leg as they drove along.
"You are right there. Such dedication we have to making Acme Motors a 21st Century success story. I hope we hear from Ms. Hoskins about meeting. I'm curious to see what reaction we might get." The ride finished uneventfully as most commutes do. The week had started.
It was nearly 10:30 which was going to be when Pam planned to see Mr. Thompson. She had rehearsed a little speech, and figured he'd be fine. Probably just glad to be asked but not have to do anything. She heard her phone ping with a text. It was Sam. "Wow. Hoskins wants to see us at our earliest convenience. This pm? I'll set it up."
Pam thought for a moment. It sounded very promising. "OK. I'll brief Thompson. Sounds good." They hadn't thought they would get such a quick response, but they would know something soon about their idea.
As expected, Mr. Thompson listened as Pam informed him that she and Sam had developed a proposal and to get a broader perspective, they were going to discuss it with another manager. "I hope we can count on your support if and when it comes to the final phase." Was her closing. "Do you want a copy?
Thompson looked at her thoughtfully. "No, I'm fine. Thank you for keeping me in the loop, and of course you can count on me for support. You and Bartley are two of my best team members. Thanks again."
Pam wasn't used to hearing Sam's last name, but she was glad the meeting had gone well and was over. She left the main office and headed back to her own cubicle hoping the rest of the day went fast. The meeting with Hoskins was definitely making what was a typical Monday with a variety of typical problems, unique.
Sam texted just before noon. "It's on 4pm. Her office. Discuss over lunch?"
"Yay. Good call. See you in 15m." Pam replied and wrapped up a couple last responses to requests. Once sent she grabbed the folder and her lunch and headed off to meet Sam. She was old school, brown bag, PB&J, carrot sticks and a treat of some mini candy bars. Some days she brought yogurt or bought a salad, but she liked this specific combination. It was tasty, but for some reason it gave her confidence. Probably just the fond memories.
Over lunch Sam and Pam reviewed their proposal so they knew it completely and delegated certain parts to each other in case there were questions. It was interesting in that while they were dealing with sex and using some of their own escapades as basis for the concept, neither of them were particularly aroused by the content. They were viewing it in a very clinical manner which made Pam in particular feel they were ready. By the end of lunch, she was ready to meet and discuss the idea with Ms. Hoskins. Even if it went no further, it was a good collaboration between she and Sam. And it had especially good fringe benefits.
At 3:30, Pam started wrapping up her last task for the day and cleaned her desk a little. Most of her clutter was on her computer, but that could wait. Sam had suggested meeting a few minutes before 4:00 outside the Marketing Department and going in together. She felt a pulse of energy and was actually excited about the meeting.
Sam saw Pam coming down the hallway. He enjoyed seeing her at work. They had some interaction while at Acme, although they were usually in different parts of the plant. The company was fine with employees dating, even providing some resources such as events and couples programs as well as a decent benefits group that provided counseling if there were problems. Not that he and Pam had any difficulties. They were similar enough to enjoy mutual interests and different enough to stay interesting. Of course Sam did enjoy mentally undressing Pam when he saw her at work, but he made a mental note to wait on that until after the meeting. They hadn't done anything on company grounds, but if the meeting went well, he might suggest that as a proper celebration. He was sure there was a vacant office or storage room around. "Hey, Pam. You ready to do this? I think we caught her interest, that was a fast response." He opened the door and held it for Pam as they entered the reception area for the Marketing Department.
Jenna Hoskins had been waiting for them and greeted them herself as they entered. "Hello, I'm Jenna. Glad we could get together so quickly. As you know, we really like to move projects along. Something Mr. Dearing strongly encourages. Can I get you a water or something to drink?" She showed the pair to her office.
No cubicle at this level, Pam thought. "Yes, I'd like a water." If they did a lot of talking, Pam didn't want to have her voice crack or quit on her. Besides, it was a nice gesture.
Sam let the two women enter first. "No, I'm fine." He thought about the interview he had had with another company where his glass of water had gone flying and drenched the interviewer. He watched both women move, Pam in slacks, khakis actually and Jenna in a skirt. Nice asses on both. Even if Hoskins could be Pam's mother. Or his mother. Ew. Okay, down boy. Back to the meeting.
The three had barely set down in a cozy nook around a coffee table when Jenna began. "To get right to it, your idea has merit. It might not be 'mainstream', but Acme is anything but mainstream or conventional. I'm not going to get into the logistics of making the items in this project, but more how to sell them with our AAV. In particular, there are two parts I like about your proposal, first the broad appeal. This idea cuts across race, age sexual identity and any other category. There is something for everyone. Couples, multiples, individuals. Secondly, and even more specific, the '100mph Club'. Catchy. Who came up with that?" Hoskins uncrossed her legs and crossed them the other way as she waited for the reply.
Pam started. "It was really a mutual idea. We were researching and I think Sam came across a reference. The inventor of the auto pilot, I believe."
Sam had noticed the uncrossing of Hoskins' legs. A quick peek. Nice. Pig. "Yes, it really has been a team effort. I might have found the reference, I do have a knack for finding obscure things, but Pam thought of incorporating the idea into the proposal. People are competitive and like the idea of joining an exclusive group or achieving something that hasn't happened before."
"Exactly." Hoskins jumped in. "Now, you have some technical items like the electronic stimulus, the 'orgasmatron' you referenced. As well as the use of individual devices like a fleshlight for men or dildoes. I like the fact you also incorporate he possibility of basic sex. I assume you two did some of your own research on these topics?"
She uncrossed her legs again and this time Sam swore he caught a glimpse of pink flesh at the skirt hem. Was she wearing thigh high stockings or a garter belt? Shit! "We did. We do commute about a half hour and that was the original idea. After the announcement meeting we drove home, and it occurred to us what passengers could do with the extra commute time. We reacquainted ourselves with the concept of using the vehicle as our private space. Where many of us first, um, well, found intimacy." He stole a quick glance at Pam who had a little flush beginning in her cheeks. Time to shut up.
Pam added. "Yes, we thought of other ideas, but in all honesty, this concept seemed like the most fun and it cut across so many boundaries. As you pointed out. We considered food, a bar, a great entertainment system, and others, but this seemed different and not what most would propose." She looked confidently into Hoskins' eyes.
"Fine. Again, right to the point. I am prepared to move your proposal forward. It will need some polishing, but that is what the Marketing department is for, right? My group will work on a few changes, with your input, of course. But one final thing. How would you like access to an AAV prototype to fully explore this concept?" Jenna sat back in her seat and watched the couple before her.
Sam spoke first. "Are you proposing that we could take the prototype for the first sexual encounter? Be the first official '100mph' members? I'm in." He felt he had rushed a bit and added. "But I don't want to speak for Pam. What about you? Need to discuss it? I mean that is a pretty amazing offer." Shut up Sam, don't overdo it.
"Depending on the logistics, I am very interested. But I am sure they don't just hand you the keys to the AAV and say 'go have some fun, kids.' There has to be some other involvement, I mean people." Pam was always the grounded one.
"Very true, Pam. But as a senior manager, I do have access to the vehicle and there would be one or two mechanics around for any operation of the vehicle. Does having an audience or others around knowing that you are having sex make you uncomfortable? That was more rhetorical than a question needing an immediate answer. How about this. I am putting that option out on the table, and we can revisit it in a few days. If it is something of interest, we might have something available this weekend. Talk it over." Jenna closed the file and stood. It was good that she was smiling. "Let me know by Wednesday. I will be making some changes to this document and sending them back to you for review. Thank you for the submission and I look forward to developing it further." She ushered the pair to the door.
Sam and Pam left the office and headed to the parking lot without saying a word. Once in the car, they both sat for a moment staring straight ahead. Almost simultaneously they said "Wow."
Pam continued. "I don't know about you, but I am definitely interested. We could be the first! Look what you started with that 'what could we do with the extra 30 minutes of commuting time'. I'm okay with the idea of a few folks knowing what we're doing, I mean, it's not like they can't figure out that we are having sex now. It would just make it that much more exciting, right?" She always started to ramble when got excited, and she was in serious ramble mode now. And she could feel herself getting excited just imagining having sex in the AAV with Hoskins and the mechanics serving as witnesses. "Sam, let's get home quickly. I think you are about to get laid."
"On it. Too bad I don't have flashing lights to clear out the traffic. I'll do what I can. And yeah, I am definitely in for the test drive. But I think it is good we played that cool and went to think about it." Sam started the car and turned onto the freeway. "I wonder if we need to bring our own nookie towel or if they will have one? How do you want it, Pam? Remember, this will be 'one small fuck for man, one giant fornication for humankind.' To paraphrase Neil Armstrong." Sam could ramble with the best of them as well. "I gotta say, Pam. I am pretty fucking excited. Not just for the test of our proposal and how it was received, but sex with you is great, and in the AAV, it will be epic!"
"I know, Sam. I'm so damn turned on right now. I wish this were the AAV. I would be riding you all the way home." Pam shifted a little in her seat. It was warm in the car and she could feel herself getting moist.
"Well, we aren't going anywhere very fast. This traffic is typical. We're moving, but not much. Throwing this idea out there. I can steer with one hand. You like a little rubbing? I bet I can give you a return on the handjob you gave me. A little less messy when you get off. I can wait until we get home for my turn." Sam didn't completely wait for Pams' response and reached over to place his hand on her upper thigh.
"Sounds great, babe. Keep your eyes on the road and one hand on the wheel. You want to rub me through my pants, or want them off? I doubt if anyone will see in, and if they do, they can enjoy the show." Pam moved Sam's hand from her leg over to her crotch, trapping it between her legs for a moment.
"Great idea. Slip those off and I can slide a finger or two up in there. Hey, don't cross those legs too tight. You must have been working out, I bet you could crush a walnut in that vise." They both chuckled a bit. The traffic just rolled steadily along as Pam undid her belt and pants and slid everything below the waist down to her ankles.
Sam glanced over and enjoyed the look of a half naked woman in his passenger seat. "Nice. This will be a good teaser for this weekend. Okay, sit back and enjoy it. I do take requests, so let me know what you want." Sam held his right hand between her legs and began to explore with his fingers. He found a moist, hot slit that parted easily as his finger began to rub in a circular motion. Softly and slowly at first, but adding pressure and speed as he continued. Pam slid slightly down in the seat to give his fingers a better advantage.
"Mmmm" Pam acknowledged the touch. It wasn't a moan, but more like a hum. But it clearly conveyed that she was enjoying the fingering.
Sam rubbed the slit more, running a finger from top to bottom before returning to the top and rubbing around trying to find her clit. Each time he did, he was rewarded with the hum from Pam. "You seem to be enjoying this. I can go back to it, but let me try something here for a moment." He withdrew his hand and returned it, placing it between the seat and her bare ass. As he reached in, he felt the wetness of her pussy and extended his fingers which slid deeply inside her. Once there he began to move them front and back and side to side.
Now Pam began to moan softly and move with the hand beneath her. The fingers inside her wriggle and excited her more. The moan became louder and her breathing increased. The warm interior of the car became hotter for both of them as they found a rhythm that worked for both of them.
After several miles Pam felt the excitement start to peak. She rocked back and forth on Sam's hand urging him faster and he responded in kind. To anyone looking in, it must have seemed like a guy intent on the road ahead while his passenger enjoyed a favorite song. Her head bobbed in time with the motion, she moved her pelvis around Sam's hand becoming more and more excited until she felt the first wave explode. Tingles shot up her legs and her torso. Another wave hit, making her moan still more. After several more she collapsed onto the seat and Sam's hand. He slowly slid it out from under her and put it back on the wheel.
"Whew. Nice Sam. If that is the tease for the AAV, I can't wait for the test. I hope the car is soundproofed. Otherwise they will be hearing a lot!" Pam felt warm and satisfied and still excited. Not only for what they would be doing when they finally got home, but for the upcoming trial. "You think it will feel better at 100 miles an hour? I bet it becomes more intense."
"I imagine it will. It was pretty good at 30 mph, so I guess at three times the speed and me being able to use both hands, my cock and lips will certainly add to the sensation." Sam stole another glance. "Still pretty awesome to look over and see your pussy. If I didn't know any better, I would say it was smiling."
Pam chuckled. "Oh, it is smiling, all right. It is smiling because it wants you to kiss it. So keep driving."
The rest of the ride home was uneventful. After satisfying Sam, Pam responded for both of them to Jenna Hoskins, saying that they were both looking forward to the opportunity to test their proposal and would be available this weekend or at the time of her choosing. Sending the note was satisfying in its' own way, although not quite as much fun.
-0-
Sam was smiling as he drove in to work with Pam. "I hope Hoskins gets back to us soon about this weekend. If we get it set up, have any particular thoughts of how you want to do it? I mean we don't need a complete plan, but maybe a little planning would be good."
Pam shrugged. "I don't know. Let's be spontaneous. See what feels right, although I am thinking missionary or me on top, depends how the car seems. And we haven't been invited yet, so hold your thought."
"You're right, it is only Tuesday, a lot can happen in a week." The rest of the ride was quiet, but they both pictured the AAV and how they might approach the opportunity.
For a Tuesday it was busy. A couple of shipments had failed to arrive, one had been routed to another facility and new requests had come in. Each was marked 'Urgent'. Pam prioritized and wondered how Sam was faring in his area. While a little less busy, he was struggling with explaining to a line manager why certain equipment needed to be replaced to interface with new machines in other areas. It was true that the current machines weren't broken yet, but the concept of streamlining the entire process seemed lost on him. Both worked through lunch.
About 2:00pm a text popped up on Pams' phone. "It's on. Saturday pm." A 'thumbs up' emoji added emphasis. Pam decided they could discuss the topic later, but smiled as she replied. "Sweet. TTYL".
-0-
The week passed far too slow for both Pam and Sam. They discussed a little about the upcoming test drive, but it seemed like every time they started talking about what they might do, what they should wear, what to expect or any details, they both became so aroused that they ended up having sex. They had been active prior to this, but rarely every night. Now they might engage in some form of sex twice a day. Pam was surprised herself. She found that while she had always accepted oral sex as something that obviously brought pleasure to her partner, she was enjoying it more and more. The feel of a hard cock in her mouth and the excitement as she felt it start to ejaculate, the warm salty cum that resulted. All took on heightened intensity this week.
She wasn't alone in that either. Sam had showed extra vigor in stimulating Pam. He enjoyed rubbing and fingering her to excitement but he was exploring and had added tounging to the routine which Pam found more than acceptable. At one point he had two fingers inside her, was delivering a fast lick to her clit and inserted his little finger into her anus as a "shocker" move. Pam had immediately started to cum, arching her back and holding Sam's head fast to her pussy.
The bump in their sex life had been payment enough for the proposal they had put forth. But they were even more surprised to learn that if they were accepted as the winning concept, they would receive $5,000 and when approved, one of the AAV prototypes.
-0-
Neither were particularly surprised on Friday when they received a note to come to the Marketing offices at the end of the day. Presumably they would have to go over some details and sign releases among other things. Always details to consider. Sam and Pam had decided to go out for a nice dinner -- dress up, reservations -- a real 'date'. They also had decided that they would abstain from any sex to be ready for the next day.
As requested, both arrived at the Marketing offices at 4:30, right at the end of their shift. As they entered and sat on the waiting room chairs, they noticed the staff clearing their desks and preparing to leave for the weekend. Pam whispered over to Sam "I wonder if they know about the drive tomorrow." She had to think at least a couple of them did, although since none of them could participate in the event, perhaps they weren't paying much attention to them.
One of the staff looked over and smiled. "Ms. Hoskins will be with you in a moment. She just took a call from Mr. Dearing. I think it was concerning your test drive tomorrow. Good luck with that." She smiled and finished filing the papers from her desk.
"I guess that answers your question. They know. I'm surprised they aren't coming over for autographs." Sam whispered back. "You okay with a bit of celebrity status for this? I mean it isn't like they think you are a...." Sams' voice trailed off a bit while he thought of a term that wouldn't get him deeper in trouble. "um, a slut. You're a normal sexually active woman." He hoped he had said the right thing. He should shut up now.
Pam shifted a little. "I'm fine with it. I wondered how I would feel about people knowing. But then I figured out that most people already knew we were doing more than sleeping when we were living together. I bet they imagine you slipping your cock into me. That one there probably wishes it was her. You want to go ask if she would like to stand in as my back up...you know, in case I am not able to fulfill the duties as required?" Pam was joking, She was okay with the idea of everyone knowing their intimate details, but she wouldn't be with Sam choosing a second partner.
"Quit, Pam." Sam shot back. "She'd dump me as soon as she had the record and probably steal the prize money. But maybe they are a little jealous of you."
Jenna Hoskins emerged from her office. "Sorry to keep you waiting. Night everyone -- have a great weekend! Come in, we have a few things to review." She dismissed her staff and ushered the couple into her office, showed them to a seat and shut her door before continuing.
"We have a few standard forms to get out of the way. Safety releases; not that this is dangerous, but just in case. There is also a release from any sexual harassment charge. Since this involves sex, our lawyers decided that we should be explicit in getting approval that it was consensual and approved. And, of course, a press release should we need to announce the test results. Pretty standard stuff, actually."
"I'm surprised there are no paternity papers. If there is an offspring from this, we'll name him after the company." Besides rambling, Pam joked when she was nervous. Not always well. The two women exchanged glances.
"No paternity papers. We figure that is your call." Hoskins had the papers spread before Sam and Pam with pens provided. Sam had started reading and began to sign the documents. "There is one other detail. Mr. Dearing just called and would like a senior staff member in the car with you. For verification and observation purposes. You have several options. I suggest you choose whomever you are most comfortable with. Is there someone in mind?"
Pam and Sam looked at each other, pens poised over the forms. Sam spoke first. "In the car? While we are making love? During the, um, act? Wow. Didn't see that coming. It's Autonomous driving. But I guess I can see the point. Not being a prude or anything, but I've never, well, had an audience before. Taking a little to wrap my head around that." Sam heard himself ramble and decided to be quiet.
Pam listened and was considering the new information. She didn't want to admit it right off, but it did excite her. She had never had an audience before either, but the idea of being watched while having sex did hold an appeal for her. She had found that when she was masturbating in the car or delivering the hand job, she had enjoyed the risk of being seen. People knew what they were doing in the car, so why not go all in? "You know, I'm fine with it. Ms. Hoskins, how would you feel about being the person observing us? I can think of a couple others, but I want to know your honest feelings about being there with us."
Sam watched the two women. It seemed like they were sparring slightly. He probably should say something, but he had to admit it was kind of hot. The woman he loved and was sleeping with and an older professional woman with a still doable body. He watched for a moment more. "So, who else might be possible to go for the ride? I'm with Pam here, I am fine with the observer, and I would be fine with you in that role. But I like to know the options. And yes, how do you feel about going?" Pam and Hoskins still had their eyes locked on each other.
Hoskins blinked first and turned to Sam. "Well, you could choose any of the other managers, your own section chief, Thompson, for example. I suppose you could go right to the top and see if Mr. Dearing would enjoy the ride. There's David Smith from Finance and a few others. As for how I feel about it? Honestly, it would be a fucking turn on for me. I've fantasized about watching a couple have sex, but never really acted on it. I got aroused thinking of your proposal and besides being a duty for the company to be along, it would be a personal pleasure."
Sam was the one who was locking eyes now. "Wow. Direct answer. But just watching, right? This is Pam and my proposal, so I -- we -- are the ones having sex. That's not negotiable for me. But seriously, would prefer you to Thompson. No question.
Hoskins smiled. "No, I'm not joining in for a threesome. I might consider seeing how masturbation feels at 100 mph, and being watched myself has a definite appeal, but it is your show. Literally. I'm there to represent Acme first. The rest is 'icing on the cake' to use a phrase. "
Pam had been quiet, listening and watching, but thinking the whole time. Her instinct seemed to be telling her that this woman and she were not all that different. Different in age, perhaps, but they shared a similar libido. "Then let's agree on this. You, Sam and I meet at the test track tomorrow. Do we need to bring anything? Any other details? In the spirit of full disclosure, I have never been watched before, but I'm thinking it will be hot. And to be even more honest, I won't mind watching you. I might pick up some ideas."
Sam decided that he would just be quiet. But he felt a stiffening in his pants. This was going to be a hell of a ride tomorrow.
-0-
The day arrived and Pam and Sam arrived at the Acme test track a little early. Neither had slept much the night before and they had stuck to their plan of no activity before the test. As a result, they were both giddy from a combination of lack of sleep, anticipation and horniness. Sam had resisted jacking off a couple of times during the night, and he had put on a pair of shorts that had a nice silky texture. He could feel the smooth material on him and it was a definite turn on.
Pam had decided to break out a matching bra and panty set, more of a sport bra that would be easy off and back on. She was surprised how hard her nipples were without much encouragement. And it certainly wasn't cold. Clearly the 'girls' were ready. "Let's finish our coffee before we head in, OK? You ready for this? I can't believe we are doing this!" Pam took a sip.
"Yeah, I am ready. Looking forward to seeing how they have this AAV tricked out. I mean they can't have added in all the details we suggested, so it should be interesting. But not as interesting as slipping it to you. I swear, I could have jumped on you a couple times last night just imagining this. And I guess I'm thinking the fact we will be being watched is pretty hot. I just hope I don't embarrass myself." Sam swirled the coffee he had left in his cup.
"I don't think you have to worry about that, Sam. You sure won't embarrass me, and I think Jenna is going to like anything you can put out there. She still has quite the body for her age. I hope I have that at her age. But back to us. Any thoughts? I'm fine with seeing what feels right as we go along. About all I know is I want you delivering the load inside me. Go in deep and fill me up, hon." Pam put her hand on Sams' leg and moved it slightly up and down. Just enough to let him know she was as ready as he was.
"We better get inside before they have to hose us down out here." The couple got out and headed for the gate that led to the testing area. They swiped their ID badges and a reen light appeared and they walked into the tunnel that led to the actual track area. It was quiet, even for a Saturday. Not that they had been on the track much. A few demonstrations and since it had a set of bleachers that could accommodate a large group, they had been to a few company meetings. Those stands were completely empty when they came out from the tunnel. A couple of mechanics hovered around a shiny white vehicle about 50 yards off. A figure emerged from the car, turned to them and waved. It was Jenna. Ms. Hoskins. Pam mentally made a note to ask what she preferred to be called.
"Hello!" Great to see you. Need a refill on the coffee? We have a machine over there. I have never known a good mechanic to be far from a good pot of coffee. Jeff here is no exception." Jenna had shorts and sandals on and a loose top that clung to her in the right spots when the breeze hit her. She was perkier than they had seen on the occasions when they had met. Clearly, she was in a good mood, maybe as excited as Pam and Sam were.
Sam headed over to the coffee. "I can use a little more. Especially with a recommendation like that."
Pam went up to Jenna. "You look great, nice to see you in casual clothes. I mean, we don't have a harsh dress code here, but you are always so professional. Nice to see you like this. So, a quick question. What should I call you -- we call you -- Ms. Hoskins, Jenna... What is your preference?"
"By all means, call me Jenna. And thank you, both for the compliment and for asking what I want to be called. Very thoughtful. But let's be very casual. And comfortable. I have the feeling we will see a lot more of each other today, so let's not stand on formalities." Jenna reached out and gave Pam a very nice hug around the shoulders.
Sam wandered back with his now replenished coffee mug. "Things about set? We need to go over any details? He poked his head inside the open cabin of the AAV prototype. It smelled new, the plastics and the leather all gave off a heady smell of 'new car'. Mix in some petroleum, grease and coffee and you had a pretty heady odor. The cabin was spacious. It hit Sam why. "No steering wheel or shift console. No pedals. Completely open. Nice." In some ways it reminded him of a train compartment. Not open like a room, but efficient in the use of space.
Jeff, the mechanic was close and offered some information. "The front seat is actually reversible. You can have them facing the back. The back seat actually reclines to form a pretty decent flat surface. And from what I understand, that will be useful for todays' test. Jenna filled me in. Something we had all thought about, so good for you actually drawing up some plans and submitting them. Let me show you a few items and controls." He went to the other side and opened the other door. Technically all doors were 'passenger' doors now. He leaned in and began showing Sam a few of the details.
Pam and Jenna watched Sam and Jeff review the vehicle. Jenna shook her head a little. "Some things never change. Men and cars, for one. And I hope they never do. I think we each need some different approaches. We can certainly be equal in many ways, but sometimes it is good that there are differences."
Pam agreed. "Sam and I have a lot of similarities, but the differences make for god conversation and a good working relationship. This proposal was a good example, we each added nuances and details. The whole is greater than the sum of the parts, as they say."
"And there is always the sex." Jenna decided to bring up the topic they were all dodging. "I imagine you did your research on the project. Have any plans? Good old penis to vagina sex, oral, anal? You going missionary or are you thinking cowgirl?" She was nothing if not direct.
Pam felt her cheeks redden, but in a way, she liked the idea that Jenna wanted to talk some. It made this seem a little les clinical. Not that she had any romantic ideas, it really was about sex. But it was nice to talk a little between the two of them. "Definitely going for the cock in the pussy, Jenna. We will see about who is on top. Not the biggest fan of anal, and not at high speeds. We ruled out oral because of some old movie Sam had seen - 'The World According to Garth -- Garp' - something like that." Pam was getting a mental image of she and Sam rolling around in the car and Jenna watching. "I'm more spontaneous, but I mainly want him to cum in me. I enjoy that even if it is messy. I figure I'll get excited pretty easily, even if I have to finish myself. But a question for you. You like watching quietly or would you like to offer commentary or directions?"
Jenna tilted her head. Pam had caught her a little off guard which rarely happened. "Oh. Well. I guess I would like to offer comments, I am not a quiet person. I think I will refrain from directing the two of you, but yes, I will make some comments. And that old movie -- is that the one where the guy has his cock bitten off? I can see where that might be a turnoff."
Pam saw Sam waving at them from the car. "It looks like it is almost time, I think Jeff and Sam have things checked out. Let's head over." Both of them chuckled over the choice of words.
The trio climbed into the vehicle. Jenna in the left front where the driver would have sat, had there been one. Sam got shotgun and Pam in the backseat. Jeff leaned in the side door and asked "Everyone ready? Ms. Hoskins, you should put on your seatbelt, but I guess we can overlook it for the other two. I take it they will be moving about the cabin. I have the vehicle programmed for the track. Accelerate modestly to 100 and hold it. The car will respond to your voice commands, just preface the command with 'AAV'. Like AAV slow to 50mph' for example. If there are no more questions, off you go!" Even Jeff sounded excited.
All three looked around and no one seemed to need any further instruction. Jenna spoke up "Let's go then. Close the door and we will be off. The door closed and Jenna issued the first command. "AAV, begin test." The car began to move, nearly silently with the electric motor giving a slight hum and the tires making just a small sound as they passed over the tarmac of the track. They could feel the car accelerate steadily as they went around the oval track. A slight force came with each corner, but with the banked track it was not significant.
Sam was the first to speak. "Okay, someone has to say it. WHEEEEE! This is fun -- best. Coaster. EVER. Pam, you ready for some company back there? Jenna, you ready to witness? I'm sure ready to see how this works!"
"I was hoping I wasn't going to have to come up there and drag you back here." You said these seats recline? Where is the release?" Pam looked around the back seat for the handle or panel.
Sam turned and began to climb into the back. Over on the wall, there is a touch pad. Press it and it will give you options. It can control the stereo, air, heat. All the things we had to do up front. I think it also can control the video panel if you want. See if they have any porn on there in case we need assistance."
Pam touched the screen and went through the options. She pressed the 'recline seat ' option and repeated until 'full recline' was selected. The hum of a small motor was evident as the back reclined and the back seat flattened out to a bed like platform nearly the size of a full bed. "Very nice -- and it is firm."
Sam tumbled onto the surface. "And if you look in the corners there are some straps to hold in case we hit some rough road or badass curves. Nice option." He started to remove his jeans.
Jenna used the rearview mirror to eye the pair. "You two have fun back there. I'm watching the instruments, but I am sure I won't need to. I want to get a good look at the two of you making automotive history." She undid the first two buttons on her blouse. "Nearly at 80 mph."
Pam reached over and stopped Sam before he got his pants off. "Time for that. Come down here and let's make out a little first." She pulled him down and kissed him full on the mouth. Her tongue darted into his mouth and wrestled with his. Her hands wrapped around him and he moved a hand to her breast. "Mmmm, that's a great spot to start" encouraged him to continue.
Sam could feel her hard nipple beneath the fabric and he moved his hand to go beneath and directly connect with her soft skin. "Feels so soft and smooth. I think we need to get these clothes off." Sam slid up and cupped her breast, finding the hard nipple directly, he rolled it between his thumb and forefinger.
"90 now. Feels like we are barely moving." Jenna watched the pair roll in the back and saw more and more flesh emerge. She felt herself begin to warm. Her heart rate increased. In part because of the car and the track and in part because of the scene she saw unfolding just a few feet away.
Sam and Pam continued reveling and disheveling in the back of the car as it reached the cruising speed of 102 miles per hour. Jenna looked at the heads up display and everything seemed perfect. No overheating, no excess battery draw. Now came the fun part. Instead of watching instruments, she could watch the show of intimacy. She undid her seat belt and undid the latch on the passenger seat, reversing the back so it now faced the rear and the two writhing bodies. She undid her shorts and top, sliding both off as she moved over to the rear facing seat. The silk tap pants she had chosen to wear seemed perfect. The cool material felt good and allowed for easy access when she decided to massage her moistening slit. "All right Pam and Sam. We're at the speed requested. Time for some fun. You both look delicious!"
Pam felt her clothes being tugged and pulled as Sam rolled her nipple and returned her kisses. She slipped her top off and wrapped her arms back around him. She felt his hand slide lower to her shorts. "Yeah, babe. Time to go all in. I am so ready." As she whispered to Sam, she peeked around him and saw Jenna on the edge of her seat, legs spread and her hand touching the silky material between her legs. Clearly she was enjoying the first act of the show. Pam reached down and slid Sams' jeans lower exposing his ass.
"Ready for me, Pam? " Sam took the hint and rolled slightly away and took off his shirt and removed his pants and underwear. His hard cock stood up and a drop of wetness glistened on the tip. He caught a glimpse of Jenna watching with a hungry look on her face as she cupped one breast and rubbed herself. "Enjoying the show, Jenna? It just gets better from here." He rolled back to Pam and positioned over her wide spread legs. "Let's start with me on top, guide me in. Put it right there at your sweet spot."
Pam felt the weight on her and felt Sam's hard dick on her belly. He slid down slightly and she grasped him with her hand. He was rock hard and she felt his pulse throb as she rubbed the tip at the entrance to her pussy. She moved it a couple of times and positioned it so that all either had to do was move slightly to have it buried inside her. It seemed that both moved together as he slipped deep into her, his cock disapearing, wrapped by the pink folds. Their mouths met stifling any talking. Sam began a slow routine of withdrawing and thrusting. Slowly at first and then gaining speed.
Jenna watched Pam's pussy lips devour Sam. Smooth shaven and moist with desire, it did look like a second mouth accepting his cock. The sound of moist flesh meeting the hard rod also reminded her of a mouth enjoying a treat. She rubbed herself faster and slid to directly stimulate her hot dripping slit. "That is so hot. Fuck hard. I can't wait to see you both cum. Cum hard for me." She would normally be laying back and closing her eyes as she rubbed and fingered herself, but she watched as Sam's ass bobbed up and down sliding his member in and out of Pam.
Sam felt another set of eyes on him. It was not a bad sensation. He kissed Pam deeper their tongues wrestled as he felt himself slide in and out of her. He moved his hands to join hers above her head, she was spread eagle beneath him. "Want to go on top? We can just roll on the next curve. Let the car do some of the work."
Pam whispered back "Sure. Let's go." As they felt the motion of the car the two joined bodies rolled slightly and reversed positions. Sam slid slightly out as he came to rest on his back with Pam now on top. Pam reached back and became aware of Jenna intensely gazing at them, only a few feet away. "Jenna, you want to slide him back in? He came out."
Jenna saw the pair reverse and come uncoupled. She almost didn't believe what she was hearing, but wasn't about to miss the opportunity. "Certainly, glad to assist." She took her hand from her crotch, leaned forward and grasped Sam's hard member placing the tip at the entrance. Her other hand rested on Pam's ass and she pressed down and watched as well as felt the two join together.
Sam was a little surprised at Pam's suggestion but he damn sure didn't mind. It was hot being watched, but to have this third person assist took it to a whole new level. He felt her touch and then felt himself buried deep inside of Pam. He thrust some but Pam was moving faster and with more vigor than he could remember. He reached down to grab her ass, spreading her cheeks and driving her deeper onto him.
Pam almost felt like she had the penis and was pumping on top of Sam. It felt so good sliding in and out and filling her. She rocked and bounced. She flexed her pelvic muscles grasping him firmly as she slid up and down. She felt him arch and felt a twitch which she knew signaled he was about to release. She tilted and pressed her mons venus to him as hard as she could driving him deep inside as she felt the spasms start.
Jenna went back to fingering herself. Her clit was hard and swollen. Her nipples about to explode as she rubbed and tugged on them. The motion before her intensified, Pam's white round ass bouncing up and down on the cock that was burying itself all the way into her. She watched as the motion slowed and Pam took the entire shaft deep within her. She saw Sam begin to throb. He was cumming! Inside her. A drop of white liquid escaped from the lips surrounding Sam and then a small rivelet joined. He had filled her and it could hold no more! Jenna renewed her stroked and felt her own tide begin to rise as her hands blurred rubbing and sliding inside her.
"Ahhhh.....fuck that was awesome, Pam. I must have shot a double load. I stashed a towel over in the corner if you need. Roll off and I can finish you." Sam sounded spent. His voice low and soft.
"Fine. I think I'll just ooze a bit. Maybe Jenna wants to see it drop out of me." Pam rolled off and now faced Jenna who was staring at Pam's reddened slit that was wet with her own juices and letting Sam's white cum seep out. "Feast your eyes. Finish me off, Sam. Looks like Jenna will get off as well."
Sam watched the two women face off at each other. At first he thought it was a weird competition, kind of a reverse female version of a circle jerk. But it seemed more. Fuck. He'd figure it out later. He reached over and found Pam's clit. He started to rub there and then ran a finger lower feeling both of their juices mingling. He went back and focused on her hard button while he kissed her neck. He slid one hand beneath her and entered her pussy with a finger from the rear as his other hand flicked and rolled above. As he rolled both he felt her arch and knew her time had arrived.
Jenna watched the scene. Sams' fingers sliding in and rubbing Pam. Her pink lips were scarlet and there was so much wetness. It made her even closer to her own orgasm as she used both hands. The silk fabric moist and pushed to the side exposing her own twat to the pair. She felt their eyes on her as she bucked and rubbed. Almost, almost -- the first wave of heat and electricity started. It hit her as she raised up and closed her eyes feeling it wash over her followed by another and another. Her hands stopped but the fingers inside her felt the tightening and release as she came for several seconds. She collapsed on the seat, opened her eyes and watched as Pam raised up. It almost seemed like it was a delayed mirror image.
Pam saw Jenna arch and shudder. The older woman's eyes closed and her mouth moved without a sound. She felt her own body react as Sam went in deeper and rubbed as fast as possible. The heat hit her and her legs slapped together trapping Sam's hands. The spasms were exquisite, starting at her toes and moving higher. One after another. A howl emerged. Not a scream, not a yell, but what could only be described as a howl as her breath escaped.
A hush fell over the three spent bodies, the slight rumble of the tires and whine of the engine was all that was heard.
Pam rolled and hugged Sam. She felt his warm load leak from her, but she didn't mind. She had released his hand and he hugged her back. Pam broke the silence first. "I think I will take that towel now. Wow. Nice finish." Sam handed her the towel and she sat up, dabbing it between her legs. "Jenna, you okay? It looked like you were having a good time as well."
The older woman had collapsed into her seat, arms last month, legs at an angle and what remained of her clothes askew and barely covering. "Yes, a great time. I haven't cum that hard since.... Well, in a long time. You two certainly gave an awesome performance." Becoming a little self conscious Jenna rearranged her clothes as she watched the couple in front of her. They were comfortable with being naked in the car, more than she was. "Care for a drink? I know I would. It is a competing proposal, but I don't think anyone will mind if we mix them. Seems very decadent to first have sex and then drink while driving." Jenna seemed to have developed a ramble just as Pam and Sam had.
The car came to a halt back at the garage area of the track and three people exited the AAV. The mechanic walked over and asked how it had gone, but he knew full well that it had been a success by the smiles on each passengers' face. After a brief walk around he closed the doors and installed a charging cord to replenish the battery for the next test which was later that day.
As they walked off, Jenna talked to the couple. "Congratulations, you are the first members of the '100MPH club' as verified by Acme motors. We have to design the certificate or award or whatever we plan to give out for it. I want to go over a few more details, but it can wait until Monday. How about the afternoon? I will clear it with your manager, but I doubt that there will be any problem. Any plans for the rest of the weekend? My plan is to head home and take a long bath and probably a longer nap."
Sam and Pam looked at each other. Sam smiled and spoke, "That sounds great. But you are a member, too. Solo flights count! But for the rest of the day, I may hit the shower and go for the nap." He held Pam's hand as they walked back. But Monday sounds good to review."
Pam added, "Monday is fine. I plan to jot down a few notes. About ideas with the car, not Sam's performance. That was incredible. I am still kind of wound up, I might go for a walk around the neighborhood and a shower. And maybe a leisurely drive tomorrow. With a driver. And a slower pace. But first order of business? I need to find a bathroom. Maybe that is the other thing to install in the AAV -- a porta-potty!"
-0-
Remember to vote in the Geek Pride event -- and what option would YOU choose for the Autonomous Vehicle? The Erotic Car for sex, A Bar car, an entertainment theatre on wheels or Pam's Porta-Potty? Leave your vote in the comments section. Thanks for reading!
PMDlite