We have been married for seven years.
A few years ago my wife and I took a vacation to Florida. We rented a car and hotel room in Ft. Lauderdale.
Debbie is 5'7" and 32B bra size.
We were married when we were 19.
I bought my wife a new swim suit that was revealing. It was black with gold trim. She really liked it and so did I. We immediately went to the beach and lay on our towels as near to the water as possible. We sunned on the beach and enjoyed the sun.
As the sun set we drove to a restaurant. The food was very good and decided that we would go to the same restaurant tomorrow.
When we got back to our motel we discovered that we both got a little sunburned.
The next day we also bought a couple of cheap beach chairs and took them down to the water.
The waves caused the top of her suit to fall down. I noticed that her tits were completely on display to anyone who would walk by.
I mentioned it to my wife and she just said, "It's ok" and took one of the chairs right out into the shallow water. She sat in the chair and spread her legs over the chair to keep it in place.
I like to walk down the beach and she whatever I could see. I often pick up shells and bring them back to where we were laying.
As I walked back to our towels I noticed that anyone walking toward her could see her pussy each time the waves came in.
I choose not to say anything. By now I was getting excited by her lazzi faire attitude.
The next time I walked down the beach I noticed that my wife was laying on her towel topless and a man was talking to her. She reached out to get some suntan lotion and he volunteered to apply the lotion. He rubbed it in her tits as they were talking. He was looking straight at her tits as they talked.
By now I had a hard on and was trying not to show it.
The sun was setting so we gathered up our chairs and headed to the parking lot.
Thomas, I learned talked to both of us as we were leaving.
He let us know that He actually was an actor and invited us to come to the show, tickets on him.
The play was a short one, only forty five minutes.
He then encouraged us to come to his room that he keeps during the season.
We drove to the place he keeps, following him.
I parked and walked up to his door as he opened it and greeted us with a glass of wine.
Neither I or my wife had ever drank wine and we were quiet relaxed.
His room consisted of a bathroom, a bed and two chairs.
My wife excused herself and went to the bathroom.
When she came out, she surprised us.
She was only wearing a light beach cover up, revealing that she had on no bra and no panties.
I was really hard by now and not knowing what to do about it.
I sat in the chair nearest to the bed and she sat on the bed.
Thomas sat by the bed as well and leaned toward Debbie.
Debbie layed back on the bed and raised herself by her elbows.
I just stayed where I was on the other side of the bed.
Thomas had brought both of us another glass of wine.
I watched Thomas move closer to Debbie until he was laying right next to her.
Debbie went back to the bathroom and when she came back she saw that Thomas had taken his shirt off and dropped his shorts and he was only wearing his boxers and a hard on.
I too from the other side of the bed dropped my shorts and I took off my shirt.
Thomas began to feel up her legs as he lightly kissed my wife.
I said nothing.
Debbie glanced at me and then she leaned even closer to him.
Thomas dropped his boxers revealing a huge dick with a strong hard on and everyone was naked except me.
My own hard on got even hotter.
Thomas squeezed her tits and then sucked them.
He then began licking her pussy and eating her out.
I should have stopped him but it was like I was frozen, not knowing what to do.
Taking my silence as approval Thomas rubbed his dick up and down her pussy slit and then he slowly pushed his huge dick into her pussy.
He took it very slowly and then began to pick up speed as he fucked her. She began to rise up to his thrusts as Thomas plowed her pussy for all it was worth.
He didn't stop even as she began to scream and then she began to loudly say, "fuck me, fuck me, don't stop, don't stop, fuck me, fuck, fuck me you bastard, and Never stop!"
The fucking kept up for almost two hours or more.
I laid on the other side of the bed and could strongly smell the smell of sex.
Debbie fell asleep in Thomas's bed.
She didn't wake up until the next afternoon.
I ordered pizza delivered. None of us had the energy to get out of our motel rooms.
Thomas spent the rest of the day and some of the next training Debbie on how to suck a man's cock and swallow.
We gave our address back at home to Thomas. He said he would like to keep in touch.
When we heard that we just smiled and knew he would be visiting us fairly soon.