******************
DISCLAIMER: My first attempt to submit this story was met with rejection because I used the word "young" and didn't clarify that all characters in my story are at least 18 years old or older.
I guess I must live a sheltered life in as much that I didn't realize the word "young" would be construed to mean a child instead of a person who I would consider "young" because they are not as old as I am. Oh Well..
******************
I have been a nudist all my life and in the early years I didn't know what a nudist was, I never liked to wear clothes. My mother would get me dressed and shortly afterwards I would be naked again. When I was younger, she would get exasperated and after awhile she would dress me one time and then when I took my clothes off, she would let me run around naked.
As I got older, my parents tried to convince me to wear clothes and they've even gone as far as to punish me but, to no avail. I would walk around completely nude or some days I would put on panties to appease my parents. My brothers never minded the way I dressed or undressed. I have two brothers, one older and one younger and anytime someone said anything bad about me, they would defend my honor.
Now that I live in my own apartment, I can stay naked all the time unless I have to go out. I don't mind people seeing me naked or nude, whichever way you want to say it.
I love it when I catch someone staring as my pussy. I have always kept it bald because it is easier to keep clean and far better for my personal hygiene. (girls you know what I mean) I also love to embarrass people by doing whatever comes up at the spur of the moment.
Anyway, recently I had an experience that is worth telling you about. Like, it was mid Saturday morning and I was going about my normal business getting my house cleaned and when I finished I took a shower and got all cleaned up.
Just as I was drying my body, I heard my door bell ring. I was expecting my friend Darien to come over, so I wiped my feet off on the rug in front of my shower, I held my towel in my hand because I wasn't dry yet, I went to the door. I unlocked the door and pulled it open expecting to see Darien standing there however much to my surprise there stood two young men dressed in white shirts and black slacks holding some books. After a brief speechless period they told me they were Jehovah Witnesses. I stood naked in front of my door, holding my towel and both of them looking up and down my naked body and both sets of eyes stopped and stared at my pussy.
I asked, "Is there something I can do for you guys?"
Realizing they had both been caught staring at my pussy, both of them turned red and finally one stuttered nervously, "Do you know Jesus? We would love to show you what He has to offer."
I wasn't really in the mood to learn about Jesus but I was immediately interested in having some fun at their expense. So I stepped back and said, "Please come in and we can talk."
Both of them timidly stepped up into my house and when they were past the door I glanced around outside and then closed it. I offered them to come and sit in the living room which was only a few steps from my front door.
I asked them, "Do you want something to drink?"
At first they said they didn't want anything but when I offered them some iced tea, they accepted. I poured three glasses of iced tea and took them into the living room and set them on the coffee table.
By now I had dropped my towel in the kitchen so I stood before them completely naked. I told them I would be right back and disappeared to go to the bathroom to brush my hair. Once that was done, I walked back into the living room fluffing my hair and the hushed mumblings stopped immediately and both sets of eyes got big again when they saw I was still naked.
The older looking fellow finally said, "We thought you were going to go put some clothes on."
I looked at them and said, "No, I am a nudist and I'm always naked when I'm at home also any other time I can be naked."
Both of them visibly gulped and then the older looking fellow said, "Maybe we should go and come back another time."
I was still standing right in front of them where they were seated on the couch and I intentionally moved my feet apart so they would be able to see my pussy better and said, "It doesn't matter to me if we talk now or later but if you come back another time, I will be just as naked then as I am now. I don't wear any clothes when I am at home."
Again both of them were staring at my bald pussy and I could feel the moisture building up inside my pussy working towards the opening. I was getting very excited letting these two guys stare at my naked body but mostly my pussy.
With a red face the older fellow opened his Bible and started to talk. I picked up my iced tea and walked across the room and sat down in a large armed chair. Once I was seated I took a sip of my iced tea and set it on the stand beside me.
I wasn't about to let these guys off easy so I turned slightly so my pussy would be turned towards them and threw my leg over the arm of the chair which successfully spread my pussy wide open for their viewing.
Both of the guys just stared at my pussy and it wasn't until I asked, "Is everything ok?" They looked up at my face and again both of them blushed a very deep red, from embarrassment.
Then I asked, "Haven't you guys seen a naked female before?"
They shook their heads side to side and then I asked, "So are both of you virgins?" They again sat there and without saying anything, they shook their heads up and down and I could tell both of them were staring at my pussy again.
I could see both of them forming tents in the front of their slacks so I told them, "You can take off your clothes if you want to, I won't care because this house is for naked people."
Both of them mumbled at the same time, "No ma'am we can't do that, it isn't right."
Being bold I said, "I can see that both of you have a hardon, so I guess being religious doesn't stop you from being a normal red blooded male."
Again both of them blushed deeply (if that is possible) and the older one said, "We are servants of our Lord and we have to do what He wants us to do."
I decided to turn up the heat on these two guys so I dropped my hand down to my waist and extended my middle finger downward until I touched my clit. This sent tiny electric shocks throughout my body. Being spread wide and totally displayed in front of these two guys excited me and I was soaking wet and I could see and feel my feminine fluids on my finger after I dipped it into my pussy.
The older fellow started to talk while staring at my finger as I massaged my clit and when I began to move my hips in unison with the stimulations cause by my finger. The other guy blatantly stared at my pussy and watched me masturbate in front of them.
The moment was broken when there was a knock on my door and then it opened and Darien walked in. Both guys turned their heads and saw Darien as came through the door. I saw both of them become nervous immediately and got a worried look on their faces.
I didn't want them to jump and run so I told them, "Darien is my good friend. I knew he was coming over today and I thought it was him when you two were at my door."
I looked at Darien without moving and said, "Darien these two fellows are Jehovah Witnesses and they are here trying to tell me about Jesus."
Darien smiled as he walked into the living room which is really an open space not far from the front door. Darien stopped and shook hands with both or the other guys and then excused himself and went to the back bedroom.
When Darien returned completely naked and his hard cock leading the way, I saw the guys look at him and then at me. Before they could say anything I said, "My home is a nudist home and when any of my friends come to visit me, they go to the back bedroom and take off their clothes and join me in my nudist lifestyle."
I went on to say, "I offered you a chance to join me and be nude but neither of you wanted to do that. Since you are both strangers in my home, I will accept that from you, but my friends know I prefer them to be nude after they arrive."
Darien stood there with his hard cock bobbing up and down and I saw both of them look at it more than a few times. Finally Darien walked over to me and kissed me and he reached out and cupped my pussy with his right hand. Then he inserted his middle finger into my drenched pussy and used the palm of his hand to rub my clit. I humped up towards his hand to show him my appreciation for him rubbing my clit.
The two guys sat on the couch and watched for a few minutes and the older one started to talk about Jesus again. Meanwhile Darien sat down in front of my chair and with my legs spread wide he had full access to my pussy. He leaned forward and when his tongue made contact with my clit, I moaned.
The guys on the couch could see the back of Darien's head in front of my spread legs but with both of them being a virgin, I am sure they didn't know what Darien was doing to me. It took only a couple of minutes before I climaxed with louder moaning and Darien had a hard time keeping contact with my clit because I was bucking my hips wildly.
Both guys sat there watching me as I experienced my climax and all the aftershocks as Darien continued to lick my clit.
I told Darien to stand up and he looked up at me with a broad smile and all my pussy juices on his face because he knew what I was going to do. Slowly he got to his feet and I pulled him by his hips until he was standing with a side profile to the guys on the couch. I reached out and gently grasped his cock and pulled it a few times before leaning forward and kissed the head of it. Then opening my mouth, I stuck out my tongue and licked the underside of his cock while pulling him into my mouth and closing my lips around his wonderful cock. I was concentrating on sucking Darien's cock and completely forgot about the two guys on the couch. Darien's cock felt so good and hard yet soft as I pumped my face back and forth on his shaft. I love to suck cock and Darien knew that because this wasn't the first time I had sucked him without any fanfare.
Breaking the mood, I heard someone clear his throat and stopped sucking Darien's cock and looked towards the guys on the couch. The older one said, "Maybe we should come back another time when you aren't so busy."
I looked at them and said, "It doesn't matter when you come back, I will still be naked, you will still see my pussy and my tits and if someone comes over, you are going to see them naked as well. So you can leave if you want or you can sit there until I am done and then you can talk."
I could see that both guys had large bulges in their slacks but they stood up anyway and I could tell both of them were embarrassed and sexually turned on watching me suck Darien's cock.
I asked to them before they turned to leave, "Have you ever seen anyone fuck?"
They again shook their head side to side so I got up and turned around and bent over and put my hands on the cushion of my chair. I parted my legs and asked Darien, "Please fuck me hard!"
Darien stepped up behind me and still standing in profile to the two guys, he held his cock and aimed it at my pussy. I felt him as the head of his cock started to sink into me and I looked over at the guys.
While staring at them I said, "OH GOD, Darien your cock feels so good sliding into my cunt!"
Darien always loves it when I talk dirty during sex and I felt his cock twitch when I said cunt.
Darien grasped my hips and pulled me back impaling me on his cock as deep as he could possibly get. I involuntarily moaned from the sensations surging through my body as Darien's cock filled me.
Again, I looked at the guys and they were staring at Darien as he pumped his cock into my sopping wet cunt. God I loved being fucked when someone was watching. I found out a long time ago being a nudist is basically the same as being an exhibitionist because in both lifestyles we don't mind who sees us naked. I don't want anyone to get the wrong idea I don't fuck in the open when I am at a nudist resort or campground. I can wait until I am in my private quarters. But having someone watching me have sex has always served as a special treat for me.
I watched as the two Jehovah Witnesses turned and walked towards the door. I couldn't resist saying, "Hey, if you ever want to lose your virginity, come back and I will consider fucking both of you at the same time." I followed that with a laugh and then a moan because Darien buried his cock in me and pulled my hips trying to get into me further.
I heard the door close and Darien fucked me until both of us were completely spent. When we had our final orgasms, we collapsed on the floor and held each other. We drifted off to sleep for about a half an hour and then we got up and showered together.
Darien and I hung out for the rest of the day and towards evening, a few of our other friends came over and we all hung out naked. I told everyone the story about the Jehovah Witnesses coming earlier and what I did to tease them and then Darien told everyone what he did when he arrived and saw me spread out in front of them. We laughed our asses off but deep down I really hope they could come back some day and instead of teasing them, I would fuck them.
I hope you enjoyed this story and I do have many more to tell.