Stephanie was sitting on her bed, she was waiting for the builders to appear across the road. There was a new high rise being built across from the road from her apartment building, and a week ago she spotted a builder looking over into her apartment when she was masturbating. She had not really been that visible where she was but he would have been able to tell what she was doing. Stephanie was mortified and ran to the bathroom to hide, but while she was sitting there about to cry she realised that her heart was beating fast and that her nipples were hard, she had liked that he had seen her, it turned her on.
The next day she had looked out at about the same time and he was there looking, she had flashed her tits at him, they were very nice tits, and he looked very pleased, but she was embarrassed that she had done it and ran to the bathroom again. Once there she felt really horny and masturbated again.
Stephanie was not experienced in the sexual ways of the world she had just turned 20 and was still a virgin. That was her choice, she was pretty, fit, and had a smoking hot body, she just wasn't prepared to fuck some boy that would disappear the next day. She was five foot six and slim, she had silky black skin, she knew she was a pretty girl, and she had curves, so getting the right man when he came along would not be an issue. However this did mean her reactions could be naive and her knowledge was limited, but she was aware of this, she didn't think she was some sex goodness because she had watched porn and read about it.
On the third day, Stephanie waited with a bath robe on, she was convinced that displaying her body fully would arouse her more than ever and intended to flash her entire body. The guy appeared a couple of minutes later than he had the two days before and there was another man with him, the second man waved, she blushed, but the fact a second man wanted to see her made her wet.
Stephanie smiled, and pulled the cord that tied the robe around the middle the loose knot untied and the belt flopped to the sides, the robe not opening but now loose around her. She took a side in each hand to control it carefully, then pulling the right side across a bit to hide his beautiful shaved pussy she opened the left side revealing her left breast. She held it open for about 10 seconds then closed it, pulled the left side over to cover, and opened the right side. She flashed the right boob for about 10 seconds too, then closed. She felt so excited her pussy was buzzing, her heart was racing. She pulled open both sides revealing her beautiful body to them, she held it open for about 10 seconds again, before pulling it back around her. Her clit was singing to her, it wanted attention, she was hot and bothered the men had looked at her naked body and she loved it. She had intended to leave it there, but her desire to be watched was growing quickly, so she flipped the robe off her shoulders and slowly, almost seductively turned around so her back was facing them, she then dropped the robe, showing them her pert, pear shaped bottom. She stood for a good few seconds, then slowly turned around 360 degrees, smiling at them as faced them, but once she was back to having her back to them again she grabbed the robe off the floor and ran to the bathroom. She masturbated furiously cumming several times, she could not believe how excited she was about what she had done.
The next day was the weekend, and the building site was quiet, there were a couple of workmen about, but there was nobody looking over, Stephanie could not believe how disappoint she was that she could not show off. Sunday was much worse there was nobody there, and when she played with herself it was somehow unfulfilling.
By the time it got to the afternoon on Monday she could not wait to let them see her. She came to the window in the same bath robe, there were 5 or maybe 6 men standing looking across today, a number waved, and she waved back. Then she repeated the exposure of her breasts, she felt like her clit would explode as she did, when she opened both sides she let go of the robe and brought her hands to her breasts, she ran her hands around them, accentuating their perfect shape and size, she finished by brushing her nipples that were rock hard, and singing to her as much as her clit was. She closed the robe. She turned, her back to them again, and flipped the robe off his shoulders, then slowly dropped it down her body, slowly revealing more and more of her back and then her bottom, she dropped it to the ground from there.
She slowly turned around 360 degrees again, and was pleased to see the cheers that came from them, then when her back was to them again, she bent over forwards, supporting herself on the ground with an outstretched arm. With the other hand she reached back and ran her fingers down the length of her pussy, then then back up parting her lips. She thought she might cum if she did that again she was so hot, and she grabbed the robe and ran to the bathroom, her wanking lasted longer than ever, and she had a couple of intense orgasms, the thought of them watching her running through her head.
Now on Tuesday afternoon Stephanie sat on her bed, she had her bathrobe on and was waiting, she had a plan to go further than she had before, give them a show, she was excited and her heart was racing, she was not sure she could go through with it, but the idea of doing it was already making her wet.
When she finally looked out the window, there were more than 10 men watching, she positively squealed with delight.
She stood, and took a bow, most of the men waved, and some appeared to have taken out their phones to film her. She waved back then started, repeating the reveal of her breasts and then dropping the robe and giving a twirl. She bent over and played with her pussy her heart racing, then in a complete break she jumped on the bed and laid down her pussy facing them, she raised her knees in front of her then slowly opened them to the sides. She could see how much the men on the other side of the road lusted after what they were seeing, as she moved her hands to her breasts and played, tweaking her nipples and making herself moan, not that any of them could hear that.
Then she slowly and as seductively as she could muster, she moved her hands down, she slipped a hand down either side of her pussy, and then pulled her lips open revealing her soft, bright pink inner lips and her pussy, dripping from the excitement she was feeling, she used a finger to rub up and down, exciting her pussy, and she bet more than a few of the men the other side of the road. She slipped a finger inside, she was leaning her head back and exaggerating the pleasure for them to see.
Her finger slipped in and out, she loved how that felt knowing they were all watching her so closely, then a second finger joined the first and she teased her pussy, which was of course teasing the men watching. She stopped and made a big play of bringing her fingers to her mouth, and then slowly licked them clean, ensuring that the show was clearly visible to all the men.
Her hands went back down, and she started to rub her pussy, and tease her clit. She held herself back from cumming as she rubbed and built the tension, always making sure that the view from outside was perfect. She flicked and danced with her fingers on her clit, almost cumming three or four times as she got herself into a bigger hot mess of sexual tension than she had ever been before, she clit was burning, and every touch was an effort not to cum her pussy was the wettest it had ever been. She lifted her back her muscles all tightening, and she finally released, she moaned loudly and almost screamed as the orgasm flooded across her, she felt like somebody had hooked her up to a car battery she shook so much. Intense pleasure filling her whole body, and her mind delighted with the results.
She lay there still shaking in the aftershocks of her most intense orgasm ever! She looked and most of the men were still there, she stood her legs a little shaky, and took another bow, picked up her robe and walked slowly to her bathroom.