This story starts a little slow to set the scene before getting into the spicier material. If you're here for the threesome skip to about halfway. Any feedback on what you like, don't like, or what you want to see next would be really appreciated!
********************************
I checked myself in the rear view mirror at the red light. It felt dumb but I couldn't help it. I moved my hair and felt it was damp with sweat, partially because of the heatwave I was driving though - it was so hot today that even my car's air conditioner could barely keep up. I was driving to my weekly yoga class I've been going to for years, hosted in the house of our instructor named Moxie. There was a good group of us - about ten, that went to this class weekly. Even after spending every Saturday morning with them for years, I was only familiar with two women in the class - Moxie and Lizzie.
Lizzie. She was a really hot woman in the class. She was about thirty - same as me - and worked out often, giving her the thick thighs and tight ass I loved. She had short dark hair, dressed in dark clothes, and tattoos on her pale skin that seemed to flow when she moved and her toned arms and legs. What was the hottest part of her look was her eyes. Big, round blue eyes that sparkled like she was so happy every time they looked in my direction. I wanted her, and even asked her out at one point, but she informed me with a laugh that she had a long time boyfriend, keeping her firmly out of my life aside from the yoga classes. It was just starting to feel cool when I pulled up to Moxie's house and jumped out, stopped by the group of regular Yoga attendees facing Moxie at her front door.
"Everything OK?" I asked.
"The AC in my house is broken and I can't get a guy to come in and fix it. They say so many air conditioners are breaking down because of the heat wave they can't keep up with it all. It's like 35 degrees inside." Moxie said. There was a general grumble with the handful of people when she said the temperature.
"I can't workout in that heat, I'll pass out." Someone said. People started going back and forth, debating about the class when a woman on a black sport motorcycle pulled up, silencing everyone with the rumble of her bike as she pulled up to the house. Everyone watched as she took off her helmet and it was Lizzie, wearing black jean shorts, boots, a tight leather jacket and a backpack.
"What's up?" She asked and got off her bike. Moxie quickly recapped her and she shrugged like the news was obvious.
"My AC crashed too. Been sweating my tits off the last couple days. We'll live." She walked to the door and a couple of the older members started to leave, headed to their cars. Lizzie looked around confused. "What you've never heard of hot yoga? People pay extra for this!" They ignored her and drove away.
"I'll still teach to whoever wants to stay." Moxie said. "Anyone who chooses to go, see you next week." She opened the door to her house and Lizzie walked in immediately with me following right behind. A couple people hesitated then joined, with another couple deciding to leave. In the end, it was myself, Lizzie, two other women and one guy that stayed to try the session. What were their names again? I knew the two women were friends and had similar names but I often got them mixed up, despite them looking nothing alike. Claire and Kait? I don't remember. The guy's name was Doug, and he was easy as one of the only other guys in the class.
We went to the basement where Moxie had the yoga studio set up and we took our usual places. Lizzie put her bag in the corner and took off her boots and socks, wearing only her black nail polish and the tattoos running down her ankle onto her feet - one ankle a spider web and the other a snake. She also took off her jacket to reveal that she wasn't wearing a shirt underneath, only a black sports bra that hugged her small boobs. What were they, A cup? No, probably a B cup. Definitely wasn't the first time I tried to figure it out, but anytime I saw her without a shirt I couldn't help but wonder. Almost exactly like how I wondered about Moxie's tit size, except hers were closer to a D cup. As I thought it, Moxie pulled her tank top over her head to reveal the white bra underneath, pressing her tits together to make a deep cleavage. This, paired with her black spandex shorts, was a pretty typical outfit she wore, but the sweat made her skin shine, and she looked extra sexy today. I looked away, trying not to get caught staring and I made eye contact with Lizzie as she pushed her shorts past her ass and smirked at me. She had on the same tight black spandex shorts as Moxie that cupped her ass and made a competition with our instructor for who had the better body.
It was funny how the two women I wanted to see naked were almost opposites of each other physically. Lizzie was thin, with her small chest and was a few inches shorter than me. She was muscular but in a lean way, with her dark tattoos displaying the contours of her pale arms. Moxie on the other hand was thick and usually had to squeeze her giant tits and ass into her spandex outfits while towering over most people with her impressive height. She had a dark, rich tan from her obvious time spent outside, and smiled often like she was happy in everything she did. Lizzie's smiles always seemed more mischievous, like she just had a great idea that involved using my body to teach me a lesson, or at least that's what I hoped she thought about.
Lizzie set up her mat next time mine, in the loosely formed circle opposite to Moxie. The other women and the guy set themselves up around us and the class began. Moxie started the class completely normal, going through the standard warm ups and stretches to get us ready for the harder poses. Even in the easy phase of the class, I could feel the sweat rolling down my face and arms. Soon I was leaving hand and footprints on my yoga mat anywhere I touched, leaving the mat more and more wet as we continued to do our yoga. I glanced over at the woman on my right and it looked like she was struggling with the heat. Her pink yoga pants were a different shade than when we started and her face and arms were flushed with the heat. Like me, the other yoga students were leaving sweat marks on the mats as they continued, getting their area slick with sweat.
Moxie called for a warrior pose and the deep stretch felt great on the inside of my thighs. I glanced over at Lizzie and watched a bead of sweat roll down the dragon tattoo on thigh, forming a little river as it made its way to her bare feet on the mat. The tattoo really made her thigh muscles pop out, I decided. Something in the art blended perfectly with the thickness and shape of her leg so it looked even more pronounced than her other thigh. Could that have been on purpose? I looked up a bit to see Lizzie smirking at me again, watching me watch her. I looked away quickly and she laughed.
"Lose something over here?" She asked.
"No, of course not." I said, feeling my face get even hotter than it already was.
"Are you sure? You seemed really interested in whatever I have."
"I've just... never seen a dragon look like it's sweating before." I finished lamely. What kind of an excuse was that? Not to mention I just confirmed that I was staring at her thigh. Dumbass!
"Well at least someone likes Cinder." Lizzie said nonchalantly.
"What does that mean?" Moxie asked. It was quiet enough in the room that everyone heard our interaction.
"My boyfriend - sorry ex boyfriend never liked him." Lizzie said flatly.
"Oh shit sorry!" Moxie said, with everyone voicing their apologies to her in turn.
"It's fine! I'm fine! It's just funny that the first guy to look at me since I'm single admired the thing my boyfriend hated." Lizzie said.
"Your dragon tattoo?" I asked.
"All my tattoos. He hated them all."
"How many do you have?" I asked.
"A bunch. All over the place. If it gets any hotter in here, you might see more of them." Lizzie said. We all laughed but I didn't find it funny. Instead I had to twist my hips a bit to try and hide how my dick got a little hard at the idea that Lizzie was taking off more clothes. She wasn't wearing much as it was. Moxie stepped out of the pose and looked at us with her hands on her hips.
"Let's take a break. I don't want anyone passing out from the heat." We all relaxed and Moxie went upstairs. I went to my bag to get some water and Lizzie dug through her bag near me.
"Hey- I'm sorry about your boyfriend." I said.
"Are you? Something tells me you're happy to hear I'm single." Lizzie shot at me without pausing looking in her bag. Was it that obvious? Today it was hard to keep my eyes off her but usually I'm way better at staying focused.
"I meant I'm sorry he didn't like your tattoos. He clearly didn't appreciate who you are properly." I said, trying my best to deflect the attention from me wanting her. She froze and looked at me, with a different look than before.
"Thanks." She said.
"It is a cool dragon by the way, and the name fits. A buddy of mine has a dragon tattoo and named it Mu Shu after-"
"The dragon in Mulan." Lizzie finished. I nodded, smiling. I left out the part where Mu Shu the dragon was eating a bowl of Mu Shu pork.
I didn't know what else to say, so I just smiled at her for a second and she smiled back. It was such a nice smile, different than her usual smiles, it completely changed the way her face looked, from being tough and overly serious into cute and happy and beautiful. Her eyes shined and it always made me feel even more interested than before.
Moxie came back downstairs, carrying a tray of cups with iced tea in them. We went and got the drinks, the group of us sitting on the floor and chatting while we rested. It was still really hot in the room, but I was getting used to it.
Moxie got up and raised her hands to the ceiling slowly. It was only then that I realized she must have been really sweaty too because her white bra was almost see through at this point. She had her eyes closed and her hands above her head, and the outline of her dark nipples on display for the room. I wasn't the only person to notice, as Lizzie and the other people in the room seemed pretty focused on her chest. Moxie relaxed and saw us staring at her.
"I guess white wasn't the best colour to wear today." Moxie said, looking down.
"Yeah, we can fully see your tits." Lizzie said casually. "Just take it off if you're that hot."
"Yeah I might. When I'm alone I typically do my yoga naked." Moxie around the room as she spoke. "Would any of you mind if I took it off?" Lizzie and both of the other girls said they wouldn't mind. I looked at the other guy in the class and he looked as surprised as me. We both said it was fine and watched, shocked, as our yoga teacher pulled her bra over her head and let her tiddies drop for us. They were beautiful.
With her top off, it was easier to judge her cup size, and I guessed she was around a D cup. They sagged a lot more without the support, but they were still nice and round, with big dark nipples. She had no tan lines, and the rich, vibrant tan she glowed with was consistent everywhere, making me guess she was topless outside a lot. Somehow that realization made her even sexier.
"That's so much better. Anyone else wanting to strip, feel free. We can make this a clothing optional class from now on." Moxie said, dropping her wet bra on the floor. "Also, if anyone is uncomfortable, feel free to leave. I don't want you to feel forced. I'm not charging you for today since it's already too hot here." Silence, then one of the friends, Claire I think, pulled her thin tank top off and was in just her sports bra on top. She hesitated then pulled down her pants quickly, like it was a dare. Claire had panties on underneath, but the thin dark thong contrasted her smooth caramel skin to be very sexy and revealing. Moxie cheered. She had a nice ass too.
"You aren't taking off your shirt?" I heard Lizzie ask. I turned to see who she was talking to and couldn't believe what I saw when she was looking at me. I was so focused on Claire that I didn't notice Lizzie took off her bra too, so she was in front of me, asking me to strip, with her tits out. They were a lot smaller than Moxie's, as I already guessed, but they were very upright and perky. Her boobs were even more pale than the rest of her body, and they made her small pink nipples seem like they popped even more. What I hadn't guessed was that her left nipple was pierced with a silver stud that matched her small earring studs. A dark butterfly tattoo was between her tits, spreading its wings as if trying to connect the pierced and unpierced nipples together. The stud and the tattoo really seemed to suit her.
"Hey, we found another tattoo!" I said, trying to be funny but my voice sounded too squeaky for me to like it.
"Keep staring at my tits while you decide if you're joining us." She said patronizingly. I quickly pulled my shirt over my head, trying to join in on the situation. I went to put my shirt in my bag and Doug, the other guy in the class, put his away at the same time.
"Don't fuck this up." He whispered to me.
"The class or...?"
"You know what I mean." He said, then looked at the women taking off their clothes before glaring meaningfully at me. We went back to our mats.
"Anyone have anything to say before we start again?" Moxie asked. The other friend, Kait, took a breath and pulled off her tank top and bra at the same time, showing off some deep tan lines. She quickly covered her boobs with crossed arms, like she partially regretted the decision.
"It's ok. Take your time with it. Enjoy the feeling of freedom being naked provides." Moxie said soothingly. "Anyone feel free to take off more clothes as we continue through our exercises. I encourage the men here to take off more, seeing as how they're both still decent." Moxie said. Immediately Doug pulled off his gym shorts, standing in only his briefs. He looked at me but I ignored him. I was a little too hard to take off my shorts at the moment.
"Thank you. Let's start with the warrior pose." Moxie said and progressed through the rest of the yoga set. It was still really hot in the room, but now I was a lot more focused on other things in the second half of the class. Like the hot, wet tits around me as I pretended they weren't the hottest thing I've seen in months. Slowly, the sweat rolled down my chest and back, soaking into the only piece of clothing I was wearing. The shorts that felt perfectly comfortable only a few minutes ago now felt tight and restrictive, like they were blocking me from doing what felt so natural. I considered taking off the shorts and leaving the briefs like Doug, but something about that felt silly and I would just feel more awkward. Like a little boy caught in his tighty-whities in public.
For a moment, I wondered what was stopping me from just taking it all off. Usually I wasn't as shy as this when I came to my body. I can't say I often spend time naked around strangers, but that didn't mean I couldn't, or at least couldn't try. Was it because of the women? They were already pretty open about being seen without clothes. Maybe it was just Lizzie I was worried about. I couldn't get the idea of her single out of my head and kept thinking about what it could mean. Did I have a shot with her? She wanted me to take off my shirt. If anything, taking off more was probably going to get her interested.
"Is it alright with everyone if I go completely naked?" Moxie asked. The question knocked me out of my own inner dialogue about the same idea. Everyone said it was fine and she smoothly pulled her little shorts to the ground before standing in front of us proudly.
"Shit you're hot. I hope I look like you when I'm older." Lizzie said out loud.
"Thank you!" Moxie beamed a smile at Lizzie's comment. "Keep doing yoga and get naked often!" She said. Her seamless tan continued past her waist and into her hairless pussy. Clearly she was more than topless outside, I corrected my earlier thought. Moxie let everyone get a good look at her, not caring that we were admiring her.
"Anyone else?" She asked. The question hung in the air above us all. An unanswered challenge. Who was going to respond?
"Is it alright with the women here if I tried?" I asked, not wanting to make anyone uncomfortable. I looked around and saw everyone nodding, until Lizzie snorted at me.
"No way you're going to do it." She said. Without another word, I pulled my shorts off, and put them next to my mat, proving I meant it. I pretended not to feel everyone's eyes on me as I presented myself as naked as my teacher. Quietly, I was really happy I had trimmed my bush recently to look cleaner.
"Amazing! Thank you!" Moxie said. I felt a little nervous but did my best to hide it, and did my best to ignore the fact that I was surrounded by titties. I looked around the room a bit and saw the two friends checking me out, looking me up and down. I glanced to the other side and Lizzie's eyes were firmly locked on my semi hard dick, which when I realized that, threatened to go fully hard. I took a breath and smiled back at Moxie, now thankful for this opportunity to try something new.
"No damn way you're beating me!" Lizzie said and pulled off her shorts in a quick yank of her wrist, flicking them to the side of her mat in barely a second. We were competing? I admired her pussy the same way she stared at my dick. She had a neatly trimmed triangle of black hair just above her pale pussy lips, accenting the contrast of her hair and skin yet again. Briefly I wondered what her pussy would taste like, and if I could lick the sweat from her lips, when I immediately realized my mistake. I tried to turn away, to face my hips down and hide just how hard the idea of tasting Lizzie made me, but I was too late. Lizzie's eyes opened wide and she smirked like she caught me doing something naughty. Like she was going to enjoy punishing me for it. Her eyes met mine and I looked away quickly.
"See something you like?" She asked jokingly, putting her hands on her hips to leave her naked body on display. I looked at the ground as I felt my cheeks burn up.
"It's a normal reaction." Doug said. "How is he supposed to not get hard when you beautiful women are stripping all around us."
"You mean you're hard right now too?" Claire asked him light heartedly.
"I've been hard as a rock since Moxie first flashed us!" Doug announced, making the group laugh with Moxie laughing the loudest of all.
"Then join the dark side and take off your shorts. It feels so free." She teased while sliding her hands down her wet thighs, but Doug shook his head.
"Hell no, I was just here for yoga. I'm not risking my marriage no matter the situation. I'm loving my view but I've hit my limit without my wife being here." Doug said. That's too bad. I was kind of hoping he would strip just so I felt less alone amongst the women, or even to encourage more clothes coming off. I understood it though - I probably wouldn't have taken off my shorts if I wasn't trying to get the attention of a certain black haired babe.
"Then I guess we'll just have to appreciate the two students that took the opportunity to be naked today." Moxie said, smiling at Lizzie and I.
"You too. You're the one that started this whole thing and you look amazing." I said.
"Wow, what a kiss ass, and I was just thinking that you liked seeing me naked the most, you talk about how sexy the teacher is." Lizzie said. "Get yourself some tattoos and maybe he'll really like watching you." She said, directing her instructions at Moxie.
"You don't think Moxie looks great?"
"I think she looks perfect and she made me really interested in tanning naked, I just think you are pretty comfortable admiring any pair of tits in your view." Lizzie shot back.
"Says the girl who had a hard time taking her eyes off my dick when I dropped my pants." I said.
"Hey! You two can sort this out later. Right now, let's finish our workout." Moxie said, trying to get the lesson back on track. Lizzie took a second to glare at me before turning her attention back to her instructor. She turned to face the front and I saw another surprise on her, a small dark tattoo of a mermaid just below her waist line, hidden until he was completely naked for us. I turned back to the front, wondering what her name was.
Moxie resumed our yoga session as if the back and forth never happened. She went back into the poses, guiding us into a deeper stretch than before. I was surprised at how different it felt, not being restricted. I never minded the typical gym clothes that I wore when doing yoga, but this was a whole new level of comfort. I was a little self conscious of my body, but since everyone had already seen me I figured who cares? Besides, everyone was watching Moxie and her bouncy tanned boobs anyways. She seemed to be completely at home, and I realized she probably spends a lot of time naked. She seemed the type.
After a few minutes, my mind calmed down and I was soft again. I put the conversation with Lizzie out of my mind, trying to focus on the yoga, until I caught Lizzie watching me. As I turned from facing one side to facing towards her, I saw her staring at my dick again, which was where my ass was just moments before. We made eye contact and she stared at me unapologetically, almost daring me to say something about it. She smiled and I smiled back, while trying to ignore just how much I wanted to fill her smile by shoving my dick as far in her mouth as it would go. Could she take me all? I wasn't the biggest by porn standards, but I've had girls in the past that couldn't take me all the way in their mouths because I'm too much. Lizzie seemed like the type who could handle a big dick but I wanted so badly to watch her bright eyes as she struggled to fit the last inch of me down her throat.
"Ok last stretch as always, lets see how close to the splits we can get!" Moxie said, ending the session with her usual challenge to us. Moxie sat on her mat and, like usual, smoothly transitioned into the splits, but for the first time the stretch fully exposed her pussy lips to the class. Moxie closed her eyes and took a deep breath, not caring that the group of people were all focused on her pink pussy pulled open wide for us to see. She leaned forwards, pushing her body towards the mat and letting her giant boobs hang low, brushing her nipples against the mat. She held this pose for a few seconds, displaying the deepest cleavage I've seen in real life.
I sat on my mat, trying to ignore my dick getting hard at the site of my sexy teacher's comfort level with us. As usual, the class turned to the left, accommodating the area to fit on our mats and I was able to watch Lizzie's ass as she transitioned into the stretch. Vaguely, I realized the feeling of my balls touching the yoga mat was weird as I made my attempt at the splits. I leaned forward like Moxie for the stretch, and my face was less than a foot away from Lizzie's tight ass as she leaned forwards too, spreading her cheeks and letting me see everything. Despite her trimmed hair in the front, her pussy lips and ass were completely hairless. The hard muscles in her thighs were flexed, showing off the deep contours of her toned thighs and ass cheeks. I looked her all over, drinking in the sight of this muscle bound tattoo goddess as she stretched. From the black painted nails to the thickly muscled and tattooed legs, arms and back, she made a huge show of herself to the room, with me in the perfect viewing spot. I got so hard I had no chance of hiding it.
I stayed bent over, trying to cover my hard on but that kept me closer to the sweat rolling down Lizzie's back and between her thick ass. It wasn't helping. I looked away, only to make eye contact with a very amused Moxie, clearly enjoying my struggle to regain composure. It wasn't helping me with how sexy she was either, between her cleavage and open pussy.
"Well done class. I think we can call it a day there. Thank you for staying and thank you to everyone who wore less than usual." The class relaxed, with most people standing up to leave. Doug made a bee-line for his bag, grabbing it quickly and pulling his clothes on aggressively.
"Have somewhere to be?" Moxie asked him.
"Yep. I'm going to go home and fuck my wife's brains out." He announced. A few people laughed but he clearly meant what he said, taking the stairs to the front door two at a time. Not far behind him was Claire and her quiet friend, surprisingly touchy with each other as they followed Doug's example up the stairs.
"I'll let them out and get something to drink. Feel free to hang around a bit if you want." Moxie said. She walked upstairs still vibrantly naked, seeming lighter and happier than usual.
Finally I had to get up. My cock softened a little in the short time between the end of the lesson and now, but still wasn't entirely soft. Lizzie was busy collecting her clothes as I walked to my stuff. I bent over a little, reaching into my bag, and felt a hard slap on my ass. I quickly turned to see Lizzie, still naked, a few inches away from me. She grabbed my dick without breaking eye contact.
"What? No games? No jokes? No staring at my asshole as I stretch?" She asked in a slightly mocking tone. Slowly she started to stroke my dick that went from half soft to rock hard almost instantly.
"You're the one that did the splits in front of my face. How was I not supposed to look?" I asked, sounding a little weak. She narrowed her eyes, not stopping with my cock. Suddenly she pushed my shoulder down, trying to force me to kneel on the floor. I let her.
"You spent so much time staring at my pussy, maybe you should give it a closer look. Make sure I didn't hurt it with all that stretching." My face level with her neatly trimmed black triangle of hair over her shaved pussy lips. I stared at her pubes and her bright pink clit hungrily. "Does it look good?" She asked.
"It looks amazing." I said. I looked up at her, and she glared down at me like she was tired of me.
"I don't think you can see from there." Lizzie said and pushed my face into her wet pussy. The sides of her thighs were still slick with the sweat of working out in the hot room. I breathed in deep and the smell of her pussy made me feel weak in anticipation. I didn't care how she was trying to make me feel if she let me do this, I thought with my face in her thighs.
"Actually I'm pretty sore. I think you better kiss me to help me recover." Lizzie said.
I slowly kissed her at the bottom of her pubes, trying not to seem too eager, when I realized that there was no real way to be gentle so long as her hand was forcing my head into her pussy. Besides, the force of her hand and her attitude made it clear how she wanted things. I stuck my tongue out as far as it could go and licked from where I could reach, back to where I kissed. Over and over again I moved my head forwards and back, trying to cover as much area with my mouth as possible. I got a huge taste of how wet her pussy was - it was obvious just how turned on she was from everything that happened in the last hour of the yoga class as well. So unfair that she could hide it and I was stuck with my dick standing at attention for everyone to see.
I used my whole mouth, trying to get as rough as someone could get while using only their tongue. I moved my entire head back and forth, reaching until I was sure I had to have been licking past her pussy and near her ass. I wanted to hear this bitch moan. I met her eyes again and saw grim amusement there, like it was funny in a sad way how hard I was trying to make her feel good and was still failing. I stabbed forward with my tongue, penetrating her pussy as far as my tongue could reach. Lizzie had the slightest gasp before looking down on me with a dirty little smirk. She ran her fingers through my hair as she spoke.
"You're better than I would have guessed but you still have a long way to go to impress me. You're going to have to get more creative if you want to make momma cum."
If she asked me to bark for her I probably would have.
There was the sound of a step on the stairs and Lizzie pushed me away quickly. I stood up, wiping her wetness from my face using the back of my hand. Moxie came back down the stairs, her massive tanned tits bouncing as she came down to her yoga studio. She looked around quickly, smiling at the two of us.
"Wow I thought you two would be fucking by now. I had an image of you bouncing on his dick in my head." Moxie said cheerfully. I couldn't help but let my jaw drop a little at how close she was to calling out what happened. I looked at Lizzie but she was smiling back at Moxie like they were sharing an inside joke. Moxie walked closer to us and looked me up and down before laughing.
"Between the guilty looks on your faces and the precum on your dick I think I called it pretty close." Moxie said. I looked down only to see the tip of my dick shiny and as hard as ever. "Was I close with my guess?"
"Close, but I had him get on his knees and lick my pussy clean." Lizzie announced. Moxie beamed, like this was the best news she could hear.
"I love when girls know how to get what they want." She said. Moxie put her hands on the fox tattoo on Lizzie's toned shoulders and they both stared at me.
"Now what do you want to do with him?" Moxie asked. Lizzie thought for a second before approaching me.
She put her hand on my shoulder, once again guiding me to my knees. I expected to go back to eating her out, but instead she lifted her leg and put her foot so that they covered my nose and mouth. I stared at her over her toes and licked the sole of her foot, making her smirk.
"Down." She said and pushed forwards. I laid on the floor, her black painted toenails never leaving my nose. I licked her all over and sucked one of her smaller toes into my mouth. This definitely was not what I was expecting to do today but who was I to argue when a thick muscled badass sticks her foot on my face?
"That was hot." Moxie announced. "That dick looks pretty good right now. Are you going to suck it?" Moxie asked.
"I'm not sure he deserves it yet." Lizzie replied.
"He licked your pussy and sucked your toes. What more do you want?" Moxie asked. "Also I was watching both of you and I know you've been eyeing up that dick for the past hour. You want it so badly, and I want to try his mouth." Wait, Moxie was getting in this too? Would Lizzie want that? Could I handle my tattooed crush and a fit giant titted MILF at the same time? Definitely not. How long could I last? I guess we'll find out. This is where the real workout begins.
Lizzie took her foot from her mouth and walked towards my feet, leaving one wet footprint on the way. She pushed my legs apart with her foot and knelt in between them.
"His mouth is all yours." Lizzie said, then grabbed my dick again, sending electricity running through me. She jerked me off slowly, spreading my precum over the entire head of my dick as Moxie and I watched. She used both hands, stroking me with one and cupping my balls with the other in a gentle massage. I could have stayed there all day like that, with these two hot naked women in charge of me, one teasing my dick. I wanted the moment to last but also hurry up and get to the main event I'd imagined in the shower over and over again.
Lizzie slapped my dick on her tongue a couple times before sucking half of it into her mouth. She bobbed her head forwards and back, quickly jerking me off with her hand and mouth. I moaned a little and leaned my head back to see Moxie standing over my face.
"You're going to lick my sweaty pussy clean." Moxie stated. "Do you think you can do that?" I nodded feebly.
She turned, facing away from Lizzie and crouched, placing her pussy within a lickable distance of my mouth. I breathed in and noticed how clean she smelt, smelling like sweat but in a way that wasn't grimy or gross. Slowly, I licked from the back to the front and she smiled at me like I was a good boy that figured out what she wanted.
"I don't even know why I'm doing this. I bet you don't even know how to make a real woman feel good, little boy." Moxie taunted. As a response, I leaned my head forwards and sucked on her clit, pulling on it gently but firmly with my lips. Moxie let out a quiet gasp and smiled at me again, this time like she was imagining some things she wanted to do. She ran her hand through my hair, pressing me into her pussy gently. It surprised me how similarly the two women were treating me, but how could I possibly argue when this was the result? They could do whatever they wanted to me and they knew it.
"This might be more fun than I thought. Keep surprising me and maybe you'll get a treat too." She purred to me. Fuck, just when I thought this beautiful tanned MILF riding my face couldn't get hotter she talks like that. My mind quickly raced, trying to think of what she might do, until I remembered my dick was currently in the mouth of the hottest girl I know, and it felt like she was trying to win our back and forth with her tongue in a whole new way.
With one hand, I grabbed my teacher's ass that I've been watching for years, finally feeling it in my hand. It was thick and firm from years of working out and yoga. She let me feel it all over, firmly rubbing both sides and not caring when my hand dipped between them. I tried hard to focus on the body on my mouth rather than the mouth on my body, trying hard to make sure I didn't come too fast. It was a losing battle, but one that I think I would be fine to lose. The only sound for a couple minutes was the wet noises of my tongue inside and all over Moxie's pussy, Moxie breathing hard and, and Lizzie slurping on my cock in a steady rhythm. A symphony.
Just as my tongue was going numb with the effort, Moxie patted me on the head and raised her ass, giving me a break. She turned, facing towards Lizzie who was still blowing me slowly. Moxie sat back down and I went back to eating her out like a good student. A shorter break than I expected.
"Oh honey, I thought you'd suck dick like a badass woman not a girl! Let me show you how it's done." Moxie said. I felt her hand wrap around the base of my dick and Lizzie's mouth left. Moxie slowly jerked me off, getting a feel for the situation before she leaned forwards, putting us in a 69 position. I felt a mouth on my dick again, but this time with the tongue on the other side as Moxie blew me. She sucked a little harder than Lizzie but otherwise it felt pretty similar. Slowly she built up more, finding a rhythm as she made her tongue circle the head of my cock in between sucking half of it into her mouth. It felt amazing until she suddenly pushed her head all the way down and deepthroated me like nobody has ever been able to before. I moaned loudly into Moxie's pussy, not able to hide how incredible it felt.
Dimly, I heard Lizzie whisper "Holy shit." in amazement. For a few seconds, the only sound in the room was Moxie throating my dick in and out and in and out. She wiggled her hips, jiggling her ass above my face then paused for a second.
"This isn't free, kitten. Be a dear and suck my clit." Moxie purred.
"Yeah, earn it or we're sending you home with blue balls." Lizzie said, making Moxie laugh. I remembered my responsibilities and dutifully dug my face in her pussy again, getting a quiet moan as a response. I did as I was told and focused on the clit instead of her lips, changing the angle and making my jaw ache less. God I hoped I was right and this is where the clit was.
I knew they weren't joking and I made it a mission to prove myself so that these two beauties would continue to 'torment' me. I licked my middle two fingers and slowly penetrated Moxie from behind, all without lifting my mouth from her pussy lips. I heard another gasp and felt her clench her ass a few times, then she dropped my cock.
"What a good boy. I think he's earning his first cumshot. Don't you?" Moxie said.
"No, but if it were up to me he probably wouldn't be getting very much. He should have to fuck me first" Lizzie said.
"Don't be mean. He hasn't even stopped fingering me while we've been deciding if he should come. If you treat a penis right he'll always come crawling back for more and I think I like this one." Moxie announced. She lifted my cock from where it flopped onto my belly and started stroking me again. How did even that feel so good? "Watch this." Moxie said.
Moxie wrapped her lips around my dick again and pushed deeper and deeper until the entire thing was in her throat. She bobbed a few times before coming up for air. The second time she deepthroated me, she got to the bottom and stuck her tongue out, licking the base of my dick. I couldn't help it and squeezed my ass tight, pushing my cock somehow deeper into her mouth. I was so close to losing control. I once again focused on the clit in front of my face, trying to distract myself to last longer, when I felt a second tongue on my balls.
Lizzie started sucking on my balls the same time Moxie deepthroated me over and over again. Just the thought of it was enough to make me feel like erupting, let alone the actual feeling of these two tongues and mouths in the best spot possible.
"Holy shit!" I yelled, way louder than I meant to. I felt the tidal wave build in me and erupt, sending the hardest cumshot I've ever felt out of my dick. Moxie kept her mouth on the tip of my dick the whole time and Lizzie never stopped with her tongue. I almost blacked out from the force, barely feeling the rest of the world around me.
When my senses finally seemed to come back, I was laying on the ground, covered in sweat, with both women off of me. They were wiping their mouths with a towel, smiling at each other.
I sat up and they both laughed at me.
"How was that?" Lizzie asked.
"I clenched my butt so tight it hurts now." I said.
"I would offer you a massage, but you're supposed to be massaging our insides right now." Moxie said. I got my water and drank deeply from it. Lizzie had her hand out, waiting for me to give it to her and I hesitated.
"You just licked from my clit to my ass but you're not sure if you want to share water?" She asked. I handed it to her.
"Huh, so I did lick your ass. I wasn't sure." I said.
"Yeah, next time, focus a little more on the good parts, like my clit and my insides. Or if you're going to lick my ass, go for it and actually lick it. Don't tease me with what could be a good time." She said, not completely without attitude. Moxie nodded along with what she was saying.
"So next you want me to eat your ass?" I asked. Lizzie considered the question, taking a drink from my bottle again.
"No. Right now I want to climb on top and make you clench till your ass hurts even more." She said. Holy shit she is going to ride me. I can play my part as her bottom if it means sticking my dick inside her. Moxie handed me the towel and I took it, a little confused.
"What did you think I was going to swallow? Clean yourself up." I realized she spit out my cum and it covered my dick and balls now. I did as I was told and wiped myself clean as they watched.
"Beautiful. Let's go upstairs, we need some furniture to fuck on." Moxie said. Lizzie grabbed my soft dick and pulled me towards the stairs, leading me up to the living room like a dog on a leash. She brought me in front of a couch and Moxie pushed my chest, making me sit in front of the two naked women. They stood in front of me with their hands on their hips, trying to decide what to do first.
"Do you want a condom?" Moxie asked Lizzie
"I'm on the pill. You?"
"I have an IUD. I hate the taste of laytex so let's not."
Moxie leaned in close to me, her mouth barely an inch from my ear as she whispered to me.
"Maybe if you're a good boy you'll get to come inside one of us. Do you think you can do that?" She asked.
"Yes." I whispered back. As I said it she grabbed my dick, slowly stroking life back into it.
"From now on you're going to call me Ma'am." Moxie instructed me. "What do you want to be called?" She asked Lizzie.
"Call me Bitch." Moxie froze for a second and Lizzie shrugged. "I like a little fight in a guy. I don't want to control a weak bottom. I want to top a man that can give me what I want when I take it from him."
"Then you call her Bitch. What do you want to be called?" She asked me.
"Stud." I said back. I expected them to laugh but they didn't. Instead, Moxie's hand kept stroking my fully hard cock, getting me back in a position to let them take control of me all over again.
"Alright Stud. Do you think you can fuck us now?"
"Yes Ma'am."
"Good. I'll let you choose who you fuck first." I didn't even hesitate.
"I want that Bitch first." I said, nodding at the pale goth chick watching my cock move up and down with her arms crossed. The dark vine tattoo running down her thick forearm merged into the base of a bouquet of roses on the other arm - the rare splash of colour on her whole body - making it look like a seamless art piece. Her eyes met mine and she smiled.
Without comment she climbed on top of me, straddling my hips and moving Moxie's hand out of the way. Her small perky tits pressed into my chest, and she put her arms around my neck, keeping our bodies close.
"One thing first, Stud." Lizzie kissed me, the most aggressively I've ever felt. I kissed her back and immediately she stuck her tongue in my mouth, taking control. She grabbed the back of my neck, pulling me to her as if we could get any closer than we already were. Our tongues moved back and forth, in and out of each other's mouths as we fought, me making her earn the control she had already claimed ownership of. I grabbed her ass, feeling the hard body I've been watching for so long finally in my hands.
I felt fingers on my dick and heard Moxie spit, making the tip of my cock all wet. Hell yeah, a blowjob and making out with Lizzie I thought, moments before my dick felt wrapped in something insanely warm and wet, and I realized Moxie stuck my dick inside of Lizzie. She moaned into my mouth. Holy fuck, this is actually happening.
Lizzie started riding me, starting slow before finding her rhythm and quickly getting harder. She kept her arms around my neck, moaning near my ear as she bounced on my dick. I held her hips and guided her with my hands the whole time, even though she was in charge.
There was a wet noise next to me and Moxie was rubbing her pussy as she watched us fuck. She sat on the arm of the couch with her legs open, facing us as she rubbed herself off with one hand and played with her massive tit with the other hand. I wanted to reach out and touch her too but decided it's better to fuck the girl I've been thinking about for so long. Anything on top of that was a bonus and watching the show going on next to me was the cherry on top. Suddenly Lizzie's hand grabbed my mouth and turned my face to her.
"You look into my eyes when we're fucking." She ordered.
"Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes Bitch." I said.
"That's a good Stud." She said, and started grinding on my dick. I stared into her bright blue eyes as she leaned back and cupped my balls, rubbing them gently in time to her grinding her clit to the base of my cock.
"Holy shit that's such a hot pose!" Moxie said. "Keep that up and I'm going to cum!"
Lizzie rocked her hips more aggressively, accentuating her movement and emphasizing what Moxie was getting off to. Moxie got louder, breathing harder and rubbing herself more aggressively, while Lizzie narrowed her eyes slightly, almost daring me to look away from her. We never broke eye contact, even as Moxie started screaming.
"Holy fuck I'm cumming!" She made a few more gasps before stopping entirely. Finally, Lizzie let go of my nuts and looked at her yoga teacher, and I decided I was allowed to do the same. Moxie was laying with her head back with one hand on her pussy. She opened her eyes and smiled at us looking at her.
"You two are so hot together. I love the way you started fucking. Like you've both been dreaming of this for a while and finally are getting all your tensions out."
"I have." Lizzie and I said at the same time.
"You've been thinking about this before? Like before today?" I demanded.
"It's a good thing you're cute, because you're not very smart. Why did you think I got you to take off your clothes? Why did you think I made the first move and grabbed your dick? Why did you think I kissed you? I don't kiss on a hook up. That shit was spur of the moment because I've rubbed off thinking about it."
What the actual fuck?
"How was I supposed to know any of that! I just thought we were teasing each other so much it turned you on! I thought I made you want to do all that." I said
Both women started laughing and I felt ridiculous. Just when I thought I had one of my biggest accomplishments in life, I learned this was her master plan all along. Who knew you could feel so dumb with your cock inside the girl of your dreams.
"Listen Stud, how you got here isn't important. I'm not after you for your brains. What I want is your massive fucking cock and I already have that." Lizzie said and started grinding again. It was hard to focus with that kind of a distraction, but there was one more question to ask.
"So is my cock everything you've been dreaming about?"
"No." Lizzie said and started bouncing on my cock again. Lizzie stuck her tongue in my mouth and left no more room for argument. She never stopped riding me, bouncing on my cock over and over again until I felt the sweat roll down my neck. Lizzie moved her mouth lower, licking the sweat off me without breaking her pace. I returned the favour when she stopped by sucking on her nipple without the stud. Moxie got up and watched us fuck from behind, staring at us as I thrust my dick up and Lizzie's ass jiggled. Slowly, she got on her knees and started cupping my balls like how Lizzie did it just a few minutes ago.
"Fuck yeah, that feels good." I said out loud.
"Who?"
"Both of you." I said. Lizzie stared down at me again and I matched her eyes, never breaking eye contact even when Moxie's tongue felt lick electricity as she licked across my balls. It made me want to go harder and I started fucking Lizzie instead of relying on her to fuck me. She was still moving her hips and bouncing on my cock, but now I was the one thrusting the most.
I lasted longer than my first time, mostly because I already came, but I could feel myself get close to finishing way too fast. I considered changing positions or trying to make myself last longer, but I couldn't think of a way that would feel better than what was already happening. It was already too good to be true, and sometimes you just have to love the moment you're in rather than get greedy. I kept looking up at Lizzie's eyes as I felt the last few moments of what I could handle.
"I'm gonna come!" I said.
"Come for me, Stud. Come for me." Lizzie said.
"Yes Bitch!" I yelled and felt myself starting. Lizzie hopped off me and knelt next to Moxie, taking the head of my dick in her mouth and licking it as my cum shot into her mouth. She followed her own rule and never broke eye contact as she swallowed every bit of my cum, gently licking the bottom of the head to make the feeling even stronger. Moxie never stopped with my balls, sucking one of them entirely in her mouth as Lizzie finished me off. Lizzie made a show of swallowing everything in her mouth, then crawled up and sat next to me on the couch.
"She might not swallow you, but that's my favourite part." She whispered in my ear and followed it by kissing my cheek. Moxie left and went into her kitchen. She came back with some water for each of us.
"Ok lovebirds, that was pretty good, but I think that's all our Stud can handle for today. Are you two hanging around for a bit?" Lizzie said she needed to go and I decided I should do the same. The two of us went back downstairs to get our things and sadly got dressed to go. We pulled on our clothes as we talked
"That was a really good Fuck." I said.
"It was good. Maybe next time you can try and keep up with my dreams."
"I didn't do that already? I thought you meant my cock isn't what you've dreamed about because it's better."
"In my dreams you're a couple inches shorter so we're the same height and it's a constant battle back and forth until I finally pick you up and slam you into the bed. Then I handcuff you and ride your huge cock so hard I black out and you lick the sweat off my tits. Then when we're done I snap my fingers and you get me cookies to snack on because I still can't walk straight. And you're adventurous and I can do things I've wanted to try without you acting like a bitch." Lizzie thought for a second. " And you have a beard."
"Well shit, my bad. Sorry to disappoint."
"Just something for you to try and do next time, Stud." Lizzie winked then ran up the stairs with me close behind her. We got to the top of the stairs and I crashed into her back from where Lizzie stopped dead. In front of her was a familiar looking man I hadn't met, smiling casually at us like he knew we were there. It took me a few moments of silence to place where I'd seen him before. On the pictures on the wall, holding Moxie's hand with their matching wedding rings.
Moxie's husband introduced himself to us happily and we shook hands. Based on the look on Lizzie's face, she had figured out who this was too. Before we could try to separate ourselves from the situation, a very naked Moxie came around the corner and gave him a hug. They smiled casually at us like everything was completely normal.
"These two have been students of mine for a few years." Moxie explained loudly. "And play things of mine for about an hour." She whispered in her husband's ear, loud enough that we could all hear. I flinched and her husband started laughing happily.
"This looks like a good pair! Nice job babe." He fully checked out Lizzie before looking me over. "Did you fuck my wife?" He asked eagerly.
"Ummm... no. I only fucked her." I said, pointing sheepishly to Lizzie. He looked surprised to hear that.
"So you're just all hot and didn't get any dick in you?" He asked Moxie. She made a little pouty face and shook her head at him. "Well fuck, I can't have that. Next time be nice to her and give her some dick." He instructed me.
"Um yeah...Ok." Was all I managed to say back.
"Ok you two need to get out because I'm about to try that position Lizzie did on him." Moxie said. We both started walking to the front door until there was a hard spank on Lizzie and I, and we both turned to Moxie at the same time.
"I can't wait for our next 'yoga' session." She said and winked at us both.