I'm an amateur writer and I'm writing about this time in my life to unpack these experiences from a few years ago. This is the second part and please feel free to leave me comments. I'd love to hear what you think.
I pressed the silver button on the gas pump and said, "Um, excuse me but it doesn't look like the credit card payment is working on this pump?"
A man's voice answered back, "Yeah they went down a little while ago. You'll have to come in to pay."
Crap. I had definitely not counted on this when I was planning to come out to the lake. I decided to make a return trip to Hippy Hollow (which is a clothing optional park on the lake) after my positive experience there the week before. This time I wanted to make the trip on my own. I discovered that experience had not only given me confidence, but that it introduced me to something I hadn't known about myself, that I actually enjoyed being seen while I was nude. As a dancer I knew I enjoyed performing, but this felt different.
Gabi and I lived in a small duplex and it was a little over 30 minutes to drive out to the lake. I had finished classes for the day and had been considering it since the weather was beautiful. I figured I'd go for it. I gathered up my towel, some water, a book I'd been reading, and then went to pick out which bikini I'd wear. "Hmmm... why even wear a bikini?" I thought to myself. "I'm just going to remove it once I'm there?"
I took off my school clothes and grabbed the 2 cover ups I had. One was a gold knit that was totally transparent and only minimally better than nothing. The other was an off white linen, which was still a bit sheer, but I wasn't planning to see anyone between my driveway and the park's parking lot. I slid it over my head and looked in my full length mirror. You could pretty clearly see the shape of my breasts and make out my nipples for the most part. Since my pubic hair is blond, you couldn't quite make it out, but if there were light coming from behind me, I'm pretty sure there would be nothing left to the imagination. As I looked at myself and started to imagine wearing only this outside, I felt my heartbeat start thumping in my chest. This was a similar feeling as I had when I had removed my bikini at Hippy Hollow.
"Okay, don't overthink this Caroline." I thought.
I just grabbed my bag and headed out the door to my car. I hopped in, put on my sunglasses, turned the key and backed out of my driveway without seeing any of my neighbors. July in Texas can be pretty warm but I still wanted to drive with my windows down just to feel the wind and fresh air. I had been driving for about 5 minutes when my gas light chimed. "Crap." I thought. "This doesn't have to be a big deal. I'll just drive out closer to the lake where there won't be as many people at the gas station. I can just fill up, pay at the pump and be on my way without anyone really seeing me. And what if someone does? Gabi never wears a bra. I mean it's not that big a deal." As I thought about it on the drive I felt myself getting turned on by the idea of being nude at the lake again.
I wasn't sure how much more gas I had, but I definitely didn't want to risk running out. I was about 5 minutes from the lake when I spotted the gas station. It had been built pretty recently, probably within the past 8 months, and had 12 pumps and a convenience store inside. There was only one other person filling up their car so I pulled in to the pumps furthest from them and hopped out. I opened the gas tank and had just placed the nozzle to start filling up when I heard a car pull up with its music blaring. They pulled in on the exact opposite side of the pump I was using. I looked over my shoulder and saw an enormous pick up truck with a massive tool chest. Three rowdy construction workers piled out and two made their way inside while the other started filling the truck with gas. I was facing my car with my back turned towards the guy operating the pump.
"I wonder how much, or even if, he can see through this dress?" was the first thing that ran through my mind. "Maybe he's not even looking at me, but I'm going to have to turn around at least for a moment to pay for the gas." I kept my eyes looking over my car at the people going in and out of the store until I heard the "Click" of the pump handle letting me know the tank was full. I turned around and saw construction worker #1 was washing the front window of the truck, so maybe he hadn't paid me any attention at all. I turned around and looked at the pump monitor and it said "not currently accepting credit." I felt myself start to panic.
"I'm going to have to walk in there like this." I thought.
Then I remembered my experience out at the lake with Gabi and Ravi and how Ravi had said to close my eyes, take a deep breath and confront my feelings. I took a moment, and realized, "What's it matter Caroline? You felt powerful when you undressed fully in the park. You aren't even fully nude and you've seen other women out in public wearing similar things or less. I'm just doing this and they can enjoy the view and think what they want." I walked with my wallet in hand and felt a sense of power like I do when I walk on stage during a dance performance.
I opened the glass door and stepped inside. There were three people in line and the two construction workers I had seen go into the store earlier near the refrigerator were picking out post work beer. I walked over and stood in line. My first thought was to cover my breasts by crossing my arms, but then thought, "The will just make appear to be ashamed of my body and I'm not. " so I raised my chin and felt my height and began to feel more confident. I could hear the loud voices of the construction workers as they got in line behind me. I could hear them talking in low whispers to each other but could only imagine the conversation. As I waited I felt my nipples stiffening and becoming even more visible beneath the thin fabric of my cover up. Time slowed down while I was waiting and I turned as I heard construction worker #1 open the door and enter. "Of course he would need to come in," I thought. "We all need to pay for our gas inside." He glanced at me, looked away and did a double take to look at me again. His eyes scanned my body as he walked behind me to join his buddies. I didn't look back, but I felt like I could sense them looking me over. I finally got to the front of the line and looked at the young hispanic man working the register. He looked in my eyes then down at my breasts, obviously admiring my prominent nipples, and then fixated there for a moment before pulling his eyes back up to meet mine. "Uh, what pump were you at?" He asked.
"Pump two." I replied. He turned towards the register and said, "That's $32.70." His eyes turned back and immediately his gaze went right back to my chest. I handed him my card as he swiped it and waited for the receipt to print.
"You heading out to the lake?" The cashier inquired as his eyes drifted between looking into my green eyes and then looking down to catch quick glances of my tits.
"Yeah, It's a nice day for it." I said.
"I wish I were going out there." He replied and then slid the receipt over for me to sign.
I was actually beginning to enjoy the attention he was giving me, so I leaned over the counter to sign the receipt which had the dual effect of the back of my cover up riding up to almost expose my rear, while causing the neckline of the cover up to fall open enough that the cashier could possibly look down and see both of my breasts revealed. I took a full 3 or 4 seconds to sign my name and glanced up at the clerk who was intently gazing down my dress. "Thanks a lot!" I said as I turned to go and walked out the door. I opened the door to my car and slid into the driver's seat. I closed the door and took a deep breath. I reached my hands up to touch both breasts which were feeling very sensitive and I lightly drew my palms across my nipples noticing how they had reacted to the entire scenario. As I started to pull out of the parking lot I saw the three workers all leaving the store and all looking directly at me as I drove away.
"Oh my gosh!" I thought while pulling up to a stop sign. "I cannot believe I just did that!" My heart was racing and I felt a rush of adrenaline run through my body. I could feel moisture between my legs and I laid my head back on the headrest of my seat for a second to exhale. I must have lost myself in thought and was startled to hear a car horn beep behind me. I looked back, gave an apologetic wave and continued the drive out to the lake.
As I pulled into the lot, I stopped at the admission booth. I noticed it was the same guy as the last time when I'd been here with Gabi. "Good afternoon. It's gonna be eight dollars and we close at 8pm. Just be sure to display the tag in your window" He said.
I gave him a ten and waited while he handed me two dollars back. I pulled into the parking lot and noticed a few more cars than last Thursday. There were probably closer to 40 cars and I figured the way I was dressed it might be better to try to find a parking place close to where the trail entrance. There wasn't anything in the first set of spaces but there was one spot in the second row, so I pulled in, turned off my car, and grabbed my beach bag. I walked down the trail that led to the water and as I got to the limestone slope I noticed it was much busier than last time. There had to have been close to 100 people here. A few people walked past me as I stood there deciding which direction to go, not really paying me much attention.
I took a left and walked a little ways down the main trail, then took a right and started walking towards the lake. I set my bag down about halfway between the trail and the water. I glanced around and saw a diverse crowd of people in every direction. The closest group to me were 5 gay men, completely nude sitting around together and two of them waved at me as I laid out my towel. Standing there, I pulled my cover up over my head and let it fall onto my towel. Once again I felt a rush of freedom and excitement as I stretched out my arms above my head and took in the moment. I heard one of the men that had waved at me shout, "Honey, what is even happening with that body? Gurl, you are giving me life!" I laughed and took a bow and all 5 of them clapped.
"I'm really starting to love this!" I thought to myself. "It's like out here, it's not really that big a deal." I pulled out a pair of sunglasses out of my bag and laid down on my towel while propping myself up with my elbows. I looked towards the water and saw around 12 people swimming. Some had swimsuits on, others didn't. The Texas sun felt hot and after soaking in the sun, I took off my sunglasses, stood up and walked towards the water.
As I entered the water I walked towards a couple, both in swimsuits, probably in their 30's, (a guy and his girlfriend maybe?) and they were having an animated conversation about something or another. As got deeper, about where the water reached my belly button, I dove under the water, swam a few feet and came up closer to the couple. I leaned back and filled my chest with air and floated on my back. I closed my eyes and just drifted for a few minutes. As I deeply breathed in and out, I could feel my hips and chest rise and submerge. The water was brisk and between the temperature and the light breeze my nipples were getting hard, as they rose in and out of the water like tiny periscopes. My body relaxed as I floated there, turning over in my mind the experience of the convenience store. "What was I feeling about that? Nervous? Yep. Excited? Definitely. Was it wrong to walk in there like that? It's not like I had a choice given the circumstances."
Even being here, floating naked in front of a crowd, I was experiencing the same mix of emotions, both really natural but also erotic. This was totally new territory for me, but while I floated there I resolved to just take it one step at a time.
I exhaled and slowly sank into the lake, touched the bottom, and came back up. I swam a little way to the shore and then when it got too shallow, I stood up and walked off to my right. "No need to go straight back to my towel," I figured. "I haven't seen much of the park so I'll just take a stroll and explore a bit." As I walked I saw a few men look my way and I wondered what they were thinking. Some watched me the entire time while others just glanced and went back to what they were doing. As I walked along the shore for a few minutes I came to a turn and decided to go back so as to not lose sight of my belongings.
I got back to my towel, sat down and put on my sunglasses. I laid back and as I lay there took inventory of my body position and rearranged myself to stretch out my legs. As a dancer I'm always considering what my body is projecting, especially when I'm performing. Now lying here under the sun fully nude, I thought about what my body was saying. "Is this what freedom looks like?" I wondered. I stretched out my arms above my head, with my back making a slight arch, and brought my knees up just a little. My legs had been together but now I slowly moved them apart. I felt my heart start thumping again as I opened my legs further. It was only 8 or 9 inches between my knees but the further apart I brought them, the more my heart pounded. I looked between my legs, down past my blond mound, towards the water and brought them further part. I put my hands under my head and felt the sexual energy running through me as I saw a few people walk past, looking in my direction.
"Caroline?" I heard someone say.
Startled, I immediately brought my legs together.
"Hi, It's me. Ron. We met out there last week?" He said.
I met Ron here last Thursday, the first time I had been out here, and had chatted a bit. He had mentioned he was an amateur photographer and had offered to photograph me sometime.
"Oh, yes, wow! Hi! How are you Ron?"
"I'm great! I saw you walk by and thought I'd come over and say hi!" He replied.
Ron was somewhere in his late 40's, or early 50's, about 6 foot and was probably 50 pounds overweight. He had dark hair that had gone mostly gray. A very hairy chest and an all over tan from obviously tanning out here often. His smile was friendly and warm. He was standing in front of me fully naked. Last time we had chatted in the water so this time it was a little disconcerting to see his penis this close up.
"Is this park your new favorite spot?" said Ron
"Ha! Well, let's just say it's moving higher up my list!" I laughed
"And how's your day going?" he continued.
"Oh, really great. I'm done with classes for the week, so aside from doing some babysitting this evening and some dance practice Sunday, I have a free weekend. I thought I'd come out here and get an early start."
"You picked the right way to start your weekend. It's definitely more crowded out here than last Thursday!"
Again Ron's eyes had no problem gliding over my body. It wasn't like other guys that would try to not let you see them looking, or quickly look away. There was something confident, but not obnoxious about the way he seemed to just take me in.
"Did you get a chance to check out my photography website?" Ron inquired.
I had looked at it. His work was pretty good. Not professional but definitely a pretty talented amateur. He photographed mostly women, and there were plenty of nudes. I could tell that many of the women he shot didn't have much of an idea how to position their bodies, or what shapes were interesting, but the photographs were still really good.
"Yes, I looked through your entire site." I replied.
"And...?"
"Well I really liked your work and found the black and white images you shot really beautiful. I liked that you used a mix of body types and races and also that everyone seemed "real" and not over glamorized."
Ron had another section of his website that was named "X & O." There were images of 4 or 5 models that were close ups of their faces. Each of the women were covered in various disheveled states, some with their hair partially over their faces, and obviously in states of ecstasy.
"The images you have in your "X & O" section were really something else." I said.
"Is that a good thing or a bad thing?"
"Good, I think? The images were all about women experiencing orgasms? Were the women in those images just acting or actually experiencing it?" I asked.
"Oh you got to see those. Yep, those were the real deal." Ron replied.
"How on earth did you manage to capture that? I mean aren't you holding the camera? Are they doing it themselves while you are shooting the photos?"
"Most of them were able to get there themselves, and two of them asked for a little help." Ron said very matter of factly.
"There was also an image that really appealed to me of a woman being held from behind. Her breasts were covered by one arm and the other arm led down to her pubic area although the image was cropped so It only gave the impression of what was happening. His arms were completely covered in tattoos, but his face was hidden so I'm guessing you photographed her and her boyfriend?"
"Oh yeah. That was Alyssa and no, it was actually my friend Alphonso who assists me every so often. He has tons of tattoos and he just had the arms we wanted to use. And of course he didn't mind getting roped in to help for those!"
"Those images were really unexpected and you really seemed to be trying something different with them. All in all I thought your work was really beautiful and interesting." I said.
"Interesting enough that you'd be down for letting me photograph you?" Ron replied.
I had thought about modeling for Ron when he asked and had chickened out about contacting him, but now that we were talking about it, my mind was starting to change.
"Are you sure you'd want to photograph me? And what kinds of photos are you thinking of?"
"Number one, I'm positive I'd want to shoot you. As for what kind of images, well you seem very comfortable nude, so I'd love to shoot a series of nudes together. I usually start off with the subject clothed and when it comes to undressing it moves at the pace you are comfortable with. Would you be interested in shooting along the lines of the "X & O" series?" Ron inquired.
I was a little shocked Ron went straight for asking me to shoot the most intimate type of shots. I immediately imagined myself masterbating in front of him and what that must be like. He was definitely not my type for many reasons, and I didn't even find him that attractive, but there was something about the way he looked at me, at my entire body, that excited me. He was still standing directly in front of me, maybe 3 feet away and I noticed Ron's penis had started to rise as we spoke about our collaboration.
"I'm not sure how comfortable I'd be with that," I told Ron, "But if you are willing to try shooting together without me having much experience, I think I'd be down to at least try shooting some nude images. I think with my dance experience I could help create something pretty cool."
"Wow, really Caroline?" Ron exclaimed. "I mean you'd be the most beautiful girl I've ever photographed. I'm so thrilled you'd be willing to take a chance on working with me! I know we'll create some really fantastic stuff together."
"I'm the one that's flattered!" I replied. "What do I need to bring and how soon should we do this?"
"Tomorrow is Saturday and I'm free tomorrow afternoon around 3:00 pm if you are. As for what to bring, Why don't you bring a few of your dance leotards, and sheer clothing you might have, and do you have any dresses that button down the front?"
"Sure," I said. "I can pull all of those together. I actually have a sheer black leotard I usually wear with another shirt and skirt that might work."
"Oh, and if you don't mind, can you not wear any underwear? It usually creates lines on the model's skin, so if it's not too much to ask..."
"I think I can handle that, Ron." I said, thinking how I hadn't been wearing underwear for the past 2 hours.. "Anything else I should know or need to prepare?"
"Not that I can think of, but give me your email and I'll send you the details and my address." I grabbed a piece of paper out of my bag and scribbled down my email address and handed it to Ron. He pretended to search for his pockets to deposit the piece of paper and then shrugged his shoulders in an "Oh well" stance. At this point Ron was fully erect and yet he showed no sign of being embarrassed by it. I stood up to shake Ron's hand and felt oddly surreal that he was obviously turned on by our conversation and yet we carried on like it was the most natural thing in the world.
He took my hand in his and gave it a warm grasp. "I can't tell you how much I'm looking forward to getting to photograph you Caroline." Ron said.
"Me too!" I replied. "I'll see you tomorrow and I'll look for your email this evening." Ron smiled and turned around and walked away.
I sat there for a moment and thought, "Well, that is not how I thought today would go at all." I had planned to not contact Ron after our first meeting. Nude photography had seemed too big to my last week and now it seemed like fate had other plans.
_____
The next morning I had an email from Ron waiting for me and as I read through the details I felt more confident about working with him. He was very thorough in giving information and plenty of reminders about what we had discussed. He also wanted me to bring my skills as a dancer and invited me to be creative. I picked out the sheer black leotard which had a thong back, and black skirt to go with it and a green leotard which matched my eyes and really made them look even greener. I folded them neatly and put them in a bag with my pointe shoes. I slipped on a pink sundress that buttoned in the front, had thin straps and fell about 5 inches above my knees. I looked in the mirror and instead of lipstick went with a simple nude lip gloss.
I arrived at Ron's house just before 3. I grabbed my bag and walked up to his door and pushed the doorbell. A woman in her mid-40's answered the door and said "Oh hi! You must be Caroline! Come in! I'm Shannon, Ron's wife."
I was a little taken aback at first since I had not thought of Ron as married, but then again why wouldn't he be? Shannon was petite. Dark hair with a little gray starting to show and I appreciated that she didn't feel the need to dye it. Her eyes were a light brown and had a kind and inquisitive look about them. She wore a white tank top and faded jeans and she ushered me into their living room. The living room was spacious with large open windows that looked out onto their neighborhood.
"Can I get you a glass of wine or a beer?" She inquired. "Ron's just getting his camera gear set up."
"I'd love a glass of wine!" I replied.
Shannon ducked into their kitchen and I heard her open the back door and shout out to Ron that I was here. She came back with 2 generous glasses of wine and we sat together as I waited for Ron. They had both been divorced and had only been married to each other for 5 years. They had 2 sons from Ron's previous marriage; Kyle who was going into his senior year of high school and Jack who was a junior at Texas Tech.
"They both float in and out of the house during the summer but I'm sure they won't be home till later this evening, so don't worry about them disturbing your shoot." Shannon remarked.
"Hey Caroline!" Ron said as he walked over to me. He held out his hand, and moved in closer to kiss me on the cheek. "I'm so glad you made it. I'm all ready for you. Do you want to show me what you brought as a wardrobe?"
"Sure! I replied and I quickly drained my wine glass so we could get started. I pulled out both leotards and the skirt that went with the black one. "And there's also this sundress I have on." I said and did a quick turn to show it off.
Ron said, "Do you want to start with the black leotard? I love the sheer fabric."
"Sure, that sounds great." I said. I looked around and continued "...is there a place to get changed?"
"If you don't mind, would it be okay if you just changed right here?" Ron replied. "We'll eventually get to shooting you without clothes anyway so why don't we just start with the sheer leotard to break the ice?"
I could feel the wine starting to kick in and figured that Ron had seen me naked already and so I reached down to untie my sneakers. Then reached down to the hem of my dress and pulled it over my head leaving myself completely naked as both he and Shannon watched. I felt a little exposed as they had all of their drapes wide open and so anyone that walked by could have seen me, but at the same time it also gave me a bit of a thrill to be doing this. I leaned over and took the black leotard from my bag. I stepped into it, pulled the thin straps over my shoulders and looked down and adjusted my breasts.
"Ta da!" I announced as I held out my arms and turned around. "How's this look? Should I wear the shirt that goes with it?"
Shannon answered first, "Absolutely not! My God Caroline! Ron said you were pretty but you have the most perfect tits I've ever seen! And your ass is so toned!"
I giggled and said, "Thank you Shannon. Good DNA and years of dance!"
"This looks amazing Caroline. Let's go outside where I've got everything set up." Ron said as he led me towards their back door.
We stepped outside into their driveway which led to their car port. They had parked on the street which left this space totally open. It had horizontal wood slats on both sides with 1 inch spaces in between so light came through and Ron had a dark backdrop on stands on the back wall. There were hedges about 4 feet that walled both sides of his house but ended at the car port, so that through the spaces I could clearly see his neighbors back yard. Shannon followed us outside but sat about 20 feet away on a small wooden bench.
"This is really my first time doing anything like this. You'll have to give me some guidance and let me know if you want to see something different than what I'm doing. " I said to Ron.
"I'd love to get as much emotion as possible Caroline, so I'll try to guide you and you let me know if I overstep your boundaries." Ron replied
I gazed down at myself and saw that the leotard really left nothing to the imagination. Without underwear, my nipples and public hair were completely visible and I felt my heart start thumping in a way that had started to feel all too familiar.
Ron started to guide me in some basic positions which I then used as jumping off points to take them a bit further. I moved slowly and stretched out my limbs, or crossed them in ways that I knew made interesting shapes. Every so often I would see a car drive by but figured they were probably going too fast to tell what was happening. The wine was really hitting me at this point and I was feeling a pleasant buzz.
After about 30 minutes Ron said, "I feel like we totally have this look. Why don't you change into your sundress now?"
"Sounds great!" I replied. As I walked towards their back door Shannon followed me in and asked if I wanted a refill? I Agreed and she poured us both another glass as I went into the living room to change. As I peeled off my leotard I noticed how sensitive my breasts were feeling and that I was starting to feel a warm wetness between my legs. The experience of being watched by both of them outside, being somewhat visible to their neighbors or people that drove by, was thrilling and very sensual. I put the leotard back in my bag and slid my sundress back over my head. I walked into the kitchen and Shannon handed me the wineglass.
"Here's to you!" Shannon said, raising her glass and toasting me. "You look incredible and I know you'll be thrilled with how these turn out."
"You really think so?" I said taking a large gulp of wine.
"Positive!
I quickly downed my second glass and we both walked back outside. Shannon sat on her bench and Ron came over and with both hands swept the hair back off my shoulders. His face came just a few inches from mine as he scanned my face.
"I'd love to do something that feels less posed and more emotional Caroline." Ron said "Come and lean on this side of the wall." He motioned.
I leaned my back against the wall and through the wood slats I had a straight view into the backyard of the home next door..
"So as you are learning here, slowly let your body slide down and as you do, let your dress ride up to your hips." Ron said as he positioned my shoulders with his hands and then moved his hands to the bottom of my dress and slowly moved my dress up until it had risen above my hips. The feel of his hands moving up my body and exposing my lower half completely amped up the excitement I was already feeling.
"I see what you mean." I replied.
Ron picked up his camera and started shooting as I moved. My skirt bunch as slowly I lowered myself so that my bush was in plain view. He started shooting from the side and then moved towards the direction I was facing, catching both angles. He had me do it again and this time I put both hands on my thighs and slowly brought the skirt up all the way to my sides.
"Wow, Caroline! This is exactly the vibe I was hoping for. Keep doing what you are doing." Ron shouted
I went through the same motions a few more times, closing eyes, raising my chin, moving my hands closer to the middle of my legs. Picking up the dress higher each time until finally the bottoms of my breasts were visible. I arched my back and lifted my dress once more as Ron moved a bit closer clicking away.
"Caroline, you are killing it!" Shannon exclaimed
"This is perfect." Ron said. "Do you mind if we try something different now Caroline?" Ron said as he walked over to me.
Even though the wine was making me feel a little drunk, I was also feeling confident and powerful, and owning my sexuality in a way I never had before. I knew I must be turning Ron on, but I felt like I could stop or continue if I wanted.
Ron stopped in front of me and looked at the top of my dress. He moved in close to me and unbuttoned the top three buttons of my dress. He then slid down the left strap slowly down my arm so that my left breast was now completely exposed.
"Wow, Caroline." Ron said, "The shape of your breasts really are perfect." He walked about 10 feets away and asked me to turn a little to the left.
I brought my shoulders up a bit to emphasize my collar bone and the curve of my breasts' teardrop shape. I could tell that it created a long slow curve from shoulder to nipple. Ron shot about 20 shots as I slowly shifted my position slightly after each click.
"Now bring your hand up to your left breast." Ron asked as he brought his own hand up to his chest to demonstrate what he meant.
I brought my hand up, and covered my exposed breast and also put a little pressure from underneath to make it look even fuller and emphasize my cleavage.
"Hm, not quite..." Ron said. He walked back to me and then placed his hand over mine. His hands were larger than mine and he slowly moved both of our hands down about three inches until my nipple rested in the space between his thumb and index finger. I was a bit shocked from his touch and I felt him slowly give a light but firm squeeze. An electric current went from my nipple straight to the space between my legs. I left out a small gasp as his grip released, but didn't move his hand. His thumb started stroking my nipple lightly. I felt I should ask him to stop but my mouth couldn't form the words and it felt so amazing to be touched and seen like this.
"Is this okay Caroline?" Ron asked. "If it's too much, you just say so."
It seemed like his hand must have been there for a full minute, but I think my mind had slowed things down. I looked towards Shannon who was watching us intently and she smiled and nodded at me as if to say she was fine with what was happening.
"Um, no. It's fine. I just feel..."
"Yeah?" Ron asked as he removed his hand.
Without his hand touching me I felt like I could think again, and at the same time I realized that I wanted to be touched. I felt an ache grow in my pussy and its lips continued to swell..
"I'm just feeling really, I guess... I'm just getting really turned on." I whispered.
"That's totally fine. It happens when I shoot more intimate images. You just let me know if it's too much." Ron kindly replied
Ron picked up his camera and started shooting me again from different angles. I could hear cars passing a few yards away and as I looked into the camera I lifted my hand to the same breast Ron had been touching moments before and brought my nippled between the fingers of my left hand, and slowly squeezed. Again I felt an electric jolt. Suddenly I felt an alarm bell go off in my mind. I was losing control. I suddenly had a strong desire to take off everything and step out into their front yard. I just didn't care about what was the right thing to do. I wanted Ron to touch me. To move his hands over my entire my body out in the open.
I started unbuttoning the front of my dress. Each button created a deeper "V" on the dress's front, until it was completely open down the front. Ron captured each moment with his camera and I brought my hands up to both of my tits and ran the palms of my hands over my nipples.
Ron brought his camera away from his eyes, scanned my body looking at my fully exposed, and moved in close to me. He placed his camera down and stood right in front of me. I glanced down and saw the growing bulge in his pants. He didn't say anything as he raised his large hands to my shoulders. He placed them there and I felt the weight of them as he then slid the straps of my dress off of my arms until it fell and pooled at my feet. Now completely naked in his driveway, he slowly moved his hands from my shoulders to the top of my chest, and he stared into my eyes as his hands slowly found their way to my breasts. He let them rest there as both hands cupped my tits and he began to massage them. I fully surrendered to what he was doing and Ron grasped them a little tighter and began to pinch both nipples. I felt like a candle starting to melt from the heat with the hot wax pooling between my legs.
Ron moved one hand gently to my face and rested his large thumb on my lips, as his other hand moved down to my stomach. As his hand drifted further past my belly button, his fingers spread out as he then found the blond hair between my legs. He hesitated there, slowly moving his hands through my pubic hair. I let out a slight moan, wanting him to touch me lower. I spread my legs apart and lightly pushed myself onto his hand, my body begging him to go further. I leaned my head back, licked his thumb and then took it into my mouth. I began sucking it hoping he'd understand that I wanted him inside me. I took it deeper into my mouth as his other hand finally moved between my legs, his middle finger lightly running the length of my slit. As he stroked me a second time, I moved my hips lower and the lips of my pussy easily parted as he moved his finger along me again.
"Oh my god..." I said as Ron's finger stroked me a third time moving slightly deeper. I bit down on his thumb as he continued to caress my slit. He then moved his entire hand between my legs and cupped my crotch as he moved one of his thick fingers inside me. I opened my mouth and I gasped as he penetrated me.
"Ooooo Ron, oh, please. Please keep going." I moaned.
"Caroline," Ron said, his face only inches from mine. "Would you let me photograph you having an orgasm?"
It was like I was in a fog as I nodded yes to his question. He backed away and picked up his camera, then took my hand and said, "Let's go inside so my neighbors don't keep watching us." It took a second for it to register as I followed Ron nude towards his back door.
"Your neighbors were watching us?!?" I asked dumbfounded.
"I'm pretty sure." Shannon quipped as she followed us indoors. "I think I saw Richard looking from their kitchen window."
I looked towards the house next door and scanned the windows but didn't see anyone. I suddenly became very aware of how naked I was and yet the thought didn't bother me. "Do you think he's still looking?" I asked as I stopped before entering their back door.
"Maybe? Hard to tell." Ron replied.
"Well then I want to give him something worth watching." I said. As we stood by the front door I took Ron's hands in mine and placed them on my breasts. As I moved my body closer to him, I guided his hands across my sides, down my hips and around to my ass. I could tell Ron was shocked as I stood on my tip toes, moving our faces closer until our lips met and then I was kissing him deeply. I wrapped my arms around his neck and opened my mouth as his tongue met mine. Ron increased the pressure on my ass as he pulled me tighter. My tits pressed against his chest and I could feel the hardness of his member against my thigh. I moved one leg around his so that his bulge aligned with my pussy and I felt the heat and pressure of it between my legs.
After kissing him for all too brief a moment, pulled away and said, "I think that's something he'll remember."
"Wow, I know Ron will too." Shannon joked
As we stepped inside, he led me through their kitchen, then the living room and down a short hallway and into their bedroom while Shannon followed behind me. The room was warm with the afternoon sunlight flooding in giving the room a warm yellow glow. They had a large king-sized bed that Ron guided me towards and I sat at the foot of the bed as Ron lifted his camera and started taking more photos of me. Shannon moved to a small chair to my right and watched as Ron guided me first to lean towards him, turning my face to the light coming from the windows, and then after a few minutes he asked me to lean back on the large bed. He set his camera down as I propped my elbows on the soft duvet with my legs hanging over the edge. Ron got down on his knees and placed both of his thick hands on my thighs.
"Are you ready to keep going?" Ron asked.
My mouth was watering and I felt like I couldn't really speak. I just bit my lip and nodded my head giving him consent to continue what we had begun outside. His hands slowly moved inward gently moving my legs apart as his thumb found the lips of my pussy. I was still very wet and as he started stroking upwards I closed my eyes and softly moaned. Being indoors, I felt much more comfortable in letting myself get lost in what was happening to me. Ron was starting a rhythm of gliding his thumb along me and then pausing and adding pressure when he reached my clit. My pussy was getting even wetter as I started to move my hips to match him. His thumb was starting to slip between the lips and inside of me, and as he again touched my clit I pushed down to add even more pressure. My breath was getting labored and I heard myself moaning for him to keep touching me.
"Honey, would you photograph this?" Ron asked Shannon as she got up and took the camera from her husband. Shannon stood up and I looked into the camera as she started photographing me, capturing the expressions of pleasure I was experiencing.
"Carloine, Would you move up just a little?" Ron asked me.
I moved further onto their bed and Ron moved up so that his chest was now resting at the bottom of the bed. Still propped up on my elbows, I watched him as he shifted his position so that now his arms came under and around my thighs and his hands grasped my bent knees. He then moved my legs up and spread them even wider. I watched as his face moved between my legs and I felt his warm breath on my pussy. Then I felt his warm tongue begin to explore me. I had had a boyfriend try oral sex on me a few years ago but it was nothing like this. Ron knew what he was doing and he found the same rhythm as before. I leaned my head back and closed my eyes as I was becoming more and more lost in what his tongue was doing to me. Somewhere in the distance I still heard the camera clicking but it felt so far away that it didn't matter.
His mouth was fully covering my slit and I was slowly thrusting my hips to drive his tongue deeper inside me. I started wishing he would undress and take the penis I had seen at the park and thrust it inside me. The other part of me was trying to maintain some small semblance of control. I felt the pressure of my orgasm starting to build inside of me as he continued to devour my pussy. I was moaning deeply when his thumb returned and touched my swollen clit and I heard my voice rising, begging for him to continue, and getting louder and he continued to rub it and apply more pressure.
I closed my eyes, and felt my back arch pressing further onto his thumb, his tongue so deep inside of me. I placed my hands on Ron's head pulling him deeper towards me as I started seeing stars and felt my body start to quake. My arms slammed down onto the mattress as I grasped the sheets and held on as the world started to explode. I felt an explosion of white light and my whole body convulsed as I experienced the greatest orgasm I had ever had. My heart was hammering and I'm sure I had probably screamed, but all I remember was the flood of intense heat and then sudden extreme sensitivity of my whole body. I was shaking and I felt light headed as Ron stood up and walked over to Shannon. I touched my face and realized I was covered in my own sweat. Ron took over control of the camera and asked me to look at him as he photographed my expressions. I was in a blur and curled up on their bed as Shannon came over and stroked my hair softly.
I'm not sure how much time passed as I lay there feeling the fading afternoon light, Shannon's hand running through my hair and the warm tingling of my skin. I was in no hurry and she made me feel safe while I came back into the world.
Ron had stepped out and now returned with my dress which I had left outside.
"Thank you for letting me be a part of that Caroline." Shannon said to me. "I know our relationship might seem a bit unconventional, but watching him do that to you was something really special. You're special."
"Yeah, Caroline. Thank you for letting me go there with you." Ron added. "I love seeing you just get swept away in your emotions and I know the photos are going to be spectacular.
That's right! The photos! At the end I had almost forgotten that those moments had now been captured. All of a sudden I felt like crying after having such a powerful sexual experience and then being treated with so much care and sensitivity that would be preserved on film.
"I hate to rush you Caroline, but at this point our kids could be home any time and I feel like it would be pretty obvious that something was happening that might be awkward to explain to them."
"Oh no, that's totally fine!" I said as I slid off their bed. My head was still lightly swimming as I took my dress from Ron and slid it over my head. "Wow, I'm not really sure what to say to you both. I mean this has been such an incredible experience and you both have been so kind to me."
Shannon stepped towards me and hugged me. Then she looked me in the face, brought her hands up and held my face and lightly kissed me on the lips. I stared at her for a moment wondering what that meant. Was it a gesture of kindness or something else?
I walked over to Ron and he wrapped his arms around me, holding me for a moment before releasing me.
"Thank you again Caroline." Ron said. "If you are ever interested in shooting together again, you just let me know."
The light had almost faded as he guided me to where I had left my bag in the living room. I picked it up and slipped on my shoes.
"Oh, one other thing!" Ron remembered. "I know we didn't discuss it but here's your modeling fee." He picked up a check off the table closest to the door and handed it to me. I glanced at the check and noticed it was made out for $600. That was without a doubt the most I had ever made in the course of 4 hours ever.
"Wow, you really don't have to..." I said.
"Caroline, you were absolutely worth every penny. I will call you in a few days when I have the photos ready and I can't wait to see what you think." Ron replied.
I tucked the check into my bag and walked out into the warm summer air. I looked back and saw Ron looking after me as I walked towards my car, he waved and then closed the door. I placed my bag on the passenger seat and sat down behind the wheel. I took a deep breath and felt tears starting to flow down my face. Not tears of sadness, but for the first time in my life, tears of relief.