Author's Note:
Hey, everyone! I'm back! Sorry for neglecting you all for so long! Life has been kinda crazy, and I've been struggling to write one book every 60 days like I used to. As such, theYoni Flowersequels and theAmazonian Uteroboscissequel were delayed by several months (though I am finally working on them now!). During my several-month-long hiatus, I have been slowly working on thisSentenced to Glorysequel that I'd like to present to you today, the recently publishedBlackmailed into Servitude(Free Use, blackmail, twisted love story)! There's also an accidental taboo tale I finished late last year calledThe MasqueRavethat I'll be uploading here next month or so, so keep an eye out!
This story ofreluctanceand forced free use submission is a direct sequel to gloryhole romp that wasSentenced to Glory,so it'll refer back to the first few chapters of that book, touching on how the recently initiated Sigma Lambda Tau (SLUT) Olivia (Taylor's roommate) landed in this predicament. If you'd like to know exactly how Olivia ended up being blackmailed into being a free use fuck doll, please read chapters 1-6 ofSentenced to Gloryhere on Literotica. Since Olivia doesn't have all the details of how Taylor really got out of her predicament without going to jail, you don't have to finish the entireSentenced to Glorybook before this to avoid getting anything spoiled.
Chapters 1-3 are essentially an intro to the story, soif all you're looking for is naughty stuff, there's some naughtiness for ya inchapter 4. From chapter 5 onward, this 35-chapter novel is filled with scene after scene of a free use sex slave reluctantly enduring an onslaught of rough,unprotectedfucking. And in the midst of all the sex, a dark story unfolds into something unexpected for both master and sex slave.
Per usual, I'll be doing weekly releases, soplease check out either my bio or the comments for updates! Now, enjoy the read!

Chapter 1:
Repercussions

Olivia 'Liv' Hartman | 18
Friday, September 30th
Only three questions remain for this psychology exam, and this panic attack I've had since the test began is getting even worse—my heart is throttling, my hand is trembling on a scale rivaling Parkinson's, and I'm so sickeningly nervous that I'm on the verge of puking.
The reason I'm freaking out worse than I ever have isn't because I think I'm completely bombing this exam. Actually, even though I'm stressed beyond measure, this test hasn't been that hard because I studied my ass off these last few days. The reason for my current mental breakdown is that, right before the tests were handed out, the call from my R.A. that I ignored was followed by a text that shook me to my core—a text that read:
Sabrina Ealy: Hey, Liv. Um... Just a heads up, a Detective Jonathan Brady came by saying that he needs to speak with you after your class... He didn't say what it was regarding, he just said he'd be waiting around campus to speak with you and that you needed to call him "as soon as" you're free..." Here's a pic of his calling card.
Though Sabrina didn't specify why this detective is looking for me, I know exactly what his investigation is about.
Last week Friday, me, Taylor Lawrence—my roommate and best friend here at FSU—and three other sorority pledges from Sigma Lambda Tau stole well over $3,000 worth of these $500 realistic dildos plus another $2,000 worth of vibrators from a premium adult sex shop called Boudoir Plus. That stupid sorority initiation challenge that we did would've been a felony worth 5 years in prison had we been caught. Well, one of us was caught. Right as she was about to crawl out of the store's back-office window, Taylor got grabbed. Fortunately for her, the owner let her go later that day since her family reimbursed him for his losses. That and the cameras somehow didn't catch her stealing anything. But now that a detective is looking for me, that can only mean one thing...
The cameras got a good look at my face,I think, staring blankly at the completed test before me while I wait for the professor to announce that time is up.And since the store owner has Taylor's name, the police probably found me tagged in her social media accounts or something. Which means I'm going to fucking jail... I'm only one month into my freshman year of college and I'm going to jail... After Taylor got caught, I should've known we weren't just gonna walk away without facing repercussions...
The second I read Sabrina's text, my first thought was that I needed to run to the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority house and hide out until my accomplices—Taylor, Faith Hanson, CeCe Cohan, Emmy Morgan, and Taylor's Big sister Stella Bennet, our getaway driver—and I have a chance to get our stories straight. I needed to wait for the president of Sig-Lam-Tau's lawyer mother to get there before I could meet with this detective. Right as I was getting ready to go show my professor Sabrina's message and ask to be excused from the test, it dawned on me that the detective might be waiting outside this lecture hall. Then I thought about texting the girls only to realize that texts saying that 'we all need to meet' could be used as evidence to prove we're guilty. Calling anyone was also out of the question too since I got paranoid and thought that my phone was tapped or something.
"Alright, time's up," Professor Kern announces from the front of the lecture room in that high-pitch voice of hers.
Oh crap,I think while grabbing my backpack and test.What do I do? Should I call the guy right away so I seem cooperative? That might help me come off as innocent.... Or maybe I should take the long way around to our sorority house and see if any cops are parked out front. If it's clear, I can borrow someone's phone and call the girls to figure out what to do.
No cops or any undercover-looking types are waiting outside the lecture hall when I walk out the door. Thankfully, that seems to be the case when I exit the social sciences building too. Feeling confident that I'm not about to be ambushed, I go left in the direction of the sorority house instead of heading straight toward my residence hall. Once the crowd of students thins enough for me to walk without bumping into someone, I check the phone clutched in my sweaty hand for missed messages from my sorority sisters.
Odd... None of the girls texted me in the last hour, which means they've either all been arrested or the detective hasn't contacted them. Yet.The moment I lower my phone, it vibrates the way it only does when I'm getting a call.Crap,I think, staring at the unknown number on the screen.An 850 number... that's a Tallahassee area code.
Because I'm paranoid that the detective just saw me leaving the building, I don't frantically look around or let the panic show on my face, I just take a deep breath and swipe to answer the call. "Hello?" I say calmly as the phone touches my ear.
"Olivia Marie Hartman?" a gruff-voiced man responds.
"Um... May I ask who's speaking?" I answer with that slight Georgian drawl of mine, my voice cracking toward the end.
"This isDetectiveJonathan Brady," he says, putting emphasis on his title in a way that makes my stomach sour and twist into a knot. "I'm not sure if your resident assistant got in touch with you yet, but I'm currently at the FSU campus because I need to speak with you in regard to an ongoing investigation. Sabrina said that you'd be back at your dorm around 2:15—2:20 following your final class of the day, so I figured you'd be here by now. Unless you're on the way to Sigma Lambda Tau sorority house, in which case I could meet you there instead, if you prefer."
I stop dead in my tracks, my vision pulsing with each rapid throb of my heart, my legs turning into noodles.Is he watching me?I scan the area for any cop-looking types in shades, but I don't see anyone. "No, sir," I say, turning around and doubling back across the northern edge of Landis Green. "My R.A. left a voicemail about you stopping by, so I'm on the way to my dorm right now. My psychology test ran a little long, that's all."
"Excellent. Well, I'm right out front of Magnolia Hall. If you're not here in five minutes, I'm going to assume you're guilty," he says in a more playful tone that still makes my entire body tremble.
The call abruptly ends, and my eyes immediately start burning.
Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit! This is actually happening! I'm about to get arrested for a stupid sorority hazing challenge... Also, how the hell does he know it usually takes me 5 minutes to walk from Bellamy Building to my dorm?As that thought leaves my mind, a single tear starts rolling down my cheek.Maybe I should just tell him everything. Maybe I should throw Cindy and Stella under the bus for pressuring us into committing a crime. I can say that Cindy threatened to release whatever blackmail they claimed to have on us if we didn't go through with the heist.
Suddenly, what Cindy Prescott told us the day of the heist initiation challenge pops into my head. "Worst case scenario,"she said to the twenty of us girls in the charter room last Friday,"my lawyer mom will come down and get any unlucky pledges out of the jam, just like she did for me and Skylar our freshman year."
On second thought, blaming them means Cindy won't have her mom represent me in court... So, I guess I'll just have to act innocent and try not to incriminate myself until I can call Mrs. Prescott at the station...
The dread plaguing me on this walk down Collegiate Loop is unlike anything I've ever felt before. Like, it's only been a minute since I left the air-conditioned Bellamy Building and I'm already sweating like crazy even though it's not that hot out for an early September afternoon in Tallahassee. Thankfully, I haven't sweat through my gray top yet. The closer I get to my dorm building, the more I tremble, the faster my heart races, and the dizzier I become. I've had panic attacks before, but it legit feels like I'm about to black out and die any second.
You need to pull yourself together before the detective sees you freaking out,I think, wiping the sweat off my face with my hand.Calm down, Olivia. Take a few deep breaths and just calm the hell down.I breathe the way I do during yoga on the quad that I'm currently passing—in slow, out slow. In slow, out slow.Everything's gonna be fine.Another round of breathwork follows.
By the time the edge of the Magnolia Hall's brown-bricked exterior comes into view two minutes later, I've somehow managed to regain my composure just enough to not look like I'm guilty of committing a felony seven days ago. And it's a good thing I calmed down when I did because, a few feet from the crosswalk, I spot the detective standing under a tree right across the street from me, staring right in my direction. Even though he's not in uniform, I know the forty- or fifty-something-year-old Caucasian man ahead is the Jonathan Brady guy who just called me. I know it's him not just because he's the only old man lurking near the dorms but because this bearded guy with a headful of salt-and-pepper hair is wearing the same aviator-style sunglasses all cops seem to wear, and his outfit—a grey long-sleeve button-down with dark pants and black dress shoes—screams 'undercover officer.'
The image of Jonathan Brady suddenly vanishes behind the pack of tall guys who are crossing the street in the opposite direction of me. The moment they pass—the moment they're no longer obscuring my view of him, the detective removes his sunglasses and gestures at me with a subtle, two-finger wave.
Oh crap,I think while offering him a slight smile and a nod.If he recognized me that quickly, it must mean he knows my face from the adult store's security footage.I mindlessly tug down on my backpack's straps to pull my bag higher up on my back—a thing I used to do all the time when I was an anxiety-ridden high school freshman.No... maybe he just pulled my license at the station... But he wouldn't know what license to pull if he didn't run facial recognition on the security camera footage, right? Fuck!
During his approach, he pulls out something black from his back pocket. "Good afternoon, Olivia," the gruff-voiced man says while flipping open a wallet, revealing a Tallahassee Police Department Badge and an ID that displays his name and a much younger photo of him. "I'm Jonathan Brady. We spoke on the phone just now."
I nod and, as he lowers the badge wallet, my gaze snaps back to his steely blue eyes. "Good afternoon, sir," I reply calmly while scanning his expressionless, unreadable face. "How may I help you? Did something happen in the dorm or on campus?"
Crap, am I trying too hard to play dumb?
Detective Brady shakes his head, his unblinking eyes burning into mine while he returns his badge wallet to his back pocket. "No. I'm currently investigating an off-campus matter," he grumbles, pulling his phone out of his front pocket. "Mind telling me where you were last week Friday around this time?"
I briefly avert my gaze. "Oh... Uh... I was... I was at my sorority house that afternoon—all afternoon. Until about five, then I went back to my dorm to get ready for a party."
"You sure?"
"Mm-hm!" I hum, trying not to break eye-contact this time. "My sorority sisters can vouch for me if you'd like to go ask them."
"Alrighty then..." he says though an exasperated sigh while looking down at his smartphone. After silently tapping away at the screen for a few tense moments, Detective Brady glances back up at me. "Before we goverifyyour alibi, would you mind checking out this video and telling me if you recognize anyone?"
A lump forms in my throat, making it hard to swallow. "Sure thing."
In an almost robotic fashion, the stocky man raises the smartphone to my face with the screen facing me, and my eyes immediately widen in horror at the sight. Playing on his Samsung Galaxy is HD security footage of two girls standing face-to-face between a rack of multi-colored dildos and the shelved wall stocked with boxes of the hyper-realistic RealCock 2 dildos. The five-foot-four blonde with her back to the camera is standing before a slightly taller girl who is positioned in such a way that her face is obscured from view by the girl in front of her. From this angle, the only visible defining detail about the taller girl other than her clothes and fair skin is the mane of curly brown hair not being eclipsed by the other girl's head.
The petite blonde with long, straight hair who's dressed in a burgundy tank top, a light-blue denim miniskirt, and white sneakers? That's my roommate Taylor Lawrence. And the curly-haired brunette dressed in a red tank top and a skimpy, red-and-black, pleated skirt? That's me...
Oh crap... I'm screwed...

Chapter 2:
A Car Ride with Me or Jail

Olivia 'Liv' Hartman | 18
Friday, Sept 30th
Moments after my gaze falls back on Detective Brady's phone screen, the footage shows Taylor turning and removing a RealCock 2Jonesdildo off the shelf, her face obscured by her curtain of blonde locks the entire time. As she does so, the camera gets an irrefutable shot of my face and my panicked eyes while I'm subtly dropping a large tote purse on the floor between us. Like, it's such a clear shot that I can almost make out the starburst pattern in my topaz-blue irises.
Oh fuck,I think as my body begins trembling.
For six long minutes, I watch the surveillance footage of last Friday's heist transpire on the detective's phone. Two different POVs show us stealing dildos. Another POV shows the store owner chasing after CeCe and Faith after catching them stealing vibrators. And when they jump in the getaway car before he catches them, the footage shows him turning and chasing me and Taylor through the back of the store. The incriminating video ends with a surveillance video from a camera overlooking the back-alley showing me falling out of the window and scrambling to the getaway car as I'm watching Taylor get yanked back into the back office by the owner. With the exception of Taylor who somehow avoided having her face in frame at any point in all those POVs, the video shows all of our faces as clear as day.
With wide, tear-flooded eyes, I hesitantly look up from the phone and meet the detective's stern gaze.
"So, Ms. Olivia Hartman," Jonathan Brady says before I can speak, "would you like to revise youralibiafter watching all that?"
I don't speak. My head doesn't shake side-to-side like I want it to. All I do is stare at him with unblinking eyes while my body trembles and sweats profusely.
"Because there's footage of you walking into Boudoir Plus too," he continues after a short pause. "And... I don't know if you noticed, but that alley camera got adamn goodshot of your getaway driver's license plate at the end there, which is how I pulled Stella Bennett's info and tracked you all down to FSU—or, more specifically, to the Sigma Lambda Tau sorority house. Given all those clear shots of your face in the video, it wasn't hard to ID you once I figured that out. And because I was able to get that shot of Ms. Bennett's license plate, I was able to acquire CCTV footage of her vehicle pulling out of the sorority's parking loteighteen-minutesprior to the robbery along with footage of hercleverlydropping off you and your four sorority sisters across the street and one block down from Boudoir Plus."
"So..." I croak, subtly looking around to see whose about to witness me be cuffed. "Am I—am I under arrest?" That's all I can think to say to not admit my guilt.
Detective Brady smirks. "No. Notyet, anyway... Despite the substantial evidence I have against you, as aprivatedetective, I'm notlegallyallowed to arrest you, Ms. Hartman. But should you and my client—Mr. Scott Bonham—not settle on a way for you to make things right after I bring you to him today, the evidence of the felony you committed will be submitted to my friends at Tallahassee P.D., and youwillbe arrested before the day is over."
My eyes narrow into a partial squint as my gut twists into a knot. "Wait, wait... you're aprivatedetective? Like... a private investigator?"
"That's right. Mr. Bonham—the owner of Boudoir Plus who you saw dragging your blonde friend away from the window in that last part of the video—didn't want to ruin your life over a matter that could lead to you getting up to five years in prison without first giving you a chance to figure out a way to remedy his losses, so he hired me to ID you, track you down, and bring you in."
Hearing that I might be given a way to clear my name gives me a bit of relief, but the revelation that this guy isn't a real detective leaves me feeling uneasy. "Oh... I don't remember you disclosing that you're a private detective or P.I. or whatever?"
"But Idid," he says with emphasis while pulling out his wallet again. Instead of flipping it open and showing it to me this time, he pulls out the ID and holds it up to my face. "The identification I showed you before says so right at the top." Using the index finger of the other hand, he taps the edge of the blue stripe at the top of the card that has the wordsPrivate Investigator Licenseright above the wordsState of Florida.
Hmm... All I saw before was 'State of Florida' at the top, his name beneath that, and the photo... I guess the 'Private Investigator' part was obscured by the leather bordering the wallet's ID window... You know what, he does look a little older in this picture... Maybe he showed me a different ID the first time then pulled out this one to convince me he wasn't impersonating a cop.
"Oh..." is all I mutter while looking back up at his eyes and taking a step back. "If you're a P.I., then why are you still carrying a Tallahassee Police Department Badge? And why did the calling card you left with my R.A. say that you were adetectiveand not that you're aprivateinvestigator or private detective or whatever? Was that even a real badge?" I take another step back.
"Yes, the badge is real. I was a beat cop for five years and a detective for twenty-two before I retired and became a P.I. In regards to the badge, I keep it on me as a show of legitimacy. As for the calling card, I must've given your R.A. one of the old cards I never removed from my wallet..." He scans my face and his expression softens at the sight of my obvious apprehension. "Listen, if you'd like to verify my employment history, we can walk on over to the police station around the corner right now and have them pull up my file," he says, gesturing in the direction of the FSU police department building that's a two-minute walk to the southwest of us. "But if we do that, they might ask why I'm investigating you, and then I'd be obligated to disclose the details of this case—"
"No, no!" I interrupt. "That's fine. I believe you."
"Well, good. So, does that mean you don't mind coming with me to my car so I can take you to my client?" he asks, gesturing toward the lot to my right—the lot by Azalea Hall that's right beside the friggin' FSU police station. "I've got other business to attend to in about an hour, so I'd like to wrap up here."
"Uh... I don't know if I feel comfortable getting in the car with you—not after you called me on the phone claiming that you were adetectiveinstead of specifically disclosing that you're aprivatedetective."
"Oh, that's just semantics. Aprivatedetectiveisadetective.I didn't lie."
"I mean, I guess... But you not being clear about that makes me feel like you purposefully neglected to disclose the wholeP.I.thing to scare me into getting in the car with you. Like, I'm pretty sure that's considered impersonating a cop, and I'm pretty sure that's illegal even if you retired from the police force."
Jonathan sighs. "Itisillegal. But it wasn't intentional. Referring to myself as adetectiveis just a force of habit after being one for over half my life, and I'm sorry for not being clear right off the bat. If you'd like to report me, by all means, feel free to do so," he says, once again gesturing toward the police station. "Should you do so, I'll have to disclose my case against you, and then it'd be the word of a thief against the word of a well-respected officer of the law with friends in Tallahassee P.D. and the courts."
My body tenses so badly from the threat that my booty clenches. "I'm not gonna say anything, sir. I promise. I was just letting you know why I felt uncomfortable getting in the car with you."
"Okay. I understand."
"So... can I just drive there myself? I have a car, so I can just follow you to Boudoir Plus."
"Unfortunately, my instructions were to make contact with you and thenpersonallydrive you to Boudoir Plus. And Mr. Bonham made it very clear that, if you refused to let me drive you there, I am to call him and then submit the evidence to Tallahassee P.D. on his behalf. So, essentially, your options right now are either a car ride with me orjail."
My heart jackhammers against the inside of my chest. "Okay, okay!" I plead, raising my hands in surrender. "I'll go with you."
"Excellent," he says, turning and gesturing toward the lot he pointed to earlier. "Right this way, Ms. Hartman."
Why does it feel like I'm about to get kidnapped?The moment that thought crosses my mind, I become dizzy with panic.I gotta text Taylor and let her know I'm about to get in a car with a random old guy,I think, pulling out my phone from the back pocket of my denim shorts.
"Good timing," Jonathan says in the middle of our walk, holding his hand out to me. "I was just about to ask you for your phone."
My brows furrow. "Wait, for real?"
"Yup. My client gave me strict orders to not let you contact anyone until you two have had a chance to talk. Something about keeping this whole thing hush-hush until you can sign an NDA about his hiring of aprivatedetective to come and get you... So, unfortunately, I'm going to need to confiscate that from you."
My eyes go wide. "Seriously? Can't I just text my roommate real quick to let her know I'm about to get in the car with a stranger?"
He shakes his head. "Listen, if you text or call anyone, I'll have to tell Mr. Bonham, and then he's surely going to tell me to submit the evidence to the police because you didn't follow instructions." He makes a come here motion. "Don't worry, you'll get it back later. And I promise nothing is going to happen to you while you're in my custody or thereafter. Not only am I still a man of the law, but there are cameras right over there recording us," he says, pointing at the dome camera attached to the streetlight a few feet to my right, "so you can rest assured that there's evidence of us meeting. I wouldn't implicate myself if I thought something bad was going to happen to you."
"Ugh, alright... fine," I sigh out, handing him my iPhone with a shaky hand. "Umm... you said earlier that the owner wanted to give me a chance to remedy the losses before deciding whether or not he wants to turn me in, right?"
"That's right," the P.I. grumbles.
That doesn't make sense though... Taylor said her aunt and uncle paid off the store owner in full when they came to pick her up.
"But..." I start to say only for my words to trail off when it dawns on me that asking about that might get Taylor in trouble. "Did he say what he wanted? Like, do I have to work for him for free until I earn back the equivalent of what was taken?"
The private investigator shrugs. "I assume so... He didn't exactly say, and I didn't ask."
"Oh... Okay..."
"I wouldn't worry too much about it. I mean, I doubt he'd hire an ex-cop to bring you in if he planned on asking something inappropriate of you."
"That's true, I guess..."
In the corner of my eye, I see him turn to me. "As a former criminal investigator who's seen dozens of cases like these, can I offer you a bit of advice, Ms. Hartman?"
"Sure."
"Well, in my expert opinion, I recommend that you take whatever deal Scott offers you, no matter how shitty it is. If you don't, I can almostguaranteethat you'll be getting at least a year in prison given the value of the property you stole and the evident premeditation that went into the robbery, even if this is your first offense."
"Oh... really?"
"Really," he says as he comes to a stop by a black Ford sedan that he just unlocked with his key fob. "I mean, half of you girls went in wearing a different sorority's clothes, the other half had on Jacksonville University attire, and all of you knew where to stand to keep the cameras from seeing you steal goods. Wearing disguises to make it harder to track you all down and standing in all the right spots to hide from cameras? That demonstrates blatant premeditation, so you definitely don't want this going to trial. That being said, if you don't work out a deal with Mr. Bonham, it won't just be you going down for this robbery, it'll also be your four accomplices and the getaway driver. You'll all go down to some degree, but Faith Hanson will surely receive the maximum penalty possible."
My eyes widen. "Wait, why's that?" I blurt out.
"Faith is on probation for a weed charge."
"Oh, that's right."
"The only reason she got probation instead of five years in prison for getting caught with 20 grams of marijuana is because the judge went easy on her after learning that she's her sick mother's sole caretaker."
To that, I simply nod.Faith's future and her mom's future depend on me making a deal with this Scott Bonham guy... The question is, why me? Why not Taylor? Why not all the girls for that matter?
"Also, I've done my research on Sigma Lambda Tau, so I know the sorority president's mother is an accomplished lawyer," the private investigator continues. "You may think that'll give you a good chance to fight the grand theft charges but, considering that you all were likely acting on Cindy Prescott's orders for some sort of sorority initiation challenge like the other hazing-related robberies that happened around Tallahassee in years past, you can bet that her mom will be too busy keeping her daughter out of prison after you girls start ratting on your president to shift fault away from yourselves. When that inevitably happens, Attorney Linda Prescott will undoubtedly make the case that you five were acting on your own accords. She'll convince the jury that you all were stealing goods to gift to Cindy and the Big sisters in exchange forbuyingyour way into the sorority. Fun fact: That's happened in similar cases involving sorority and fraternity hazing a few years ago. In ninety-percent of those cases, the well-connected, often affluent presidents of the Greek organization walked away free and clear while the scapegoat pledges went to jail. But even if Attorney Linda Prescott or some other lawyer gets you out of doing time, there's no way you or your friends are walking away from this withoutat leastgetting probation and being expelled from FSU."
"I see..." I say through a sigh. "Well, thanks for the advice."
"You're welcome," he says while opening the rear driver's-side door for me.
After removing my backpack, I toss it in and then I start climbing into the back of the vehicle only to pause and turn back around a second later. "Before I get in this car with you, I have one more question."
"Ask away," the older man says.
"Do you know why this Scott Bonham guy sent you aftermeinstead of one of the other girls?" I ask nervously.
The man shrugs, his face expressionless. "I haven't the slightest clue, young lady. Been wondering that myself, honestly. I suppose you can ask him that when you see him in about fifteen minutes."
I sigh while turning back around, staring worriedly at the back seat of the car like it's a coffin I'm about to be buried alive in. "That doesn't make me feel any better," I mutter.
"Sorry, but my job isn't to make criminals feel better, Ms. Hartman. My job is to deliver you to my clienton time, so please hop on in the back so we can get a move on."
Pouting, I glance over my shoulder at him.
"Everything will be fine. I promise."
Nodding, I turn back around and hesitantly climb in. The instant I'm seated, he slams the door hard—so hard that my nervous-ass jumps like an abused dog with PTSD.
My phone got taken, I got into a car with a shady P.I., and now I'm legit about to be delivered to the man I robbed last week for who knows what reason.
As I watch the grunting older man climb behind the wheel, a pit forms in my stomach. Then, just like before, I jump when the P.I. slams his door shut. And then I jump again a beat later when the engine roars to life and the locks beside me clunk.
This doesn't feel right,I think as the vehicle pulls out of the parking spot.A guy with good intentions wouldn't have made a P.I. use incriminating evidence to blackmail me into giving up my phone before getting in the car with him... I mean, if that's what this Scott guy would do just to get me to meet with him without anyone knowing, I can't imagine what he'll ask of me when I get there... Oh God... What if this Scott guy drugs me, chains me up, and sells me to sex traffickers?As that thought leaves my mind, I'm suddenly overcome with this unnerving feeling—what can only be described as a sense of impending doom.My gut's telling me that getting in this car was a bad idea...The image of the road ahead blurs behind a wall of tears.This is it... This is how I get kidnapped... This is how I get killed... I gotta get out at the next red light, and I gotta run!
But if I run, I go to jail... I don't wanna go to jail!
But I also don't wanna be kidnapped...
I might not even get kidnapped though. It's possible that I'm just freaking myself out. Maybe I am really about to be given a legit chance to clear my name by working for free while the owner goes on vacation or something...
Or maybe I'm about to be kidnapped...
Fuck... What do I do?

Σ Λ Τ

For the last thirteen minutes, I've been sitting in the middle of the backseat staring at the private investigator's phone that's mounted to the windshield, watching as the blue icon representing this vehicle draws nearer to our Google Maps destination in Killearn Estates labeledBoudoir Plus: Premium Adult Superstore. Seeing that we're in fact heading to the address for the store I robbed and not some sketchy remote area calmed me down enough to not try jumping out in the middle of the street and running for my life.
That doesn't mean I've let my guard down though. A few minutes ago, I snuck a pen out of the small pocket of my backpack and slipped it into my shorts pocket for quick access. That way, if one of these guys comes at me with a syringe or someone tries to drag me to a kidnap van, I'm using this improvised weapon to stab them, and then I'm going to run to the nearest business. That's what my dad taught me to do back in high school if someone tried to kidnap me.
As the private investigator slows to a stop for the traffic halted at the redlight ahead, he reaches over to his phone, minimizes Google Maps with a tap of the screen, and then he hits the green phone icon to bring up his call log. After dialing up the top contact with a swipe, he removes the cellphone from the mount and then brings it to his ear.
"Hey. We're one light away," P.I. Brady says to the man on the phone as the traffic light turns green. A short pause follows. "Not really... Yes,as requested... Copy that. See you shortly."
The instant this vehicle lurches forward, my heart throttles harder and faster than it ever has before, which is concerning considering that it's already been racing at an alarmingly quick rate since we left campus. With each passing second—which each foot of road traversed, my heartbeat somehow ramps up to a higher BPM, making my vision pulse.
The intensifying panic has me nauseous, and my body's physiological response to it has me feeling dizzy.
A little less than a quarter-mile later, the sign for Boudoir Plus appears, barely jutting out from behind a wall of towering trees bordered by high bushes—a wall of greenery that conceals the building from view in an almost purposeful manner, acting as a botanical shroud to prevent it from tarnishing the upstanding businesses in proximity to it. Not that there are any businesses super close by. Boudoir Plus isn't connected to anything. It's a large standalone building that's maybe half the size of a Super Target, separated from the nearest establishment by a thick cluster of trees and brush that's wide enough to fit a Starbucks.
The entrance to the parking lot appears from behind some tall bushes as we approach the sign. Thankfully, there are no kidnap vans in sight, just a black Jeep Cherokee. Though this P.I. hits the turn signal and begins slowing down, he passes right by the entrance.
"Uhhh," I croak as we come to a stop in the left turning lane for the next turn—a turn leading to a tree-lined side street that goes uphill. I'm pretty sure this is the way the girls and I came during our escape. "Wait, why'd you pass the entrance?"
"Mr. Bonham has requested that I bring you in through the back," he grumbles, intensely staring at the lane running parallel to us in search of a gap in the oncoming traffic.
"Oh," I mutter, picturing the alley in my head.
On the opposite side of the alley from Boudoir Plus, there's just a tall wall separating that property and the backstreet from the tree-topped hill behind it. There are no houses or businesses with a view of the backstreet... Which means the only footage of me entering this place will be in the possession of the guy who paid a P.I. to bring me here... Not good.I scoot closer to the passenger's side door and grab the doorhandle.I need to be ready to jump out and run.
As soon as P.I. Brady steps on the gas and begins the high-speed turn to beat the next wave of cars racing toward us, I slowly pull on the handle, waiting for the lock to pop up with a clunk that's hopefully not too loud. But even after pulling it as far as it'll go, the lock doesn't pop up.
Oh shit... the child safety locks must be on,I think as the fake detective makes another left down the alley, driving downhill in the opposite direction that the girls and I fled from a week ago.Of course an ex-cop wouldn't put a 'prisoner' in the back without making it impossible for them to escape...
A few seconds later, we come to a stop right in front of the emergency exit and the small office window that I crawled out of to flee capture. In the next moment, Jonathan Brady shifts into park and then cuts off the engine while opening his door. Like theoldman he is, he grunts and groans as he climbs out of the car. It's only after he slams his door shut that he uses his key fob to unlock mine. Unfortunately, he parked too close to the wall for me to open the passenger side door, so I have no choice but to get out where he's standing. I'm sure that was on purpose.
"Time to face justice, Ms. Hartman," he grumbles while opening my door. When I don't budge, he sighs and makes a 'come here' motion with his hand. "You made your bed, now it's time tosleepin it, so c'mon."
I stare blankly at him, not moving, not blinking.
"Listen, you've got nothing to worry about. Unless you choose to let Mr. Bonham send you to jail instead of coming to an arrangement, I promise that you'll be back safe in your dorm before sunset. If it makes you feel any better, I'll even call to check in on you tonight. And if I don't hear from you, you can rest assured that I'll send one of my old buddies from the precinct here to check in on your whereabouts, okay?"
Since that promise seemedkindagenuine, I nod and start climbing out of the car while dragging my backpack behind me.
Upon reaching the gray emergency door, P.I. Brady doesn't knock like I expect him to, he simply turns the handle and pulls it open. "After you," he says, gesturing to the red-neon-lit hallway. "Mr. Bonham is waiting for you in his office. You remember where that is, right?" A menacing smirk creeps across his face.
Without making eye contact, I walk past him with a nod. As I veer right to the partially opened white office door on my right, I tuck my thumb in my pocket, preparing myself to grab my pen in case I need to defend myself. When I'm a foot from the door, the sound of rapid knocking behind me startles me, and I twirl around all wide-eyed to find mycaptorrapping his knuckles against the wall.
"Come in!" a guy shouts from inside the office.
A beat later, P.I. Brady reaches past me and pushes the door open while also gently pushing me inside with the hand he has pressed against my backpack. The office ahead has a black ceiling like the rest of the store but, instead of sheetrock walls and red and black floors, it has brick walls that are painted white and a wooden floor. As soon as I step inside the office, my gaze snaps over to the right where there's an average-looking, early thirty-something-year-old with shaggy brown hair and a low-cut beard sitting behind the desk. The moment he lays eyes on me, he smiles in a fiendish way that makes me extremely uncomfortable.
"Well, well, well," the smirking man says in a playful tone as he rises from the office chair, "the curly-haired crook returns to the scene of the crime..." As the man who appears to be about five-foot-ten strolls around the desk, he picks up the thick envelope that was sitting near the edge. "Not that I'm surprised. Figured you'd choose a sit-down with me over a jail cell and a court battle."
I force a smile. "Offering me a way to make things right instead of turning me in was very generous of you," I croak as sincerely as possible, "so thank you for this opportunity, Mr. Bonham... Also, I'msosorry for what happened last week."
"Sure thing. And thanks for the apology," he says half-heartedly, his sin-filled, brown eyes fixated on me in a predatory way as he approaches the private investigator. "And please, call me Scott." Now he turns his attention to Jonathan Brady and extends the thick envelope to him. "Thanks for your services, sir."
Why does it feel like I've just been sold to this man?
The P.I. takes the envelope, with a curt nod. "Anytime, Mr. Bonham." The older man reaches into his pocket, pulls out my cellphone, and then holds it out to hisemployer.
"I'll be in touch," Scott says as he takes it.
P.I. Brady gives him another nod, turns without looking at me, and then exits the office, pulling the door shut behind him.
"Wait, is he leaving,leaving?" I ask, my eyes wide with fear.
Scott nods. "Yeah. But don't worry, I'll call ya an Uber when we're all done here. Just set your bag on the couch and have a seat over here, Oliva," he says as he walks back to his work station, gesturing to the seat on the opposite side of the desk from where he was sitting.
Ah crap... What did I get myself into?

Chapter 3:
Three Nights in the Booth Or...

Olivia 'Liv' Hartman | 18
Friday, September 30th
Without a word, I set my bookbag down on the black, faux leather couch cushion—the one cushion that doesn't have gross, crusty white stuff on it—and then I shuffle over to the folding chair.
"So," Scott says right when I sit down, "before we get down to business..." He flops down onto his seat and then sighs in relief. "Just in case you were wondering, which I'm sure you are, I just wanna let you know that you're not here because Taylor ratted on you or anything. That sweet girl you abandoned and left to take the fall was as loyal as they come, unlike the rest of her so-called sororitysisters." A faint look of disgust flashes on his face. "She didn't tell me your names, how to find you—nothing."
The guilt I feel from hearing that leaves me too stunned to react, so I just stare at him.
"Wanna know howIfoundyou?"
"Your private investigator used the license plate to find us, right?" I pipe up.
He shakes his head. "Nah. I got Taylor's full name from her license, so I was able to find her on Instagram. And since her account was public, I was able to see the pictures of you two, along with all her FSU and Sigma Lambda Tau posts. With all that information, it wasn't hard to identify the rest of you..." He scans my face for a moment, staring at me with something between desire and vengeful fury. "Oh, and speaking of Taylor... she confessed that you all robbing my business was a part of your sorority's initiation challenge. Is that right?"
"Yes," I whisper.
"And how many pledges were in your sorority this year?"
"Uh... Twenty."
His dark eyes widen with intrigue. "So, wait... did the fifteen other girls also rob sex shops in Tallahassee?"
I shrug. "I don't know where they had to go for their challenges."
"I see," he mutters as a sinister smile creeps across his face, like that revelation makes him happy instead of disappointed that there are more sorority thieves out there. "And did you get accepted to the sorority, or are you still rushing?"
"No, I officially became a sister this past Sunday."
His brows raise. "Taylor and the other three accomplices too?"
"Mm-hm."
A grin stretches across his face as he does a slow-clap. "Wow.Congratulations. I'mso gladthat you all were able to become sorority members at my expense—at my business's expense!" he says in the most sarcastic voice ever.
I wince while shaking my head side-to-side. "I'm so sorry... Truly. I didn't even wanna do it. None of us did."
"But you still did anyway. And you didn't just take a bunch of cheap sex toys. No, you stoleseven$500 dildos before I caught your accomplices shoplifting vibrators. Wait... I meansix$500 dildos. Because one dropped out when you yanked your bag of loot through the window," he says, gesturing to a veiny,fleshy, light-brown dong on the other end of his desk that's nestled between his second monitor and the wall. "Did you take the RealCock 2 dildos because you wanted to swipe some realistic toys or because your sorority sisters or president asked you to?"
"We were told exactly what to take," I confess despite the voice in my head screaming not to implicate Cindy. And after the words leave my mouth, I remember how the part of the security footage that showed me and Taylor in this office also recorded sound.Crap...
Scott nods. "Tell me something... Was putting your future on the line worth joining a sorority that required you to commit a felony to get in?"
I shake my head. "Honestly? No. If I could travel back in time to last week, I would bow out of the initiation process."
He slouches in his seat and crosses his arms. "But you can't go back. All you can do now to keep your life from turning into something out ofOrange Is the New Blackis to come to an arrangement with the store owner who decided to be generous enough to give you a chance to save your future... Have you watchedOrange Is the New Black?"
I nod. "I have, and that's part of the reason I am soextremelygrateful that you've chosen to be so very generous, Scott." I clasp my hands together. "Just tell me what I need to do to make things right so that me and my friends don't have to go to jail for that stupid initiation challenge."
The smirk that appears on his Face is so devious that it makes me nervous. "I take it thatDetectiveBrady filled you in on how much time you and your friends are facing should I submit the surveillance footage of your robbery to the authorities?"
I nod. "Yes, he did."
"And he disclosed to you how cases like these turned out for the pledges who went to trial for hazing-related thefts?"
"Yes."
"So, Olivia... my question to you now is, what's your freedom and your future worth to you? What are you willing to do to keep from losing what could very well be five years of your life?"
Being asked that gives me pause. It gives me pause because I know when men with leverage ask desperate girls questions like that, it's usually followed by a depraved proposition of a sexual nature. "I'd do—I'd doalmostanything," I mutter in hopes that sayingalmostlets him know there are lines I won't cross.
"I see... Well, you've gottwooptions to clear your name, so hopefully one of them will be something you'd consider."
I want to ask if he's going to coerce me into doing something sexual with him, but I decide against it just in case that offends him or in case it motivates him to ask. "Uh... Okay... And what are the options?"
"Option number one is... Well... Do you know what a gloryhole booth is?"
My heart skips a beat and my eyes damn-near bulge out of my skull. "Um...yes.But why are you asking me that? You're not planning on locking me in a booth and pimping me out, are you?"
Scott smirks and shakes his head. "First of all, I would neverlock you in a booth.You wouldn't be a prisoner while you're here, you'd just be an employee who can walk out whenever she's ready."
"An employee who'd suck off guys for money, right?"
"No... Women come here all the time for anonymous fun, and they don't do what they do for money. How it works in my shop is, when a promiscuous young woman strolls in looking to mess around, I simply call my list of regulars. And once those gentlemen come in, they submit official, recent blood-work results showing that they're STD-free, and then they pay the premium torent outthe arcade rooms for whatever it is they choose to do during their allotted twenty-minute sessions. So, for option one, what I'm askingyouis: would you willingly want toserviceanonymous men for free this weekend while I'm up-front collecting admission fees?"
My jaw drops as my eyes bulge even more than before. "Seriously?"
"Seriously," he says somewhat sternly.
My head shakes side-to-side, not to say no but as a manifestation of my disbelief. "Wait... Taylor said her aunt and uncle paid you for all the crap we stole, so why did you bring me here to suck dick for money?"
"Again, you're notservicingpatrons for money. And Taylor's family did pay for what was stolen, which is why you'd just be working in the booth until you've earned the monetary equivalent of the amount it'd take to convince me not to turnyouin."
My entire body is visibly trembling now, and my eyes are burning. "Oh? And exactly how many random dicks would I have toserviceto make that happen?" I sass despite trying super hard to keep cool.
Scott snickers. "Well, I have, a list of about 200 regulars, and I'd be willing to delete the footage and forget what all of you girls did here last Friday if you were to take care ofallof them."
"What?!" I shriek. "You're joking, right? Please tell me you're joking."
"No, I'm dead serious..."
"There's no fricken way I'm blowing 200 guys! That's disgusting!"
He snickers while trying to suppress a smile. "Well,technically,you wouldn't beorallyservicing all of them since about half of my regulars tend to only pay for afull-servicebooth rental."
"And what'sfull-service?" I search is eyes intensely for the answer in the brief silence that follows. "Like,vaginalintercourse?" I blurt out before he can respond.
Scott nods slowly and dramatically. "Condomoptional. And they can finishwhereverthey want."
My face scrunches up. "Ewww! What? No! I'd rather go to jail than let a hundred random guysinseminateme through a hole in the wallon top ofhaving to blow the same number of men! Just... eww! Like, what's wrong with you? What kind of man proposesthatas a blackmail option instead of what guys in your situation normally ask a girl?"
"The kind of man who's a vengeful, criminal-hating, porn-obsessed bastard that owns a sex shop with a popular gloryhole setup?" he says with a smirk. "And the kind of man who'd rather make a lot of money instead of coercing a girl nearly half my age into having sex with him."
I blink away the tears. "Well, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I'm not gonna choose that option no matter what."
He grins instead of looking disappointed like I expect. "You sure?"
"Oh, I'm very sure! Because there's no way I'd be able to live with myself after doing something like that."
"What if I told you that I just read about how 21 percent of female inmates are raped by fellow inmates? Can't imagine how many ladies would flock to a beautiful, rather innocent young girl like yourself after they see you walk into the cellblock for the first time... I mean, how is the risk of getting shanked and sexually assaulted while incarcerated not worse than willingly havingrisk-free, once-in-a-lifetime fun in a gloryhole booth for a weekend?"
A montage of all the horrible things I've seen happen to women inOrange Is the New Blackand in prison documentaries flashes in my mind, sending sickening fear buzzing through my entire being. "You said there were two options, right?"
"Mm-hm," he says, giving me a curt nod.
"So, what's the second option?"
As though he's pausing for dramatic effect, he sits there staring at me in silence for a good five seconds or so. "Your choices are: you either do three nights in the boothor... you justserviceme every day for the next... let's say—let's say for today and the entire month of October plus one additional week. That's one week ofservicefor every $1,000 in products that were stolen from me."
I snicker reflexively and shake my head as my eyes flood with tears again. "Iknewthat was coming eventually... As soon as your private investigator told me that you were holding off on turning in the evidence until we couldwork out an arrangement,I knew that didn't mean you wanted me to work in your shop for free or something."
"And yet you decided to meet with me anyway," he growls darkly with a Cheshire grin. "Does that mean you came here prepared to give yourself to me in exchange for your freedom?"
I stare at him in silence, blinking away the tears while wiping the salty droplets from my cheeks. "Is this what you offered Taylor? Because she was a virgin before she disappeared for two days, and then she came back saying that she lost her virginity."
Scott smiles. "When Taylor told me that she was a virgin, I pumped the breaks on this proposal and instead opted to let her call her family so they could just repay me for what you girls stole. She was too sweet and innocent to ruin like that. I'm notthatheartless." His smile grows darker.
"So... whyme?" I mewl. "Why not one of the other girls?"
"If I'm being honest? It's because you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, and I thought it'd be nice to have you as a...companionfor a month or so since you don't seem like a bitch."
I sniffle. "Perfect... And, let me guess... you proposed the gloryhole booth option first so I'd be more inclined to pick this less extreme but still insanely messed-up option, right?"
"Yup. And if you're considering it," he says while opening the folder in front of him, "it may ease your mind to know that I, like my patrons, am STD-free..." He pushes some stapled papers over to me. "These are my results. I got tested Wednesday for every possible disease, and I haven't been with anyone since. Also, I have an email straight from the doctor's office if you wanna confirm that this paperwork came from the clinic's email address. I'll even let you call them to verify if you want."
"Of courseyou got tested in anticipation of me coming here today..." I mutter while scanning the list of diseases he was screened for, checking to make sure the that wordNegativeis next to all of them.
Scott shrugs. "What can I say? I like to be ready for anything."
"You know blackmailing someone into having sex is super illegal, right?"
"And so is stealing over $5,000-worth of goods from a store..." Scott stares at me for a few beats. "Listen, I'm not forcing you to do anything. If you wanna walk out, I'll return your phone to you and you can call the cops on me for what I just proposed to you. But, if you do that, I promise that you're the only one who'd be going to jail. Well, I mean the only one out ofme and you, because all your accomplices will be going down with you. Well, except for Taylor. I won't press charges against her. But that doesn't mean she won't run the risk of losing her scholarship and getting kicked out of FSU once they learn she was involved in your heist scandal... And when the cops question me on yoursexual coercionclaims, I'd just say you're a lying thief and then I'd tell them that I actually offered you to work here until you paid off your debts. Look, I even have the paperwork for your employment right here..." He opens another folder and pushes over a packet titledTemporary Employee Contract—a contract that's got my name and today's date filled in the blanks.
From what I've just skimmed, the contract seems to stipulate that I'd work here until my hours of free labor at the current minimum wage rate makes up for the value of what was stolen.
"Also," Scott continues, "just so you know, I turned off the mics for the security cameras in here, so there's no evidence that I propositioned either option to you."
I sigh while shaking my head. "You really planned this out and covered all your bases, huh?"
"What can I say? I'm somewhat of a strategic genius."
No, you're a fucking predatory psychopath,I think, glaring at him.
"I can't tell if that look means you're upset at yourself because you're about to say you wanna go with option two or if it means you're pissed at me for my choice of punishment alternatives," he says after a short pause.
I cross my arms and avert my gaze.
"Okay then... Time's a-wastin', so what's it gonna be, criminal? Three nights in the booth servicing 200 gentlemen, thirty-seven days of being my personal, free use companion, or would you prefer to take your chances in court?"
I sigh and palm the upper half of my face, using my thumb and middle finger to massage my temples.Despite the fact that Scott's a creep of the highest order, letting him fuck me for a little over five weeks is still better than even a year in prison... It's not like I didn't have my first ever drunken one-night-stand with a frat douche I barely knew a few weekends ago... And it's not like I didn't suck off two random frat boys last Sunday in order to complete Sig-Lam-Tau's initiation ceremony... I mean, there's a reason I joined a sorority that treats hook-up culture like a religion. There's a reason I chose to rush a house whose motto is 'Frequent Sex, Safe Sex.' It also helps to know that Scott is STD-free...
"Uh..." I sigh again. "Fuck... Um... Can you tell me exactly what being yourfree use companionentails?"
"Of course. In fact, I can show you." Scott opens a third folder, pulls out another stapled packet, and then starts writing something on the top page. When he's done, he clicks his pen and then slides the papers over to me. "In a nutshell, you'll be agreeing to satisfy my needs however I want, as many times per day as I desire, whenever I ask until this sex contract ends. And don't worry, I promise I won't ask you to do some50 Shadestype of stuff or any of that Tijuana Burger Girl food-play, nor will I be abusive to you in any way, shape, or form. Unless you ask for it, of course... And, to start, I won'tinitiateanything. I'll let you take the lead and perform allactivitieson me until you're comfortable enough to let me takecontrol." As I open my mouth to speak, he blurts out, "Before you answer, take a few minutes to read the sex contract I've written up so you have all the details. Full disclosure: the terms are non-negotiable."
Sniffling and wiping another tear from my cheek, I look from him to the packets on the table before me. By the time I'm finished reading through all the disgusting terms, conditions, and unthinkable acts I'd have to perform with and on this creep, my eyes are watering.
"This is bullshit,Scott," I croak, fighting off the urge to sob uncontrollably.
The smirking man across from me squints. "Which part?"
"Umm...All of it?" I slam my finger down on the second paragraph, hitting the table with a thud. "But let's start with this line that says how me signing this means that I'm swearing that I wasn't coerced into agreeing to the terms of this contract, which is what isclearlyhappening here."
He shakes his head. "I'm notforcingyou to sign or agree toanything. I gave you two options, and I told you that you could walk whenever and face the repercussions of the crime you committed. And because I wanted to be upfront aboutexactlywhat I'd require of you, I laid everything out in writing as to not deceive you. So, if you choose to select this option and sign this agreement to avoid jail, that's on you, not me. There's no gun to your head."
I shake my head and stare at the list of activities. "So, if I sign this—if I agree to thisoption, you get totake meand touch mewheneveryou wantevery dayfor five weeks—"
"Hold on," he interrupts, "Like I said before, I'm gonna letyouinitiate everything at first until you're comfortable with us being intimate. I want this to beone-hundred-percentconsensual, and I don't want this to feel like assault at any point, which is why I'm not gonna just bend you over my desk and take you immediately after you sign this. For as long as it takes, whenever I summon you here or to my home to fulfill your contractual obligations, I'll just sit there and let youserviceme until you tell me it's okay for me to self-serve myself using your body. That's a promise."
That gives me some sense of comfort, but I won't let him know that. "Hownobleof you..." I sass, glancing back at the document. My gaze wanders to the part about how I must make my body available to him every day. "So, what happens during the days I'm on my period?"
His mouth twists to the side and he snaps his fingers. "You know what, I didn't even think of that..." He pulls out another copy of the contract from the folder before him, clicks his pen, and starts writing. "I guess we'd do everything else untilyour time of the monthends, and then we could make up for those lost days of sexlessness in November."
"You saidfive weeks, and now you're adding more days?"
"Sorry, butyoudidn't agree to anything yet, nor was the deal inked yet. So... I'll just add, what? Five more days then?"
I clench my jaw so hard that my teeth hurt and my ears ring. "Whatever."
"Cool... That makes the end date—" He glances at his calendar. "Friday, November 11th... But, since I'll be missing out on time with you while you're in class, I'm just gonna go on ahead and make the end date November 13th. That way, I can get another full weekend," he mumbles, scribbling in the new date. "And before you fret, that's non-negotiable."
I huff, shaking my head while I continue examining the updated copy that he just slid over to me. After glancing at the new contract end date, I look at Section III. "Some of theseallowed activitiesare a little outrageous..." I groan. "Like, you don't have to wear a condomat all, and you get to finish in me even if I don't want you to?" I glare at him. "I don't have unprotected sex.Ever. And because I don't, I'm not on birth control."
"Well, you're gonna need to get on it now. Also, there's a reason I put that bit about giving ya money for the morning-after pill until you are."
I shake my head. "Oh," I say pointing at the lastallowedactivity, "and you get to record what we do?"
Scott bobbles his head. "Yup. And as per the confidentiality section, those recordings will be for my eyes only, I promise."
"So... Would I have to agree to all of theactivitiesyou initialed next to?"
"Yup.Every.Single.One. Non-negotiable."
"Unbelievable..."
He shrugs. "Hey, if you don't like it, you don't have to sign it, Olivia. Like I said before, you're not being forced. You can walk whenever you want."
I huff and just stare at the document, skimming it over and over line by line until I zone out and enter an unblinking trance.It's this or jail... Giving my body to this creep every day for six weeks will suck, but jail would suck worse... And at least he promised that he'll let me initiate everything and let me be 'in control' until I'm ready to let him dominate me... because there's no way I could handle getting held down and fucked like a sex doll for just over six weeks.
My heart throttles and dizzying anxiousness overtakes me as my eyes flood with tears.
This is the price for my freedom... And 44 days of being his personal fuck doll is a much smaller price to pay than having my life ruined over some stupid sorority hazing challenge.
Without looking up at Scott, I hold my hand out to him. "Give me a pen please," I mutter through clenched teeth.
"Yeah?" he says excitedly, and I can tell by the sound of his voice that grinning. "You sure?"
I sniffle. "Just give me a pen," I snap.
"Here you go," he says, placing the blue clicky pen on top of the document before me. "And when you're done that, please also sign this NDA. In a nutshell, it says you won't discuss anything about what we talked about here today and that you'll never speak of me hiring a P.I. to bring you in."
"Whatever..." Without delay, I begin initialing beside all the allowed activities that he wrote his initials next to. After that, I initial and date the contraception use agreement section. When I get to the signature line, wipe the tears forming in the corner of my eyes and then glance up at him. "Our verbal agreement... What is it?"
"If you uphold your end of this contract until November 13th, you're 100% absolved for the felony you committed. You have my word that I will never submit the surveillance footage to the authorities and that I'll delete all recordings of you robbing my store last week. And I swear that I won't blackmail you after that." He offers his hand to me. "Deal?"
The last thing I want to do is touch him but, considering his dick will probably be inside of me within the next few minutes, I put the pen down and reluctantly shake his large hand. "Deal," I say just above a whisper. Once he lets go, I pick up the pen and stare at the blank signature line for a good ten seconds. Then, after letting out a long huff, I sign my name and then write the date beside it. After reading the NDA, I do the same. "Here." With my head turned to the right so I don't have to look at him, I push the documents across the desk.
"See, I knew you'd make the smart move!" he says cheerily. In the silence that follows, all I hear is the pen scraping across the desk beneath the page as he signs his name. "Now that that's done..." When his words trail off, I side-eye him as he's grabbing the RealCock 2 dildo from his desk. "Here."
I squint at the brown-skinnedphallus he's holding out to me, my eyes scanning the toy'sfleshthat has realistic veins, texture, and detail down to the wrinkles on its ball sac. If some guy texted me a picture of this thing sticking out of their boxers, I'd without a doubt think it was a real, flesh and blood penis. "Um... What's this for? Is this as a gift for signing the contract?"
Scott snickers and grins menacingly. "Uh... Yes and no... As a way to...break the iceandeaseyou into things, I want you to undress and show me how you'd play with this toy."
My eyes go wide. "Seriously?"
"Yup..." He points at the contract, his finger tapping next to the fourth to last allowed activity. "You agreed to obedience play, right? Well, me telling you what I want and you executing my request is what that looks like... So takethis, strip, and get yourself off like I'm not even here." He wags the sex toy in front of my face, making it flop side to side like an excited dog's tail.
I huff. "Okay..." I curl my fingers around the dong that makes my fair- skin look even lighter by comparison.
As I pull the 6.5-inch-long sex toy from his grip, this dildo's siliconeskinslides along the squishy but firm rubber core beneath it the way a real penis's skin would move around the erect tissue below. That's not the only thing that makes this thing feel so realistic. When I was here last week messing around with the display model, I discovered that this thing's balls even float around the silicone scrotum just like real testes do.
Last week, I couldn't help but fantasize about pleasuring myself with one of these. But now? Now that this creep is forcing me to do so in front of him, it's the last thing in the world I want to do.
Scott rises from his seat. "The longer you sit there trying to psyche yourself up, the longer you're going to be here, Olivia," he says while walking by me. "C'mon. I've got anappointmentaround five o'clock, so lose them clothes and join me on the couch."
My body trembles so badly that the dildo starts flopping around in my grip.Fuck... Fuck me... I can't believe I'm about to masturbate in front of this guy,I think as I rise from my chair.
You can do this, Liv. Sigma Lambda Tau basically prepared you for this, I remind myself, referencing the Sybian interrogation challenge we did the day before the heist.
If you could get off in front of a room full of girls and a bunch of random frat boys, you can do this, Liv...

Chapter 4:
Show Me How You'd Play With This Toy

Scott Bonham | 32
Friday, September 30th
The instant I stroll past Olivia, I grin harder than I ever have in my life—I grin so hard that my cheeks and jaw hurt.I can't believe this whole blackmail plan worked out perfectly,I think while walking across my office.
Along the way, I glance at the bookshelf on my left to make sure the 4K camera I setup earlier is still recording. Since the red light is still blinking, I move her backpack from the couch to the floor, and then, with my gaze fixated on the teary-eyed girl who's still standing by my desk, I flop down onto the cushion closest to the door.
Then again, how could it have not worked out? Of course she'd pick being my sexual servant for nearly six weeks over jail and expulsion from college, especially after I strategically scared her with the extreme gloryhole sentence that I coerced Taylor—A.K.A. Blondie—into serving out last weekend.
"Ah, c'mon, Olivia," I say, flashing her a sympathetic smile. "I hate that you're all distraught and petrified over there... I mean, Icompletelyunderstand that this situation isn't easy for you, and I know it sucks having to perform intimate activities for some stranger, but I'm gonnaneedyou to cheer up and get in character for me, okay? It needs to feel like you're enjoying putting on a show for me. Otherwise, the deal is off." That command comes out sterner than intended.
She nods subtly, sniffling and wiping a lone tear from her cheek.
"That needs to be true for everything we do moving forward too," I continue. "Everysecond of our intimate time from this moment onward has gotta feel like you want it as bad as I do, you understand?"
She nods again. "I understand."
"Good girl! I'll tell ya what... I've gotta send a couple of texts before I start recording, so you have about a minute to muster up a naughty smile and your bestfuck-me-eyesbefore you come over here, alright?"
Her big blue eyes go wide. "Do youhave torecord this? Like, it's already gonna be hard enough using this thing in front of you without a camera being pointed at me," she whimpers in a bit of a southern drawl.
"Yes, I absolutely do," I say, glancing down at my phone and tapping on the message icon. "I mean, how can I not capture such a glorious experience? Besides, there are security cameras in here, remember? So it's not like it wouldn't be filmed anyway." I look back up at her with a smirk.
She bobbles her head like she just had an 'Oh yeah' moment. A beat later, she closes her eyes and sits on the edge of my desk.
As my attention returns to my phone, all I hear is Olivia inhaling deeply only to exhale slowly a moment later.That's right, do your breathwork to calm yourself down, gorgeous,I think while thumbing my message to Private Investigator Jonathan Brady.
My text to him reads: Hey, Jon. Olivia and I have finished our negotiations. It's looking like she'll be out of here by 4:00, so you're all clear to bring in Faith at 5:00.
After tapping send, I open my conversation with my buddy Marty Bateman and get to texting.
Me to Marty: Yo, bro! It's looking like a new girl will be in the booth around 6:00. Get here like 10 min early this time so you can get first dibs!
Well, that's not entirely true.Unlike with Taylor, I'm gonna be the first one to fuck Faith Hanson through the gloryhole. Marty will technically be the first customer to unload in her though.
Out of all my regulars who race here every time they hear a girl is gonna be working the gloryholes, he's the only one who gets a personal text instructing him to arrive early. Because we've basically become brothers since he began frequenting my shop. As for everyone else who I messaged earlier this week to get tested in preparation for Faith Hanson's arrival today, they'll either receive a group text or an email blast about her 6:00 p.m. start time once her sorority sister Olivia has finished satisfying my needs.
Right after hitting send, I open the camera app and then look across the room to find Olivia sitting on the edge of my desk with tear-free eyes, slightly raised brows, and her mouth partially agape—an expression that's less miserable and more pouty in the sexy French model about to take a picture sort of way. And the second she catches me looking, her expression softens even more into somethingcloseto a smile.
A smirk creeps across my face. "That's more like it, Liv," I say as I hit record. "Come on over here, beautiful girl."
This time, my curly-headed sexual servant moves without hesitation, the silicone cock gripped in her hand wagging stiffly with each step. Instead of coming right up to me, she veers off toward the left side of the couch and stops, kicking off her sneakers before turning to face me. She doesn't sit though, she just uses her free hand to hold the opposite sleeve in place while pulling her arm and the hand holding the dildo through. Her waist-length curtain of brown hair rises off her body as she pulls her gray top over her head, and then I finally set my sights on her narrow waist and those perky, A-cup tits with tiny pink nipples.
The boner I've had since she walked into my office throbs in response.Holy hell... It's better than I imagined...
After dropping her shirt on the cushion beside me, she unbuttons her shorts, tucks her thumbs into the waistband, and then starts tugging them and her panties down with a little shimmy that's more innocent than it is erotic—she does all of that without once putting down the dildo. Unfortunately, her crazy long mane drapes down in front of her when she bends over to step out of her bottoms, blocking my view of the pussy reveal. Then, two or three torturous seconds later, she finally stands upright and whips her hair back as she kicks her shorts off to the side, giving me a clear view of her hairless vagina between that perfect thigh gap.
My dick throbs harder than last time.Fuck, she's perfect,I think as I zoom in on the pink inner lips dangling out from between her plump folds.
As she crawls onto the couch, I turn and sit back against the armrest, tracking her with my phone's camera without looking at the screen. I'm probably botching the shot, but this is too magnificent not to witness live. When Olivia finally leans back against the armrest, she brings her knees to her chest and then spreads her legs, prompting me to zoom in on the pink meat curtains protruding from between her bald folds and her tight little entrance that looks too small and tight to even fit my pinky.
My dick spasms over and over like I'm about to cream my jeans already.God... her pussy is literally the most beautiful thing I've ever seen,I think, licking my lips as I look up from my screen to truly take in the glorious sight.This is the best day of my life... Shit, part of me wants to tell her to just straddle me right now instead of toying herself because I need to be balls-deep in that immediately!
With her gaze trained between her legs, Olivia grips the RealCock 2 dildo by the base of the shaft, brings it down to her pussy, and then begins brushing the realistic cockhead up and down against her slit. After a few passes, she uses her other hand to spread her inner lips, pressing those large skin flaps against their respective folds like butterfly wings—like butterfly wings made of big pieces of chewed bubble gum. Now she presses the toy's cockhead against her tight entrance.
"Ahh," she moans quietly.
"Psst," I whisper as quietly as possible. When she looks up at me, I mime clit-rubbing over my crotch and then I make a 'come here' motion with my middle and ring fingers—my way of instructing her to make herself wet first by masturbating.
Olivia doesn't nod, she just looks back down while removing the dildo from between her legs, using her other hand to rub her clit immediately after. A moment later, she shuts her eyes and begins rubbing faster. Her chest heaves as her breathing quickens. Her body squirms ever so often. The hand holding the dildo against her belly squeezes the phallus harder than before. The longer she goes at it, the more ragged and labored her breaths become, and the more her petite body writhes in sweet agony.
"Ah... Ah-mm," she moans quietly a minute into it, her toes curling in her gray socks.
A few rubs later, she stops and then slides her hand lower, her middle finger dragging down her slit until she finally curls it into her entrance. Her other fingers splay out as she slowly inserts the middle digit into her depths.
"Ah..." she sighs out once her finger dips in as deep as it'll go.
A moment later, she retracts her digit at a faster pace than she pushed it in with, and it makes a deliciously wet, creamy noise.
Oh yeah,I think, watching the zoomed-in image of the wet finger leaving her.Fuck...
Olivia's eyes open momentarily as if she's checking how wet she is and, right after her eyelids clamp shut, she slips the finger back in.Schlick-schlick-schlick—that's the sticky, wet noise coming from her flesh pocket with each insertion and withdrawal of her digit. A dozen or so quick pumps later, she pulls out only to slip both her middle and ring fingers into her passage right after.
Schlick-schlick-schlick-schlick!Now that she's using two digits, Olivia's rapid fingering has her vadge making more sticky noises than before.
Barely thirty seconds later, things get even wetter sounding. Not too long after, she begins gushing so much that juices are dripping down into her palm and onto the couch cushion.
Good God... she's ready now,think, lightly tapping on the wall to get her attention.
When she finally opens her eyes, she glances up at me with this shy, sleepy, pleasure-drunk look, and then I point at the dildo.
Without missing a beat, she brings the sex toy between her legs and pushes it against her entrance until the thing's cockhead finally slips into her.
"Ah-mm," she moans while slowly impaling her tight passage with the not-too-girthy dong, her eyelids clamping shut once again. "Mm-HNG..." is the sound she makes when it finally bottoms out.
Just like her fingers did, the realist toy'sskincomes out glistening with her juices when she starts withdrawing it, and it makes a wet sucking sound as it slides out. Right before the dildo's cockhead is about to slip out of her, she jams it back in much quicker this time. The sticky, creamy sound it makes going back in drives me absolutely mad.
In and out, in and out—her pussy schlicks with each somewhat moderately-paced pump. Much like when she began pleasuring herself, Olivia's breathing quickens, her body writhes restlessly, and quiet groans of pleasure rattle in her throat.
"Uh-mm," she moans, her thighs suddenly clenching around her hand and wrist as though her body is forcing her to stop the stimulation.
Since there's no way I can watch Olivia get herself off anymore without unzipping my pants and jerking it, I stop recording before she starts up again and slip my phone back into my pocket. "Hey," I say breathlessly like I was doing something other than just sitting here.
Her eyes open halfway, and the flushed-faced girl glances up at me with that same pleasure-drunk look as before, the hand trapped between her trembling legs still keeping the dildo buried deep in her cavity.
"That's enough," I whisper, kicking off my shoes. "You did an amazing job, which is why I can't keep watching you play anymore... I need you to ride me now, Olivia. Come ride merightnow."
A preview of what's to come in the next post (~5/22/23) (Don't read the preview below if you wanna be pleasantly surprised):
Chapter 5: Scott sits back and lets his new sex slave do all the work.
Chapter 6: Olivia processes the trauma of what just happened in Boudoir Plus's back office while also suffering through a new form ofstickytorture.
Chapter 7: Olivia's Saturday morning is ruined when she gets a text from her master saying that she's needed for someearly morning contractual fulfillment...