This story is dedicated to Peter with many thanks.
*
Christie stirred in a tangle of candy pink sheets, one dainty foot stretching toward the edge of the bed. When her toes struck something solid and warm, her subconscious gradually relinquished control, as she started awake.
Struggling to a sitting position, she stared down at the pale and nude body of Jacob through the flicker and strobe of bluish lightning from the rumbling storm.
Like being enveloped by a warm voluptuous mist, her thoughts and flesh recalled the pleasures of the evening. Of steamy and demanding kisses, intense urging by her lover with each act to which she submitted, and of orgasms so all-encompassing she thought she'd cry from pleasure.
He slept on his side with his back toward her, his hair beautifully tousled. With great care, she leaned a bit closer to inhale the clean soapy scent of his skin, the movement inciting a sore throb between her legs.
The clock on her dresser indicated it was four thirty in the morning as the lulling rain beat against the glass in a gentle rhythm. Christie crawled to the end of the bed, swinging one long leg over the footboard, then carefully climbing out, pausing to listen to Jacob's slow even breaths.
Gliding silently to the closet, she reached in to retrieve her ivory terry robe, slipping it on then creeping out into the hall, soundlessly closing the door behind her as she went.
A loud volley of thunder vibrated the walls, followed by a silvery flash of lightning that lit up the living room and part of the hall. Tiptoeing into the bathroom, Christie steeled herself for the brightness of the vanity bulbs above the sink as she placed a fingertip on the light switch.
With a casual lift of her index finger, the blonde narrowed her eyes to brace for the brightness as she stood by the countertop. Before she did, a muffled moans from Amber's room caught her ear. Christie paused, sucking in a tremulous breath, the blissful sound penetrating her sleepy mind and fanning the smoldering coals of lust Jacob had ignited a mere few hours ago.
With an embarrassed and self-conscious shrug, she crept surreptitiously closer to her roommate's closed bedroom door. A brief bit of memory came back to her; Jacob informing her that Amber had left with a few men who didn't speak English. A few? I'm already sore and was only with one man, Christie mused to herself as she stood a mere couple feet away from Amber's room.
It certainly wouldn't be Christie's first time catching Amber inflagrante delicto. Though she hated to admit it, Amber couldn't be more her polar opposite and had an enviable way with men. Amber reveled in her boldness and forward nature, wearing them like a skintight red dress. With the right smile or toss of her glossy hair, she had won many a man, even some who had, until meeting the simmering sexpot, sworn their allegiance to another woman.
Chilly air enveloped Christie, stiffening her nipples under the soft fabric. With a naughty shiver, she slipped her hands beneath the garment to palm her breasts, the warm caress against her nipples only arousing her more.
If Amber felt as good as Christie did right now, she could begin to understand why her room mate dedicated herself to getting sex at least five times a week; the euphoria that settled in after a good fuck certainly had addictive potential. Not that her dear and sweet Jake had ever been a slouch in bed... But Jacob with his cool clear gaze and talented fingers had reduced her to a wanton and wet tigress in a matter of minutes.
Another breathy moan brought Christie back to the present, and the naughty little nymph Jacob had loosed took over. Two small steps closer and Christie heard the telltale creaking of bedsprings. One more determined stride and Christie turned to rest her ear against the doorjamb, hearing the distinct slapping of flesh against flesh accompanied by a soft murmur by one of Amber's guests.
Christie felt warmth suffusing her cheeks and ears. But more than that, as the tempo picked up behind the door, she felt a familiar clenching and throbbing between her legs.
"What's gotten into you?" Christie chastised herself in a whisper, tightly pressing her thighs together and knowing it was more a question of who'd gotten into her, awakening the dormant creature of lust hidden far back in her heart.
One of Amber's boy toys moaned aloud, and before she fully realized what she was doing, Christie let two petal soft fingertips slipped between the gap of her robe, gently stroking the trimmed golden curls of her mound. With a sigh, she leaned further back against the door frame, splaying her legs a bit to give her fingers easier access, her other hand still gently pinching her erect nipples in turn.
A sheet of rain pelted the living room window as Christie delicately dipped her fingers into her hot folds, using the slippery nectar to rub tight circles around her clitoris. Breathing in shallow puffs, she closed her eyes as the action behind Amber's door picked up.
Amber moaned more freely now, and was accompanied by at least two men, though Christie wasn't certain precisely what they could be doing nor the configurations that would be required. Lashes fluttering, she closed her eyes, lost in trying to ponder the tawdry scenario and reliving the delicious phantom feel of Jacob's cock deep inside where she craved him the most.
A subcutaneous fire raged over Christie's entire body, and soon she was oblivious to the chill in the air. Pausing long enough to shrug out of her robe, she returned her hands to their work, her breath escaping in short little pants. Just the light contact of her fingertip against her engorged nether lips made her wince, and when she began to apply a little more pressure to her tiny bud of pleasure, she had to bite back a groan. Amber's moans became strangely muffled, and in Christie's feverish mind, the reason for that particular change was abundantly clear.
"Oh my God..." She breathed, her smooth back and shapely bottom bearing her weight, as she grew closer to reaching a frenzied and sticky climax. Pulse roaring in her ears and lips slightly parted in sheer ecstasy, she vicariously felt each thrust and could almost taste the smooth and rich taste of a painfully erect cock.
"Do you know how fucking hot you look right now?" The whisper was a mere few inches from Christie's left ear. Christie flinched, sinking her teeth into her lower lip to stifle a squeak of surprise. Her eyes flew open to see Jacob, dramatically painted in shadows, standing right beside her and just as gloriously nude. He was also very erect, the pale length of his cock visible in the low light. She hadn't even heard him open the bedroom door.
Christie opened her mouth to speak, but Jacob only stepped closer, slipping his sinewy arms about her waist, tilting his lips down toward hers as he crushed her wrist between them. With a fruitless effort to remove her hand, she winced as Jacob nibbled her lower lip. "How quiet do you think we can be, angel?" He murmured, nuzzling her throat as he fell to his knees. Sure hands gripped her wrists to pull her along, and then cupped her head as she fell onto her back beneath his lithe body.
Toppling her back on the floor, his body crushed hers against the carpet. One of his hands closed around hers, patting her curled fingers, wordlessly indicating that he wanted her to keep stroking her clit. Opening her eyes, she gazed up at his face, his own bright eyes watching the dueling emotions of anxiety and euphoria playing across her delicate features.
"We can't..." Christie's frantic whisper only inflamed Jacob's desires, and he let go of her hand and reached down to press his cock against the damp heat of her pussy.
"Yes. We can." The self-assuredness and certainty in his voice made her shiver.
Christie gasped, nipping his tongue as he returned to kissing her trembling lips. He could feel the slight brush of her knuckles against his pelvis, and her breaths grew shorter and shallower as she began to writhe beneath him. Jacob hungrily plunged his tongue deep into Christie's mouth, only allowing the tip of his cock to press against her dewy canal as their own breathing grew more frantic in tandem with the moans coming from Amber's room.
"Please Jacob." Her words were an urgent plea against his ear as her legs lifted to wrap around his compact ass. "Please put it inside me. I'm so close."
"Not yet, sugar. Keep going."
Feeling as if she might combust from the fiery need racing through her veins, Christie let out a choked whimper as her fingertips moved more rapidly, the subtle sound barely audible over Amber's impassioned exclamations. Jacob teased her hungry sex by allowing he to slip in an inch or two, and then withdraw to rub lightly over her juicy slit. The cool clench of her free hand against his left shoulder was all the indication he needed as breathy moans tried to escape her closed lips.
"That's it." Jacob's arms went around her in a tight embrace as she tensed, his cock plunging into her slippery pussy to slam hard against her womb.
Totally entwined and lost in each other's passion, they fucked with a ferocity which rivaled their earlier encounters. The necessity to remain quiet was a potent aphrodisiac; Christie's nails digging into his shoulders as she pulled her honeyed fingers away from her throbbing pussy.
She exhaled a trembling sigh, her breath shaky with the force of Jacob's thrusts, his lips pressed to her throat. The churning embrace of her muscles soon became too much to resist, and after a couple painfully hard thrusts which made her gasp, he exploded inside her, their lips meeting in an urgent kiss. The air around them cooled the perspiration on their skin, and in silence, Jacob got to his feet and pulled Christie to standing by her hands, taking her back into the bedroom and quietly closing the door behind them.
**
"I was going to round up your Prince Charming to kiss you awake in a couple minutes!" Amber giggled as Christie stumbled out of her bedroom in tight black Capri pants and a pink halter-top. "Whoa. Can you walk?"
The blonde offered a sleepy smile, went to the fridge to grab a bottle of water, and then snagged an apple out of the fruit bowl to nibble as she flopped back on the sofa.
"In all honesty," Christie began, taking a dainty bite of the fruit. "I'm not exactly fit to run a marathon today."
Amber exploded with laughter, her hands covering her face as she fell against the arm of the love seat.
"He said he'd be back after he got some work done today. I guess he was supposed to write up a piece about the Greek festival last night... But oddly enough he never got around to it." She winked at her friend, then the irrepressible smile returned to her kissable lips. "He's fucking gorgeous, girl! If you hadn't gotten it on with him, I would have slapped you!"
Christie chewed contemplatively as her mind went back to the wee hours of morning. Of Jacob fucking her mercilessly on her hands and knees as he stood beside the bed, of long tender kisses at each of the deserted intersections on the way to his apartment, and lastly of his vibrant green gaze as he'd captured her in one more tight squeeze beside the car in the parking lot as he nibbled her throat, his unkempt black hair tickling her jaw.
The trip back home as the eastern sky grew brighter had felt surreal. Her body was enveloped in the most delicious ache, and she desperately wanted nothing more than a long hot shower and some sleep.
"I haven't seen you smile like that in months." Amber's serious tone brought Christie back, and the brunette's own warm smile was as comforting as an embrace. "I told you it would be a good time."
"All right. You told me so. There. I've saved you the trouble of saying it." Christie blushed, taking a long sip from her water, her mind drifting while imagining the feel of Jacob's kisses.
"Well I'm going to meet Michelle and Toni for lunch and a little shopping. I'll be back around five. You have fun and do everything I'd do when he comes over."
"I don't know if I could survive doing everything you'd do." Amber shot her a playful smirk, nodding as she sprang to her feet.
"You're probably right. But give it some time. That boy has a really naughty little smile and those eyes... You're going to have fun with that man."
**
The gentle rain falling outside made Christie doubly glad to be inside. She had finished painting her toenails and sat with her feet propped on the coffee table waiting for the polish to dry. Occasionally, she glanced at the tiny drops that fell from the monochrome sky, mesmerized by their beauty as they carried a gray reflection with them before impact.
The unintended amount of sleep she'd had today left her feeling mentally refreshed though her body protested with every movement. Now as she sat in the warm golden glow of lamplight, she wrote furiously in her journal.
There was something more meditative and tangible about keeping a diary on paper. To Christie, it seemed more personal and heartfelt, and though she tried keeping one using her computer's word processor program, it just felt foreign and wrong.
Detailing yesterday's events down to her exhausted collapse into bed alone at nearly six that morning, she had to agree with Amber. How far she'd come in the space of a few hours. For the first time, she felt no urge to flip back to the beginning of the journal. No desperate desire to seek some sort of cathartic transformation by rereading the pain and horror of her unexpected loss a year ago. And in yet another first in months, her heart felt light and thoughts of what was still to come replaced those of what might have been.
Christie put the white leather bound book aside and examined the pearly pink enamel on her toenails. It complemented her tanned skin beautifully, and she thought it would look especially fetching on Amber. But then again, what didn't look fetching on-
The chirp of their apartment phone startled Christie out of her thoughts, making her nearly kick over the bottle of polish. She picked up the black cordless phone and pushed the TALK button, watching as soot colored clouds rolled in on a strengthening wind.
"Hello?" Christie said distractedly, watching a car splash through a puddle in the street, water fanning up in great plumes as it raced out of sight.
"Hi gorgeous. Do you like Indian cuisine?" Jacob's voice was a smooth purr, the tone alone igniting restless desire in her loins as she blushed to the roots of her hair.
"Yes." She replied, nervously wiggling her toes.
"Would you like to come over for dinner? I'm nearly through with this article and would love some company. I don't have a room mate so we have endless options, places, and positions to explore if you're up for it."
From a very early age, Christie's mother had warned her about making herself too accessible to boys. In her teens, she had been an unintentional cock tease, never going any further than letting a boy put his hand up her shirt for fear of earning the humiliating label of being "easy".
The obedient daughter and respectable young woman in her railed against the blossoming seductress Jacob had brought to the fore. Even when she had finally agreed to make love to Jake, her deceased love to whom she'd given her virginity, it had taken four months of foreplay, justifications to placate her conscience, a bottle and a half of wine and a lot of kissing and cuddling.
But this new relationship had only required the seductive properties of a warm and rainy night. Combined with the skilled teasing of a mysterious lover who could enchant with a look and completely disarm with a caress, her determination to go home alone had all but vanished. Lay to waste with a stumble righted by a strong embrace.
It seemed to her as if her conscience and libido had been dueling for ages, and the fighting had transformed into licentious unity with the ultimate goal of transforming her from decent and respectable to debauched and dirty. Worst of all, she loved the shift more than she ever imagined possible. While she had felt conflicted sitting under the stars with her intriguing new lover, every touch by Jacob's hands only affirmed her desire for more.
"Sure." She acquiesced; hoping the tremor throughout her entire body didn't carry over to her voice. "What time?"
"Give me half an hour to get this finished. Do you remember how to get here?"
**
Amber returned home as blue patches of sky fought the rain, the feeble washed out sunlight behind them making a blotchy patchwork of the dissipating gray clouds. Quiet as she could, she cracked the front door expecting to return to the same performance as last night. When she was only greeted by silence, she ventured in and shut the door.
On the accent table by the phone laid a sheet of Christie's pink stationary framed with yellow roses and dragonflies. Amber picked it up, her smile broadening as she read the words penned in Christie's flowery script.
"Be back later," Amber read aloud, happiness and relief making her own heart light. "I don't think so, Christie."
**
One last look in the rear view mirror and Christie pulled her keys from the ignition. The woman looking back at her was barely recognizable. It had been months since she'd put so much work into her looks, and it felt wonderful and terrifying all at once.
Stepping out of the car in her black high heels, she straightened the hem of her black silk dress and reached back to adjust the strap around her neck. Her perfumed hair had been pinned up, leaving a couple curled tendrils by her ears, and she had even put on her favorite parfum; a more sultry and glamorous fragrance than what she wore for every day.
Rain water puddle and glistened on the concrete, the earthy smell of damp macadam and dirt a familiar and vaguely pleasant aura hanging in the humid air. Christie clutched her purse to settle her nerves as she stepped up on the sidewalk toward the entrance of Jacob's apartment.
The determined stride she'd used so far broke as she confronted the panel of labeled buttons. Cars sloshed by on the busy street behind her, and she became acutely aware of the sounds made by the rain running out of downspouts and her own thudding heart.
The paralysis broke when she thought of Jacob waiting for her in his apartment. With only a moment's hesitation, she reached up to press the button next to his apartment number.
"Come up." Smooth as velvet, his voice drove away all her trepidation as the automatic lock on the door released. With one last glance around the parking lot, Christie slipped inside, her heels echoing loudly off the tiled floor.
When she climbed the last flight of stairs, Jacob stood in the doorway to his apartment. Wearing that tranquil expression which belied the passion simmering just under the surface, he beckoned her closer with one pale hand. With a bashful smile, she traversed the distance between them, roses blooming in her cheeks.
"Hi." The mouth-watering aroma of chicken curry grew stronger as she approached, Jacob waiting for her entry before he closed the door.
"Hello again."
The apartment was gorgeous, and when Jacob returned from the kitchen to hand her long stemmed white rose, she felt overwhelmed by the romantic gesture combined with the dreamy atmosphere.
Heavy curtains, elegant furnishings, and candle light all combined with the subtle aroma of dinner and the dreamy musky scent of incense for a multi-sensory seduction.
"You look beautiful." Jacob said softly, stepping closer to take the rose from her fingers, brushing her cheek with the puckered ivory bud. "Black suits you."
"Thank you. The rose is lovely." Christie was nervous and felt extremely out of her element. The surroundings combined with Jacob's gentle stroking of her cheek made her knees feel weak.
"Come on. Let's have some dinner."
Taking her by the hand, he led her further into the living room and then to a small dining area. Fragrant red taper candles burned in a wrought iron holder and a matching cloth draped the table. Two place settings were meticulously arranged, and he led her to a chair, pulling it out for her to sit down.
"How did your article turn out?" Christie asked, feeling the need to make casual conversation in the hopes that it would distract her libido. Jacob turned down the music, the current song full of melodic guitars and entrancing vocals.
"Pretty well I'd say," She watched him enter the kitchen for a moment before returning with a bottle of wine and a couple glasses. "Did you have sweet dreams? You were out like Sleeping Beauty when I left."
"I don't remember."
"Really?"
Jacob uncorked the wine and poured them each a glass, then brought out the curry. Their eyes met as he served her first, and he offered a knowing smile before moving away to spoon some of the spicy rice dish onto his own plate.
"You look beautiful when you're sleeping." He stated, raising his fork to take a bite. "I had to exercise great restraint when I got out of bed. It was just so tempting to bend over, kiss you, and see where things went from there. Especially if you don't remember what happened in them. We'll have to work on making sure they're so sweet they linger for days."
"Are you always such a flirt?" Christie laughed, admiring the effect of flickering candle flames on his face. "I'm a heavy sleeper. Don't sell yourself short. I had a wonderful night."
"Well then, here's to another wonderful night." Jacob raised his glass in a toast and she gently raised hers, the two meeting with a soft chime of crystal.
"To another wonderful night."
Conversation began to flow more naturally as they ate, and Christie found herself relaxing with a little help from the wine and Jacob's witty sense of humor. She was so comfortable in fact that she finished her dinner; something she rarely did in front of a date.
"How do you feel about Mayan chocolate ice cream?" Jacob asked, peering into the freezer. "I fell asleep during French pastry class in school." Christie laughed, getting to her feet to carry the dinner plates into the kitchen.
"That's one of my favorite flavors." She beamed, putting down the plates then walking behind him to slip her arms around his waist. "Amber and I-"
A brisk knock at the door startled Christie and she jumped, her breasts pressing against Jacob's back.
"Just a minute." He said, pecking her cheek and making his way to the door as another burst of knocking began. "Hello Sophie. I didn't think you'd be up before dark."
"I told you I'd bring you a ticket to my exhibition today. And low and behold, it's still today, so here I am." A sultry voice replied from the hall, and Jacob smiled with amusement as he stepped back, allowing the owner of the voice entry.
When the lady stepped into the dimly lit living room, Christie knew that she had been more than just a casual acquaintance. Sophie was Jacob's female alter ego down to the piercings and hair color. Though her hair was very long with a soft wave to it, and her body was enviably curvaceous. She had bright blue almond shaped eyes with sculpted cheekbones, a fine little nose, and darkly painted lips that looked positively luscious against her fair skin. Dressed in a red blouse with black jacket and skirt, it was clear she tried her best to conform to proper business attire as long as one could overlook the brow piercing, sparkling diamond nose stud, and several silver hoops that curved around her left earlobe. Her long hair concealed the right.
"Christie? This is my friend Sophie. She works for the art gallery downtown. Sophie? This is Christie."
Sophie's hand was pale and warm, and she gave Christie a firm enough handshake without trying to be too assertive or matter of fact.
"A pleasure to meet you." Sophie smiled, the look softening her features a bit and making them less dramatic. "Anyone who can live through Jacob's ridiculously spicy curry is a friend of mine. We can swap survivor stories from the time I was dumb enough to try his Thai food."
"I'm really feeling the love, Sophie." Jacob laughed, returning to dishing up dessert as Sophie took Christie's hand, leading her in to sit on the lush crimson velvet sofa.
"I'm sorry to barge in on the two of you." Sophie apologized, running a hand through the lustrous black curtain of her hair, pushing the soft waves back over her shoulders. The gesture only amplified her considerable cleavage and Christie noticed she wore a lovely cameo pendant. "I had no idea Jacob would have company. He never tells me anything."
"If you'd stop talking long enough to listen, I'd tell you more." Jacob retorted with a smile, bringing in two small bowls of ice cream for the ladies, and then returning with his wine.
"Well if you'd told me you had a guest over, I would have brought more tickets. I'll just bring you another the next time I stop by."
"Thanks for the warming." Jacob smirked.
Christie sat back against the sofa not exactly sure how to insert herself into the conversation. The familiarity between these two was fun to observe, but her thoughts were primarily on how badly she wanted him to come ravage her where she sat. Unable to help but smile, she was astounded by the depths of carnal hunger that assailed her body and mind.
"Where did you meet?"
The question was directed at Christie, who hurriedly cleared her head to answer Sophie.
"At the Greek festival down town."
"I missed it this year." Sophie sighed. "I had to stay late at the gallery. But I usually make it a point to try and attend. There's always next year."
"How did the two of you meet?" Christie asked in what she hoped would sound like a casual tone. But she already had a very good idea how the two met, thinking of Jacob's nipple ring and the explanation he gave for how it got there.
"We went to school together," Jacob replied as he sipped his wine. "I met her in my philosophy class and got to know her when she was working at a tattoo parlor. She did all of mine except my ankh."
"I had to pay for college somehow." Sophie smiled, gesturing to Jacob. "He has a body modification addiction, I think."
"They are beautiful," Christie blushed, recalling all the ink on her lover's skin as she'd helped him strip. "Do you have any of your own?"
"Oh yes. I've got a lot. Kyle, my friend at the shop, did a lot of them for free. I've got one that's my favorite. Here..."
Sophie got to her feet and slipped off her jacket. Then, without a pause, she unbuttoned her blouse, unfastened her bra, and tossed both items on the sofa as she whirled to show Christie her back, brushing her hair aside. Extending from her right shoulder blade and curving down to her narrow waist, a slender black dragon entwined with a long stemmed red rose. The detailing was exquisite and Christie couldn't help staring at the contrast of her porcelain skin with the dark ink.
"Wow. That's gorgeous." She breathed, taking a bite of her ice cream. "It almost makes me want one." Sophie turned toward her, pointing to her navel and tugging down the hem of her skirt. The woman's firm full breasts with their pale nipples held Christie's eyes. Feeling her face grow even redder, she lowered her eyes to the small pair of cherries attached by their stems just above the band of Sophie's skirt.
"Well if you ever want one, I can hook you up. I have a friend who does great work. This was my first. I got it when I was fourteen. My boyfriend did body mods and I thought it would be cute." She laughed nervously, pulling up her skirt.
Christie got to her feet to go pick up her own glass of wine, returning to the sofa as Sophie put on her bra. Jacob sat in his wing-backed chair, watching the two women with a distant expression in his eyes, his glass nearly empty. There was an enigmatic look in Christie's gray eyes, and from the determined set of her shoulders, Jacob guessed whatever she was pondering wasn't in keeping with her innocent personality and demure disposition.
"Excuse me." Christie said, finishing her wine in a rather unladylike series of sips. "Jacob? Where's your bathroom?"
"This way." He got up, taking her hand and leading her through the dining room and down a short hall.
"Are you all right? You're blushing, princess." Christie's eyes were wide and a little distant as she offered a tenuous smile.
"It must be the curry." She declared, looking up into his eyes.
"The curry," Jacob repeated softly, gently pulling her into the darkened room. Without warning, he caught her by the shoulders, pushing her up against the wall next to the door, his mouth finding hers to indulge in her wine flavored kiss.
Holding Christie was like holding a live wire. She writhed and wiggled against him with desperate need, her tongue parrying with his briefly before boldly challenging his tongue as she pushed hers into his mouth, her breath almost as rapid as her heartbeat. The fluid silk of her dress moved enticingly over her hot flesh, and when he cupped her ass to pull it close to his stiff cock, she moaned with avarice. Cool fingertips tangled in his hair, her nails gently raking down his back, driving a shiver throughout his body.
"I know you like me to be totally honest about what I want. Right at this very second, I want you so badly," Christie whispered urgently against his ear, her breasts pressed against his chest. The pressure against her painfully erect nipples was delicious. "I don't care if we have to hurry, Jacob. I need you so much right now." Hot kisses burned their way down her throat as Jacob squeezed her tight, inhaling her perfume and intoxicated by the softness of her skin.
"Mmm, baby doll. I'll have to make curry more often." She frantically kissed his smiling lips as she slid further along the wall until her ass bumped the countertop.
Blindly shoving aside a couple bottles, Christie paused, lifting her skirt to shove her black bikini panties down. They tangled around one of her shoes and she hurriedly kicked them off. In the faint light, she could see the same fierce desire in Jacob's eyes as he stepped closer to stand between her splayed thighs. She wasn't sitting high enough to make fucking here a practicality, but that could wait.
Their eyes locked and her heart raced as she felt a fingertip push against her wet folds. Another joined it. The delicious pressure of two fingers easing inside her was enough to make her shiver. Still holding his gaze, Christie let out a trembling sigh as his other hand caressed her thigh for a moment before his index finger glided over her clit, her slippery secretions making the sensation more delicious.
Neither one thought about Sophie at that moment. They were so intent on looking into one another's eyes, even as they began to kiss, that she was able to approach the bathroom totally unnoticed. Standing near the linen closet, she was at just the right angle to see Jacob's back and Christie's legs extending on either side of his hips. With a knowing smile, she walked silently back to the dining room to bring the bottle of wine to the coffee table. Then, she went into the kitchen, opening the pantry to find another. Jacob was always well stocked with wine. Being his lover for a year and a half had allowed Sophie to know not only which positions and acts he preferred above all others, but mundane details like his favorite variety of wine or preference for strawberry jam over grape. With a mischievous smile, she carried another unopened bottle of wine and corkscrew back into the living room, and then sat down to finish her ice cream and wait.
Christie worked her hips as she fucked Jacob's fingers, her eyes closed. Surrendering completely to the amazing sensation of pressure against a certain part of her tight pussy, she had never known such a strange and intense form of stimulation, though his ability to make something so simple as fingering feel so damned good didn't surprise Christie in the least. It was acute and almost frightening, and when combined with the rapid strokes he gave her clit, she was all but whimpering against his chest, her arms locked tightly around his neck.
"You're so sweet, Christie..." Jacob murmured, kissing her hair. "So tight and so sweet. I can't wait to push my cock inside you."
With a gasp, Christie bit his pierced nipple through his shirt as she came, her muscles contracting rapidly around his fingers as she bathed them in a torrent of her hot nectar. He moaned through closed lips, fucking her hard with his hands until her orgasm subsided. The kiss she gave him was more languorous now that her immediate need had been staunched, and he kissed her with even more need than before, slowly withdrawing his fingers and lips as she slid down to her feet, bending to pick up her panties.
Sophie had turned up the music and was peering out the window at the golden sunset, the sky clear from clouds and the sunlight shimmering in the many puddles and pools left by the storm. When Christie returned to the living room to take a seat on the sofa, Sophie tried to hide a knowing smile.
"I love your dress." She began as she crossed the room to sit by the blonde. Sunlight reflected the brilliant gold of Christie's hair and illuminated the contrast of the black dress and her fair skin. "It looks really nice on you."
"Thank you." Christie replied, pouring herself another glass of wine. "I like your outfit too."
The girls made idle chatter for a few minutes until Jacob returned, immediately helping himself to more wine. He desperately wanted a cigarette, but thought that would only make their mutual absence more obvious to Sophie, who was too clever and probably already knew what they'd been doing. The surprise visit from his friend and former lover didn't seem to bother Christie at all. The two sat talking and finishing their ice cream while they sipped their wine, flitting from topic to topic as if they'd known each other for years.
A soft smile in her dancing gray eyes told Jacob Christie hadn't forgotten why she had originally come over. She was probably enjoying the build up of tension, unaware that his cock had remained rock hard since their bathroom encounter and showed no signs of flagging.
They were into their third bottle of wine by the time night fell dark and impenetrable over the city. Sophie and Christie were discussing painters and their art preferences, and somewhere within the last half an hour, Jacob became aware of Sophie's subtle attempts at seducing his lover.
Christie kicked off her heels and now sat with her feet curled under her as she leaned against the sofa, her expression one of interest as Sophie recounted a recent trip to Paris.
"I can't believe you got to stay there for so long! How did you afford it?" Christie asked, blinking in surprise.
"I had a friend there and we just worked in the tourist stuff around our stay together."
"How romantic! Did you kiss him at the top of the Eiffel Tower?"
"Yes. Audrey took me there the day I arrived. She had so much energy... I don't think we ever just spent a day in her flat."
"Oh." Christie was taken aback, lowering her eyes as she blushed. "Sorry. I presumed..."
"No problem." Sophie consoled as she laid a hand over Christie's for an instant. "You know us artsy types. Living for experience and all that. I don't really prefer one sex over the other. To me, it's like asking if I'd rather have wine or champagne. They're both delicious in different ways." A spark of realization flickered briefly in Christie's eyes, but then she gently shook her head, lifting her glass to take a sip.
"It took us hours when dining out because Sophie can't make up her mind about anything. Even what she wants at a restaurant." Jacob said, getting up from his chair to join the girls on the sofa. He sat beside Christie, who moved closer to Sophie to make room.
**
Multifarious topics came and went, but as the hour grew late, Christie had settled against Jacob's side. They exchanged stolen kisses as Sophie excused herself for a moment, and though the wine relaxed her, Christie couldn't resist Jacob's hand as it slid up her side to palm her breast through her dress. Lost in the sweetness of his mouth, she willingly fell into his embrace, not caring when he reached up to pull the pins from her hair. It cascaded over his arms as he held her close, the intoxicating floral bouquet of her perfume only adding to the sensory overload Christie's body caused.
The music lent itself to the dreamy atmosphere, and Jacob's kiss grew more charged as he began to lay Christie back on the sofa. Just as he did, the cushion behind Christie shifted and she fell back against Sophie. When a second set of arms reached up to cradle her against the warmth and softness of a full bosom, Christie broke the kiss to gaze first into Jacob's eyes, and then tilt her head to look up into the brunette's face.
"You're so beautiful," Sophie whispered, stroking Christie's cheek. "I won't touch you if you don't want. But I'd really love to watch or just hold you if you'd let me."
"There you go trying to steal away my girl, Sophie." Jacob's smile was soft as he tightened his arms around Christie. "Trouble on heels. Just like old times."
Sophie offered an appealing pout. Christie's mind raced and she tried to figure out how things had changed from a cozy conversation to laying in another woman's arms. But though the logical part of her mind tried through its inhibited capacity to dissect the situation, it was rapidly being shoved aside by the demanding sensualist that longed to take over.
"Did you plan this little scheme Jacob? Or was it just coincidence that your bisexual friend just happened to stop by?" Sophie nuzzled Christie's brow.
"Nope. I had no idea he had company. But when I saw you... Well I was definitely jealous of Jacob."
"I can't believe the last two days of my life." Christie sighed torn between confusion and the anticipation of new experience as she closed her eyes. "Damn it. What have you done to me?" A soft laugh from him as she closed her eyes.
"Not everything I'd like to do. Well yet, anyway."
The golden glow of candlelight and exotic perfume of incense only served to set a sensually charged atmosphere. Sophie slipped out from behind Christie to undress as Jacob pulled her dress up and off then took off her panties. She wasn't wearing a bra under the dress given its cut and low back. Her unbound breasts were so pert and beautiful. Jacob longed to spend minutes just kissing them alone. He hurriedly undressed as well, settling on top of her to kiss and suck her nipples as she closed her eyes, tracing her fingertips up and down his spine.
"Come here, Christie." Sophie whispered, resuming her position behind the blonde, laying back on some large throw pillows then cradling Christie's back against her breasts, her legs stretching out on either side of the blonde's shapely hips.
"I want to be inside you so much." Jacob murmured, kissing Christie's throat. "Do you want that, angel?"
"Yes." Christie breathed, feeling one of Sophie's hands slide up over her shoulder to gently pinch her right nipple. Her other hand slid down Christie's back, the intent very obvious. "I want you to fuck me, Jacob. Please." She brought her lips to his and wrapped her fingertips around the hot hard length of his cock as Sophie's mouth sought the tender skin below Christie's left ear.
"You're such a naughty little angel..." Jacob breathed. "Lay still."
Jacob parted Christie's legs, placing one up along the back of the sofa as he leaned into her, kissing her nipples while the head of his cock pushed, hot and insistent, inside her drenched pussy. Christie winced, Sophie shushing her as the three gave in to urgent kisses and frantic pleasure.
Jacob's hands held her hips in place as he slammed deep inside her, the warm crush of Sophie's breasts and press of her forearm against Christie's back an erotic addition to the almost painful pressure of his cock filling and stretching her with every rapid thrust.
The moment hung perfect and balanced. Sophie was working herself toward an orgasm that was building with alarming speed. Jacob had slowed to prolong the bliss of fucking Christie, the swollen head of his cock only offering shallow strokes as he gently caressed her clit, and Christie reveling completely in being enveloped by warm kisses and caresses and feeling as if she could burst from sensations that bordered on being too passionate and overwhelming.
"You're so gorgeous Christie." Sophie breathed as the blonde moaned against Jacob's shoulder, her hips working rapidly as she hung on the edge for a split second.
"Come for me." Jacob whispered as Christie tensed, her cry of release sending Sophie into a throbbing climax all her own. Jacob kept up slow shallow strokes, feeling the contractions of Christie's pussy squeeze his cock almost to bursting.
When she floated back to herself with a trembling sigh, he began to pound her tender flesh, Christie lost in the double embrace, as Jacob's own shuddering breaths and soft groans foreshadowed his release.
"Stay inside me." Christie panted, arching her back to meet each slam of his hips. "Stay, Jacob."
"Oh fuck..." Sophie gasped as another orgasm surged throughout her body like an electrical charge.
Christie's cries filled the air as Jacob caught her by the shoulders, pinning her down as his hot cock slid in and out of her with frantic speed before he winced, closing his eyes as the thick length began to throb and twitch inside Christie, the hot spill of his release filling her to overflowing.
**
Sophie kissed Christie's cheek as the three stood by the door.
"I'll see you around, sweetie." Sophie whispered, brushing Christie's hair out of her eyes while taking in every inch of the girl's nude body. "If you two ever want company, just let me know."
"Okay." Christie agreed, taking Jacob's hand. "You'll have to come over for dinner one of these nights."
"I'd love to. I'll just bring the antacids." Sophie kissed Christie's lips, than Jacob's, and with a soft smile of her own, she turned and headed for the stairs.
Standing together under the shower a few minutes later, they kissed and touched each other with a gentleness born out of momentarily quenched passions.
"You know," Christie began, using some of Jacob's shampoo to work her hair into a thick lather. "If this keeps up, we may find ourselves in a game of one-upmanship with Amber, and she's got years of experience on me."
"Well there's only so much we can do in a day, my love. Amber probably wouldn't believe you if you told her what we did anyway. Who can say with you quiet, good little girls. I'll keep your secret if you want."
Reveling in the present, the past not even at the periphery of her thoughts, Christie smiled as she rested her head against his shoulder. She'd missed the warmth and radiance of the sun, and felt like she'd emerged from months of dark seclusion like Persephone returning to the promise of spring.
"What secret? I want to shout it from the rooftops. Thank you, Jacob."
"For what?" He asked, brushing a bead of water from his long lashes.
"For being you and teaching me who I am." He kissed her soapy brow, the subtle nudge of his hardening cock against her hip making her smile as well.
"Any time, Christie. The feeling is mutual." They clung together under the shower, rinsing each other clean. And clean was just how Christie felt when they stepped from the shower to towel off. Clean and free, but captured in Jacob's warm embrace, which felt better than Heaven ever could.