( Note : Somehow the first version of this was copied twice and neither I nor the Mods noticed it. Sorry for the inconvenience, and thank you all for offering a good rating considering the error. Have a good holiday. )
Christina Holly was a lonely soul, her man always on the road as a long distance Truck driver. It was nothing for her man Dixon to be on the west coast for three weeks at a time before being home three weeks straight. While he took care of Christina just fine financially she found herself bored silly most days. She didn't work, she didn't have kids, she didn't even have a goldfish to keep her company. At 29 no woman should have so much time on her hands. The only thing she had was her hobbies of cooking and shopping online using Dixon's money. He was fine with her spending habits as long as what she purchased was for their home, or for their personal use. A treadmill came in handy to keep her weight down, Christina was not a petite model for certain, plus size model more like. Her booty had a nice heart shape even being bigger than the type of girls most men liked to look at. Dixon always told her that it was more to love, so cliché. She wasn't what anyone would call obese, just pleasantly plump with a firm muscle tone to compliment her build. Recently on the scale she topped out at 170. Not bad for a woman 5 foot 7.
Now her chest? Those were every man's dream. She had enormous beautifully round melons that somehow managed to avoid sagging. 36H with unbelievably tight nipples that were almost always hard. Her waist and hips a classy 26/37. With a golden tan assisted by a tanning bed on their back porch she maintained a stunning all over tan. Pretty bold considering their back porch was only screened in with no blinds to prevent prying eyes. A risk indeed with neighbors close on all sides of their older home. The crazy thing was, she had never socialized with any of them. It was almost as if they were vacant homes save for seeing lights at night, or hearing loud music on weekends. Truthfully the only time she actually saw habitation was when men would mow their yards or wash their cars in the drive. Across the street some college age young men would play basketball in the driveway pretty often. In all reality she never felt more alone. Depression was becoming a problem.
Having met Dixon online three years ago they hit it off immediately, his Texan look and drawl won her over like butter on bread. Looking like a young Alan Jackson certainly added to his mystique. Perfect combo. Much older than Christina by 12 years, Dixon was more of a Father figure in some ways. Moving to Texas from Alabama was a huge turning point in her life. Having been sheltered most of her younger years by living with her grandparents. All she really had was Church and School. Thank goodness for computers and chatrooms. Once Christina moved to Austin, Texas to live with him those computer urges faded away, not that they didn't own a computer but she was happy pleasing her man without the need to flirt with other men. Three years later, her thoughts were changing. She needed something more yet she just didn't want to cheat on him, even if the local men of Austin did at least look her way when out and about. Which wasn't all that much. Not even to Church these days. Her upbringing was just too constricting, that is until Dixon came along.
She had noticed men at grocery stores and the like checking her out in small but obvious doses, feeding her ego. She needed that. Being pretty much a homebody she did feel the need to flaunt it on occasion just to feel wanted. As said, her booty and breasts were eye catchers, speaking of eyes her gorgeous green orbs drew attention to her as well. Add in her long wavy brown hair that flowed down to her shoulders, she was voluptuous and formidable. With Dixon just leaving for San Diego her boredom was just beginning. Three weeks away always seemed like an eternity.
"Ohhh, Christina what are you going to do for three whole weeks? Again!" She sat down on their cushy cream colored sofa, a furry white throw on the back for those cool nights. There was only so many talk shows one could sit through before pulling their hair out. Yet, she was somewhat addicted to a few. Definitely not Ellen. What seemed to capture her attention lately was those shock jock shows that didn't pull punches about life, love, and sexuality. It was amusing at times, curious during others, almost erotic and dead on target as to what she felt missing in her life. Not that she was looking to have an affair on Dixon, but the notion had crossed her mind a few times. With the world silent all around her she just couldn't take it anymore. Treadmill time.
Wearing jeans and a button down red flannel shirt belonging to Dixon she knew the treadmill was no place for either. With the treadmill also on the back porch she carefully took a hard look at the houses around her. Zero activity she decided to live a little and strip down to her bra and panties. The one thing that Christina would never give up was her fashion sense. Colorful, frilly things made her feel better about her size. Today her matching set was white in every way, G-string style undies and the prison guards keeping her chest in check. Lacey with sheer portions left a hint of spoilers. The Texas heat was already ramping up at 11:00 AM. The better to sweat off a few unwanted calories she thought.
Firing up the treadmill she slipped her tennis shoes back on before actually setting the belt in motion. It felt good to run even if it was for short distances. Setting the timer for a meager mile was about all she could manage in a single day. She tried her best though at least three days a week. Strangely, this was the first time to run in only her underwear. She didn't know she had it in her to be so brazen.
"This is so liberating." She thought, looking about at the other neighboring homes in her run out of caution. Not a peep from any angle, she felt comfortable in the moment. "Maybe I'll do this more often. Who knows I might even risk running naked." She giggled, "I'm in the privacy of my own home. As long as nobody sees me why not?" Her run gave her chest whiplash but in her mind it was worth it. Those melons were bouncing everywhere even contained in a good supportive bra. Working up a sweat her golden flesh was growing shiny. She felt rather sexy in the moment. Lost in thought at her newfound freedom she became oblivious to anything but her thrill.
Then, came a shrill whistle. Panic striking like lightning she nearly fell forward on her rotating belt. Forced to hold on for dear life to the hand rails she managed to lift herself up enough to straddle the treadmill, her shoes to each side of the belt. Fearfully she looked about to find her voyeur. There was not a soul in sight. Stepping back off of the belt she let it proceed without her as she covered her chest with her arms and stepped around the porch to peer out every screen on three sides of her. No one.
"I must have heard a bird, even if it did sound like a man whistling. Would that be all bad?" She smirked to herself shivering. "I better call this run and get inside, just in case." A second whistle heard made her freeze in step to explore where it came from. That was no bird. What she worried about was that some man had seen her and was ducking under the screens to hide from her notice. Who though?
"You should run like that more often." She heard in a low tone.
"Shit!" She covered her private parts with a towel left to dry on her tanning bed. Not running away she continued searching for a possible body behind the voice. Gathering her nerves she raised her voice with, "Where are you? Who are you?" No answer. Hesitantly, she went inside her house and got dressed. Her jeans from earlier and a t-shirt this time. It was getting too hot for flannel. Ten minutes of biting her nail she felt regret over stripping down. What if whoever it was told Dixon when he got home? Not that he would yell at her, just tell her to behave. It was unusual for her to do that kind of thing anyway.
An hour later, Christina took a cool shower to ward off the heat. She wasn't fond of high power bills so chose window and ceiling fans to cool the house instead of air conditioning. Stepping through from her bathroom into the living room with only a towel she felt the fan's breeze and dropped her towel to enjoy its intoxicating caress.
"You should do that more often too." Came a voice from outside the window. With the fan in the sill she realized she could be seen through the rotating blade.
"What the hell?" She crouched in a hurry to pick up her towel and hold it to her chest. What she didn't realize was that a secondary window fan also let in prying eyes from the opposite end of the living room, behind the loveseat.
"Yes she should." Came a second male voice.
"Quit spying on me." She called out, "I'll call the cops."
"Why? We mean you no harm. We just like watching you."
"You're hot." The first voice added.
While it should boost her ego it was that fact that she was home alone. With nobody to turn to for help outside the local police force she felt helpless. Dixon had no family, hers were in Alabama.
"We're going now. Just know we think you're beautiful."
"From a peeping tom...toms...that's..."
"A compliment. Don't be scared, we're not the enemy."
"Riiiiiiiiight!"
"Nice booty by the way." She hadn't covered up her backside, worried more about her frontal modesty. "Seriously, we're no threat. We just like looking at you. Gotta go." Silence. Christina Holly trembled heavily, she didn't know what to do outside of getting dressed and hoping the peepers were gone. In her bedroom she noticed a third fan in her window exposing the interior and wondered if she were being watched even now. Bending to look out she saw no one.
"Only one way to know for sure." Standing up she tossed her towel aside and stood nude. Nothing. She sighed to herself, "Were you expecting more whistles?" She shivered and stared at the window fan, it was almost mesmerizing. With no further wolf calls she shuddered and felt silly. "Get dressed Christina, stop being foolish. It could be neighborhood kids for all you know. Although, they didn't talk like younger kids. Shit! Now I'm curious. Fucking talk shows." She got dressed all over again. This time in more comfortable attire. Loose shorts and a camisole without a bra. All she had left to do was face her boredom. Other than making lunch, more TV, and a crossword puzzle she had nothing. Naptime.
Waking up to the closing hour before nightfall she set about shutting off a couple fans and removing them from the windows to let fresh air filter in on its own. Vacuuming her house and dusting a bit to keep herself busy she eventually found herself wondering if she were being watched even now. Her windows were wide open and her lights were on. It was actually easier to see her than earlier in the day. The same could be said of her neighbors. Exploring their homes, each of them had windows well lit. Something dawned on her that made her put her shoes on and step outside. Walking around the entirety of her home she took a look at the ground in front of each of her windows for the possibility of footprints. Sure enough, every single window had prints in the broken soil. Grass around their home was sparse. "Pretty large feet. Definitely not kids. Teenagers probably."
Her kneeling state let her breasts rise to greet her knees in full force, her camisole hiding very little cleavage. Even her loose shorts were no longer loose in back, her ass tightening them up under the stress of bending. Out of no where came a whistle that made her pep up and leer about for reference. While looking in one direction a second whistle. Then a third. She stood up in a hurry and tried to decipher where exactly they were coming from. Either they were moving about, which she saw no one, or they were in the houses looking out. With three homes in sight from her current angle it was hard to tell. One across the street seemed too distant. Her heart was beating rapidly. Fear, and curiosity were fighting one another. She truly hoped this wasn't some crazy game people were playing. Even worse, she didn't want to be hurt in any way by some psychopath, psychopaths.
"Stop thinking like that Christina. You've watched too many horror movies." Shivering she stood up and walked back toward her front door. At her front steps she realized that she hadn't checked her mail today. Turning to detour she trapsed the length of her sidewalk out to the mailbox on the curb. Hearing more whistles stopped her from immediately opening her mailbox. It was almost haunting her how much she was suddenly being watched. After three years living here she hadn't even been winked at. Four whistles this time. Trembling she opened her mailbox and snatched up her mail, discovering a large pink envelope amid utility bills and ads. Too dark out at the moment to read the name on it she just took it inside with her. No further whistles at the moment. Locking her door behind her she peeks out her window to see any foot activity. Only a random car driving by.
"I'm going to have a nervous breakdown. I really should call Dixon and tell him about the whistles." The pink card prevented her call. "No return address. No stamp. This was put in the box after the mail came." Taking a deep breath she opened the envelope and found a card within. All it had was hearts all over the exterior of the card. Opening it she was shocked to find money falling to her feet. Bending to pick up the money she counts out an even hundred dollars in twenty dollar bills. "What in the world?" Money shock settling she reads the card.
"Roses are red, Violets are blue. Don't be shy, we love watching you. Use this money to buy something hot, wear it for us unless you'd rather not. Naked is even better. This is just a friendly gesture." She bulges her eyes at the boldness of her tormenters. "Oh my God! Stalkers." She realized her own words and mumbles, "Us! That means...more than one. I did hear four separate whistles."
As if on cue from all four sides of her home she heard whistles at one time. Then came their words.
"Seriously, don't be afraid of us. We just like watching you."
"Watching me?" She follows the voice in hiding, "How long have you been watching?"
"Months." Came another voice to her left at another window.
A third from her bedroom window seen at a bad angle, "You're gorgeous. We all think that of you."
"All? How many is all? Four of you?" Chuckles were heard from every direction.
"You have more admirers than that."
"I'm calling the police." It hit home hearing of many others.
"Sorry we laughed. Please, just listen to us first. If you want to turn us in afterward we'll live with the consequences of our actions."
"Two minutes." She goes to her coffee table to get her cellphone showing it in all directions. Including the fact she shared digits with the 9-1 without the final 1.
"Your boyfriend leaves you alone too often. We see your loneliness."
"How can you see...ah...windows. I barely leave the house."
"We swear we mean you no harm. We..."
"Just like watching me. So you've said." She grimaces. "Why me? I'm not in shape. I'm just a wannabe housewife."
"We know. Your body is amazing to us. You shouldn't think badly of your appearance. Keep working out on that treadmill."
"Like you did earlier."
She shakes her head, "Perverts."
"No denying that." Another voice laughs, "You're too hot to not watch." That made for five voices.
"Listen, Christina, sorry, we read your name on a piece of mail when we placed the card in your box. None of us have any reason to hurt you. Honestly, you don't even have to ever see our faces."
"It would be cool to look eye to eye though." A sixth voice adds a chill to her bones.
"Just...leave all of your windows wide open. Do everything in the nude. Let us just..."
"Jerk off outside my windows?" She rolls her eyes.
"Something like that. I know this is creepy but, we...just like what we see."
"We're going to leave now." The obvious leader tells her.
"Like Ninjas." A seventh voice chimes in.
"I count seven voices. Is that all of you?"
"For now." Another adds.
"So, this money you gave me. Maybe I'll just use it to buy blinds and blackout curtains."
"If that's what you want. We won't bother you anymore."
"Uh huh!" She had doubts. "I won't call the cops this time, but...I can't promise I won't if you guys keep this up. Fair warning."
"Night beautiful." Followed by, "I'll dream of you."
"Hope the windows stay open." A third sounded sad that it might not happen.
"We'll earn your trust." That one struck home.
"Don't take this badly, but my dicks hard." A fifth took a chance.
"Sleep well Christina."
Like phantoms in the night they were gone. Looking outside every window she didn't even witness a shadow run away. Did they really leave or were they just ducking down until she stopped looking, giving them the break they needed to escape. Mentally exhausted she gave up, fearing the idea of running outside to intercept them might get her hurt. The whole ordeal was terrifying. So, why wasn't she calling Dixon, let alone the cops? For that matter why was she moist between her thighs? "I am so losing sleep over this."
She tries to relax her nerves by taking a bubble bath, her earlier shower not enough. Running the water awaiting her tub to fill she adds bubbles but leaves the flow unattended to look outside each window again. Still nothing. These assholes were definitely stealthy.
In her bathroom was another window, not large enough to accommodate a fan. She felt safe in the fact of its narrow pane, although see through it had a single panel curtain. Undressing with a bad case of the shakes she lights a candle and shuts the light off. A good bottle of wine would calm her down she thought. The one thing that kept crossing her mind was that they all liked a thick girl. She knew she could easily be a plus size model under the right conditions. It wasn't like she had a double chin, or a flat tire around her waist. She felt comfortable in her body. It was nice to be noticed. If it were only under better circumstances. Sipping her wine directly from the bottle she steps into the bubble bath and settles in to beat her nerves back. The hot water felt delightful. Blowing suds made her smile.
"Why would they give me money? Surely they don't think I'd really do that for them. I'm not some stripper in a glass booth." She swigs her wine then swishes it in her mouth, "Kinda I guess, as long as I'm in my home. Don't be stupid Christina." She was losing that battle the more she drank. With the water getting cold, and her bottle half way drained she looks back at the thin curtain on the narrow bathroom window and reaches awkwardly to lift the curtain and tuck it up. If any of them were still out there she was offering them a peek. Adding hot water to her tub she stretched out a bit and began touching herself, fingers delighting her clit with soft rubs. Halting to shake off her insensibilities she drank another third of her bottle. Still laying back, her free hand now circled her areola, leading to the erect nipples on her humongous breasts, teasing their sensitivity with a taunting middle finger. It gave her goosebumps. Casual glances at the window found a steamy exhale over the outside pane with a heart drawn into it. "Holy fuck! They're out there still. So much for saying goodnight like gentlemen." Setting her bottle on the tile next to the tub she climbs out and begins to pull the curtain down but hesitates. Remaining in view she stares at the heart fading away. In that moment she thought of Dixon. Maybe her own heart was fading away. It could just be the wine attacking her emotions.
With trembling hands she unlocks the window at the top and lifts it up. There was no screen on the other side. Peering out into pitch blackness she whispers, "Anyone there?" Nothing. Had they left? Long stares into nothingness, strangely hopeful for at least a, "Yes." she wondered what might coax them into revealing themselves. The wine talking she chuckled at her stupidity and placed her right breast through the window sill. The window being small and narrow she couldn't see around her own blockade. Feeling cool air on her damp breast her nipple peaked as hard as it could grow. Suddenly, a hand groped her then drew back quickly. She too pulled away, holding a hand to her lips out of shock. "OH MY GOD!"
Tempted to slam the window shut she just stood lost in time. "I thought you said I'd earn your trust. You just grabbed my tit." Her voice rallied in protest.
"That was their deal. Not mine." A deeper more masculine voice that she hadn't heard before now made her jump.
"Eight now. How many are there of you?"
"Can't speak for them, I'm my own man."
"WHAT? You're not one of...HOLY FUCK!"
"I saw what they've been doing. I'm no threat either, just out for a bit of late night mischief."
"Saying you're no threat as they said, you must have heard them. You know who the others are don't you?"
"Just a bunch of hoodies in the dark. I haven't seen anything during the day. Been watching them awhile now. You even longer." In her heart she knew this man knew more than he admitted.
"This is crazy." She gets brave lunging at her window and slamming it down. Curtain drawn she accidently knocks her candle into the tub extinguishing its flame. Prowling her bedroom she swiftly closes windows down then pulls the curtains together. Every access of sight blinded she paces about in the nude and rants. "Why am I not calling 9-1-1? I'm being assaulted now." In her distress she realized something, "How would I explain sticking my breast out the window to be fondled? The cops would say I antagonized it. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
For a good twenty minutes Christina fought with her sanity and settled in to bed. Eight stalkers, lord knows how many more. With her nerves shot she falls fast asleep. The emptied wine bottle at least relaxed her.
As morning came Christina woke up and stretched, scratching her breasts after sleeping in the nude. This was the first time in over two months that she had done so. It was when Dixon was home and they had made love the night before. The sheets felt lovely on her flesh. Sitting up on the edge of her mattress she recalled the night before. Fingers over her lips she sat wide eyed for what seemed like forever. Traumatized only in the fact that this kind of thing just doesn't happen, especially to her. Were there really two different sets of stalkers? Were they just messing with her head? Shaking things off the best that she could Christina got up and went into her bathroom to pee. Finding her candle resting on the bottom of her tub she quickly plucked it out and sit it on the toilet tank. Daring to look outside the narrow window she found something unexpected. A post-it note was stuck to the glass. Opening the window carefully she reaches under and peels it away drawing her hand back inside.
"I apologize for being so bold. Please forgive me." All she could do was sigh, "Everyone sure is trying to kill me with kindness. I just don't know what to make of these guys." Flushing her toilet she sends the note into the sewer. She should have kept it to compare with the handwriting on the card. Too late now.
Moving to her bedroom to decide on her day's outfit she realizes how warm her home was with the fans out of the windows and opens her bedroom curtains. On the outside of the window was a red rose taped to it with a note of its own. "Seriously Guys? It's like you're trying to win me over to ask me to the prom." She suddenly realizes the flower was between the screen and the glass. "How in the heck did they get the rose inside the screen? Oh! It wasn't completely shut. Boy they really are like ninjas in the night. I never even heard the window. Shit! I didn't lock the glass, they could have crawled right in while I was sleeping. I need to be more observative." Retrieving the rose she unrolls the note tied to it held on to the stem by a bread twine.
"Sorry about the old guy. We saw him sneaking up on your bathroom. Hope he didn't scare you." She huffs her cheeks and scowls, "No more than you freaks. Well, little bit more since he grabbed my tit. Why did I do that?" She winced then smelled the rose, "God Christina! Are you that fucking lonely to risk your body to strangers?" Forgoing getting dressed she takes the rose to the kitchen and peels the tape off before putting it in a watered vase. "GODDAMMIT! What am I doing?" She plucks it from the vase and hurls it into a garbage can near the front porch door. "Why would you keep anything they gave you? Maybe the money." She sighs, "Their loss my gain." It was then she realized that she had even gone to bed and left the inside door connecting to the porch wide open. Luckily the outer screen door leading to the back yard was hooked. "MOTHERFUCK!" No it wasn't. Any of them could have walked right in on her and raped her.
"I'm still here, but I can't keep being so careless." Still careless, she was hooking the screen door while still nude. She had forgotten to get dressed in all the confusion. It was the light breeze on her body that gave her a clue. Strangely she lingered there. "What no whistles?" She called out loudly. After nothing but birds singing she turned away almost sad that they hadn't. Moving to her living room she reopened the other curtains and lifted her windows. Then came two whistles. Her heart skipped a beat.
"Where are you guys?" She leaned down suddenly uncaring who saw her breasts.
"Everywhere. Good morning."
"Morning to you too." She covered her lower region at least.
"You're not upset?"
"Not sure yet. I need to see you guys. I'm starting to think I'm talking to ghosts."
"It's better we just watch and you just show."
"Did you like the rose?" Voiced a second watcher.
"It's in the garbage. But, it was beautiful. I...may take it back out."
"So are you."
"Did you freaks go jerk off when you left last night?"
"Sure did. At least I did."
"Me too. Can't speak for the others but I'd guess yes."
"Only once?"
"Twice."
"Three times here."
"I guess I should be honored." She removed her hands from her thighs no longer hiding. She needed to shave her pubes, normally preferring silky smooth. Nobody was going to notice.
"Need help shaving?" A voice chuckled from her left, a third watcher.
"I can manage." She sighed, "Get a good look I'm not going to do this every day. How you're even seeing me I don't know."
"We're good like that. Thank you for letting us see you naked."
"I'm stupid, what can I say?"
"You can say come on in." Another, meaning four boys now spoke up.
"That's a bit much. I thought you guys only wanted to watch me."
"Watch can mean up close too."
"Guys! Come on now, let's not scare her. We made an agreement."
"What agreement?' She cocked an eye brow.
"Not to touch. Just watch. We want you to trust us. If that means months of just window peeking so be it."
"I'm standing here butt ass naked. I'll probably never trust anyone involved, but I can give you a peek now and then. On one condition."
"What?"
"Trust goes both ways boys. I need to know you're not my imagination. Turn your backs to me and stand up so I can see you."
"Should we guys?" The leader asks.
"If it means we build trust I'm in."
"Deal."
"Same here."
She was shocked by the sudden change of minds. Suddenly, heads rose up into each of her five windows in opened view. Two heads in one window to count as six. Her eyes bulged. They did officially exist.
"You don't have to hide from me anymore." She spoke wondering why she was going this far. "I'd rather watch you watch me than wonder if you're there."
"That means we face you."
"Yes it does. I'm not calling the cops."
"Telling your boyfriend?"
"I should. I'm not the cheating type. "Debatable! "But, no, not as long as you don't try anything."
"Just through windows?"
"Yes."
"Will you...masturbate for us?"
"I somehow knew that was coming. You do realize that sooner or later someone other than me will be calling the cops saying you're spying on me. There's too many of you to go unnoticed forever."
"You're worth the risk. You're too hot."
"Wow!"
"Are we right about you Christina?"
"Right about what?"
"That you're lonely."
"Sometimes. That doesn't mean I should cheat on Dixon."
"You mope around way too much. You need someone to talk to. We're here for you."
"If I need...to talk I'll let you know."
Without warning they all begin turning to face her in the screens. Only the tops of their heads could be seen. College age she predicted. Yes, a few of the boys that played basketball across the street.
"She recognizes us, this was a mistake." One behind her spoke up. They begin to lower away when Christina felt a loss just that quick.
"WAIT! I'm not going to turn anyone in. It's okay to show me your faces."
"You should stay naked all the time."
"I can. You guys terrified me last night. I've slept on it. Yes, I'm lonely. More than I let on. I have no friends. No family here. No...Dixon for such long amounts of time. I...just need to calm my nerves a bit more. I'll stay naked every day if you...don't try anything."
"I wanna watch you use a dildo."
"Oh fuck yeah, me too."
"I do have one of those."
"Will you fuck yourself for us?"
Puffing her cheeks she palms her breasts and exhales, "You can barely see me down there."
"We can get something to stand on."
"No. That looks way more obvious than you boys jumping up and down to look in. I...I'll take a huge risk if you boys can behave."
"Like what? How?"
She takes a deep breath and turns to walk to her front door and opens it wide. Leaving it open she takes a walk to her bedroom and crawls across her mattress to open a bedside stand. Within it was an eight inch rubber lifelike dildo with a huge crest. Lube is also brought out before she lay back in bed to rub herself for the two boys in her bedroom window. Hopping up and down to see her they realize the mattress was too high for a decent look. In seconds they disappeared. "So bold Christina. This could go very badly. My hearts beating through my chest right now."
Hearing creaking on the living room floor she looks to her side to find three boys venturing in reluctantly. Seeing her wag her dildo at them she sighs, "Keep your hands to yourselves." Two more show up, finally a sixth. Surrounding her bed she offers a shy look. Their eyes appeared almost as shy suddenly. "Just watch." Planting her dildo in her mouth she taunts them with it by fucking her own face as her free hand rubs her clit. Their eyes were torn between pleasure centers. "I can't believe I'm allowing this."
"Neither can we. Thank you for trusting us, we know you probably shouldn't, but that's only because you don't know us. I'm Greg. This is Mike, Shawn, Chad, Tucker, and Vince."
"No names were necessary."
"I know, but you're trusting us so we're going to trust you. Thanks Christina."
"Those tits are amazing." Tucker stares at her breasts crushing together.
"They're too big." She frowns.
"No way. I bet Dixon loves them."
"He better." She smirks.
"Every part of you is amazing. Your legs are really muscular."
"I try. My ass isn't so tight though, there's plenty of jiggle."
"Can you twerk?"
"I don't know I've never tried."
"Can I shave your pussy?"
"WHAT??? Noooo!" She busts up laughing, "I know I usually keep it sexier. I like it smooth."
"I'd kiss that."
"Ummm! No you won't. No touching remember? Don't make me regret letting you all in."
"Guys? Stop spooking her. I want to see her cum in front of us."
"That's not spooky?" She sighs.
"Why are you taking this chance Christina?"
"I...don't really know. My self esteem needs a boost I guess. I'm comfortable in my body but a girl does need to know if she's really desirable."
"I'd do you."
"Me too."
"GUYS STOP!!" Greg throws his hands out to keep them in check. "Sorry Christina."
"That's sweet of you guys, but let's just keep things for show. No contact. If you all show me you can behave I might consider doing this again."
"You like having us this close don't you?" Chad winces.
"It...is kind of exciting now that I've relaxed my nerves more. I just need promises guys, promises that you can really keep. I don't need my relationship destroyed. Can you all swear to no contact."
"We promise." Greg opens the floodgate.
"Speak for yourselves, not just one of you speaking for everyone." They each commit to no bodily contact. Finally, Vince the most arrogant had to add his two cents worth.
"We want to though."
"Knock it off Vince. Before she makes us leave."
"I can't help it. I've fantasized about her too long."
"Really?" She poises a brow out of curiosity.
"Fuck yeah!"
"Why? I'm not some petite super model."
"I like bigger girls. More cushion for the pushin' they say."
"Lots to push." She rolls to her side and pats her bottom letting them see a jiggle. The move made them all nod with devoted grins.
"I'd love to spank that sexy ass." Chad chuckles.
"That would require bodily contact. I can't do that."
"Enough you morons. Just be satisfied we're getting to see her cum for us." Greg reacts defensively.
"That's a small dildo. You should use our hundred bucks to buy a bigger one."
"Eight inches is small? This one is big enough." She laughs, "I think you boys should keep your money. It was a strange but very nice gesture though."
"We want to spoil you." Mike offers an emotional moment, one that the others concurred with by a symphony of nods.
"Spoil me?" Christina melts for a brief instant, "I-I don't understand. Why? Surely there are dozens of girls around to chase. I'm probably ten years older than each of you."
"There's just...something about you. It goes beyond watching." Mike continues, "We've all sat and talked about how miserable you look when your man is gone. Sometimes...even when he's at home."
"Why is that?" Chad needed to know.
"Do I really look that sad when Dixon is home?"
"What few times we've watched you yes."
"Wait! Are you saying you've watched Dixon and I together?"
The boys look at one another almost dreading their reply. Greg opening up with a dry swallow, "Once. We swear. When he's home we keep our distance but, there was one night that we...heard you two. You...screamed a lot that time. We had to come see why. Your man was making love to you. It seemed good until after he left you alone in bed. When he left the bedroom you...cried."
"Shit! That's getting personal guys. Watching Dixon and I making love."
"You two were under the covers, so it's not like we saw anything much." Tucker did a bit of damage control.
"Why did you cry that day?" Mike was hitting her heartstrings.
"I...just felt...like he was being distant. As if he...was losing interest in me. I know he's not but something just felt off."
"He is on the road a long time. It would drive me crazy if I had a girl as hot as you that I could only be with every few weeks. If you were gone that is."
"It's like how we feel when Dixon is home. Staying away from looking at you three whole weeks is hard. But, we do our best not to be nosey when he's around."
"Mainly we're afraid he'll shoot us." Tucker chuckles.
"He does have a gun. You boys...miss me when he's home?"
"Yes. Lots!" Chad nods. The others following suit. It made her feel special. How twisted was all of this? Still, it hit a soft spot with Christina.
Greg felt empathy suddenly, "Guys? Maybe we shouldn't push this. She's ready to cry."
"Sorry Christina." Came a consensus.
"It's alright. You...don't have to go. Just...oh my God! I don't know what to say. This is crazy. I'm crazy. What am I doing letting you six in here while I'm naked. Toy in hand. I'm weak."
"Lonely."
"Miserable."
"Hurting."
"Needing a shoulder to cry on. Shoulders even." Chad and Mike dare to sit at the foot of her bed. She merely curls up and weeps. Greg and Shawn also find sympathy in the moment and sit to her sides. Only Tucker and Vince stood back. With the boys even closer to her she whimpers slightly provoking Greg to step up, "Guys! We shouldn't be this close." Greg hops back up, each of them following him back to their feet.
"I'm going to bawl." She pouts.
"We're here for you Christina."
"Sorry if we got too close to you." Chad felt badly.
"Need a hug?" Tucker looked hopeful.
"Yes, but...maybe when I'm dressed." Greg looks at her bedding and leans in to pinch the sheet curled aside beneath her. Tugging it from under her he guides it up over her body then looks at her with a smile.
"Dressed enough?"
"I can live with that." She smiles as Greg sits next to her and leans in to offer a hug.
"You smell nice." He adds as her hair caresses his cheek, her chin on his shoulder. While still hugging him Shawn sits to her opposite side and joins them in a three way hug. Shawn agreed to the scent. Adding his own, "She does smell really good." Stepping around Shawn, Tucker climbs in bed to move behind her as she sits forward and hugs her from behind, the advantage being the sheet only cloaked her chest, he could see her entire backside. Three hugs at once she wept. A soft hand rubs her back as Tucker oversteps his bounds but in a caring manner. She let him continue, her emotions blocking her reality. Chad moves in from the foot of the bed and smothers them all with another ventured hug, his hands caressing her brown hair from her eyes.
"Guys? I think we're overstepping here. Too many hugs at once. Give Christina room."
"NO! It's alright. I need the hugs. You're all so right...I'm lost these days."
"Yeah, but, we're touching you." Greg slid away, the others sitting back removing their hands and just sitting close. All but Tucker, he was still rubbing her back. Tears streaking her cheek she leers back at Tucker with a trembling smile.
"That feels nice Tucker. I haven't gotten a backrub from Dixon in two years."
"One every day if you allowed it." Tucker smirked.
"That sounds nice. I'll...think about it. Boys? I don't think I can...use the toy for you...at least not today." She lifts it and drops it to her bedding.
"Don't worry about it Christina. We're asking way too much of you anyway. We should go guys. Can we visit you tomorrow Christina?"
"I'd...like the company. Yes."
"Backrub tomorrow?" Tucker winked.
"Shit!" She pouts, "Now I want one, I know I'm really indecisive. I'm still shy about all of you here at once." She sighs having difficulty with right from wrong.
"Make up your mind Beautiful." Tucker laughs. "That means the no touching rule goes out the window if I do."
"Only my back." She sneers playfully.
"How about a foot rub too?" Chad mentions it just to see if she might react favorably to the possibility.
"I-wow! I've never ever had a foot rub. Not once has Dixon offered."
"Not even with old boyfriends?"
"What old boyfriends? Dixon is my first."
"You lost your virginity to Dixon?' Vince winced trying hard to believe it.
"I know. I was 26 when that happened. I had just moved here from Alabama. Oh my God. Why are we discussing my loss of virginity?"
"We're all virgins." Greg sighed, "As far as I know that is. Any of you ever have sex before?" He looks around at each friend for any revelations. Not one stepped up to admit they had. Nor did they make up any fake dates. Christina turned beet red at the possibility she was in a room full of virgins. While frozen in time a cellphone text hit Vince's phone, reading it he lifts his chin to inform the others of his text.
"Ben, Danny, Theo, and Nestor are wondering where we are? They're on the basketball court over at your house Greg."
"Tell them we're with Christina. We'll be over in a few."
The others looked saddened by the thought of leaving. Chad wondering, "I thought we were gonna massage her feet."
"And, her back." Tucker added.
As Vince types back they get a swift response, "They say we're lying. No way did Christina let us in."
"Prove it. Go open the front door and wave at them." Greg rolled his eyes.
"If we do that they're gonna want to come inside too." Mike pointed out, "We're already making Christina uneasy."
"I'm getting more relaxed. You guys aren't really being aggressive about anything." She clings to her sheet as Tucker still caresses her back.
"That means ten guys in your house if they come over." Greg stressed with a hint of worry.
"It's getting really warm in here." Shawn fanned himself.
"It's supposed to reach 98 degrees today." Greg looks at the forcast on his cell.
A doorbell ringing makes Christina jump. "Is that...your friends?"
"Yeah, they said they were coming over. We can just all go Christina." Greg motions the others to take their leave. They all looked really depressed by having to go.
"Let them in. I'm trusting you six to keep the others in check." She fans herself agreeing it was getting too stuffy in her bedroom. Even with the box fan circulating. So many bodies in her tiny bedroom was ramping up the temperature, now four more were joining them. "What in the hell am I doing?" She pinches the bridge of her nose in thoughts over what she was allowing, as Tucker grips her shoulders for a stronger massage. With the strength he was now showing, her muscles felt incredible.
Hearing Greg open the front door Christina's eyes flare up and she ponders her reality. So many guys in her home was definitely a mistake. Still, the concern they had shown her was weakening her walls. Why did she even consider masturbating in front of six, now ten if she decided to go ahead and do it. They could easily overpower her and take her if they wanted to bad enough. Yet, their friendship was needed. She was having trouble saying no.
"Holy crap. How did you guys get her to..." Ben brings up, "She...she's cool with us?"
"Yes. Just...don't try anything." She smiles up at Ben as Tucker squeezes her neck, brushing her long brown hair aside. "That feels amazing Tucker."
"We giving her a body massage?" Theo, the only African American in the group grins with mischief.
"No. Just her back, unless she agrees to her feet. We mentioned it before you guys texted me." Vince looks to Christina for the option to be approved or declined. "Up to the feet?"
She sits there holding her sheet tightly then looks down at her feet beneath her bedding. Nibbling her lower lip deciding to take the risk she moves one foot out from under and shyly exposes it to them. Shawn sat next to her foot and began rubbing. The sensations made her ticklish and she began giggling, but he won her over instantly. Forced to lean back against Tucker she moves her left foot out the other side of the covers and Chad sat in to claim that foot. She was melting fast.
"How we doing Christina?" Chad grew curious.
"Glorious. I'm in Heaven right now."
"See? You don't ever need to feel lonely again." Greg smiled, "We're here to pamper you."
"You should let us spoil you Christina." Mike offered again.
"This is really nice. Thank you." She speaks with a sheepish expression.
"Your body is really dry. Do you have any lotion?" Tucker leans near her ear to ask.
"Yes. On my dresser over there behind Vince." Vince turns locating it and brings it over to Tucker, assisting by squirting lotion in his hands to apply to her shoulders and back. More lotion is split between Shawn and Chad who continue their foot massage but risk doing her calves as well.
"I'm sweating bullets in here." Danny wipes his brow. Everyone had similar reactions. "Why no air conditioning?"
"I don't like getting too cold, that and saving money." She sighs.
"I can't take it. Hope it's alright but I'm taking my shirt off." Danny whips his t-shirt over his head and stuffs one end into his shorts. Christina eyed his bare chest, Danny was pretty toned for his size. Seeing him get away with doing it Nestor, Vince, and Ben join in. Eyes exploring them Christina finds herself getting wet between her thighs and whimpers a bit. She was getting really hot beneath her sheet.
"Wanna stretch out so I can do your lower back?" Tucker shopped the idea.
"Ok. Let me roll over." Both Shawn and Chad step away giving her room and she covers herself more as she stretches out, Tucker moving beside her until in a comfy spot. Her sheet was pulled down over her back until the beginning of her ass crack was in view. Tucker then trickled lotion over her entire back before moving in to massage her. Shawn and Chad awaited her to look back at them as she kicked her sheet from her legs and wiggled her toes prompting their return. Her hips were in view now. Working her legs clear up to her hips they pause until she finally caves. "I can't stand the heat in here. Take my sheet off."
Vince took the lead in yanking the sheet back until her entire backside was in view. Seven of ten guys whistled at her making her bury her face into a pillow squealing. "OH MY GOD!"
"Letting us lotion your butt?" Chad winked at his friends.
"I suppose." She whines hiding her face. "I can't believe I'm saying yes." Her thoughts betray her as she moans slightly. Feeling more weight on her bed she looks back to see Vince between her legs and trickling lotion on her butt cheeks. He was the newest masseuse to compliment her body with his hands. Sharing caresses with Chad and Shawn, three hands on her ass at one time made her drag her pillow around her face to black out her vision. Tucker was doing great on her lower back, his own hands competing with the others over her butt. Fingers found her crack too irresistible to not lotion. Hands prying her cheeks to apply lotion all the way inside her cheeks.
"Don't get too close to her private parts Guys." Greg emphasized, "WE did promise."
"Too close Christina?" Vince asked prying her cheeks wider.
"N-n-no." She trembled. The guys knew she had to be getting turned on. Shawn and Chad worked her inner thighs, both their hands easing closer and closer to her pussy. Vince caressing her butt pucker ever so lightly in his massage made her tense up but keep her objections to herself. For fifteen minutes the boys remained dedicated to her flesh.
"Want the other side done?" Tucker dared to ask. She lifts her head from her pillow and looks amongst the room of boys. It was then she realized everyone had massive erections. More shirts had come off in her isolation. "I...guess the body contact no longer applies. Can you all...keep yourselves together?"
Another round of, "Yes." She takes a deep breath and rolls over, her full frontal now exposed for ten sets of eyes. She grew shy a bit and attempted hiding behind her hands until lotion got applied to her belly and legs.
"Look at those fucking titties." Ben uttered, "Can I lotion those?"
"Be...gentle." She whines as Tucker, Shawn, Chad, and Vince compete in massaging her front. Tucker above her breasts in her neckline keeping her breasts sacred ground. Ben, took the lotion bottle and trickled squirts across her breasts. She was embarrassed instantly, yet stared up at them with disbelief that she was even going this far. Her own rules were slipping away quickly. It was possibly the fact that they all seemed to be calm and wanting her to be alright with what they were doing.
"Looks like someone cum on your tits." Ben smiled at her, then began squeezing and rubbing the lotion in to her chest, her nipples stabbing his palms at how good it felt.
"Why am I letting you guys do this to me?" She blushes and laughs at herself, "This is...just wrong."
"Everyone stop." Greg took control, each of the guys immediately drawing back honoring her to the best of their abilities considering they were all rock hard and hoping to escalate things if not for today, in the future. Even Ben released her breasts with a hiss of disappointment. "We're moving too fast for her."
"Right!" Mike joined forces in rescuing her going forward, "She didn't want contact and look at us. We're swarming her."
From a simple, "Sorry." to an added word of "Sorry Christina." The group gathered as one leaving her to lay there shaking as their eyes took in her full frontal. She examined the disappointment in their gazes and felt badly, but they were truly trying to be gentle and understanding. Her fear had faded for the most part, but this really was one of her stupidest moves ever. Even without sex this was betraying Dixon. Yet, she did enjoy the massaging.
"I say we get dressed and leave her be for today. If she wants us she knows she can find us by looking across the street." Nestor opened up for the first time.
"Or, just by going to a window and talking to us. "Vince chuckled, "I know I'm still gonna drool."
"Oh my God! You guys are not seriously going to camp out in front of my windows every day in shifts." She rolls her eyes. "The neighbors are going to eventually yell at you guys or come knocking out of concern for my safety. You can't just continue spying on me."
"Sure we can. Somebody in this room lives in one of the houses around yours. Our parents don't say anything because they don't care what we do."
"Just a heads up. The guy that groped you?" Tucker confessed, "That was my Dad. He and my Mom are divorced. It's just him and I. We watch you together sometimes. We don't have secrets."
"Oh Lord!" She shakes her head while rubbing her tits, her palms hiding her tight pink nipples. "So you guys called him creepy."
"He may be my Dad but even I find him creepy. If he wasn't at work right now he'd probably be peeping on us even."
"So, are we done?" Chad wanted things to be clear.
"Yeah, let's go shoot hoops Fellas." Greg motioned with a fake basketball shot. "We'll give you room Christina. I hope this proves that you can trust us."
"It...helps." She sits up in bed and looks lost even before they put their shirts on. Seeing erections still lingering everywhere she fidgets. "Hold on." All eyes flare with hope that she might change her mind. "I need to know something. What's to gain here by toying with me? I won't have sex with any of you, that would make me feel terrible. Dixon doesn't deserve that. No virginities are going to be lost if that's what you were hoping."
"Of course we all wanna lose that, but we're just happy to make you feel good about yourself, and not feel so lonely. Like we told you we would be just as cool pampering you and giving you massages. If anything we would love to watch you masturbate. If you ever get relaxed enough to do that we'd feel we helped you out." Greg stressed.
"So you think my masturbating is helping me out?" She laughed.
"Maybe I chose the wrong way to describe it."
"Just be honest with her." Vince shook his head, "We wanna see you naked as often as possible. You masturbating is our fantasy. Just getting to touch you now and then is an added bonus."
"We fantasize a lot." Tucker smirks.
"About what? Tell me everything. Be perfectly honest." She winces sensing them beating around the bush.
"Is it crazy they we've all talked about making out with you as much as the notion of seeing you nude?" Shawn took a chance.
"Making out? You all want to kiss me?" Her brows rise with surprise.
"Yeah." They all unify with nods.
"Wow! That cannot possibly be all."
"Of course not. Our dream is to fuck the shit out of you." Vince admits, "But...we're totally cool if that never ever happens."
"I knew that was in there somewhere." She giggles, "I...just can't." She shared an expression of wonder, lending itself to the actual visual in her mind.
"You're smiling." Ben winked at her. "You pictured us fucking you didn't you?"
"Nooooooooo!" She bulged her eyes then closed her lids just as fast, blushing up a storm.
"Your turn to be totally honest. You were weren't you?" Greg countered her earlier necessity.
""Maybe, but I can't. Please don't try and talk me into it."
"None of us are going to be pushy about anything. You tell us what you want from us. We'll fulfill whatever needs you may be lacking." Greg left it in her hands.
Considering their offer she watches shirts being put back on. Her judgment waning she puts her palms in the air before her chest, her nipples proudly back in view. "Don't..."
"Don't what?" Chad shrugged.
"Don't...put your shirts back on. I...kind of like looking at your chests as much as you enjoy looking mine over."
Every shirt in the bedroom came off, even those who hadn't taken theirs off to begin with. "Better?" Greg asked.
"Yes."
"We can take our pants off too." Vince prodded laughing.
""If my pants come off...I'm jerking." Tucker let it be known.
"Oh my God!" Christina laughed, "That might not be a good idea."
"Are we staying again?" Shawn was growing confused.
Christina continued to blush, covering her face with her palms to hide her laughter, "You can stay awhile longer."
"Pants off?" Vince began unfastening his belt before her eyes. The others uncertain what to do.
"SHIT!" She shakes her head while peering through her fingers. "If I say yes, you do NOT remove your underwear. Is that clear?"
Everyone agreed with nods and strange expressions, possibly the idea of men being so close to nude in front of other guys.
"I'm not wearing underwear." Tucker had his pants open, his pubes in sight.
"Me neither." Nestor winced.
"Same here." Ben admitted.
"Can we go back to massaging you?" Mike wanted in.
"Yes. I enjoyed it. The issue I'm having is the no underwear thing." She gnashed her teeth.
"We can run home and put some on." Nestor tried to be sensible.
"Uggggggggh! Take them off, just...don't get too close." The idea of seeing their erections was making her wet. A risk she knew but, the pampering was welcomed.
"That's not fair that they get to and we don't." Chad frowned.
"FINE!! All of you can."
"You sure Christina?" Greg needed confirmation as he took his jeans off.
"Don't ask me again or I'll panic and change my mind."
Ten boys lost their clothing, ten boys were rock hard and surrounding her bed. Her eyes drifted from cock to cock all in marvelous sizes. Only Nestor was uncircumcised, the rest with large crowns and a nice girth. She could not believe she was letting this happen. Falling backward in her bed she groaned loudly at going so far. This could turn bad at any moment. Her own hormones spiking in the mass nudity.
"Where's the lotion?" Tucker briskly rubbed his palms together. Vince brought it back into play. "I noticed you have baby oil. Can we use that on you?"
"She's gonna get all shiny." Ben laughed.
Danny laughed, "Are you complaining?"
"Hell no."
"You can use it on me." She trembles and rolls back over on to her stomach. Vince produced both bottles but sat the lotion aside on her bedding. All in favor of oil he opened the bottle and doused her entire backside. "Shit! That's cold."
Five sets of hands began roaming her backside, her ass fought over made her giggle, then sigh. Hands were getting a lot closer to her vital spots was making her whimper.
"Too close." Greg notes.
"Are we getting too close Christina?" Tucker leaned over her shoulder to whisper.
"Probably...no." She grits her teeth. Allowing intimate contact was likely a mistake yet she just couldn't resist the temptation. She hoped they would stop if it got too much on her nerves.
Two sets of hands roam her inner thighs to both sides of her clam. She sighed loudly at how erotic the closeness was. Another hand between her butt cheeks returned to teasing her butt pucker. Burying her face yet again she hid away her smile. As wrong as this was she realized that she needed this pampering more than she cared to admit. Their being naked scared her, but so far they were still being gentlemen. How long that lasted remained to be seen. Then, came the caress of erections along her hips. She tensed up and hugged her pillow tighter. Even Tucker reworking her shoulders and back was moving down to the sides of her breasts. Her body was caramelized shiny. She was gorgeous.
"Okay under there Christina?" Greg chuckled stroking his cock alongside Nestor, Danny, and Mike. They were too busy watching their buddies oil her prime real estate to care that they were so close together.
"Shaking like a leaf." She mumbled squealing a bit as dicks slip across her flesh. The close proximity clause was out the window already. Her thoughts were that it was impossible to massage her thoroughly without being so close up on her.
"We can stop." Greg shook his head no to his friends even though he aimed to make her stay relaxed.
"I-I'm fine...I'll let you know."
"We taking turns rubbing her down? Or, can we join in the best we can?" Ben wanted back in.
"There's room to get in. Do her feet again." Tucker smirked trying to coax more of them into touching her. The response was moving in for the kill. Danny and Nestor snatched up her feet, sitting to each side of her legs. Christina loved her feet massaged. Joining Tucker on her back from his knees was Theo. His dick by far the biggest actually lay grand along her ribcage in full contact, it made her dig her face deeper into her pillow, actually drawing a second pillow over to use it as a secondary block of her emotions. Six men were touching her at once.
"Fuck you're so hot it's crazy." Theo informed her.
"Thank you." In a soft voice was all she could muster without moaning. Shawn and Vince's hands were nearing the threshold of full on pussy contact. In an unexpected move Danny began sucking her toes. She nearly lost her breath and gasped. Seeing the reaction from her the boys encourage more, so Nestor took to sucking the toes in his possession. "Mmmmmmmmmm! Fuck!" She wailed.
"Want us to stop Christina?" Greg had to stop jerking off or he was gonna jizz.
"Noooooooo! Please don't." She squealed into her pillow. As she shuddered Vince wet his fingertips and took his biggest risk yet, rubbing her labia from behind. Her hips rose slightly upon contact.
"You're really wet Christina." Vince grinned toward his boys as he complimented her.
She merely trembled heavily, no words exhaled at his comment. That led him to rub it more, fingers gently entering their enclosure before her hole. Tucker increased his efforts on her shoulders and neck, her moans becoming more noticeable. Coaxed in for more the remaining boys awkwardly moved in to touch her legs, and caress her hair. She mentally calculated the hands and realized all ten boys were now touching some part of her.
Greg the one stroking her hair leaned in to whisper, "We're all touching you. Hanging in there Beautiful?"
"Yes."
"Our dicks are touching you. That's pretty hard to avoid."
"I-I know it is."
"Want us to back off?"
"NO!"
All eyes meet and stir as her reaction gave them confidence of good things ahead. She was growing lost in her thoughts on being overwhelmed. Then Vince struck gold, a single finger probed her hole and she squealed loudly into her pillow. Gravitating toward her butt pucker Chad poised his fingertip directly over it lightly compressing as if ready to penetrate it. Her body felt the need to spasm as Vince dared to push deeper. Her moans evident due to every part of her backside being touched or sucked upon she lost sight of reality. Something was needed to remind her.
Ben rubbed her butt cheek then proceeded to slap it. The jiggle made them all grit their teeth. They heard her gasp, "Ohhhh shit!" But let it happen again. Ben was on a roll, Vince was in her hole with two fingers now. Chad gently pressing on her pucker. That did the job. Christina Holly had an orgasm. Her deafening squeal excited all ten boys.
"I think Christina is liking our help." Tucker smirked at Greg.
"I think we should stop. She's having trouble breathing."
"NOOO!" Christina lifted her head from her pillows and offers a yearning gaze at Greg. "Please don't."
"Wanna roll over?" Greg caressed her hair. Nodding she attempts escape as all nine other boys give her room to do so. Vince held his fingers up in front of her eyes now that she was exploring everyone. Showing her how wet they were just before he headed back in for more. Her reaction was to drop her jaw and whimper.
"You okay my fingering you?"
"Yes."
Oil bottle tossed to Tucker he coated her front and the others began to roam her entire body. Theo and Tucker both squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. Nestor and Danny resumed sucking her toes as her legs are spread wider and lifted for them to reach their targets. Chad lowered his hand back under her ass cheeks and found her pucker again, This time fingering it in an upwards angle. She found her eyes rolling back into her head.
Dicks touching her belly and her legs she quickly has another orgasm. Greg laying above her head continued monitoring her emotions. She was no where to be found. Eyelids fluttering nonstop as the whites of her eyes gave the boys more to work with. Theo and Tucker back away and join forces in sucking her nipples. Her head tilting back at the sensations made Greg tease her cheek and chin as her tits crushed up against her neckline.
"Do you miss Dixon now?" Greg had to see her reaction, if she even heard him. All she could do was quake and enjoy Vince's fingering, Chad's persistent probes. Mike leaning in over Vince between he and Tucker begins rubbing her clit briskly. That did the trick, she managed a firm shrill, "Yessssssssssss." Then her eyes returned to look up over her brow at Greg, "No."
"No what?"
"I don't miss Dixon." She whimpers, tears forming in her eyes. It was as much a shock to her as it was to the boys.
"I just realized something." Vince chuckled, "Dixon Christina." The others laughed as they thought about it. "Dicks in Christina?" They knew without Vince clearing it up. Christina bulged her eyes at the mention of dicks in her. She loved cumming for the boys but, going all the way was against her morals. Wasn't it? The area was becoming a blur.
"Look what was under the sheet." Danny shares his discovery of her earlier discarded dildo. Wagging it in front of her eyes she dropped her jaw. With Vince, Mike, and Chad still tormenting her pussy and ass Shawn stepped up and took the dildo. Easing between the two boys to lay between her legs, his upper body on the mattress he coaxes Vince to vacate his fingers and let him insert the dildo.
"Damn she's soaked." Shawn acknowledges her thighs trickling on to the sheets. Probing the dildo's crown amid her labia he graduates it inside her cunt with a loud gasp. "You like that don't you Christina?"
"Yes." She weeps as her tits are teased, nipples pinched. Theo getting another idea.
"Fuck that pussy." Ben grew enthusiastic to see the closest thing to a dick to go inside her, inevitably out, back in again. Shawn moved the toy in and out vigorously, she couldn't help but moan. In the process Theo had to admit his thoughts.
"I wanna titty fuck these big ole' tits." Motioning others out of his way Theo straddled her belly blocking her view of Shawn's penetrations. She tensed up at seeing the man with the biggest dick there rubbing his cock amid her cleavage, his balls warm on her belly and obviously very full. Palming her tits Theo begins thrusting between them. At Greg's encouragement he lifts her by the back of her head so that with each thrust Theo's cock rolled across her face in her cramped up angle. She opened her mouth in awe of its girth rolling across her features.
"Look at her expression." Tucker pointed, "Christina is getting crazy inside." Sure she was, her tongue extended out Theo caressed his foreskin along it for a wet greeting.
"You want this in your mouth?" Theo slapped her tongue with his cock. At first she froze then nodded her consent. Tears were destroying her reality. "Ask for it." Theo wanted a consent.
"Please, I want your dick in my mouth."
"There it is Fellas." Greg forced to move from her head to let Theo use the headboard to crawl up to lean over her she opens her mouth wide. Guiding his hips into suspending over her a subtle plunge into her throat sent her into a feeding frenzy. There was no turning back now. Theo couldn't stop grinning at her moans and gurgles.
Vince patting Shawn to let him take over fucked her with the dildo really hard. She was squirting all over her bed and his knuckles, Mike still savagely rubbing her clit for a screaming orgasm beneath their control. Once done Vince pulls the toy out and tosses it at Chad before climbing to his knees between her legs. Using his own cock he motions Mike away in order to slap her clit with his beast. She knew it was real this time.
"Yes or no Christina?" Vince called out, "Am I fucking this gorgeous pussy? By the way, I'm not a virgin." Theo pulling out to let her speak she froze a moment as Vince rubbed his cock amid her slick labia. She knew they weren't really virgins. She was played. So be it.
"Fuck me." She reached a turning point, "I want all of you to fuck me."
No time wasted Vince rammed deep and held her legs up for a steady consistent ride. Theo returned to fucking her face. Hands claimed by Greg and Tucker they curled her fingers around their cocks and made her jerk them. As many boys as could squeeze in rubbed their dicks on her hips and tits. Christina Holly just kept on cumming. When Vince pulled out to jizz on her tummy, he moved away for Danny, then Nestor, then Mike to each take a turn fucking her.
Nutting in her throat Theo made sure she swallowed before vacating her mouth. Left begging for more Tucker escaped her hand and lay over her face from the side and thrust his hips up and down over her face. Greg cumming in her hand shot a load on her shoulder and into her hair.
Mike grunting barely abandons her cunt before firing more cum on to her belly button. Before Ben could take his turn Tucker creamed in her mouth and pulled away. Once free of her body Ben coaxed her up and on her knees. Hitting her cunt from behind Ben began slapping her ass again. Shawn reaching beneath her from the side to rub her clit got her rambling her true thoughts, "I needed this. I want this every day. PAMPER ME." She was howling up a storm.
Scooting in front of Christina on the bed Greg gripped her by her cheeks to lock eyes with her. "You love this attention don't you Christina? Tell us the truth."
"Yes. I've needed something like this for so very long."
"We're here every day until Dixon gets home. You okay with that?"
"Yes. Fuck me. All of you, every day. I won't say no."
"Our whore Neighbor Lady." He pats her cheek.
"Yes. Your whore. I want to be a whore for all of you."
"You leave your door unlocked from here on. We come and go as we please."
"I'll do that."
"Miss your man now?"
"No."
"He leaves every three weeks. We come back and keep your holes filled."
"God yes. I'll take them all."
"We love you Christina." Greg winks.
"Love me more."
That they did. For the next four hours all ten finished up and left her to lay on her bed covered in cum. Each kissing her on the lips before leaving. Warm, wet, passionate kisses. She melted. As the group finally left her alone she bawled her eyes out. Not from shame, not from regret, but from joyful adrenalin. She used her toy one more time before passing out.
In the dead of night Nestor and Danny return, taking her up the ass and her pussy DP. She screamed for another hour. Again, their kisses leaving her breathless.
At 2:00 AM her cell rang. It was Dixon from on the road.
"Hello?"
"Hey Darlin'! Miss me?" Dixon yawned from his trucks sleeper cab. She felt compelled to say, "Yes Baby." Then entered Tucker, Mike, and Shawn back for more just to prove she was willing. As she lay there cell to her ear Tucker lifted her legs and rammed deep inside her sloppy cunt. The other two feeding on her nipples. One hand playing with Shawn's hair, she lifts her cell from her ear and puts it on speaker. Dixon had no clue. Sitting the cell aside she attended the boys who remained quiet but loving on her. She listened to Dixon complain about traffic, almost hitting a deer, and cops being thick on the highway. Arizona was hot as hell. So was Christina. Unable to refrain from moaning she merely utilized her best bet, "I'm cumming for you Dixon." So was Tucker, literally inside her pussy this time. She yelped and accepted her situation. Looking at Tucker she directs her words at him, "I love you."
Condom on Mike added to her night by fucking her right after Tucker. Shawn satisfied by jerking off over her tits. Groans heard yet going unnoticed due to Dixon masturbating along for the ride during phone sex. He was clueless. Two more verses of, "I love you." toward Shawn and Mike as they snuggle next to her. She falls asleep in their arms. Dixon said his goodnights and hung up. The boys eventually left without waking her.
So not over. At 4:30 Theo returned alone and tagged her doggy style, pulling her hair and hitting every hole for another hour. She was wide awake now. Once Theo headed home she got up and goes to her living room to sits down on her sofa. Turning on the TV she found a talk show. Dr. Dan or something like that. Glued to the topic of nymphomaniacs and women who prefer gangbangs she became obsessed toward every word.
"That is so me." Biting her nail in thought she began giggling. "I'm my neighbors little...well not so little whore." She pats the added cellulite of her tummy, "Next whore neighbor. Too funny."
5:45 AM...Greg coaxed her outside on to the front lawn and fucked her missionary under the street lights. Tucker's Dad the groper getting up for work saw them and had to take a walk over to watch. Once Greg pulled out of her gusher to nut on her chest he looks up at Tucker's Dad. "Better get in a quickie Larry. She's still hot."
"How did you...get her to do that?"
"All it took was being nice. You want the old guy Christina?"
"Yes. Fuck my pussy Larry. Grope my breasts like you did from my bathroom window."
"Oh hell yes." His pants were down in a blur and his erection deep inside the green eyed beauty. Greg now standing over her crouches behind her to caress her cheek as Larry hits her hard.
"You should fuck Larry whenever he wants too."
"I will."
"All our Dad's if they want your holes."
"Bring them over."
"All our friends too."
"You have more friends?"
"Shit!" Greg chuckles, "School's out Slut."
Cars began driving by around 6:20 AM. She was still outside naked just sitting and talking with Greg. Larry off to work happier than ever to get his chance at the neighbor girl. No more skulking, he was just going to walk in and get it. They all were.
7:05 AM. Greg and Christina sat on the tailgate of Dixon's pickup truck. Chad making his way over sat on the bed beside her then suggests she give him head. Off the tailgate she went. Cars going by definitely saw her nudity and her deep throat adoration. Honks heard. Wolf calls met with a shake of her big booty, twerking even with her mouth in motion. Not a damn soul would betray her and tell Dixon. In a week the entire block knew of Christina Holly.
In two weeks she had fucked every guy on her block. Father's and sons together. Not once did she change her attitude. She was happy. Over a dozen times she talked to Dixon over the phone while being laid. The Cowboy never once caught on.
Even when Dixon returned from over the road. He got his and fell asleep. She just went outside to satisfy her men. Right under her bedroom window she took three men in DP, one in her mouth. The fan blocking their moans and finalities. At one point she even took the risk of letting Tucker and Greg inside the home while Dixon was in the shower. Fucking in their bed until the water shut off, then finished or not the boys snuck back out. There was no stopping Christina Holly. Bolder and bolder she got.
Once Dixon hit the road again, the real party started. Our ten boys brought ten more friends over, everyone challenged to invite a counterpart. A weekend long gangbang left Christina craving more and more. Two more blocks learned of her behavior. There was no end in sight.
She really was the Next Whore Neighbor.
Fuck you Mister Rogers.
He left his tennis shoes beneath her bed.