I know many that read this story will get tired of hearing the word "love" being mentioned so much. Too bad. What we learned that it is possible to love more than one woman or man. No need to feel guilty or regretful. Plus, this was all done by consenting adults that encouraged our spouses to love others. The ironic thing about love: the more you give, the more it seems to come back to you. Giving seems to bring about more receiving.
As I walked out the door, Jim was walking down the hallway with his large luggage bag. I stopped him, put my arm around him, and thanked him again for loving my wife. That seems strange to say, but I was very sincere. Jim and Roger had both been so good to her as well as myself and she was a different person now.
I entered Dina's room and Roger was almost done packing. They had been talking some before I got there and I thought maybe I had walked in at a bad time. As I mentioned that to them, Dina came over to me and put her arms around my neck and gave me a slow, tongue filled kiss. "That's ok, Bob, nothing's wrong. In fact, Roger was telling me how much he loved Lisa and hoped I understood that he wanted much more of her when we got home. I informed him that you and I would be having more than our share of fun and Lisa and myself were very agreeable about it."
Roger hugged both Dina and myself as he left. He seemed a bit tired and was probably in need of a full night's sleep. In fact, we all needed a good sleep. I know I hadn't slept like I usually do. That's not a complaint, though. I enjoyed every minute with Lisa, Dina, and Jill. I didn't have to go back to work until Monday afternoon so I had plenty of time to catch up on sleep.
I told Dina of Jill's plans to get Roger to the hot tub with her. She wanted to wear her new bikini and was hoping the two of us would join her. I told her about Jill's willingness to flash if the time and mood was right.
Dina's face lit up. She couldn't believe her good friend Jill had come this far along. "I think we should invite Jim and Lisa as well, don't you?" Dina asked. " I bet Jim would love to see her like this "
She had a great point. Jim knew about the bikini but not about Jill's plans to be a show off. We clued in Lisa on the plans but asked her to keep it a secret from Jim until Jill surprises him.
Dina and myself were the first to go to the tubs. Surprisingly, they were both empty. We took the same tub we had been in the night before. Before any of the remainder of our party showed up, a middle aged couple walked in and joined us. We introduced ourselves to them and they told us their names were Paul and Alice from Fresno, about a 4 hour drive north from us.
Paul and Alice looked to be in their mid 50s or so. Paul was kind of short, about 5'6 with a full head of silver hair. He was barrel-chested with a full matt of silverish white chest hair. I thought of Lisa and her chest hair fetish. Paul had a little bit of a gut on him but his body frame carried it well. Alice was quite short. Maybe and even 5 feet tall. She had dark brown hair that would have probably fell almost to her hips but she had pulled it up and clipped it to the back of her head so the spa water wouldn't get it wet.
Alice was somewhat overweight. However, she still had on a modest two piece bathing suit. Her breasts didn't appear real large, maybe a large B cup and she had a few pounds on her tummy that showed and the very modest bikini bottom covered her large hips and lower region very well. She did have some very pleasant facial features. She seemed quite the extrovert and did more of the talking than Paul did.
Since we were on vacation and probably would never see this couple again, we openly shared with them our polyamory lifestyle. We explained that the rest of the group would be here shortly.
At a distance, 'I saw Jim and Lisa walk past the automatic doors and past the bar as they made their way towards the tubs. I was hoping Jill didn't back out. I could almost envision her nerves getting the best of her and going back to that old conservative one piece she preferred.
Jim and Lisa joined us and we introduced them to Paul and Alice. Not long after the introductions were completely, we see Roger and Jill. Jill had on her long terry cloth robe but she had no sooner walked up the steps that led to the hot tub, she removed her robe and revealed that brand new bikini I had bought her just earlier in the day.
Jim's eyes practically jumped out of his head. He made a suggestive comment and watched her closely as she descended the two steps that lowered her suit under the water.
I noticed that Paul as well had paid particular attention to Lisa when she joined us and I think his eyes got stuck on Jill's chest after her robe came off.
After further introductions, we just began talking about our cruise in general, our home lives, families, jobs, sports, and just about anything and everything.
Since we had been so open with Paul and Alice about our lifestyle, they shared with us that they were nudists. They belonged to a nudist club near Sacramento and made frequent trips to a beach about two hours from their home that allowed nude sunbathing. "So, you mean if there weren't rules about being nude in public on the ship, you two would be in here nude?" I asked. "Of course," replied Alice. "For us it's just the freedom of not having to wear clothes or to dress to impress anyone. We aren't necessarily exhibitionists, but we aren't ashamed of our bodies either. We were born naked so it must have been ok with God then, right?"
It was hard to argue with that logic. Lisa and myself knew a couple that were members of a nudist resort somewhere in the Corona area, but we figured it was like a huge swinger's club. Alice corrected my thinking.
She explained that while some swingers are nudists, not all nudists are swingers. Her and Paul got involved in some swinging activities several years ago but they stopped because these couples weren't really friends, they just wanted "fuck buddies".
Jim took over the conversation and explained our lifestyle to them in more detail. It was clear by looking at them that they were very intrigued by Jim's words.
"If we'd found that we'd probably still be doing it," admitted Alice. "We enjoyed having different partners but we felt like we were just pieces of meat and we had no value to our partners except for the sex we provided."
Jill interrupted the conversation and asked Jim what he thought of her new suit. She stood up and wiggled her tits from side to side and there was quite a bit of movement of her heavy tits.
"Damn, baby, if those get loose they're going to injure someone."
Jill looked around to make sure no one else was watching and pulled up her top and shook her large round mounds from side to side and then walked over to Jim and stuck them in his face. Paul and Alice looked almost stunned, then began laughing with the rest of us. Jill figured since they were nudists that they wouldn't be offended by her little show.
"Very sexy Jill" piped up Paul. "You are such a hot dish " Alice playfully poked him in his side. "You're just wishing she'd done that to you, huh?"
Jill looked at Alice. She was trying to figure out if Alice was suggesting that she do it. Alice broke the silence. "Go for it. Give him a face full. That's if your husband's ok with it."
"Go for it Jill " All four of us men practically said the same thing in unison. Jill hesitated for a moment. She had known this guy less than a half hour and she was going to shake her naked chest in his face.
"What the hell?" she thought. She strolled over to Paul. She had Paul stand up while she checked around the pool and tub areas to make sure she had enough privacy.
Seeing the opportunity was now, she pulled up her top and shook her boobs vigorously across his face. Paul's head moved side to side trying to keep up with the movement of her breasts. He finally took them in his hands and buried his face in them. He thanked Jill for the thrill and it was obvious from the tent that had developed in his trunks that he truly was thankful.
"Hey ladies " Jill shouted while looking at Lisa and Dina, " Why should I be the only one giving our new friend a show. Let's whip out those tits, girlfriends! "
Jim had a look of utter shock. He'd never seen his wife like this and he was soaking it all in. With Jill's command, Lisa and Dina lifted up their tops and stood close in front of Paul to give him another eye full of boobs. Again, Paul took it upon himself to softly touch both Lisa and Dina's breast and play with their nipples. Alice was obviously ok with the happenings. "Ok guys," Alice spoke up and lifted her blue top and exhibited her full looking tits. I had guessed a B cup but she was certainly a C cup with very large dark areolas with thick long nipples. They had a fair amount of hang to them but what should you expect for a mid 50s woman?
Personally, I found them very sexy. We saw another couple come to the tub area and walk down to the tub next to us. Alice didn't put the material back on her breasts but sat down in the water where the jets and suds kept them covered. Paul scooted away from her so Jim, Roger, and myself could sit near her and feel her up under the water. I felt my cock getting very hard under the material of my trunks. Alice slowly and inconspicuously covered up her breasts with her blue top. She then reached under the water and felt the bulges in each of our trunks.
We all sat back down. Paul and Alice invited us to their suite for a late night cocktail. All six of us nodded at each other in agreement. We had to get up earlier the next morning. Check-out time was 8am and we needed to have everything out by then. We figured an hour or so at Paul and Alice's suite and we'd all be ready for our partners.
Paul and Alice had a suite just down the hall from Danny and Amanda's. Same size, with a balcony including a patio table and two chairs.
Paul closed the blinds to the balcony as he and Alice just casually began to undress themselves completely. Certainly, they weren't trying to show off. Paul had his belly and he certainly wasn't hung all that much. Alice had the tummy and very wide hips. She had a thin strip of thick dark pussy hair.
"We hope you all understand that we are comfortable in our skins." remarked Alice as she observed our silent looks of surprise." Feel free to join us, but it's not required. This is what we are. We never wear clothes when it's not required. If you aren't comfortable joining us, we're ok with that. We enjoy all of your company."
Paul had ordered a bottle of champagne to be delivered on ice to their suite. Without asking anyone else, Dina took off her robe and bikini and joined our new friends in the nude. Lisa and Jim quickly joined in as well. Roger and myself look at each other as if to say."What the hell, huh?" We tore off our trunks as we saw Jill quickly disrobe.
Paul couldn't resist noticing the bright red pubes on Dina. He politely told her that he found red pussy hair to be a huge turn on to him. Dina took Paul's hand and guided it to her red,slightly curly pubes. Paul then began running his fingers inside the hair, playing with it and pulling on it gently. His cock was now at full attention and he walked back and sat down on the edge of the bed next to Alice.
Alice began playing with Paul's cock. "We're sorry friends," Alice said meekly. "It wasn't our intention to make this sexual. Honestly, we wanted to sit around in the nude and visit. However,when I see my man with this much wood, I must take care of it. I figured you all must be open minded enough to understand."
"Go for it " Jim said in an encouraging manner. " We may have to join you." With that, Lisa and Jim began kissing and caressing each other very passionately. Jim was rock hard and Lisa was working his cock with her hand. Dina began giving me a blowjob while we noticed Roger on the bed next to Paula and Alice already on top of Jill, plunging his hardness into her. Paul then put Alice on her back and began to ram his hardness into her. Between Alice's grunting and Jill's groaning, our room got very noisy. Dina wanted me to let her know when I was going to come. That time came quickly. She stood up against the wall and spread her legs while I stood parallel to her pushing ever inch of my erection into her wet pussy. I came inside her in less than a minute and the noises of pleasure coming from our wall, the bed pleasures, and Lisa had laid on the floor while Jim came inside her.
Dina and myself sat on the floor catching our breath. Paul, Alice, Jill, and Roger laid out on their backs on the bed, looks of contentment all around. Jim and Lisa had started back up again kissing when we heard that knock on the door.
"Room service" we hear. All of us are bare-assed naked. We reluctantly put our robes back on over our bare skin and Paul answered the door. A very tall and very young red-headed kid had the champagne that Paul had ordered. He was at least 6'4 with a very boyish look. He handed Paul a check to sign to put on his account. Paul took the check to the desk, signed it, and added a nice tip. Lisa looked at me and I knew what she was thinking. She gave me an evil smile. I nodded to her in the affirmative. Lisa loosened the cloth belt to her robe and it opened enough for our attendant to get a good full look at Lisa's boobs and pussy.
"Well, let me give you a tip as well," Dina offered. She took her robe off completely as the attendants eyes couldn't believe what he was seeing. "I didn't have any cash so I hope this will do for a tip," Dina teased as she held up her tits in her little hands. "Oh my god, thanks ladies," our attendant was finally able to mutter as neither Lisa or Dina made no attempt to cover back up. Judging by the bulge in his dark pants, he had enjoyed the show. "Well, I have to get back to work but again, thank you so much. All four of you ladies are sexy in my book."
"Wait a second young man," Jill spoke with some authority. "You don't get to leave until you've seen this." With that Jill opened up and almost threw her tits at him. He stared at her breasts for a few seconds then Jill took his hands and guided them to her large round mounds. Alice decided it was time to make it unanimous and took off her robe and gave the young man a kiss.
After the attendant left, we began to laugh at our fortunes for the night. We figured our attendant may have to take a short break and relieve his tensions.
Paul and Alice showed some interest in our lifestyle and were going to see if there were any local groups where they could meet and find people of similar interests. We exchanged phone numbers, addresses, and emails. They were invited any time to any of our homes. They extended the same courtesy to us.
They admitted to us that tonight was the first time in almost 10 years that they had sex in front of someone else. They felt so comfortable with us and it seemed so natural to them. They indicated that they'd be willing to do a full swap in the future if everyone was in agreement. It seemed like it could be a possibility but I'll leave that for another story.
Dina and myself were the first to leave their room. We hugged our new friends and Alice gave me a slow, warm, and full kiss and let her tongue part my lips. She grabbed my left hand and lowered it to her pussy. I played with her pussy lips while kissing her. I finally made myself stop and told her next time we may just have to take it a bit farther.
While walking back to and entering Dina's room, we were recapping our trip so far. Dina was still in awe at how well things went. Not just adding me as a lover, but making other new friends as well. We were anxious to someday get together again with Paul and Alice. Also, Danny and Amanda were a possibility, although we knew that their young age and short time together could be a deterrent. No matter how eager we may be, it is never worth the cost of damaging someone else's relationship.
Either way, we laid on her bed and smiled while reminiscing about our fortunes. I looked over again at Dina and stared at her very hot and sexy naked body. My cock couldn't rise to the occasion but I still wanted to hold and kiss her. We were both very tired and we knew that we had to get up earlier than normal so we shut off the lights and fell asleep in each other's arms. This in itself was very enjoyable.
We had placed a wake up call for 6:30 the next morning. Somehow, by 5:30 I was wide awake with Dina facing towards me with her hand across my naked lap. As I stared over at her beauty and nakedness I began my assessment of what had transpired in my life the past 4 days.
I've always been an analytical sort. My mind wandered back to our preparations for our trip. The excitement we shared with Roger and Dina about getting away for a few days. Lisa and myself figured that Roger and myself would spend some time at the bars and at the casino playing craps while the ladies got manicures, massages, and shopped.
Of course Roger's and Dina's excitement was for much more obvious reasons than ours. When I began thinking about Dina and how we had bonded on this trip, it really made more sense to me. We always really liked each other. We had been through so many good times as well as the rough times together. However, our society and culture had made it seem so taboo for us to act on what seemed so natural to us. I'd spent many hours and days over the past 25 plus years with this wonderful lady that was my sister in law yet pretend that I didn't have any feelings of desire for her. That in itself is a form of hypocrisy.
Now we were able to remove that barrier and be lovers as well as friends. I understood completely how Roger felt for Lisa. How all these years he's probably yearned to be physical with my wife but was afraid of disrupting family harmony and being an outcast for it. This knowledge helped me a great deal to not be jealous at all but rather I wanted to encourage Roger to become closer and more loving to her.
Thinking about Jill caused a different kind of emotion inside me. I'd only known her for 4 days, yet it seemed like a lifetime. We'd shared so much of ourselves emotionally and physically. I laid there amazed at myself for being able to trust someone so much in this short period of time. Lisa and myself had decided to make a better effort to spend more time together once we got home.
When the kids had grown older and child care was no longer an issue at home, Lisa began taking more hours. With such a shortage of nurses in California, she could have worked 7 days a week if she had wanted. The money was great but physically she was beat down. She had her regular job at the hospital but she had some side work at two other hospitals nearby and they'd often call her in on her days off.
Yes, the money was nice and we had done some remodeling on our home between her extra money and my bonuses and didn't need to borrow a penny to do it. However, enough was enough and she decided that effective Monday that she would sever her ties to the two hospitals and just work her 3 twelve hour shifts at her main employment. This would allow us much more time together as well as time with Roger, Dina, Jim, and Jill.
I must have been in very deep thought because when the phone rang for our wake-up call, I damn near jumped up out of the bed. That ring wasn't too loud, but when in a trance-like state that ringer might as well have been a ambulance siren.
Dina laid there in a half awake and half asleep daze. I pulled the rest of her covers down and perched my face between her legs and slowly took my tongue and probed her sweet pussy. It wasn't long before her juices were going and she had my whiskers on my mustache and goatee soaking wet. She had a wet spot on our sheets as well. She began her loud moaning and light screams as I continued to tickle her clit with my tongue. By this time my entire face was wet from her juices. Feeling her wetness and hearing her pleasure had raised my cock to full attention. I slowly slid my hardness in her and pounded away in rhythmic thrusts.
While my hips were thrusting in and out of Dina, my mouth moved up to her chest and my tongue began to make little circles around her hardened nipples. This caused another loud groan from her and I felt her pussy contracting with my member inside.
My sac was filling up and I had to relieve my load somewhere. I told Dina that I'm about to come, letting her decide where I should deposit the white and sticky love potion.
"All inside me babe, shoot yourself inside me....NOW" she demanded. With that command I groaned loudly as I emptied myself inside her warm and very wet pussy. She tightened up so to catch every drop possible. Dina's look on her face was priceless. Without saying a word, she was telling me how satisfied she was. She again told me how much she loved me and was hoping that when we got back home that we'd find plenty of time to spend together as friends and an occasional hot turn in bed.
I still had lots of questions for Dina. Questions such as,"What is it that persuaded you and Roger to look for sex outside of your marriage?" Also, "Do you plan to keep up your exhibitionist behavior once we're back home?"
After showering and putting the rest of our goods in our small carry on bags, we met the others at the breakfast buffet. Today's buffet menu was considerably smaller that the previous three days. However, there was plenty of fruits, cereals, and breads. Jim and Jill had already planned on staying the weekend with Roger and Dina. Their youngest daughter had just moved out to Tempe, Arizona with a friend of hers from high school. Our son was going to the same school and was going to move in the the girls in a couple of weeks. He had a job at a local multi-plex theater and wanted to work there a couple of more weeks to make a few more dollars before moving. Since this was a large chain of theaters, there were plenty to choose from in the Tempe and Phoenix area in which he could transfer and work while in school. Since Roger and Dina had the empty nest for the weekend, we agreed to spend Friday and Saturday night at their home while Jim and Jill were visiting. This would give us a couple of more nights to get acquainted and possibly a little more action. Also, since they had a hot tub inside a private gazebo in their back yard, we figured that was easily our best option.
The biggest surprise was saved for the last by Jim and Jill. They announced to the four of us that they had decided to sell the family clock business and use the profits to help buy a home back in Orange County and go into semi-retirement. They would reopen their massage business on a part time basis and run it out of their home in Orange County. Some of their clients actually looked them up when visiting the Las Vegas area and would ask them to come back to Southern California.
The best news was that neither of us would ever have to pay for a massage again. They were licensed in Swedish, deep tissue, and shiatsu methods of massage. They also had perfected the art of erotic massage and were anxious to show myself and Lisa what we'd been missing.
All the bags had been tagged with different colors. Jim and Jill had the blue tags and the rest of us had green. They called people off the ship by color and Jim and Jill were called before us.
Before leaving, Jill hugged and kissed me. She told me that when I got home and re-packed for the weekend not to bother showering first. "I'm sure there's room for the two of us at Dina's place," she quipped with a wink of her beautiful eyes and a devilish grin. It's been a long time since I looked forward this much to taking a shower. Yes, I was in love with three woman and having the time of my life.