This is the sixth installment of an ongoing series. Please refer to Wrestling on the Third Date, Hiking With Nicole, Waiting for Alice, I'll Take the Uglier One, and Naked Oil Wrestling (in that order) for what came before.
Within three months we were all living together in Nicole's new house. My lease was almost up, anyway, so I moved in with my few belongings a week after Nicole did. Alice was able to sublet her apartment easily enough and joined us a couple of weeks later. I was a little worried that actually living together was going to ruin what we had. I mean, before, when the three of us would get together we barely had enough time for the sex before we all had to go back to our lives. Living together was going to bring a new dynamic to our relationships, waking up together every morning, having our meals together, encroaching on our personal space, sharing bills and chores, and all of the other things that led to the ruination of my marriage. To my great relief everything went surprisingly well.
When my daughter was there we were like a normal family. Meals at the dining room table, toys strewn across the floor all over the house, Disney DVDs on the television. The rest of the time... well...
We sat down, the three of us, the day that Alice moved in, and had a meeting. Officially we were going to go over the chores, the bills, etc., but we had all that figured out within fifteen minutes. We agreed to vote on every major decision, and anything could pass with a two vote majority. What we were really interested in talking about was the sexual ground rules. For most of the time Nicole and I were going to share the master bedroom, and Alice was going to have the second bedroom, but I think we all knew it wasn't necessarily going to be that way all the time.
"If Fred's not in the mood one night you and Alice can switch places. If I'm not in the mood one night," Nicole said, and Alice and I smirked at each other. Nicole was insatiable. Neither of us could picture that actually happening. "You two can be together. But if all three of us want to be together," Nicole continued, "We know that my bed is big enough."
"To spice things up a little," Nicole added, "When it's just the three of us, I think it would be fun to require that all chores be done... naked."
Alice and I looked at each other again. Nicole was the exhibitionist. I was a voyeur. Alice tended towards being a dominatrix. I don't think either of us minded mandatory naked time when it was just us around, but I suddenly pictured all of our neighbors with binoculars trying to get a glimpse of a naked Nicole vacuuming. "Okay," I said, looking at Alice to verify that she wasn't going to protest, "But I can be dressed when I mow the lawn, right?" Nicole nodded. "Then please try to keep the blinds closed when you're doing your chores, okay?"
"Oh no, you're not going to get possessive on me now, are you?" Nicole asked playfully.
"No," I said... "No. It's just... I don't know..."
"Fred!" Nicole shouted to shut me up. "I'm quite happy with the both of you. I'm not going to be standing in the window with my tits hanging out trying to seduce the mailman, and I don't need to show myself to other people to get off. This will be just for us. I think it will be fun."
"Okay," I said, thinking to myself that I would never not have an erection again. Then again, ever since my first sexual encounter with Nicole almost a year ago, I had had almost a continuous hard-on. Nicole was still talking about when we should be naked. We should be naked when we cook. We should be naked when we watch television. We should be naked when we read. I finally had to stop her. "I appreciate the fact that you want us all to be naked, all the time," I said, "But it's a little too much. How about we just be naked when we want to be?"
"I'm sorry," Nicole said, "I just want us living together to be fun and erotic."
"It will be, I promise," I said. Nobody else had anything to add, but all of the talk of being naked made us horny, so we skipped helping Alice unpack and went straight to the master bedroom.
I didn't think that the "naked chores" thing was going to do much for me, until the first time I actually saw Nicole doing chores, naked. I wandered into the master bathroom and there she was, scrubbing the tub, naked. Her ass was in the air, wiggling back and forth with the effort. Before I even knew what I was doing I had my pants around my ankles and my cock in my hand. I watched her work for a minute or so, stroking myself, until Nicole happened to take a peek and see me standing there. I could see her smile, and slide a hand down below herself to rub her pussy.
It was all the invitation that I needed. I closed the distance and grabbed her hips, burying my cock into her pussy in one stroke. Nicole gasped and I grunted, and I started fucking her for all I was worth. I was rarely aggressive, but it did feel good to just step up and take charge once in a while.
This had all the makings of a "quickie," so within a couple of minutes I was shooting my load into Nicole. Nicole cried out as her orgasm was triggered by me coming inside her. She turned to me when it was over. "I love you," she said.
"I love you too," I replied, and then Nicole turned back and continued to clean the tub, our combined juices slowly dribbling down her thigh.
We moved in during the winter, and it turned out that in the spring we all had milestone birthdays to celebrate. First Nicole's 35th, then Alice's 30th, then my 40th all came within two months of each other. It seemed like every weekend there was another huge birthday party with somebody's family and friends. All of the parties were at our house. Our friends and families all got a turn at seeing how we lived. Our friends, especially those that knew or guessed what was really going on were eager for details about who did what, where, and to whom. When I was being grilled I would only smile and change the subject.
The first time I mowed the yard in the spring both Nicole and Alice decided to have a little fun with me. Our little yard was fenced in and surrounded by trees, so it did afford us some privacy. Knowing Nicole that was a major reason why she chose this house in the first place. My mind wandered as I pushed the mower around the yard, thinking about what outdoor adventures we might have in the privacy of our own backyard, as long as we didn't draw any attention to ourselves.
Movement in one of the windows of the house caught my attention, and I turned to see Nicole and Alice were both standing in front of our large bedroom windows. When they saw that they had finally gotten my attention, they both pulled their shirts up and flashed me their tits, pressing them up against the glass for good measure. I stared at the show they were putting on, and then furtively glanced around, wondering if there was a chance anybody else could see them. No, there was no way anybody could see into our bedroom windows from anywhere but our yard. I looked back down to try to regain my bearings. Where had I already been and where was I going? I looked back at the windows and only saw Alice standing by her window. She was blowing kisses and swaying her hips seductively. Suddenly Nicole appeared behind Alice and lifted her shirt from behind her, baring her breasts to me again. Nicole began kissing Alice's neck and fondling her breasts from behind. At that point I gave up all hope of being able to mow the yard in a quick and orderly fashion, and just hoped that as I wandered around the yard aimlessly while staring up at the show that was being put on for me, that I did somehow manage to cut all of the grass.
Alice's shirt was completely off now, and Nicole's hands were in her pants. Alice leaned forward and pressed her breasts against the window again, simultaneously pressing her butt backwards and into Nicole's crotch. Alice motioned to me with her hand, the universal sign for "whip it out."
I looked around again. Our yard was fenced in, surrounded by a white picket fence six feet high. Trees ringed the sides of the house, obscuring our view of the houses on either side of us, and hopefully their view of us. Behind us was all woods. I was wearing sweatpants, and I would have to pull them down, at least a little, to get to my prick. Back in the window I could see Nicole's face beside Alice's. She was a little more insistent. She banged on the glass and I could see her mouth the words "whip it out!"
With a sigh I turned the lawn mower so that I was directly facing the window and pulled my sweatpants and underwear down my hips. I only pulled them down as far as I had to in order to get access to my dick comfortably. It was enough for Nicole and Alice, though. They were shouting encouragement to me that was loud enough to hear, even through the window and over the roar of the idling lawn mower.
I took hold of myself and began stroking. In the window Nicole was pulling Alice's pants down, leaving her completely naked. Nicole turned Alice around and pressed her against the window, bent over and spread eagled, so that her naked ass and pussy were visible up against the window. Nicole stood beside her and began to finger her aggressively, causing Alice to grind her ass against the window. I stood watching them twenty feet from the window and continued stroking myself, feeling like a dirty old voyeur.
Alice was now undressing Nicole, pulling her top over her head and her pants down her legs. She pressed Nicole forward against the glass, her breasts against the window, and reached around from behind her and began to stroke her pussy. I furtively glanced around again, still wondering if somewhere, somehow someone was watching us. Pushing the thought away again, I increased my stroking and felt my orgasm start to build.
Nicole was cumming now, right up against the window. Her cheek was pressed up against the glass as well as her breasts, her breath fogging up the window by her face. The sight was enough to push me over the edge, and I turned to the side away from the lawn mower and shot my load onto the grass, grunting as I came. When it was over I turned back to the window to see Nicole and Alice cheering, jumping up and down, their breasts bouncing. They each blew me a kiss and disappeared, and I was left to pull up my pants and try to finish mowing the yard.
As far as our careers went, Nicole and I had regular nine to five office jobs and fairly normal schedules. On the other hand, Alice was in pharmaceutical sales and had a crazy schedule. She was frequently traveling, and as time went on I began to realize I missed her when she was gone. She was no longer my girlfriend's lover, she was mine, too. Still, when Alice was away, Nicole and I were a perfectly happy couple.
I came home from work one evening while Alice was away, and Nicole was already home. We usually got home at more or less the same time, but it was obvious Nicole had gotten home from work early and not told me about it.
"You're home!" Nicole squealed, and came charging out from the kitchen to greet me at the door. I was shocked to see her dressed like a 50's housewife, like Donna Reed or something. She had wrapped a scarf around her head, holding up her long brown hair. She wore a conservative white blouse and a huge poodle skirt. Her waist looked smaller than usual and her bust looked bigger than usual. I guessed that she was wearing some kind of corset under her clothes. Also, she rarely wore makeup, especially around the house, but she had caked on foundation, and rouge, and eye shadow, and mascara. I immediately realized she was role playing, and even though she looked gorgeous, I couldn't help but laugh at how she had dolled herself up.
Nicole wasn't going to let my laughter get in the way of whatever she had planned. She kissed me on the lips, chastely, barely even touching me, but shutting me up effectively. "How was your day?" Nicole asked. "Let me take your hat and coat."
When she said that I started to worry for her sanity a little bit, because I wasn't wearing either. Still, she pantomimed taking off an invisible hat from my head and coat from around my shoulders, and placing them on an imaginary coat rack by the door. "Here, let me loosen your tie, dear," she continued, pretending to undo a tie that I wasn't wearing. My office was business casual, and she knew it. "Take your shoes off," she said, and to my surprise knelt down in front of me and helped me pull off my dress shoes. As I lifted up my leg so that she could pull off my shoe, Nicole subtly ran her hand along the inside of my thigh. I jumped at little at the touch, not sure what to expect from the situation I suddenly found myself in. Nicole looked up at me and grinned her mischievous, sexy grin. I could sense her telling me, just go along with this, you're going to enjoy it.
Nicole took my shoes and placed them by the door. "I've got your slippers and paper all ready for you, by your favorite chair," Nicole said. "Sit down; dinner will be ready in five minutes. I made meat loaf." She gave me another quick peck on the cheek, and then hurried out of the living room. I watched her go, incredulous, and then wandered over to my recliner where my slippers were laid out exactly where my feet would be. A newspaper sat on the coffee table. Nicole really went all out. We didn't have a newspaper delivered, nor did I read one. Usually when I got home from work I changed immediately and went on the computer or browsed the internet on my phone. I didn't want to disappoint Nicole, though, so I stayed in my work clothes, sat in my recliner, slid my feet into my slippers, and started idly flipping through the newspaper.
Dinner was indeed ready in five minutes. "Dinner's ready," Nicole called out from the kitchen, and a few seconds later she carried out the steaming dish and set it down on the dining room table. I found that the dining room table was already set, and sat myself down in one of the chairs. Nicole helped me slide my chair in, and stuffed a napkin into my neckline to cover my shirt. She gave me a long, lingering kiss, and then cut a chunk of meat loaf and put it on my plate. I was afraid she was going to cut my food for me, too, but she let me handle that myself, at least. I wasn't used to being doted on, but I tried to enjoy it.
Nicole barely ate, probably continuing to play along with the housewife persona, and with it the impression that they did all of the cooking and cleaning and hardly ate to keep their girlish figures. Instead she chattered on nearly all through dinner. She talked about a soap opera that she watched, conversations she had with her friends, all trivial, superficial things. Nicole was an intelligent, worldly person, and I didn't particularly like this superficial airhead she was pretending to be.
When dinner was over, she shooed me out of the dining room instead of letting me help clean up. "Go smoke your pipe and watch your favorite show," she said.
"Good lord, you didn't get me a pipe to smoke too, did you?" I asked.
"Just go relax, darling," Nicole said serenely as she cleared the dining room table.
I wandered back into the living room and turned on the television. I looked around for a pipe, but was somewhat relieved that I didn't find one. I didn't smoke and wasn't about to start just to help make Nicole's fantasy a little more realistic. There was a big, important hockey game on that evening, so I settled in to watch it, in my usual position, sitting forward on the recliner chair, so I could be as close to the action as possible. All the while I could hear Nicole cleaning up in the kitchen. She was breaking her own rules by not taking her clothes off, I mused, but she was obviously not done with her role playing yet.
Eventually she emerged from the kitchen. "Are you comfortable?" She asked. "Can I get you anything?"
"I'm fine, thanks," I said.
Nicole pulled the handkerchief off of her head and let her long brown hair fall across her shoulders. She sat down on the couch beside me and reached down to pull off her heels. I took note of the black stockings she was wearing underneath her poodle skirt. "Are you sure there isn't anything I can do for you, darling?" She asked.
I could start to see where we were going with this. She was trying to be the perfect little submissive housewife and let me do whatever I wanted to her. Strangely enough, in our three person dynamic, I was probably the most submissive of all of us. I wasn't submissive in the BDSM sense; it was just that I was happy to be told what to do sexually. And although I call Alice a dominatrix, there really wasn't very much BDSM activity going on. Alice just thrived when she was in charge. She got off on it. When it was just me and Nicole, I usually let Nicole decide what we did and how we did it, because she was the more creative and aggressive of the two of us. However, here was Nicole taking on this submissive role and looking to me to tell her what I wanted of her. Well, what did I want? I asked myself. I had had a long day at work. I kind of just wanted to sit and watch the hockey game. "I'm fine, thanks," I said again, afraid that I was disappointing her but not really confident enough that I could play the role she was hoping I would play.
"Oh, darling," she said theatrically, and I turned to look at her, afraid that I had upset her. "You've had a rough day," she continued, jumping off of the couch and around behind my recliner. "You need a massage." She grabbed hold of my shoulders and began to rub and knead them. It was, honestly, probably exactly what I needed from her right then, and I took a deep breath and leaned back in the recliner. She continued to rub my neck and shoulders with her strong and talented fingers for five or ten minutes, until I felt like all of the tension had left my body. "Is that better?" Nicole asked, and slowly slid her hands down over my chest and down to my stomach. If I wasn't going to be aggressive, she was going to seduce me. I could feel myself growing hard as her hands approached my waist, but they stopped.
"Yes, thank you," I said, "Much better." And I meant it.
"Oh, but you're still tense!" Nicole cried, and rushed around to the front of the recliner. She paused to push her long brown hair back behind her shoulders. "Let me make it all better," she said. Without another word she knelt down between my legs and began to undo my belt. I looked down at her, and she grinned at me, the wonderfully dirty smile that she had. Nicole undid my pants, and slid her hand into my underwear, pulling my swelling cock out. "I know I'm a good Christian housewife, but I read in Cosmo that this is the best way to please your husband," Nicole said, and this time I did manage not to laugh out loud, but just barely. Nicole was about the furthest thing from a 'good Christian housewife' that I could imagine. She was, of course, bi-sexual, and otherwise sexually adventurous. She was career-minded, swore like a sailor, and had two small tattoos, and only had that few because I kept talking her out of getting more. I liked her smooth, unblemished skin, and I didn't want there to be less of it. "I only hope the girls in the knitting club don't find out about it," Nicole continued, taking my cock in her hand and stroking it, "Although I bet that slut Betty Wilson does it for her husband all the time."
That line made me laugh out loud. I decided to play along with her. "Now sweetie," I said, "Don't go gossiping about your neighbors. That's not very Christian."
"I know," Nicole said, "But sometimes... sometimes I just want to be so... bad. Would you like me to be bad?" She asked seductively.
In order to play the role Nicole wanted me to play, I had to think not as myself, the middle-aged divorced pervert, but as the wholesome young 50's husband to her 'good Christian housewife.' I struggled to think about how somebody who grew up sexually repressed in that era might respond. "Suh... suh... sweetie," I stammered, as she lowered her head toward my cock, "What are you doing?"
"Don't worry," Nicole said, "Just relax. You're going to enjoy this." She put her mouth on my cock and began to lick and suck it.
"Ahh..." I said. And I meant it. "That Jimmy Wilson is a lucky man," I mumbled.
Nicole laughed. It came out as a bit of a snort with my cock in her mouth. She quickly pulled it out and passed it off as a giggle. "Oh darling," she said, "I feel like such a dirty girl." She paused to give my dick a lick. "I also read about women who touch themselves... down there," she said the last two words in a whisper, as though she was ashamed to even think of such a thing. "Do you think I should try that too?"
Again, I wracked my brain to try to come up with the appropriate response for my 'character.' "That would be breaking a commandment," I said sternly. "Masturbation is a sin."
"Oh, they're not going to send me to hell if I do it, just this once, will they?" Nicole asked, still in her sweet housewife voice. She stood up, blocking my view of the important hockey game that I hadn't even noticed for several minutes. She started to hike up her skirt. I watched her stocking covered legs come into view, the stocking tops on her thighs, and the garters attached to the garter belt around her hips. She had the 50's style down pat, except for the fact that she wasn't wearing any panties. And, of course, that her pussy was completely shaved. I could see it glistening with her juices. She must have really been turned on by all of this.
Nicole made a show of looking under her dress. "Oh my," she said innocently, "Did I forget to wear my Wednesday panties?" I was staring at her crotch. She noticed me looking. "We always do it under the covers with the lights off," Nicole said, "Have you never seen a woman's privates before?" I shook my head no. "Let me show you," Nicole said, taking the hand not holding up her skirt and spreading her pussy lips for me. "That's where you stick your big, hard penis in me every night," she said, opening her pussy wide. "And this," she continued, placing her fingers on her clitoris, "Cosmo said that touching this can make me... orgasm." She said the last word in a whisper; as if she was afraid Jesus would hear her. "Mmm..." she moaned, rubbing her hand along her clitoris and pussy lips, "This does feel good."
Nicole slid back to her knees in front of me, her hand still underneath her skirt. She took hold of my hard cock with her other hand. "Would you like me to keep touching myself... down there... while I give you a... blow job?" She asked.
"If you must," I said, trying to sound dismissive and authoritative but probably sounding like a pretentious asshole, "But you should go straight to confession afterward." I winced after I said that. I grew up without religion, and I wasn't sure that it was the Christians that did confession. Was it the Catholics? Was there a difference?
If I was wrong Nicole glossed over it. "Oh, thank you darling!" Nicole said, and then gasped. "This feels so good." She lowered her head back onto my lap and resumed my blow job. She gasped again. "Being touched like this feels so good... I want you to touch me like this... every night!" Nicole said in between licking my penis like an ice cream cone.
Nicole was certainly giving the blow job not as a timid housewife who had never given one before, but as someone who had given me, at least, countless blow jobs already. I leaned back in the recliner and let her do her thing, listening to the hockey game with my eyes closed, occasionally hearing the sounds of the blow job, or of her skirt as she explored herself with her fingers.
"Ugh," Nicole suddenly moaned, "I'm such a bad girl. I'm touching myself and sucking on you... but it feels so good... it feels so... oh my God!" She cried out as she orgasmed, then took my cock back into her mouth and sucked for all she was worth as she fingered herself through her orgasm.
"Mmm..." she moaned as her orgasm subsided, "I'm a bad girl..." she mumbled... "I'm a... I'm a dirty girl..." she said as she brought the hand that was under her skirt up to her eyes. I could see that they were wet. "I want to taste how dirty I am," Nicole said, and slid her fingers into her mouth. "Mmm..." she said, raising her fingers to my lips, "Taste."
I took her fingers into my mouth, tasting her. "Yes, darling," I said, unable to come up with anything else to say.
"I want to be dirty," Nicole said in between licking my cock, "I want to be the dirtiest slut in town. I want you to cum all over my face."
I felt my cock twitch when she said that. I went back to my pretentious asshole voice. "Are you sure sweetie?" I asked.
"Yes, darling," she said, "Ruin my makeup. Ruin my hairdo. Ruin my clothes. Cum all over me." She took my cock, which was fully hard and slick with her saliva, and began stroking vigorously.
I felt my orgasm building. "I'm gonna cum," I warned her. Nicole stayed in place, the tip of my cock pointing right at her chin. "Do it," Nicole said, "Do it for me."
My hips started bucking, and with it the recliner started rocking back and forth. Suddenly neither of us had any idea where my cum was going to go. I felt the first spasm, and saw a spurt of cum fly into the air and land on Nicole's forehead. It was dead center, right over the bridge of her nose. What a shot. A second spurt landed on her chin. I collapsed back into the recliner as my orgasm subsided. When I came back to my senses I was aware that Nicole was rubbing my cum all over her face, ruining her makeup.
"I'm a dirty slut," Nicole mumbled, "I'm a dirty, dirty slut." She certainly looked like a mess; her face was now covered in cum and smeared makeup. She reached behind herself and undid her skirt, letting it fall to the floor and then stepping out of it. She undid the buttons on her blouse, and then pulled it off. She was now standing in front of me in her black stockings, garters, and corset. She started to undo her corset, and I was glad that she did it herself, because it looked like the most complicated piece of clothing I had ever seen, and far, far too complicated for me to help her with. Nicole got it off of herself without too much trouble, and started to fondle her C cup breasts.
"Cosmo said that I can get pleasure from my breasts, too," Nicole said. "Mmm... this feels good. Would you like to touch my breasts?" She didn't wait for a response from me. She climbed up into my lap in the recliner, straddling me, and thrust her chest at me. I obligingly took her breasts in my hands and started massaging them.
"Oh, darling," she moaned, "That feels so good. Would you like to kiss them too?" She pressed her chest against my face, and I took a breast in my mouth, swirling my tongue around her nipple, which instantly grew hard. She started to grind her pelvis against mine, her bare shaved pussy against my cock which was still hard. Suddenly, either by accident or by design, I found myself inside her.
"Oh," Nicole gasped, "This is so dirty! We're making love outside the marital bed."
"Hah," I said to her nipple. Nicole got a rhythm going, rocking back and forth against me, using the rocking motion of the recliner to her advantage. I tried to pitch in at one point, bucking my hips against her, and threw the rhythm off. After that I just let Nicole do her thing.
The role playing really got Nicole going. She was more turned on than usual. She was grunting and moaning while she fucked me, and I sucked on her nipples. Within a few minutes she was cumming again. She was usually more or less in control of herself, but she started babbling as her orgasm hit. "Oh my God, I love you so much," she mumbled, "I want to have your baby."
I was startled. I waited for Nicole to say something else, but as her orgasm subsided she collapsed against me, nuzzling against my neck. She lay against me quietly for a while, while I was left to wonder if she meant anything she just said. Was it all part of her "character?" Was she so caught up in the moment she wasn't even aware of what she was saying?"
"Thank you," Nicole eventually whispered in my ear. "Did you enjoy yourself?"
"Yes," I replied, "Next time I'll be Captain Kirk and you can be a green-skinned Orion girl."
Nicole laughed. "Okay, deal," she said, and she climbed off of me to go clean herself up.
Nicole didn't bring up what she had said to me again, but I couldn't stop thinking about it. Nicole had just turned 35. Was her 'biological clock' ticking? Did she secretly want to have a child and was afraid to come right out and tell me? I already had a daughter, and I was pretty vocal about not wanting any more children. What would happen if Nicole ever confronted me about wanting a child?
I kind of started wanting to talk to Alice about it, except I was rarely alone with Alice. When she was around it was always the three of us. Despite what Nicole had said when we moved in about me and Alice being together when Nicole wasn't in the mood, Nicole was never not in the mood. Even when Nicole had her period she would insist on sucking both of us off until we were both sore and her jaw ached.
As luck would have it, a few weeks later Nicole had to go out of town for a two day conference. Alice and I were going to be together without Nicole for the first time. Well, we weren't quite going to be alone. Nicole insisted that we wait for her to be back alone in her hotel room so that she could skype with us and watch.
Alice got home later than I did, so I made dinner that night. I made grilled barbecue chicken with rice. I wasn't a cook, but I was able to make edible food, at least. Alice got home and we ate. I'm not sure about Alice, but I felt Nicole's absence, like a void. Nicole was going to call when she was settled into her hotel room, but the call didn't come before we were finished with dinner. There was an air of expectancy, like there usually was when we were going to do something different. I'm not sure how Alice felt, but I was looking forward to having her all to myself for a night.
"Thank you for dinner," Alice said, and she kissed me, pressing her tall, voluptuous body against me, but we stopped there, waiting for Nicole's call.
We found ourselves sitting in the living room in front of the television, like a couple of awkward teenagers afraid to make the first move. We made small talk and watched TV. Finally the phone rang. Nicole was calling to tell us she was ready. We wandered into the bedroom and Alice set her laptop on the dresser across from the bed. She set up the chat with Nicole, and her face appeared on the screen.
"Wow, what a long day," Nicole said, "Full of meetings and presentations I could barely stay awake in! You didn't get started without me, did you?"
"No," Alice and I both said, glancing at each other.
"Good," Nicole said. Alice and I traded glances again. I was suddenly sheepish. I was a voyeur, not an exhibitionist. I felt a little self-conscious having Nicole watching me from a computer screen. I got the feeling that Alice felt the same way. "What are you guys shy or something?" Nicole asked, and I could see her eyes darting back and forth between us. "Okay, I'll get things started," she said, and she stood up in front of her laptop. She had already changed into a white fluffy hotel robe. She loosened the top and bared her breasts to the camera. "I was so turned on all day, just thinking about this," Nicole said, "During a break I ran to the bathroom and got myself off. I wasn't alone in the bathroom, either." She took one of her breasts in her hand and started fondling it, moving it close to the camera.
Alice and I looked at each other, knowing that while Nicole was busy sticking her boob in front of the camera she couldn't see us. I sensed that we were having the same conflicting thoughts. Yes, we wanted to be with each other. Yes, we both felt weird about being watched. I decided to take the initiative. I approached Alice slowly, and ran my hand along her cheek and neck. Alice smiled at me, and I kissed her, softly and tenderly.
"Good," Nicole said. I glanced at her, and she was back in her chair, her hands fondling her breasts. Alice and I kissed more passionately. I started to run my hands along her back and through her long blonde hair.
Alice broke the kiss and moved her lips to my left ear, facing away from the camera. She probably wanted Nicole to think that she was kissing my neck and ear, but she was really whispering to me. "I've wanted you to myself for so long," Alice whispered, "Do we have to put on a show for Nicole or can we do what comes naturally?" She brought her lips to mine and kissed me again.
I brought my lips to Alice's ear and whispered, "I've wanted you too. We can do what we want. Nicole could get herself off watching us brush our teeth."
Alice laughed and quickly passed it off as a gasp. She turned to look at Nicole and I followed her gaze. She was still watching us and fondling her breasts. "You guys are so hot together," she said, "Start undressing."
Alice and I locked eyes again. It was a warm summer evening, and we had both changed out of our work clothes before dinner. I was in a t-shirt and shorts. Alice was wearing a simple top with spaghetti straps and shorts. She wasn't wearing a bra, and her nipples were clearly visible through her top. We came together and kissed again, just to let Nicole know we weren't going to follow her orders. This was our night, and we were going to do what we wanted, when we wanted to. I felt Alice press herself against me. I could feel her hardened nipples against my chest and her hips against my hardening cock. Eventually I reached for her top and pulled it over her head.
I looked at Alice, now topless, her long blonde hair covering the tops of her D cup breasts. She was a beautiful woman, but to me she looked especially beautiful just then. Finally she was mine, and mine alone. I was suddenly aware that I was gazing at her intently, and she was smiling at me uncertainly. I smiled back at her, and then closed the distance and kissed her passionately, crushing her against me. We kissed for a while longer, and then Alice reached to pull my t-shirt over my head. We kissed again, and I slowly began to guide her toward the bed. We reached the edge and climbed up onto it, Alice sliding backwards with me on top of her until her head was on the pillows. We kissed some more while I lined my crotch up against hers. I ground my crotch into hers while I kissed her neck and shoulders. I moved down and began to kiss her breasts, kissing and licking my way to her nipple. I kissed and sucked on her nipple until it was hard. Alice gasped and ran her fingers through my short brown hair. She moved my head to her other breast and I obligingly sucked on that nipple until it was hard. She pulled my head back to hers and we kissed.
"This is a bad angle!" I heard Nicole shout from the laptop. "I can't see what you're doing!"
"Use your imagination!" I shouted back.
"Ugh, this is a bad porno," Nicole said, "I need more camera angles."
"No more complaining or else I'm going to turn my computer off," Alice said. We locked eyes; mere inches apart, and smiled. I started to kiss my way down her body again. I kissed and sucked on each nipple until it was hard, and then I started to kiss my way down her belly. When I had kissed my way to the top of her shorts, I took them and slowly began to pull them down, kissing her exposed skin as it appeared, inch by inch. Alice hadn't shaved recently. She basically had a five o'clock shadow around her pussy. I pulled her shorts off of her legs. She didn't bother to wear panties. I had her ankles propped up on my shoulders. I caressed her bare legs, and began to kiss my way down her right leg, from her ankle to her thigh. I skipped to her left thigh and kissed back to her ankle. I looked at Alice. She was watching me intently, her hands lightly touching her breasts.
"That's so hot," Nicole was saying from the computer. "I want to watch you go down on Alice."
I looked at Alice and she nodded at me. I had a flash of inspiration and moved to the side so that Nicole could see what I was doing. I gingerly kissed the prickly stubble around her pussy. I slid a finger along Alice's pussy and clit, causing her to moan. I put my mouth on her clitoris and began to lick and suck at the hardened nub. Alice gasped. I slid a finger into her wet pussy and began to slide it in and out.
A sound caught my attention, and I stopped what I was doing to look at Nicole. She was cumming, hunched over her laptop, her face right by the camera. I could see by the movement of her arm that she was frigging herself like mad. "Oh my God," she gasped, "I love watching you two."
Nicole always made fun of me when I would get off quickly watching her and Alice together. "Already?" I asked.
"Unlike you, I'm just getting warmed up," Nicole retorted, standing and pulling her robe off of her, so that she was now naked. The camera was pointing towards her belly button, but I could clearly see her pussy. She slid her finger along her engorged lips. "See how wet I am?" I heard her ask.
It was only an 18 inch screen, so you couldn't really see that much detail, but I humored her. "Yes," I said, and turned my attention back to Alice. I slid my finger back inside her and resumed licking her clitoris. Alice reached for my shorts and began tugging on them. I stopped what I was doing so that I could pull the rest of my clothes off, my 7 inch erection springing free.
"I want to see my friend," Nicole called from the computer, "Bring him to me."
I glanced at Alice, and then climbed off the bed and over to the dresser. Just like with Nicole the laptop camera was pointed more or less at my belly button, but I'm sure she got a good look at my cock.
Nicole opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out, "Put it here," she said, "Put it right here."
I playfully took hold of myself and gave it a couple of strokes. Nicole stuck out her tongue again, as though I was going to shoot cum onto it from 500 miles away. We were both laughing. Suddenly I felt Alice's hands on me, pulling me back towards the bed. "Sorry honey," she said to Nicole, "He's all mine tonight."
I fell backward onto the bed and Alice was beside me, taking my cock in her hand and stroking it. She leaned down and gave it a couple of licks. Then she did something new. She took her large D cup breasts in her hands and leaned over until they were on either side of my cock. She began to slide them along the sides of my cock.
"Oh my God," I gasped, "That feels so good."
"Fuck him!" I heard Nicole shout. "Fuck him with your tits!"
Alice and I locked eyes again. "I want you inside me," she said, and reached over to the nightstand for a condom. Alice wasn't on any kind of birth control. She handed it to me and I unwrapped it and put it on.
"Ride him!" Nicole shouted. "No... take her doggy style... ugh!" Just like that Nicole was orgasming again, her wild dirty imagination running away with her.
Alice lay back on the bed and I climbed on top of her. I kissed her as I lined my cock up against her pussy. I slid it along her clitoris a couple of times, and then pushed it slowly into her pussy. Alice gasped when I slid it all the way in. "Go slow," she said, "I want to feel everything." I obliged, pulling completely out of her and then slowly sliding myself all the way back in. "Ahh..." Alice sighed, "I can feel every inch of you."
I kissed Alice as I continued our slow fuck. In... and... out... in... and... out. The rhythm was almost hypnotic, and I started to lose track of time. Nicole was conspicuously quiet, and I wondered if we were boring her. When I was all the way inside Alice I started to wriggle my hips, trying to get just that little bit more inside of her. She began to wriggle her hips back against me. After a while I stayed all the way inside of her, moving back and forth in tiny increments, focusing on sliding the tip of my penis along the back walls of her pussy.
I must have done something right, because suddenly Alice gasped. "Oh yeah, that's the spot," she moaned. "Right there... keep doing that... oh yeah... that feels so good." She started to buck her hips against me, and I kept concentrating on what I was doing. "Ugh!" Alice shouted. "Ugh... ugh... ugh... oh my God... oh yes... ugh..." She was bucking her hips wildly, and it was all I could do to keep myself inside her. Finally she fell back against the bed. "Oh my God," she whispered, "I never came like that before."
I reached up to brush a lock of her blonde hair out of her face, and I kissed her. I resumed fucking her, faster now, sliding my cock in and out of her. Alice gasped. "That feels so good," she said. "Fuck me hard now."
I picked up the pace. Feeling Alice cum really got me turned on. I could feel my orgasm building. "Ugh," I grunted, "I'm gonna cum."
"Cum inside me," Alice said, and wrapped her legs around me to keep me in place. I grunted as my orgasm hit, and I shot load after load of cum into the condom buried in her pussy. It must've gone on for thirty seconds. I felt Alice buck her hips as my orgasm triggered an aftershock. I finally collapsed against her, spent.
"Oh yeah!" I heard Nicole shout theatrically. "That was great, even if I had to stare at Fred's ass the whole time." We all laughed. "Well guys," Nicole said, "I've had a long day. I'm gonna sign off and get some rest. I want a full report of anything else you guys do when I get back. I love you guys!"
"I love you too," Alice and I both said, but we were staring at each other. Our stare went on and on. Finally Alice broke the stare to look at the laptop screen. "Okay, she's gone," Alice said. She nudged my shoulder. I slid my withering penis out of her and moved into a sitting position beside her. She sat up, facing me. "I love you Fred." She said.
I was startled, but I didn't hesitate. "I love you Alice," I replied.
She smiled and then she looked down. "Here's the thing," she said, tracing little circles on the sheet in front of her, "I want to have a child someday."
I could feel my whole body deflate. I had told Nicole and Alice both enough times that I didn't want more children. I was worried that this day would come, that either Nicole or Alice would confront me about wanting children of their own. This was it. This was the moment of truth. This was the ultimatum. My head was spinning.
"Hear me out, Fred," Alice said. "It's not going to be anything like it was with your ex-wife. The three of us would never have the financial problems you had. Even if I took time off to be with the baby there would still be two incomes. There would always be an extra hand around to help take care of the baby. I'm asking you to please consider it."
"What about Nicole?" I asked. "What if she doesn't want to be a part of it?"
"I haven't talked to her yet," Alice replied, "I thought that I should talk to you first, since you were the most important one to convince. She never talked to me about wanting children. You two have never talked about it?"
"Well... no... not really," I said, although I remembered the incident a few weeks ago when Nicole had mumbled about wanting to have my baby in the throes of passion. I told Alice about it.
"So maybe she does," Alice said, "I think that if she does then she should go first."
That really set my mind reeling. Now we were talking about two children. I'd have three children altogether... all with different mothers. If things didn't work out with either of them in the long run it would mean more child support... more visitation schedules. I felt like my life was spinning out of control. I couldn't even say anything. I just stared at Alice, completely speechless.
"It's only fair," Alice continued, "She's older. I have plenty of time."
Of course, that made perfectly good sense, I thought to myself, except the whole idea was madness. Pure madness. Sheer and utter madness.
Alice kept talking, "As much as I enjoy our wild, experimental sexual exploits," she said, "There's more to life than sex. I want to have a family. Your daughter. Our children. It may sound crazy, and I'm sure it will seem crazy to most people, but I believe we could make it work."
Alice was being calm and rational and making a lot of sense to me. To my surprise, I could start to feel my resolve weakening. I loved Alice, and she was right. We couldn't go on like this forever, as much as the dirty pervert inside me would like to. I thought about why the thought of having more children scared me so much. I knew exactly why having children didn't work out for me the first time. My lazy ex-wife used our child as an excuse to quit work, even though I couldn't afford our lifestyle on my own. We eventually went broke and she divorced me. Alice was right. It wouldn't be like that this time. I had a second chance to get things right.
Alice was staring at me. She had been doing all of the talking, and was probably getting worried that I wasn't saying anything. Finally I smiled at her uncertainly. "I think we should talk to Nicole before we get too carried away," I finally said, "But yes, I think you're right, about everything."
Alice threw her arms around me and kissed me. Tears were in her eyes. "You'll see," Alice said. "Everything will be fine."
And it was. It wasn't always wonderful, but we got through it together. Five years later I was a father of four. My daughter from my marriage was nine. My daughter with Nicole was four, and Alice and I were welcoming to the world our twin boys.
I feel like we've reached the end of this particular saga, and I think we can leave Fred, Nicole, and Alice to their happily ever after. I intend to keep working on other ideas, so please feel free to offer any feedback. Thank you for reading these stories!