Hi, A word of caution. If you are looking for blow by blow descriptions of sex it might be best to go to other author's stories. I like to think that the mind is our greatest sex organ. So I try to leave out the graphic details then you can use a little imagination.
Shirley
Enjoying life in my RV
When we got divorced she got the house and I got the RV. Without a permanent place to hang my hat I decided to travel for a while and see how that worked. After all the dust settled from the divorce I ended up with half our savings and investments. Even after my SS kicked in I had continued to work for a few years and my ex never knew about that extra income so I was able to hide all of that money. I knew the divorce was coming and hiding some money was my insurance card. We never had any kids. Most of our friends were actually her friends. My parents had passed years ago so I was free to do as I pleased.
There was no reason to have a mailing address. My credit card statements came via e-mail. She was responsible for the house expenses, utilities, etc. So in a way I was free as a bird. I nowhere I had to be and all day to get there. The big problem was where do I want to go? I made a big purchase and bought a road map for every state, all the providences in Canada and one of those books that had small maps along with a master map of North America.
Winter was just around the corner so it seemed south was a good idea. The southeast or southwest, life is one hard decision after another. So I flipped a coin and took off for the southeast. Thankfully the RV was not one of those monsters you see going down the freeway. Gas was expensive but camping in public parks was reasonable so I was doing ok.
In the middle of Texas it got interesting. I picked up a hitchhiker as I was driving a state highway. As I approached I thought it was a young man. I was wrong when she climbed into the passenger seat it was definitely a young woman. I wasn't real comfortable about it but I was stuck. About ten miles down the road it was ok. She was bright, easy to talk to and not even a little shy. I found out she was a college student but was taking the winter off. But I suppose if you will hitchhike you probably are not a shrinking violet. She asked where I was headed. I told her Florida and I was thinking the everglades. When I had picked her up and being on a local highway I was thinking she was from the area and would be getting out a few miles down the road.
I was wrong, not the first time that occurred but this was a big problem. She turned to me and informed me that she was going to Disney World. She had a job there for the winter to be Minnie Mouse. She had run out of money for college and had to miss the winter quarter. This would pay her enough to go back in the spring session. She was bubbling over thanking me so much, all the way to Florida, this was so great. No more sticking out her thumb. I was between a rock and a hard place. She was thinking she had a ride all the way. I'm thinking where in the hell is she going to sleep. I only have one bed.
Babbling I asked her where was her clothes if she was going to be in Florida all winter. She had sent them ahead to a friend's house via UPS. All she needed was in her backpack. "I've got my toothbrush and my toothpaste and my hair brush and panties and some t-shirts and pants. I'm set for a while. I figured if necessary I could wash my clothes in a laundry mat. Now that I got a ride all the way I don't even need that. I'm good to go."
Crap, she's thinking I can take her all the way. I got a big problem. It was time to get it out in the open, "I can't take you all the way. You're welcome to ride all day with me. But there is no way you can spend the nights in here. I only have the one bed. I'm sorry."
"Doesn't the couch open up into a bed? I saw that before in other campers."
"When we had this built we opted to not have that feature. It was just my wife and I. We didn't need the extra bed. I can drop you at a motel later. I'll pay for the one night if that'll help."
She started to cry, a women's defense against all of the world's injustices. Sobbing she asked could she sleep on the floor? She promised to not make a mess or anything. "I can cook, my mommy taught me how to. I will clean up after. You won't have to do anything. I promise I'll not be a bother. Please let me stay."
Double crap, what the hell am I going to do now? Let her sleep on the floor while I enjoy a double bed and a comfortable mattress. I don't even have extra sheets or blankets. I'm not going to give her the bed and sleep on the floor. The next best thing, "Ok, how about if you sleep in the chair? It leans back a little ways. I don't have a blanket but you could cover with a jacket I have."
She stopped with the big tears, funny how some people can turn them on and off so easily. Her smile would melt the heart of any scrooge. My map program directed us to a small state park just as it was getting dark. I love today's technology. She didn't lie about her kitchen skills. After digging in the refrigerator she whipped up a great meal. We sat out at the picnic table and talked for several hours.
She was fun to talk to. Without seeming to she was able to find out I had been separated and divorced for over nine months. "Oh my, that's a long time isn't it?"
I didn't tumble to that remark. I let her drink one of my beers. After the fact I wondered what the legal age was here.
She yawned and of course that made me yawn. I suggested we call it a night. I dug the jacket out and gave it to her and showed her how to recline the back rest. After the lights were out I stripped down to my boxers and crawled into bed. As I was falling asleep I could hear her moving around getting settled in. I have to admit I slept like a log all night.
When I woke the sun was just coming up. I quietly and quickly dressed and headed to the rest rooms. As I was opening the door to get back inside there she was standing there wearing just her panties, bright pink panties that fit tightly to her mound. The slit was outlined perfectly. Her little breasts had tiny areolas and dark brown nipples. She quickly covered herself and turned away. "I'm sorry...I thought you would be gone longer. If you will wait just a minute I'll get decent."
I backed out and closed the door. In a minute she called out that it was safe to come back in. She spent ten minutes apologizing for what happened. Eggs are not hard to scramble so her breakfast skills were not all that impressive. But watching her breasts move under her t-shirt as she whipped the eggs certainly was.
By seven we were on the road. I was picturing her body as we pulled out of the campground. It had been a longtime since I had sex with my wife and there had been no one after the separation and divorce. Masturbation had been my only outlet for about a year. My thoughts brought an erection. My shorts were uncomfortable, very uncomfortable. I couldn't adjust things with her sitting right there. I tried to move around a bit but it didn't help, not even a little.
I glanced over at her to see if she what she was watching, hoping she was staring out the side window and I could fix my problem. She was looking right at me, then she glance down, "I'm sorry, did I do that to you? You can adjust it if you want. I don't mind. My boyfriend had the same problem some times. He would even unzip and let it out. I kind of liked it when he would. Of course it might not be a good idea if you went that far."
I was hurting enough that I had to do something, so with a lot of wiggling around and lifting in the seat I was able to move things around and get comfortable. "Better?" she asked me. I looked over and she had a slight smile.
Eventually things shrunk back to a normal state and the miles flew by. Lunch was at a restaurant in some small town. As we were getting back in she asked, "Is it ok if I ride in the back for a while?"
When I reminder her that there was only the bed she told me that she knew that. She just wanted to lie down for a short while. "Just for an hour or so, if I could, the chair wasn't the best bed I ever slept on."
Thinking she was planning on a nap I told her that it was ok with me. "Just be careful. Lay diagonal so if I have to stop quickly you don't fly off the bed and get hurt."
She moved to the back of the machine. For some reason the RV is equipped with an inside review mirror. There is no need for it. Until now that is. I heard a sound, I looked at the mirror. My hitchhiker was back there naked. Her hands were down covering her crotch. I couldn't see any details but I'm not stupid. Her nipples appeared to be standing up proudly. Her fingers were moving rapidly. I could hear little moans. Shirley was enjoying a little masturbation session.
I couldn't watch and still drive. Should I pull over and enjoy the show. Would she let me watch? Probably not so I slowed down a little and would sneak peeks at her from time to time. When she rolled on her side and curled up into a ball I knew the show was over. I sped back up to the normal speed.
Fifteen minutes later she was back sitting in her seat, asking me if I enjoyed the show. "Yes I did. It was very enlightening. My ex would never let me watch her when she would do that. She would watch me but it was a one way street I guess. Did you do that for me or for you?"
"I think for both of us. I was feeling the need yesterday already. Then when you opened the door and saw me I knew I had to do it. Then when I saw the bulge you had it pushed me over the edge. I just didn't know how or where until I thought about the bed. If you want to stop and rub one out I think that it might be a good idea. I would like to watch."
"No, I think I'll pass. I'm an old man. You're a young lady. In spite of what with the rich and famous or the actors do old men do not mess around with young people. You have too much to live for to do that."
We spent the rest of that's day travel in silence. I could feel her watching me. When I would glace over at her she would just give me that little smile. Telling me it wasn't over just yet.
That night she did supper again. I was beginning to think we would need to stop for groceries the next day. I hadn't planned on feeding two when I packed. That night I gave her another of my beers. I didn't stop her when she took a second out of the refrigerator. "Going to let me get drunk Larry? Going to try and take advantage of a young drunk? You don't need to do that you know. If you want I'll join you in your bed tonight. All you need to do is say it or nod your head or curl your finger."
As she drained the last of the second can she stood and looked down at me with the question on her lips, "Are you going to say anything Larry?"
I shook my head no. "Ok Larry, if you change your mind let me know. Where do I find the jacket? I'm ready for bed."
I gave her five minutes before I went back inside. Stripped to my boxers and crawled in under the covers. Thinking about her was the wrong thing to do. I was hard and needed some relief badly. The lights were out and it was pitch black in the back of the RV. I tried to not make any noise. "I can hear you Larry. Are you jerking off? Do you want me to come back there and help?"
When I didn't say anything she was pulling the blanket back and crawling in with me. When she pulled my hand away and started to use her soft hand I didn't stop her. The lack of light didn't cause any problems. Shirley knew just what to do. I was afraid I'm just a weak member of the human race. A horny and weak man, but it felt so good. Within a few minutes I was humping back at her urging her to go faster. I needed to finish, I was desperate and then it happened. It was the first time that I was brought to an orgasm by someone else's hand. It was such a great feeling. Why didn't I talk my ex in to doing it to me? Or have one of my past girlfriends? All those wasted years.
I rolled on my side and hugged her, "Thank you." And I went to sleep. I never considered returning the favor.
In the morning I felt terrible. I remembered not seeing to her pleasure. And my stomach was all crusty from last night's emissions. The ones she had coached out with her skillful fingers. I rolled over reaching out to try and correct my failures. But the bed was empty. I looked and the RV was empty. I found my boxers that had gone missing when she had joined me. My shorts and shirt were quickly pulled on.
Shirley was sitting out by the picnic table reading a book. A cup of coffee was by her elbow. I came out and sat next to her. "Thank you for last night. If you would come back inside I will try to be as good to you as you were to me. I guess I really need it and you saw it didn't you?"
"Yah...it wasn't hard to see what you needed. I thought my little session during the day would push you in the right direction. But I'm impressed you did try and resist and I was just giving up hope when I heard you cry out. How long has it been?"
"Way too long. Doing it to my self brings relief but not like it was last night. Come let me try and bring you the same."
"No, not now, remember I had my fun earlier. I don't need any more right now. Last night was for you. I wanted to do it just for you. Besides I enjoy doing it. And the truth is you're a nice guy. Your wife must be stupid to dump you. You could have left me the first day standing by the side of the road. Praying who ever picked me up wasn't a mad man."
"Tonight...Maybe?"
"Let's wait and see you might be able to talk me into something."
We had breakfast, cold cereal, and hit the road. Florida was just down the road. I figured one more night and we would be at Orlando. A quick stop for lunch and I started searching my phone for our last night's camping. I found a campground about three hours away. By five we were set up and having our last supper together. She had cooked steaks we had bought the day before and I chopped up a salad.
We cleaned up the mess and I suggested that maybe we could go to bed. "Eager are we? Just what do you have in mind? I'm not really sleepy yet. Why don't we have a beer and talk a bit?"
"We can do that if that's what you want. I'll get a couple, be right back."
As I turned from the refrigerator she was standing right behind me. "Damn it Larry, you're way too easy. If you want to fool around you need to be more vocal. Not everybody is going to be as wanting as I am. Come on in back I want to see that thing I was playing with last night."
Shirley stripped and stood there waiting for me to follow. I was mesmerized by her beauty. Those firm tits with deep brown nipples standing out big as the easers on a pencil. Her mound was trimmed so the hairs let her slit show. "Are you just going to stand there? Are you planning on doing anything in next hour or so?"
I woke from my trance and in seconds I was as naked as she. "That's a nice thing you got there. Do you mind if I touch it a little?" As she sunk to the floor she looked up and asked, "With my mouth Larry?"
She stroked the shaft, licked and sucked on the head gently. When I tried to push deeper she stopped and pulled free, "Patience, we don't want a premature happening do we? I promise you it'll happen all in good time. Our last night let's enjoy it."
I pulled her up and we lay on the bed. "It is my turn." I told her and kissed her deeply. I moved down to those great tits. Each one got a great deal of attention before I move further down past her belly button. Before things went bad with my ex she had trained me in how to bring a woman to the peak and then push her over the edge. I applied all those skills on Shirley, every one of them.
As she cried out and was convulsing I didn't let up. I didn't stop until she was pleading with me. I finally slowed and was just giving her gentle licks. I pulled my middle finger out of her back door, stopped with my ministrations and lay my head on her stomach.
She softly whispered, "Larry...Larry...Larry...What did you do to me? Why didn't you do that last night? Why not the first night? Do you realize what I have been missing? Damn you Larry."
As she lay there recovering I was feeling pleased with myself. I needed to know that I could still please a woman, even if my ex wasn't willing. At least Shirley seemed satisfied. I asked, "Would you like to try it again? I may be able to perform an encore. If you would like that is of course."
"No...please no. I couldn't handle another one like that. I think my heart stopped."
She lay there idly holding my hard-on. It took a few minutes and then she moved down between my legs and began to treat me so very well. She would lick and suck for a while. Stop and look up at me for a minute as her hand moved up and down the shaft ever so slowly. Then go back to it with her mouth. I swear I could feel her throat massaging the head at times. I was reaching my limit and warned her it was coming. Just as I was moments away she slipped a finger up inside me. She knew I was ready. I expected her pull away and let me irrupt on my stomach.
I was wrong. She kept her finger moving inside my ass and I has exploded she kept sucking and she didn't stop until I was drained dry. I was getting sensitive and had to lift her head up and away. I moved until I could kiss her. "Nobody has ever kissed me after what I just did."
"If you can swallow it why can't I kiss you after?"
Naked and satisfied we fell asleep in each other's arms. It was one of my best nights ever. In the morning I was still satisfied. Remember I wasn't a spring chicken any more. My days of multiple orgasms were gone, worse luck. But I was able to perform another operation on the lovely Shirley before we got up that last morning. Actually it was two times that she enjoyed my skills. Members of the opposite sex have that great ability to enjoy one after another.
That afternoon I dropped her off at her friend's house. As we sat outside saying goodbye she asked if I was planning on staying in Florida for the whole winter. She would need a ride back to Texas in the spring. I told her it was possible. Actually it was very likely because I was thinking that Florida had a lot to offer and I won't mind taking another look at Alabama and Louisiana.
We saw her friend coming out her door and before she got to us she leaned close and told me we haven't even fucked yet and if I could do that as good as I did the other thing she wanted to try it out.
The end
Thanks for reading my tale. I hope you enjoyed it and your comments are welcome. They tell me if I'm on the right track with my style of writing.