Dear readers,
I'm on the fence if I should continue this story and write more chapters or let it be a one and done. Please leave comments and feedback if you enjoyed it.
*****
My job is to oversee production in a metal refining plant. I'm pretty young for a guy in my position. With 28 years of age I was pretty successful and financially stable. But due to working long hours and focusing on my career i had no time for a romantic relationship.
One day a new guy came into work. His name was Tommy. The guy was 22 years old, around 5 ft. 6", skinny, pale, blond, blue eyed and had a world of Warcraft or some type of bullshit kids game tattoo on his forearm. I swear if you put a pair of tits on him he would look like a lesbian.
Tommy was given simple tasks to do but due to his fragile and frail body he was slow. I didn't give him any crap and helped him out since I saw that he did his best and hoped with time he would get better.
After a couple of weeks we kind of became buddies. He was fun to be around with. Did his job to the best of his abilities. He was a timid weak but nice guy.
One day he asked me for a personal favour. He needed help to carry a new fridge he bought into his house. I figured it would only be a few minutes so I agreed. After work I drove him home and helped him out. The fridge was not that heavy, I could have carried it alone but Tommy was just too feminine for that type of labour.
As I was in his home his girlfriend saw me and Tommy introduced us.
Tommy: Hey babe! This is my buddy from work. And this is my girlfriend Gianna.
I was kind of surprised. Gianna was a 21 year old cutie standing at 5 ft. 7" brunette with tanned skin. She looked like she had some Latina in her but was mostly white. A firm round ass and nice perky c cup breasts. Her face was delicious and her lips looked so very innocent. She was exactly my type.
Tommy left us for a minute to throw away the packaging of the fridge as he left me and his hot girlfriend alone.
We talked for a bit and she offered me some lemonade as a refreshment. I felt she was kind of flirty but i was also running my gaze at her body.
As Tommy returned my phone rang. It was my boss. I picked up and he told me that he was not very pleased with Tommy as a worker since he was slow and always needed help to lift heavy things other guys managed alone. He said it was my call if I should fire him or not.
Me: Tommy I have bad news man...
Tommy: What's up?
Me: Well my boss said I should fire you, I'm really sorry man I didn't expect this.
Tommy: Shit, I really need this job. Damn it.
Gianna: Is there anything you can do?
Me: Well I don't know Tommy for that long. I can't just stick my neck out for him and risk my own job.
Tommy: I'll do anything please!
Me: Anything?
Tommy: Yes, anything.
I looked at his girlfriend who noticed me staring and bit her lower lip.
Me: Maybe Gianna can do something for me. If she does you keep your job.
Tommy: What? I can't...I mean...
Tommy was caught off guard but his girlfriend didn't seem to protest.
Gianna: Baby you really need this job. I still love you. It's just once.
Me: I'm not gonna force anybody into anything. Gianna if you want your boyfriend to keep his job take off those clothes for me.
Gianna swiftly removed her pants and shirt revealing her black bra and panties. She walked towards me and put her arms around my waist looking at Tommy.
Tommy: I guess I should leave you two...
Tommy seemed angry but also kind of aroused by this.
Me: I kind of want you to stay and watch Tommy.
Gianna cracked a smile as Tommy stood frozen.
Me: I want you to watch me have fun with Gianna. I have a feeling you might like it.
As me and Gianna were in the middle of the room with Tommy watching us I started taking off my clothes and I kissed Gianna softly on the lips. When I was only in my boxers Gianna started rubbing my erection whilst I removed her bra letting her tits stick out. I ran my hands across her tender boobs as her light brown nipples stiffened.
Gianna: Oh my, do you have something big for me down there?
Me: Why don't you find out.
Gianna pulled down my boxers letting my 8" cock spring out. I knew I had a big dick compared to most guys, not just length wise but girth. I have a pretty thick cock to which Gianna was amazed with excitement in her brown eyes. Tommy on the other hand stood there completely speechless.
Me: Tommy get close, I want you to be a part of this.
Tommy was not the confrontational type, he followed my orders. He didn't have a chance against me physically anyway.
Me: I want you to stroke my cock while your boyfriend watches babe.
Gianna slowly stroked my length with both hands as her boyfriend stood less than a foot away from us.
I kissed her deeply with my tongue this time. After the kiss I looked into her eyes as she kept stroking me.
Me: Tell me, am I bigger than him?
Gianna: Twice as big.
Me: Am I thicker than him?
Gianna: He doesn't even compare.
We both giggled and passionately kissed as Tommy watched us with a small bulge sticking out of his pants.
Me: Looks like he likes it. Your boyfriend is getting a stiffy watching you play with a strangers cock.
Gianna: Babe, take it out. I wanna compare.
Tommy let his pants drop revealing his 4" noodle dick erection.
Gianna: See? I told you he can't compare to your size.
Me: Hey Tommy, do you think my cock is bigger than yours?
Tommy: Yes.
Me: Do you think my cock is thicker than yours?
Tommy: Yes.
Me: Tell that to Gianna.
Tommy: His dick is bigger and thicker than mine. Babe I'm so sorry you have to do this.
Gianna: Oh baby don't worry, I'm not complaining. Besides, look at the size of those balls. His balls are so much bigger than yours. I bet he has a huge load for me.
As Gianna stroked me completely rock hard it was time she put her mouth to use.
Me: I think my dick needs some saliva on it.
Gianna: Sounds like my mouth can take care of that.
Gianna got on her knees with one hand on my testicles massaging them and the other holding the base of my cock as she started licking the head. I could tell she never had a penis my size in her mouth so I grabbed her by the hair and shoved her head my rod making her swallow a good 4" of my meat. I made her instantly gag and kept her there as loud gurgling and choking sounds filled the room. I threw a glance at Tommy and saw him watch this in awe as he squeezed his dick.
Me: Tommy get over here on your knees next to her, I want you close.
Tommy submissively scurried over and dropped to his knees next to his girlfriend as I was fucking her mouth.
Me: Does your girlfriend look pretty with my cock in her mouth?
Tommy: Fuck yes! She looks amazing.
Me: Tell her that! Support her trough this man. She is getting mouth fucked for your sake, least you can do is kiss her cheek and tell her you love her.
Tommy followed my instructions as I let Gianna's hair go and let he lick my cock at her own pace. She tried everything she could. She took in as much as she could, she licked my shaft up and down, she spat slurped and sucked on my dick like crazy.
Me: Is that how you suck Tommy off babe?
Gianna: Haha, no way...he can never make me gag and choke like you do.
Me: Listen guys I don't want to get between your relationship. Gianna give Tommy a kiss so i know it's all good. I want to feel comfortable knowing my bigger cock is not getting between you two.
Gianna let go of my cock out of her mouth with a pop and turned to Tommy giving him a wet kiss full of spit.
Me: Tommy can you taste my dick?
Tommy: Yes i can, i never tasted anything like it.
Me: Gianna you had your fun. It's time now for me to fuck your mouth. I want you to kiss Tommy every time your mouth is free. Show him you love him despite his small dick.
Gianna let go of my cock as i started to pump in her mouth slowly going deeper in her throat. Every time she would gag i would pull out so she could french kiss Tommy and go back to my huge penis.
Me: Stick out your tongue babe.
Gianna stuck out her tongue as I slapped it with my dick motioning Tommy to lick her tongue every few cock slaps.
Me: You are done with my shaft for now, but you completely neglected my balls. I can't let that stand. Stroke me and only focus on my balls.
Gianna grabbed my cock with one hand and lifted it up so she could easily worship my shaved balls. She shoved her other hand in her panties and started to play with her pussy. Tommy was so horny from watching all this he started jerking his tiny dick watching his lovely girlfriend tongue and suck my balls next to him.
Me: Gianna sweetie don't let your boyfriend feel left out. Kiss him, show him affection.
Gianna looked up at me smirking as she stuck her tongue out and licked my balls. With her tongue still outside of her mouth she forced it down Tommy's mouth hole and kept it there for a good minute while she furiously jerked my cock above their faces.
Me: Suck my nuts harder. Pull them out of my scrotum.
Gianna used all her sucking strength and made my left nut extend an inch from my sack. She pulled her head back letting it go with a loud pop and kissed Tommy passionately.
Me: Oh fuck Tommy, your girl is so good at ball control. I want her to keep sucking those nuts. Watch her submit to my cock.
Gianna just kept her hardcore suckfest on my nuts while kissing her boyfriend making him a sloppy cuck.
Me: Gianna are you ready to take my dick inside of you while your boyfriend watches.
Gianna: Yes. I'm so wet. I want to feel you stretch me out with this horse cock.
I was so turned on i grabbed Gianna by the hair yanking her behind me to the kitchen and bent her over the dinner table. Tommy followed us like a pet. Eager to watch what i was going to do next to his girl.
Me: Tommy take off her panties for me.
As Tommy did as he was instructed i put my hand on his neck sending a message that he should stay put right next to me, observing how i was dominating his girlfriend right in front of him.
Me: Gianna can you explain to Tommy why your pussy is so wet?
Gianna: I'm sorry baby. His cock makes me so horny. He's so big and strong. His dick is so fucking huge. It's double your size.
Me: Are you trying to say that Tommy here has a small noodle dick?
Gianna: I'm sorry baby. Your dick is just so small compared to his.
When i saw Tommy's face sink from humiliation i started slapping his girlfriend's ass. I spanked her hard as he watched and listened to the smacks and moans of pleasure. The redder Gianna's ass cheeks became the harder I hit her. The moans slowly turned to screams as I made Tommy watch me sodomise his girl.
Me: Have you ever seen her ass so red?
Tommy: No, never.
Me: I think I've played around long enough. It's time i fucked your girlfriend. I want to see what you get every night.
Gianna: Who said it was every night hmmm?
As i was preparing to enter Gianna while pinning her down I noticed her pussy was dripping in anticipation. My cock was also drenched in spit and i was ready to unleash it inside her. But not before i had my fun with her lover.
Me: Tommy spit on my dick. I want it to be lubed up really nicely. We don't want your sweet girlfriend to have a dry cock in her now do we?
Tommy spat on my dick two times and started stroking his small prick while being laser focused on my cock poised to ravage his girlfriends tight wet cunt.
I spread Gianna's ass and put my dick head inside her pussy. I noticed how wet and slippery our genitals were so i figured there was no need to be gentle or patient. I thrusted with full force inside her burying my entire length in her pussy. She gave a loud screech as her eyes went back in her skull having a hard orgasm on my cock. I could feel her cunt squeeze me really tightly as i decided to stay in that position for a while.
Me: Holy shit Tommy! Gianna just came on my cock with only one stroke. I can't even take it back out, her pussy is squeezing me in place.
Tommy had opened his mouth and forgotten how to close it as he jerked his small pee-pee witnessing me taking ownership of his slut girlfriend. I slowly pulled my cock out of Gianna and yanked Tommy's head to her pussy.
Me: Lick her, make her feel good. Taste the difference between you and a real man.
Gianna: Oh fuck that's amazing! Please fuck and lick me more. My pussy needs to be fucked.
I pushed Tommy out of the way and started teasing Gianna's pussy. I rubbed my cock up against her pussy lips. I slapped her clit with my dick. I put just the tip in and pulled out.
Gianna: Stop teasing! Give me that cock now!
Me: Beg me for it slut.
Gianna: Please i desperately need that huge cock. Fuck me hard. Make me feel like a woman!
Me: Not you bitch. I want your boyfriend to beg me.
I looked at Tommy with my wet penis in hand. He looked so scared and so horny at the same time.
Tommy: Please fuck her. Make her cum on your big dick.
Me: Do you want to watch me split her pussy in half?
Tommy: Yes! Own her, destroy her vagina.
With that i forcefully put my cock in Gianna's fuck hole and pounded her. I used my entire body weight with each thrust smashing her against the table. I was very violent with her. She had orgasm after orgasm but i did not care. Her screams were constant, she was in pain as i just kept on savaging her with no mercy. I fucked her so hard i could even feel her pussy being torn apart witch made her fuck her even harder. I wanted to break her on my first try.
I threw a glance at her beta boyfriend and saw that he came watching me dominate his girlfriend. I did not say anything and Gianna was in another world completely ignoring Tommy.
Me: Tommy taste her.
I shoved Tommy's face in Gianna's cunt as i pulled my dick out but kept it so close it was touching Tommy's cheek. Gianna's thighs were blistering from the huge amount of pussy juice flowing down on them. She was unable to talk and just kept deeply breathing with no strength left to move.
I pushed Tommy away and continued fucking Gianna's pussy stretching it out. The more i pounded her the more her pussy squeezed my cock. She did not want my dick to leave her twat which meant she liked it.
I focused as I was slowing down preparing to cum. Each time my balls slapped her clit I was closer to emptying my load. At the last few strokes I pulled Gianna's hair to lift her limp body up and kissed her neck as I was about to cum.
Me: Fuck you are so tight. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum deep inside your slutty pussy.
I swung my hips with full force as I came inside Gianna's stuffed pussy. I managed a few more strokes and pulled my now limp dick out of her. She tried to walk as i let her go but after two wobbly steps she collapsed exhausted on the floor. Tommy rushed to her and checked if she was ok. Gianna was barely conscious from the fucking laid on her.
Me: See you tomorrow Tommy.
I put my clothes on and left the couple on the floor as they were hugging and kissing.
To be continued? You decide.