It was Halloween, one of Anna's favourite times of the year and she was walking down the road to get into town. Her parents owned a far on the outskirts and every year she dressed up and walked into town in order to get to the same party she went to with her friends. This year she was old enough to drink (not that it had stopped her in the past) but there was something fun knowing that she was allowed to this time.
She had taken forever picking out her costume but after doing a workshop with her little sister she had decided to adapt an old fancy dress costume from a few years ago. The little red cap came down to the small of her back, the white old style blouse showed off her incredible breasts and the dress... Well the dress she was a fraction uncomfortable with - it was very, very short. With the blouse she had been able to adjust it slightly and it just showed off her cleavage better. Unfortunately there wasn't a good way to add material to a dress that had already been slightly short when she was younger. However her legs looked amazing topped off in the black riding boots.
Dressed as little Red Riding Hood she made her merry way towards town when she heard voices from the woods on her right. Curious who could be out so late at night and wondering if there was a party going on she made her way off the road and into the forest. Picking her way carefully through the trees she headed towards the flickering light and stopping just short of it she crouched down to listen. Reaching forwards carefully she moved the bushes to one side slightly so she could see.
In the clearing in front of her a sight greeted her eyes that she had never before in her life imagined. She was no stranger to sex and had sucked off Jack Horner last week in the corner behind the wool shed. But in front of her very eyes was a sigh that she could not have imagined in her deepest fantasies.
In the middle of a clearing there was a massive fallen tree, strapped down, face down, over the top of it was a young woman in a shepherds costumes, another young woman in a witches costume and a slightly older lady in nothing at all but a rug under her... All wore matching black cuffs with silver chain, a rope attached to the chain extended in front of all of them, tying them to a large metal spike driven deep into the ground. They were bound, helpless and gagged. The noises that Anna had heard came from the group of men stood around. There must have been eight or nine of them, all naked, all sporting hard throbbing cocks of different shapes and sizes.
As sweet Anna watched the men split up, three to each woman. She watched as they roughly took hold of the helpless women, gags were pulled off but the women uttered no complaints. She watched as one man roughly entered each woman from behind at the same time and almost without thought her fingers drifted to the front of her dress and she slid her panties to one side. Her pussy was soaking as she watched the women fucked hard from behind whilst helpless on the tree.
Now the women were making noises. One of the younger ones was whimpering as the cock drove in and out of her, the other younger one had wide staring eyes but was utterly silent, shaking as she was fucked hard against the rough wood of the tree. The older lady was groaning, deep in the back of her throat with every thrust of the thick hard cock plunging into her.
Shivering, but not from any kind of cold weather, Anna plunged her fingers into her pussy over and over, circling her clit, bringing herself closer and closer to her own orgasm as she watched the scene unfold in front of her. With six guys presently unoccupied three of them closed with the front of the women and straddling the ropes that held them bound they pushed thick, hard rods into the waiting women's mouths... They fucked the women hard and fast. Anna could imagine the ache in the women's jaws as the men used them brutally. The other three men stood back, drinking, their hands slowly moving up and down the lengths of their shafts. Her eyes were mesmerised by the movement as they stroked the lengths of the three hard cocks.
She shuddered as her first orgasm ripped through her young body. Feverish she rubbed her clit harder as she tried to keep her own breathing and moans quiet though she was sure they couldn't hear her over the sounds of flesh slapping together from the three women behind fucked at both ends.
Suddenly and without warning her cape was grabbed and wrenched backwards. As she tried to shriek out she felt it wrapped around her face smothering her, gagging her. Her arms were pulled behind her back and she felt something looped around them and tied off so she couldn't move. The cape was pulled off momentarily allowing her to grab a breath but before she could scream the bunched material was pushed into her mouth, the tied pulled behind her head to stop her screaming.
Face down in the dirt with her head turned sideways she could still see what was going on in the clearing but she now had someone behind her? Had the men in the clearing had someone looking out for them? She felt her panties ripped apart by strong hands, the elastic biting into her thighs before it gave way. The same strong fingers invaded her soaking pussy and began pumping in and out hard.
"Such a wet slut alone in the woods..." A voice growled behind her as another orgasm ripped through her.
She was whimpering now, the man's finger pinched the globes of her ass nastily as his fingers rammed in and out of her. He had the perfect spot now; the one that she had learned over years of fingering herself could push her over the edge. When she played alone it was tricky to reach, from his position behind her she was easy prey as his finger thrust in and out bringing her to repeated orgasms. She came to the point where she squirted - something she hadn't done in a long time. The wetness coated her thighs and she sighed in relief as she felt his fingers withdraw.
Her eyes widened in panic however as she felt his thick cock at the entrance to her abused pussy. With one hard thrust he buried himself inside her. She screamed into the gag and came instantly on his thick shaft squirting again. She could feel her muscles aching and trembling in this unnatural bent position on her knees and face. He fucked her hard and fast, without mercy as he hammered her face into the mud. She came again and again until she lost all track of time. Straining her neck to try and see her abuser all she could make out was the leering face of his wolf costume above her.
She heard him groan and felt him shooting his cum deep inside her tight little fuck hole. She came again. Feeling him withdraw she was sure her ordeal was over. She looked up seeing the group of men fucking the women on the tree. Now all of the men had enjoyed their turn and the group were stood around the three women stroking their cocks. As she watched stream after stream of cum blasted out of the cocks covering the women's faces in a thick coating of semen. She lay in the mud whimpering, trying to bring rational thoughts back into her head as she watched this happen and was aware of a slippery, half hard cock pushed against her face. Gagged and bound she could do nothing as the wold wiped his cum covered cock against her cheeks. She watched him stand, heard him whistle loudly and then watched him walk away.
Panicking she turned her head back to the clearing in time to see three men pull the bush fully to one side leaving her exposed, bound, helpless with cum smeared on her face. The lust in their eyes made her shiver. This was not over by a long shot.