Parts 1 - 8 available through my profile.
Please feel free to leave feedback and comments.
*****
Part 9 - The last few days of the holiday.
As normal, Dan woke up before Hayley, so after opening all of the curtains, he decided to go for breakfast in the restaurant whilst she slept, but not before digging out his note from the other day instructing her to remain naked while he was out. He walked in to the restaurant and chose his food, before sitting down to eat, and watching as other guests came in for their breakfast, soon seeing Marc and several of his group of friends walk in and notice him by way of a nod. Once he had finished, he walked outside to the pool bar as normal, lighting a cigarette as he sat down and ordered a drink. Five minutes later, he was joined by Marc's friends, introducing themselves as Liam and Jon, and they sat making conversation for a little bit before Jon finally asked where Hayley was, saying they had noticed her around the hotel and they all thought she was gorgeous. Dan chuckled, and told them she was still asleep in their room, before Jon said there was no way he would leave a girl like that alone, even if she was asleep.
"Well, here is something for you to think about - she sleeps naked, I've opened all the curtains, and I've left her a note saying she isn't to get dressed at all while I'm not there, so even if she isn't in bed, she will be wandering around the room naked. What do you thinks about that?" Dan asked.
"I think I want to know what room you're staying in!" Jon replied, laughing as he spoke.
"Why? You want to be that creepy guy and go and spy on her through the window because she's sleeping naked?" Dan said, drawing a chuckle from the two lads.
"Well, I was more thinking about knocking on the door and hoping she answers it naked, but I'd settle for looking through the window at her" Jon answered with a smile.
Dan looked at them and smiled, before saying that only on the condition they do not knock the door, he will tell them the room number and they are free to go and see if they can see her through the window, quickly getting an agreement from the guys, so he told them the room number and watched as they disappeared to find it. The main reason he wanted rid of them though, was he had seen Marc walking out, and wanted to have a quick chat with him, which was ideal, since Marc also intended to chat with Dan, hoping to confirm if they were still on for later. Dan told him that he wasn't sure what he and Hayley would be doing that night, but if Marc gives him a couple of the pills, even if they go out, he will make sure she has them and they will be good to go. If they don't go out, they can proceed as planned previously. He then reminded Marc not to get drunk himself, since he didn't want to suffer brewer's droop, laughing amongst themselves, before parting ways.
As he lit another cigarette, Dan stood up to head back to his room and see if Hayley was awake, only to see Lily walking over in a very small bikini and sitting next to him, before ordering a drink, then asking if they could go and sit down at a table away from the bar to talk for a minute. They moved, and once they sat down, Dan asked if she wanted to talk about what happened on Stephen's boat the day before, clearly revealing that Hayley had told him about it. This surprised Lily, as she did not think Hayley would have gone straight back and explained to her long term boyfriend how she had just had sex with 4 different men in one go. Dan told Lily about how they have become a lot more open, actively encouraging each other to do things with other partners, before telling her that while Hayley was on the yacht taking part in the gang bang, he was having sex with a girl he met and introduced to Miruna, and that not only did Hayley know, she had text him, telling him to do it.
After hearing that, Lily decided to get to the reason she had wanted to speak to Dan, so decided to just come out with it, but every time she went to start, somebody appeared and walked past, causing her to pause, before finally asking if they could go somewhere more private to talk. Dan immediately invited her back to his and Hayley's room, saying they can have a drink and chill in the hot tub, which Lily didn't know they had, immediately agreeing, and they walked back almost in silence as Lily thought about what she was intending to say. Once they reached the room, Dan switched the hot tub on, and invited Lily to enter, saying he would be back in a minute, and heading into the bedroom to check on Hayley. There were two surprises for him as he opened the door, firstly, that as he opened the door, he could see Jon and Liam were walking towards the room, evidently having just worked out where it was and checking to see if they could see Hayley naked. The second was that if they do look in through the window, they were not going to be disappointed, as she was laying on top of the bedsheet, completely naked, and completely spread out like a starfish. Her legs wide open, giving anybody that looked in a perfect view of her most intimate area.
As the guys got closer, they spotted Dan inside, with Liam pointing him out to Jon, before they sped up in case he shut the curtains. He didn't instead looking down at Hayley as she lay on full display, before looking back at the two guys by the window, getting a big smile and thumbs up, before he turned and walked back into the living room, pouring two drinks, and joining Lily in the hot tub. Almost immediately, she asked where Hayley was, so Dan explained that she was asleep in the bedroom, before Lily decided to spill what was on her mind.
"Ok, now I know the other night we got talking, and I seemed to know quite a bit about it when the subject of Hayley's fantasy came up, where she gets fucked while she's passed out. The reason I know so much about it, is because it's been a fantasy of mine for a long time, and I've done all kinds of research about it, but I've just never had the guts to go through with it." She explained.
"Right, and you're telling me this because...?" Dan asked.
"Well, because I think you'll do it for Hayley. I think you'll let someone have sex with her when she's passed out, but she'll be safe because you're there." She carried on, Dan wondering if she was heading to where I thought she was.
"A few years ago I was dating this guy, and this one time I stayed at his place, I woke up during the night and he was fucking me. He had evidently been doing it a while, but as I slowly woke up, I realised how turned on I was, so I just pretended to be asleep, letting him carry on. It was so hot, but for ages I've wanted the same as Hayley, to be fucked while I was passed out and not know who by, but it always worried me because there was no way I'd feel safe doing that with a stranger. I was wondering if you do find someone to do it with, could I possibly join in, since you would be there and I know you would keep us safe" She asked.
Even thinking about it, Lily could feel herself becoming more and more turned on. Since it was only yesterday she had fulfilled her biggest fantasy of a threesome, now she was feeling a lot more liberated in her sexuality, and was basically admitting her darkest fantasy to someone she had not long known. A few seconds later, Hayley emerged from the bedroom, still naked, and wandered into the bathroom, not even noticing Dan and Lily in the hot tub. After relieving herself, she walked back in to the living room, where Dan called over good morning, alerting Hayley to his presence, and having her turn to look at him, and seeing Lily at the same time.
"Oh, morning babe." She replied, "Hey Lily. How are you already awake and about? I would have thought after yesterday, you'd be as tired as I was and wouldn't be up yet!" she said, referring to the party on the yacht.
Deciding not to bother going back to bed, Hayley instead walked over to the kitchen counter and made herself a coffee, needing an injection of caffeine to get her going, before also pouring a vodka and lemonade, and walked over to the hot tub. She stood by the side of it, making small talk with both Lily and Dan, before finishing her coffee and saying she was going outside for a cigarette, which both Dan and Lily decided to join her. Over the course of almost the last two weeks, Hayley had not really bothered about being dressed to go out on the balcony, but seeing Dan in shorts and lily in her (albeit skimpy) bikini, she decided to follow suit and wear some clothing, picking up an almost see-through thong and tiny bra, before heading out. Jon and Liam had clearly gone and again, everyone sat making small talk as they smoked, before Hayley walked back inside, quickly returning with a jager shot each and handed them out. Once the three had drank the shot, it seemed to spark Hayley in to life, instantly becoming more awake and heading back inside again, this time turning on some music, before returning with a spring in her step as the beat played over the speakers.
When everyone had finished their cigarettes, they headed back in, with Dan intending to step back into the hot tub, but being stopped by Hayley before he did.
"I really did miss you yesterday" she told him quietly. "It was incredible, and I wish you was there to have your way with both of us like they did, but since you weren't I don't think you should miss out, so lets' see what happens."
With that, she let go of his arm, and he climbed into the hot tub, closely followed by Lily, who had gone to the mini bar and made all three another drink. Hayley took a large swig of hers, before undoing the bra she had only been wearing for about 10 minutes, slipping off her thong, and climbing naked in to the hot tub. She immediately looked at Dan and smiled, before speaking.
"Babe, you should have seen Lily yesterday. Firstly on the beach being photographed by Miruna, then by Stephen. She looked so gorgeous both on her own, and then she did a set with Alex and Josh that was the hottest thing I think I've seen, before the party on the boat where she took it to a whole new level."
"New level like how?" Dan responded, looking towards Lily to see if she would answer honestly, knowing that Hayley would give the full details even if she didn't.
Lily held nothing back, openly telling him about how she did her first ever double pussy penetration, and followed it with her first ever proper double penetration, the facials, the swallowing, everything. Dan told her about the weekend away, and how it was the first time Hayley had done anal since he had known her, explaining how the hottest thing he had ever seen was when he watched someone they barely knew attempted to slide their cock into her ass hole and she moved to make it happen. Dan was now hard beneath the water, replaying that in his mind, before Lily spoke up and brought his wandering mind back to the present.
"By the way, I could also understand if you were to just spend all day every day going down on Hayley. Her pussy tastes amazing. I would eat that daily if I was in your position!" She stated, looking over towards Hayley as she spoke.
"Well, she's not wearing anything. Why don't you show me what I missed yesterday..." Dan encouraged.
Hayley moved across in the water until she was now perched just in front of Lily, before moving closer to kiss Lily passionately, her hands shifting beneath the water to find the apex between Lily's legs, rubbing her over the top of her bikini bottoms. Lily was already turned on and despite the fact she was enjoying Hayley working on her beneath the surface, she didn't want to delay her invitation and instructed Hayley to back up and sit on the edge, quickly going down on the well maintained pussy in front of her as Hayley leaned back to grant easier access. Watching this, Dan decided to get out of the hot tub and quickly put several towels over the sofa, insinuating the girls continue there, which they soon caught on to, stepping out of the bubbles and leaving a trail of water where they walked. Hayley immediately laid back as soon as she reached the sofa, and Lily retook her place between her legs, eagerly licking at the juicy slit before her.
Dan watched a little longer, before moving over next to Hayley's head, and dropped his shorts, presenting his cock to which she began sucking enthusiastically, although she didn't do this for long, instead taking her mouth off his cock.
"Babe, a much as I love sucking your cock, you need to taste Lily. Go and try for yourself, you'll see what I mean." She instructed Dan.
Dan did as she suggested, moving to behind Lily and rubbing her a few times over the top of her bikini bottoms, before pulling the strings on either side of her hips simultaneously and causing them to fall to the floor. He knelt behind her and spread her ass cheeks with his hands, before dipping his tongue to meet her soaking wet pussy, finding her extremely turned on as he started licking at her honey pot. Lily couldn't get enough of Hayley, keeping her mouth firmly clamped on her pussy as her nose nestled against the line of dark hair adorning Hayley's pubic mound, her tongue probing at the entrance to paradise for what seemed like ages while Dan reciprocated for her. Finally, Lily did manage to take her mouth off Hayley's hot box, turning to look towards Dan as he kept his tongue-work up.
"Hmmmm, I need you to fuck me... I need you to fuck me right now... I need to feel your dick inside me... Hmmm" she managed to gasp out, before putting her head back between Hayley's legs and continuing where she left off.
Dan wasted no time doing as she wanted, pulling his face away from Lily's pussy and replacing his tongue with his cock, only teasing the slick hole with his smooth end as he slid it around between her pussy lips but not penetrating her, despite her yearning for it. He kept this up for what felt like an eternity to Lily, relentlessly rubbing his length at her aching hole but resisting the temptation to enter until he could take it no more, easily slipping in to her and burying his entire length fully at the first attempt. This drew a loud moan from Lily's obscured mouth, groaning as Dan began thrusting in to her as she ate Hayley's pussy like a professional, before she reached her hands up to begin stimulating the small boobs Hayley had recently grown to love.
As Dan continued pounding Lily, Hayley moved herself, bringing an end to the incredible oral session she had received, and quickly walked in to the bedroom, returning a few seconds later with a bottle of lube, and kneeling beside Lily. She leaned over and guided Lily's face to turn towards her, beginning a deep and passionate embrace, before breaking the kiss off and suggesting to Dan to sit back on the sofa and have Lily mount him reverse cowgirl style. Dan gladly complied, and Lily quickly moved into position, re-inserting the raging erection in her slick hole and leaning back as she began to rise and sink on his member. Hayley moved between her legs and began to return the favour, licking at Lily's slit as she bounced on Dan while he played with her boobs. This was something Lily hadn't experienced before, and the multiple point stimulation quickly pushed her to orgasm, although her attempt to move as it hit were unsuccessful as Dan moved his hands to hold her in place and began thrusting in to her, rather than letting her bounce on him. Hayley was still attempting to lick the clit at her mouth, although the way Lily was thrashing around trying to escape Dan's clutches, before Lily finally managed to wriggle free and let the pleasure wash over her. As she leaned back against him, Hayley took the opportunity to put her plan in action, sucking Dan's cock as Lily attempted to catch her breath on top of him, picking up the bottle of lube and pouring some on to her hand, before putting it down and taking her mouth off Dan's length. Once his dick was in the open, Hayley took it in her hands and began spreading the slippery solution over it, making sure it was well covered, before moving it to nudge against Lily's anus.
"It was so hot yesterday, watching you get ass-fucked on the yacht. I want to watch Dan fuck your ass, and then I'm going to carry on eating your tight little pussy while he does." Hayley said, although Lily's head was still spinning from the orgasm.
"Oh yeah, that's it. That's so fucking hot! Jesus Christ!" She continued, watching as Dan pressed the smooth end of his circumcised dick past her ring and in to Lily's ass hole.
His helmet was already past her sphincter and more of his shaft was smoothly sliding in deeper when Lily's head began to clear and she regained her mental functions, quickly realising that she was getting fucked in her ass for the second day in a row, again by someone she hardly knew and who wasn't her boyfriend or long term partner. The part she didn't expect to also realise though, was that both yesterday on the yacht with the two guys, and now with Dan, she had actually grown to enjoy the feeling of a cock in her ass, and whereas previously she would have told Dan to stop and take his cock out of her back door, right now that was the last thing she wanted.
"God this is so fucking hot. Do you love having Dan's cock fuck your ass as much as I am loving watching it?" Hayley asked, her left hand playing with her own pussy as she moved her right hand to again play with Lily.
Lily let out a moan as Hayley's hand found her clit, strumming away as Dan continued banging her ass, before she removed her hand completely and replaced it with her mouth, allowing her tongue to probe Lily's sweet flower. Again, this was something she had never experienced, and if she was being honest, she had never thought she would, but right now, Lily could not believe how much pleasure she was getting from Dan's cock in her ass as Hayley ate her pussy. She could feel another orgasm building, and was eager for it to hit, allowing herself to become lost in the moment and letting the intense climax flow through her every fibre, tightening her ass hole around Dan's raging erection and tipping him over the edge he had been balancing on for a while. With a couple of short, high speed thrusts, he began unloading his cum into Lily's ass, his creamy jizz coating her insides as his cock twitched and spasmed. When he had finished, he slowly began to soften before his member slipped from Lily's now relaxing ring, followed by a stream of his cum that ran down between her butt cheeks before dripping onto his stomach. Hayley had risen to her feet, and was now leaning over Lily, again kissing her deeply as she began to regain her equilibrium.
"Well, that certainly wasn't how I thought my day would begin, but fuck me, I'm glad it did!" Lily stated, once she had got her breath back.
"Haha, I'm glad you enjoyed it! It was so hot watching Dan fuck your ass, and I had the best seat in the house to see it. Hmmm, we should definitely do this again!" Hayley responded, leading to a conversation to recreate and expand on what had happened once they were all back in the UK.
After making a bit of small talk for a while, Lily said she was going to head off, so Hayley went for a quick shower, but before Leaving, Lily decided to finish the conversation she started with Dan before Hayley woke up.
"What I was saying earlier, about if you arrange for someone to have sex with Hayley while she's passed out, I know she would be safe with you there. I'm saying I'm up for repeat performances of today back at home, and if you go through with that, I'm also up for it, if you would be there. Hayley has got my number, so we'll arrange to meet up and go out when we are back home, so we can sort something out if you don't mind?" Lily explained.
"Alright. Leave it with me. I'm not promising anything, but we'll see." Dan told her as she left, before closing the door and getting dressed, quickly taking a picture of a completely unaware Hayley as she stood washing her hair under the shower and sending it to Marc with the caption 'Soon! (You hope!).
When Hayley was finally ready, they headed out, going on a tour around a local shipwreck before returning to the mainland and heading to a local bar for some lunch and several drinks. Several drinks ended up turning into a half-day drinking session, with them walking their way back down the main strip that runs parallel to the beach, stopping off in each bar on a bar crawl of sorts. Despite the fact that Dan was with her, Hayley still received a lot of attention almost everywhere they went, with guys trying to hit on her in front of her boyfriend. Dan wasn't fussed by this though, as Hayley continually rebuffed them, however as she drank more and became more under the alcohol's influence, Dan could tell there were one or two guys she probably would have been interested in doing more with, had he given her the ok.
Without realising it, the first time Dan checked the time it was almost half past 10 at night, and both were now drunk, although Hayley was in a worse state than he was. When they decided to head back to the hotel, Hayley said she had to go to the toilet, so he took out his phone and text Marc, asking where he was and what he was doing. Almost immediately he had a reply, Marc saying he was in a club, but could slip out if needed, to which Dan told him they were heading back in a few minutes and will be at the pool bar for a few more drinks, so if he is still interested, he should bring the tablets and meet them there. Again, his phoned pinged a few seconds later with an 'ok', so he put it away and when Hayley re-emerged, they walked back to the hotel. Upon arriving back, Hayley sat down at the bar and ordered them another drink as Dan headed inside to the toilet, running in to Marc when he came out.
"Hey bud, how do you want to play this?" Marc asked with a big smile on his face.
"Give me two of the tablets, and keep a few on you. She's already pretty drunk, so we'll have this, and I'll encourage her to drink it quicker, then we'll have a shot each. Keep an eye on it, and when we have done it, head over and order two more shots. Offer one to me, and I'll refuse and get her to do it, then we'll have another drink. She's been on rum and coke all night, so one of us will be able to drop a couple of tablets in there without her noticing. After that, it's a waiting game for them to take effect. I'll take her upstairs and into the room, and message you when we're good to go."
He took a couple of the tablets off Marc and walked back, re-joining Hayley at the bar, and drinking his drink a lot quicker than normal, seeing Marc walk around the pool as he encouraged Hayley to finish her drink as he asked the bartender for a couple of Jagers. She knocked it back and picked up the shot, throwing that back as well, before laughing as she pointed out she felt a bit tipsy, jokingly saying she couldn't be since she doesn't drink. He ordered another rum and coke for her and vodka and coke for himself, before nodding towards Marc as Hayley said started rummaging through her bag for her cigarettes. He walked over and ordered 2 more jagers, before walking round to Dan and Hayley and making up a story about returning the favour to Dan for the shot he brought yesterday. Dan said he had drank too many shots that day, before pointing at Hayley and saying she does his shots when he's had enough, and passed it to Hayley, "telling" Marc he will do one tomorrow to make up for it.
"Oh well, I'm already steaming, another shot won't do much more harm!" Hayley stated, picking up the small glass and throwing it down her throat.
Dan made sure the bartender still had his back to them and nobody else was watching, before he dropped two tablets in to her drink and watched as they immediately sank and began quickly dissolving. Marc kept her occupied, ensuring she was looking the other way as he did so, before she put the shot glass on the bar and smiled, saying "easy" as she did so. Having finished the shot, Hayley immediately picked up the rum and coke and took a big swig as Dan signalled for Marc to leave, which he abruptly did by heading back towards his own room, knowing it was empty as his friends were still out at the club, leaving Dan and Hayley to carry on their night. Despite the fact that Hayley was now extremely drunk, she quickly finished her rum and coke, before deciding to order one more shot before they left. Initially, the bar tender didn't want to serve her due to how drunk she appeared, slurring her words and not seeming to be able to even sit up straight, until Dan convinced him to, promising that they would be leaving after that one.
Unbeknownst to everyone, Dan had slipped another tablet into his hand, and just before the bar tender passed him the drink, he pretended his lighter wasn't working, to get Hayley to search in her bag for one. As she did, the drink was put on the bar, and picking it up by covering the top, Dan let the third tablet fall into the glass and quickly dissolve in the black liquid. As Hayley passed him her lighter, he moved the drink away from her a little, getting her to promise they were leaving after that shot. He did remind her that they have more drinks in the room, so she can have more there, to which she replied she was far too drunk for that, before he handed over the shot and she knocked it back. Once finished, she stood up and almost immediately fell over, laughing at herself, before Dan took hold of her and letting her hold on to him for support as they made their way back to the room.
It was obvious to Dan that the tablets were taking affect as intended as Hayley was continually slowing down and holding on to him more and more as they walked, before she finally asked him to be carried, explaining she was too drunk to walk any more. Laughing between themselves, Dan picked her up as asked, although she wasn't expecting to be over his shoulder, and he continued the journey, reaching the door in a few minutes, before fishing the key out of his pocket and opening the door. He closed it behind him and carried her to the sofa, unzipping her dress with his free hand right down to just above her bum where the zip finished, before leaning over and carefully laying her down on her back, noticing she was already passed out and lightly snoring as she laid still. He pulled the dress down towards her midriff, before lifting her legs up and pulling it under her bum as it easily slid down her legs and off. Once this was done, he text Marc 'SHOWTIME. Door is open, just come in' and walked over to make sure the door was unlocked, before he took a look at Hayley as she lay passed out and almost naked smiling to himself as he knew what was coming next.
It didn't take Marc long at all before he walked in to the huge room, quietly closing and locking the door behind him, before he made his way towards Dan, stopping as he saw Hayley on the sofa. Even though he had seen her naked in the shower before, everything was different now for Marc, as before she was just a gorgeous girl he got to see naked, whereas now she was a gorgeous girl that had given permission for him to have sex with her however he likes while she is passed out. His eyes moved over her body as he imagined what he would do, starting off at her feet and moving up her legs until they stopped at the apex, which was covered by an almost transparent thong that allowed her landing strip to be blatantly visible through the fabric. After a few seconds of letting his mind run wild, he continued scoping the rest of her body, seeing her small breasts in a tiny lace bra that didn't really cover a lot or enhance her cleavage, before finally arriving at her face.
"Are you sure about this?" he asked, looking at Dan.
"Of course I'm sure. What is the first thing you would do if I wasn't here?" Dan asked back.
"Well, considering I've seen that video where she has said I can do what I want, Firstly, I'd take her bra and panties off so she's completely naked..." he started, before Dan interrupted him.
"Well, go on then. Have I made any attempt to stop you doing anything? I made sure you saw her naked, so now you've got permission to do whatever you want, so have at it!"
Smiling as he heard that, Marc walked over to Hayley and ran his hand up her leg, looking at Dan to see what reaction this got, and carrying it on up when Dan didn't flinch, finally reaching her covered pussy, rubbing his fingers over the sheer material as her boyfriend looked on.
"Take her thong off, you'll be able to see it better" Dan instructed, knowing that was what Marc was thinking but was still a little unsure Dan was serious.
"Hmm, alright" Marc replied, before taking both sides of the tiny garment and sliding it under her buttocks and down her legs, over her feet, and dropping it on to the floor.
"Now the bra..." Dan continued.
Marc reached around behind her and undid the clasp, before sliding it over her arms and dropping it next to the thong, leaving her now completely naked on the sofa, completely oblivious she was at Marc's mercy.
"Ok, now do you believe me? You have both of our permission to do what you like so long as you obey the rules from the video you saw. So... what do you want to do first?" Dan asked.
"I want to taste her. I want to know if her pussy tastes as good as it looks!" Marc replied, again looking towards Dan for apparent approval.
Dan nodded towards her, implying for him to go ahead, before saying he was going out for a cigarette and leaving Marc to it, watching as Marc spread her legs and moved his head down to between them, immediately starting to lick the presented pussy before his face. Dan had not even smoked half of his cigarette before Marc appeared on the balcony beside him, asking Dan if he could watch the video again. Dan showed him, and he stood there almost reciting the rules he had just heard. 'No messing with the hair on her head, no toilet activities, no choking or breath play, nothing to leave a permanent mark...' He muttered, before smiling a mischievous grin and heading back inside. Dan had taken the key to the balcony door, just to be sure he couldn't be locked out, before turning to look in at the sofa to see what Marc was up to. Surprisingly, Marc was stood over by the sink, filling a bowl with hot water, before putting it on the coffee table next to Hayley. Next he walked into the bathroom, and returned with a towel, placing it flat on the sofa under her legs, before lifting them and sliding it to underneath her bum, before taking a scoop of the water and rubbing it in his hands, before running his hands around her private area.
He then stood up, and again walked in to the bathroom, this time returning with Hayley's can of shaving gel and razor as Dan finally twigged what he was doing. He again rubbed water over her, before he squirted some gel onto his fingers, and rubbed it between his hands to get a thick lather, before spreading it on to her pubic area. Picking up the razor, he smiled as he carefully began running it over Hayley's skin, slowly and carefully moving it with the grain, removing the well maintained strip of hair she kept between her legs. Once it was gone, he wiped the gel off to check his work, before splashing more water on and again squirting more gel onto his hand, repeating the process, except this time going against the grain. This time didn't take as long and he was quickly removing the excess gel with the towel and water, pausing to inspect his handiwork. 'Much better!' he thought to himself as he viewed her now bald pussy, before lowering his head back down and starting to lick her again.
`
Whatever it was about a girl being completely shaved must have worked, as Marc wasn't rushing himself, still going down on her when Dan came inside from his cigarette. Dan looked over at this, and walked past them to the bedroom, returning a few seconds later with the bottle of Lube, and putting it on the table next to them, before picking up the bowl of water, shaving gel, and razor, and returning them to bathroom and sink, and perching on the side of the sofa to watch Marc fulfil Hayley's latest fantasy. Several minutes later, Marc decided it was the time he had been waiting for, standing up, undoing his shorts, and dropping them to the floor to reveal yet another decent size uncut cock standing to attention. He lowered himself to position his covered end at her entrance, rubbing it up and down a few times, before retracting his foreskin and pushing into her, letting out a deep growl as his length disappeared between her spread legs.
He began thrusting in and out of Hayley as she lay passed out like she wanted, quickly building up to a quick pace as he felt her pussy getting wetter, implying that whilst she wasn't consciously aware of what was happening, her body was apparently enjoying what was going on. He carried on hammering her prone pussy a good while longer, before pulling out and moving to her head, using his thumb to pull her jaw down, and slid his member into her mouth, starting to effectively face fuck her. After several minutes of this, Marc moved back down her body, manoeuvring her legs so that they were crossed, before lifting them to roll her back, raising her bum off the sofa as he pressed his length back in to her again.
Seeing he was enjoying himself, Dan decided to move to somewhere more comfortable in order to leave Marc to it, so he stood up and mentioned to mark to give him a hand turning the sofa round, which they quickly did. Once this was done, Dan walked over to the mini bar to make a drink, before stepping in to the hot tub as Marc regained his former pace, now getting into the action as he realised more and more he was free to do whatever he liked as Dan continued to watch.
"Don't forget, you can do whatever you want so long as it isn't in the things she said in the video" Dan reminded him.
Finally, Marc realised Dan was serious, and a devilish grin spread across his face as his realised what he was being told - He has full access to her body, and nobody will stop him doing what he likes. This resulted in him picking up his pace to a frantic level, hammering in to Hayley as Dan watched eagerly, before his hips thrust forward one final time and he began cumming, spilling his seed inside Hayley's juicy slit, much to Dan's disappointment. He held still for a while, allowing his cock to pump out the contents of his nutsack with a big smile on his face.
"Well, that was disappointing!" Dan stated. "I was thinking you would take full advantage of being allowed to do anything, and yet, all you've done is fuck her normal and blow your load quite quickly!"
"Haha, mate, don't worry about that! I took some Viagra earlier to make sure I would stay hard for hours. My cock ain't going soft for shit. And I am going to take full advantage of it, watch this!" Marc replied.
As he finished, he pulled his cock out of Hayley, allowing his cum to follow, dribbling down between her bum cheeks as both men looked on. The grin re-appeared on his lips as he held his cock by the base, rubbing it around in his own jizz, before lining up against her asshole and pressing inside her, using his cum as lube as his shaft disappeared further in to her back passage. Looking over to Dan as he kept sliding into Hayley, he was surprised to see her boyfriend smiling back at him, clearly enjoying watching his girlfriend's ass being penetrated by someone he hardly knew.
"I can't believe you're ok with this, watching your girlfriend being fucked by another guy, and you didn't even flinch when I started fucking her ass! How come dude?" Marc said as he began increasing the pace of his thrusting again.
"I find it a huge turn on sharing her. For so long, she was quite prudish about sex because she was embarrassed about having small boobs. Now she's finally got over that, it's a turn on for me watching her, and it's a turn on for her because it's like she is performing for me. That's why I also set her dares, to push the envelope and see how far she will go. Our sex life has improved because of it too." Dan explained.
"Oh, the only thing she forgot to say is you're not allowed to go straight from her ass to her pussy. If you've fucked her ass and decide you want to fuck her pussy again, you have to wash your cock" He added.
With that, their conversation stopped and Dan watched from the hot tub as Marc continued pumping into Hayley's ass, now in a spooning position with her left leg in the air, giving Hayley's boyfriend a perfect view of her recently shaved bald pussy. Whilst he had arranged this for her, because it was her fantasy to be used whilst passed out, Dan had to admit that it was actually pretty hot, knowing that she had already taken one load of cum, and it was a safe bet that Marc would be giving her another in the near future, and Hayley wouldn't have a clue who either came from when she wakes up. As Marc continued his ass fucking of Hayley, he could feel his second orgasm rising within his balls, so decided to prolong his enjoyment, and switch positions, removing his dick from Hayley and rising off the sofa behind her. Once he was able to move, he roughly picked her up from around her waist and positioned her into a kneeling position, her face down against the sofa, but her ass in the air. Picking up the lube, he squirted a generous dollop between her cheeks and moved to place his cock at her back entrance again.
Just as he was about to slide back into her, he had an idea, and looked again at the lube bottle. It was a thick plastic tube with a rounded end, slightly smaller in diameter than a drinks can, and transparent enough to easily see through. Deciding to follow through with his idea, he again opened the cap, and squirted even more of the slick liquid between Hayley's cheeks, letting it run down over her puckered up asshole and onto her pussy lips. Once he was satisfied there was sufficient, he closed the cap and turned the tube around, quickly rubbing the rounded end in the slippery fluid, before moving it to her pussy and began pressing it into her. The thick tube was bigger than any cock she had ever taken, and even though there was plenty of lube on both the tube and her pussy, the size of it ensured it wasn't going to go in easily. All Marc did was to increase the strength he pushed with though, and several seconds later, the rounded end slipped in and began stretching her pussy like it had never been before. Marc continued to smile as he used the tube like a dildo, pressing it deep into her before pulling it back and pushing it in several times more, finally stopping when it was almost completely buried in her.
At that point, he decided to pick up where he left off earlier, placing himself on one knee behind her as he again retracted his skin and lined up his smooth end with her ass hole, rubbing it around in the lube before attempting to press his hard cock back in to her. He hadn't counted on the role the lube bottle would play in this though, as having it in her pussy had made her asshole tighten up significantly, making it almost impossible for him to re-enter, instead each time he thought his end was about to slip past her sphincter, it seemed like her unconscious ass hole had other ideas and his rounded helmet slid away. Finally, he manoeuvred in such a way that his leg was almost holding her butt in place, and spread her cheeks open with one hand whilst using the other to guide his cock to her ass hole again, before pressing forward. The increased amount of pressure he was applying was noticeably visible on his face, which was contorted from the intensity, before her ass gave way and his dick slid in, bringing a fairly loud grunt, followed by an "Oh God!" from him as the increased tightness gripped his shaft as he pressed it deeper into her.
"Oh fuck man, that lube in her pussy has made her ass so tight! I don't think I'm going to last very long here. This is amazing, I can't believe you're down for this, but I'm so glad you are, because this is incredible."
"I take it that means you'd possibly be up for this again when we're back home?" Dan asked, knowing the answer before he heard it.
"Yeah definitely, and I'd bet most of my mates would be as well if you are." Marc replied, setting the cogs in Dan's mind whirring again.
It turned out Marc was right, he wasn't going to last long, and almost immediately he felt the cum leaving his balls and emptying into Hayley's ass, her ultra-tight ring gripping his length as he pumped stream after stream of jizz into her rectum. His cock continued to twitch as his spunk filled her ass, before he finally finished and pulled back slightly, resulting in his thick length slipping from her ass but still pointing out in front of him thanks to the blue pill's assistance. 'Oh fuck, oh fuck' Marc kept repeating as he struggled to catch his breath, remaining on one knee behind Hayley's motionless body that still had her ass in the air and the tube of lube sticking out from her pussy from where he had put it not too long before. Finally regaining his composure, Marc asked Dan if he would mind if he used the shower, receiving the go ahead, and quickly heading into the bathroom as Dan rose from the hot tub, walking over to Hayley's still prone body and smiling, knowing another one of her fantasies had been realised, and when she came round, she would be aware of it too.
The water in the bathroom shut off and a few seconds later Marc emerged with a towel wrapped around his waist, although this did nothing to hide the fact he was still hard as he walked around the room to collect his clothing, his eyes frequently scanning over Hayley as she remained in the position he left her. Once Marc had dressed, Dan asked for his help to turn the sofa back around, which they did, before Marc came up with his final act of the night - He pulled the tube of lube from Hayley and put it on the table, before turning her over and opening her legs once more, leaving her fully exposed again, and walking over to the window, opening the curtains.
"Right mate, I'm shattered so I'm gonna head off. I dare you to leave her like that for the night though, and if there is any chance of a repeat or anything else, text me, yeah?" Marc said, looking to Dan.
"Let me guess, you're going to go and tell your mates to come by and have a look at the girl you just fucked? Haha, yeah, it was your time, so I'll leave her there, and I will keep you in mind for the future, in case there is a possible repeat."
With that, Marc shook his hand and left, heading back to his own room as Dan turned the hot tub and light off, and went to bed himself, leaving Hayley passed out and spread legged on the sofa. He quickly fell asleep, awakening at around half 9 to find the bed still empty, so he walked out into the main room to find Hayley as she had been left the night before, still asleep, and still showing her freshly shaved, most intimate areas to anybody if they looked into their room. Leaving her there, Dan went outside on to the balcony for a cigarette, unlocking his phone and seeing a message from Marc thanking him for last night, before a message came through at that moment, a text from Lucie saying she had been having fun following his instructions, and was currently walking around her hotel room completely naked with the curtains open. This raised a smile from Dan, as he first set his phone to screen record, and then video called her, saying he wants proof that she was doing so. She answered the call immediately, holding the phone away from herself as she said hello, before scanning it over her body to reveal she wasn't lying, and was in fact naked. He could see the curtains were open behind her head, so he encouraged her to walk over and stand at the window, looking out in the nude to give anyone that can see a great view, which she did. After a few minutes of chatting with Lucie, he hung up and walked back inside to see Hayley beginning to stir, slowly waking up and heading to the bathroom. When she returned, she was saying how hungover she was, before picking up her cigarettes and heading outside for a smoke, still naked, and sat down while Dan made her a coffee.
Once she had finished the coffee and cigarette, she went back inside for a shower, quickly feeling the hot water start relieving her headache as she relaxed under it, before soaping up and washing herself. Once she had dried off and dressed, they decided to head out into the ton one last time since it was their last day. They spent the day wandering around, before heading to the beachside restaurant where they met Miruna for the first time, and sat down to order their food before Hayley spotted Miruna again, busy on the beach doing another shoot with two girls who seemed to be having a great time. They were almost done eating when Miruna finished the shoot, and once she saw their plates being collected, she wandered over for a chat, taking the seat offered as they sat talking. When the couple explained that they were going home the next day, she said she was glad she ran in to them then.
"I've spoken to the person that runs the website who is back in England. He also does test photoshoots for modelling agencies, and he is interested in doing a glamour shoot with Hayley if she is interested. I sent him the pictures from our shoots and he thinks that you may have a good chance as you are different to the normal models he shoots, so if you're interested, I'll give you his details and you can contact him when you get home?" Miruna explained.
"Yeah ok, I might do that. I'm not sure, as it was originally just a bit of holiday fun, but I might give it a go." Hayley responded, taking the business card from Miruna.
They sat chatting for about half an hour before Miruna went back to the beach to scout more girls, and Dan and Hayley went back to the hotel for some last day sunbathing as the temperature rose again. They decided to head up to their usual spot near the rocks, which meant Hayley could sunbathe topless like normal, but found the sunbeds they usually used weren't there, so instead put the towels on the sand, and Dan headed back to the hotel bar to get some drinks, pulling his phone out when he heard the text message signal beep. It was Lucie - 'If I don't see you before you go, have a safe trip, and hopefully we can meet in the future. I would love to meet your girlfriend, she sounds great and I think we could be good friends.'
Dan replied, thanking her for the gesture, before inviting her down to join them on the beach, explaining where they were, and that he hopes to see her soon. Seconds later he got a reply saying she was coming to join them, so when he arrived at the bar, he ordered 2 pitchers of cocktails to save having to keep coming back. He also saw Marc sat at a table away from the bar with one of his friends, possibly the only one of their group Dan hadn't ever spoken to, and could overhear their conversation, discussing different things they like to do with girls to get them in the mood. Calling him over, Marc introduced his friend as Billy, before asking which Dan thought was the better for getting a girl going - giving them a massage, or going the whole romantic way of running them a bath, making a nice dinner, some wine etc. Dan explained that both work on Hayley, so he couldn't really say which is better between the two, but based on what he has seen this holiday, getting her to do a sexy photoshoot works extremely well too. With that, he said his goodbyes and left, telling Marc he will keep in touch. As he walked out onto the beach again, he met Lucie who was walking along to meet him, and they walked back to Hayley together, with Lucie telling him about the naughty things she had been up to since she saw him last. This included his dare of getting in to her hotel room at night and full undressing with the lights on and the curtains open, and that she went to a club one night in a short dress without underwear on, saying it was the most erotic thing of her life, and that she was glad to have met Dan as he seems to have awakened her sexuality, and now she having all kinds of fantasies that she wants to fulfil.
They reached Hayley at that point, and Dan introduced the girls to each other, looking on as they quickly began chatting like old friends, bonding almost immediately. It didn't take long for the conversation to turn sexual, as Lucie began telling Hayley what she had said to Dan on the way down regarding his dare and the night out. As they sat chatting, Dan said he would leave them to it, and walked up the beach again, going past the hotel and further up, meeting up with Miruna again as she was scouting for girls. When she saw him, she immediately walked over to take a break, and they sat chatting over a drink as she reiterated her offer for him and Hayley to work for the site, saying they both seemed to find girls to shoot easily and would be perfect addition to the team. This was something that interested Dan, but they both already had pretty well paid jobs in England that they couldn't just up and leave, but he offered to help for the rest of the day, so headed out onto the sand. Straight away he spotted 2 girls in the shallow water that he thought would be perfect, so walked over and introduced himself.
As the sun began to set, he bid Miruna good bye and she gave him a big hug and kiss, thanking him for everything over the last two weeks, saying that she hopes to see them again, at which he told her she is always welcome to travel to England and stay with them, which she looked to be considering as he walked away to rejoin Hayley and Lucie. The two girls were still chatting whilst sunbathing, both topless, and both having their bottoms covering as little as possible to maximise their tan. When the sun was almost set, Lucie headed back to her hotel, and Dan and Hayley began walking back to their room, when Hayley mentioned to Dan that Lucie works as an air hostess, and next time she is in the midlands, she will come and stay with them.
"Oh, and what else did you two talk about? The conversation was getting pretty saucy when I left.." he asked.
"We were mainly discussing our various fantasies and things like that. I told her about mine to be fucked whilst I'm passed out, and she told me about a few of hers, like wanting to try both kinds of threesome, with possibly more people, and a few other things. I've told her if she comes over and stays we will see if we can help out with some of them." Hayley replied, giving Dan a wink.
That night they stayed in the hotel since it was the last night, going to bed earlier than normal and having a rigorous sex session, before falling asleep, and leaving to head home, their Romanian adventure ending for the time being, while another idea struck Dan...