Cabot moves in first. Then out. Then, in. Then, out... OH MY GOD CABOT!!
*
It had been two days since Margo Needy and her son's friends dropped him off to catch his flight to France. While Margo missed her son every second, her emotions, in and out of synch tested her sanity. She had gotten a text every day since, but they had yet to Skype online, agreeing to once a week until he grew accustomed to the city and new language barrier. In a sense she was glad after accidently sending Elliot a very short masturbation video meant for his friend Brian. Elliot laughed over it and told her it was all good. Nothing more said about it after that moment kept her at ease. The time would come that they would need to talk about her err. The extra time given alone by the boys driving her crazy, Margo finally sent a mass text to her new tenants that they could officially begin their move into her spare bedrooms. They were already packed.
"Enough moping." Margo got up from her family room sofa in the basement where a massive 80-inch screen television played nothing in particular. It was merely on for background comfort. She hadn't even exhibited energy for her daily workouts. Loneliness was tearing her up. Not even thinking about the truck ride where she allowed the boys to massage her limbs and shoulders kept her entertained. Sighing relentlessly, she finally received her first text back. It was Brad Pitt's clone Cabot Ross.
"About time." She grumbled, texting back, "I NEED COMPANY. I'M GOING INSANE." All in capital letters to emphasize her neediness.
"Give me an hour and I'll be out. Just packed up my car. Bringing my rent check with an equal amount deposit."
"I didn't ask for a deposit."
"I know, but I know you can use the money."
"That's very thoughtful Cabot. I'm soooo tense. Being out here all by myself has me on edge."
"Aw! Need a massage?"
She smiles briefly pondering the idea, "That sounds lovely. Will the others be moving out here tonight?"
"No. Brian's cutting down trees with his dad so he's driving out tomorrow. Eric the next day. Heath the day after. Job schedules are preventing them from immediate occupancy."
"I understand. At least I'll have you then."
Cabot Ross wanted to say, "I'm all yours, baby." He chose to say, "My best massage ever in two hours. If you want my hands."
"For two hours or in two hours? LOL!" She giggles texting.
"Both. Putty in my hands mom." Worth the risk in her current mood.
"As much as I adore you calling me that. I prefer Margo, or gorgeous. LOL!"
"Well then Gorgeous... see you in an hour. Get ready to feel relaxed."
"Drive safe." She ends her text, as sudden images of telling her late husband Darryl just that made her cry. All of her time alone she was too emotional, she needed to come to grips before the boys found regret in moving in.
Forcing herself up she decides to take a shower and make her lazy ass presentable. no man of hers was ever going to see her looking... "He is not your man. Oh my God Margo... get it together. Everything that's happened this week has my hormones running wild. Elliot's going away party, being covered in ice water and my white dress turning transparent in front of way too many men..." She fans herself with violent hands, "The truck massage, feeling their cocks erect under my ass as I sat in their laps..." Margo was now pacing about, still fanning her features. "Oh my God I need to masturbate before Cabot gets here. If I don't his massage might send me over the edge. I don't want to attack the man. Not that, that doesn't sound appealing. DARN IT!" The shower could wait a bit longer.
Racing upstairs she quickly strips out of her short cotton shorts and camisole to lay naked in her bed. Fingers running rampant inside her pussy makes her moan exceptionally loud with no one around to hear her. It was nice to feel that freedom. For thirty minutes she moves from fingering to rubber dildo, to vibrator, to magic wand on her clit. Margo loved her toys. As she had the night before taking Elliot to the airport, she fantasized about all four of his friends. An apologetic prayer to Darryl for her unfaithfulness she sighs, "Why am I asking forgiveness? I know you would encourage me, Darryl." A giggle later she blows a kiss toward Heaven and hurries to take her much needed shower. Twenty minutes of shaving her legs and cleaning herself thoroughly she steps out to dry off. Then, the doorbell rang.
"He must have broken the speed limit... and an axel on our gravel road. I can't let him wait on me to get dressed it's hot out there. In here too." She wraps herself in a towel tightly and hurries down the stairs to the front door. Using the peep hole to confirm it was Cabot she opens the door hiding behind it. "Hey Speedy! You caught me in the shower. Give me a minute I'll go get dressed."
"It's your house Margo. Besides that, you're halfway ready for that massage." He steps in eying her nervousness. "Why does it always seem like I catch you when you're wet?"
"HA! HA! Who was it that drowned me and my son in buckets of ice water?"
"About six of us." He laughs, "It was dark, so we didn't see you naked."
"Close enough, my dress clung to me like my own skin. I might as well have been. The light off of the bonfire probably showed everything. If not that, when I lost my belly dancers skirt."
"A little. We closed our eyes."
"NO, YOU DIDN'T." She raises her voice laughing, "You guys stared the entire time. I had to hide behind Elliot. And my hand."
"And his blow-up girlfriend Airika." Not really, she was in the tent awaiting Elliot. It sounded hilarious at the time.
"That was pretty funny." She waves him inside, "Fine! I'll hang out in my towel. If you tell the others, you might as well not bother unpacking." She points. Of course, he would tell them, she knew that, but it was fun to make him worry.
"Our secret Momma Gorgeous."
She bats her eyes at him, "Are you sure I can't get dressed and help you carry your things in?"
"And get all dirty again? I can get it. Oh, I did bring you a gift."
"It had better not be flowers."
"No way! That would be weird. Hold on it's in my front seat. "He darts back out leaving her to hug the door. With his back to her Margo felt evil and opened her towel to expose herself. if he had looked back, he would have seen a full-frontal paradise.
"I can't believe I just did that." She giggled, wrapping back up before he closes his door. She believed it, Darryl would have taken her towel away. But he was not here now to do so. Hiding whatever Cabot had inside a small cooler she grew curious the closer he got.
"Did you bring popsicles?" She smiled.
"No. I don't know if I could handle watching you eat one of those." He chuckled.
Without a reply she frowned then just as swiftly smirked. "Evil man. I'd give anything for a nice cooling popsicle."
"Anything? I can go buy some. Only five miles to that gas station between here and Wildwood."
"Get your mind out of the gutter." She shakes her head, "I'm glad Elliot didn't think like you. Like all of you." Oh, he was worse! Just very good at manipulation and hiding his thoughts.
"You take what you get Margo. I'm pretty sure we're going to speak our minds."
"Is that a threat?" She sighs.
"More of a promise probably."
"Oh lord." She shivers, "What did you bring me?"
"Two things actually. I know you like wine, so I bought you a bottle from that gas station. I hope you like it; all I know is its red."
"Aw! That's sweet of you Cabot. Wait! You're not old enough to buy liquor."
"I know the guy working. He never cards anyone. Brought something else too. I hope you don't think too much into it."
"Dare I ask?"
He reaches into the cooler and lifts out a bottle of body oil. Her eyes light up with a bit of panic. "Well now... I... don't know what to say."
"How about you say I'll just go put the wine in some glasses and the oil in the microwave." He chuckles. "I want to try the wine."
"And the oil?"
"Sure, you can put some on me." He winks and adds, "Just kidding."
"No, you're not. You're a man."
"And a tenant who prefers to keep his new happy home." He pulls a check out of his wallet. Handing it to her sure enough it was written out to her in the amount of $900.00. She couldn't stop smiling.
"Thank you, Cabot. You go to the kitchen and pour us some wine. Glasses in the cupboard next to the fridge. I'll go put this check somewhere safe. I might need a ride to the bank to deposit it."
"I can do that. One of us can at least. Depending on when you want to do that."
"You can also heat the oil up."
"Seriously?"
"Can you behave?" She looks at him wincing.
"Well, I did massage your legs in Brian's truck."
"Moving rather high up on my leg if memory serves. Way higher. You all saw a lot of me. Pretty much all of me besides my chest now that I think of it."
"You weren't complaining." He went theatrical in his actions, "Just saying."
"No. It felt lovely. I totally misbehaved, didn't I?"
"Oh, yeah you did." He laughs, "We weren't complaining either. If I get too forward just tear up that check. Another good reason not to unload my... car before we're done with the massage." He shivered thinking about cumming all over her. Unloading that is!
"Oh no! This check is mine." She tucks it between her cleavage behind the towel.
"Where are we meeting up?"
"I never considered that. I don't want that oil ruining my couches, and my bed is off limits." For now, she nibbled her lip in thought.
"Rug in front of that huge fireplace in your basement?"
"Oh my!" She flutters her fingers in front of her flushed features.
"Poolside?"
"No. It's just... Darryl and I used to... make love on that big furry rug quite regularly."
"Oh... sorry if I brought back any..."
"Let's do it on that rug." His eyes bulge as he automatically thinks she intended to make love to him there.
"The massage. Mind out of my gutter, Mister Ross."
"I knew that." He fidgets pointing at the kitchen, "Glasses and oil." He hurried away. Shutting her front door to avoid any flies becoming a nuisance she paused closing her eyes to envision his hands all over her, ALL OVER HER. Shaking it off she wiggles her hands nervously.
"BEHAVE YOURSELF." Zero chance of that. "I can't do this in a towel. I can't." She wanted to but chose the right thing to do. String bikini it was. Up her stairs she went. It took her a total of four minutes to locate the tiniest bikini she had in her arsenal. Favoring white as always because of its revelation of shadows around her areolas, that she knew could be noticed easily without her looking as if she wore it on purpose. Primping her hair, a bit and putting on some lip gloss she starts for the door then hesitates to look back at her bedside stand. On the cherry wood stand rested her bottle of muscle relaxers. Her eyes bulged, "I could fall asleep and make it look as if unintentional. Look how things went in Brian's truck when I fell asleep. I actually don't fully know what the boys did while I was comatose." Her hunch said nothing. She was pretty close to being correct. Popping two just for an added bonus to calm her nerves at what she was about to endure she drank the last of a bottled water to wash them down. She hadn't been sleeping well as it was so in her mind the massage might relax her enough to drift off. Faking it if it didn't take effect in time.
Hurrying to the head of the stairs she saw Cabot standing at the bottom of the flight looking up, "I had a feeling you couldn't go through with just the towel." He chuckled. "Are we taking this poolside?"
"No. We can still do it indoors. That rug has seen its fair share of... massages. Darryl used to give me the best ever while laying on that fluffy beast. He would sometimes let... " Voice halting her thoughts finished her sentence, "... his friends and team massage me. Amongst other things." Sex was good! All, right in front of Darryl watching. She missed those adventures.
"Fluffy beast? You act like it's a bear skin rug."
"Polar bear rug without the head... and limbs. It's just a facsimile rug." She snickers taking each step with a very bouncy chest approving of her vigor. Cabot did too. She watched his eyes every step taken. Even his jaw dropped. At facing him on the second to last step she reaches out and grips his jaw raising it before a pat to his cheek. "No drooling Mister Ross. This is only a massage."
"Right! I wasn't even considering more than... those... that." He swallows dryly.
"Let's not get our living arrangement off to the wrong start Brad."
"Brad?"
"Brad Pitt. You look like Brad." She eases by him and moves in front of the basement steps adjacent to the upstairs flight. Halting to gaze down at his jeans she fidgets, "Shouldn't you change to be more comfortable? You're dressed up in my opinion." He was wearing what appeared to be brand new blue jeans and a black polo shirt.
"You think?" He looks himself over, "Yeah, oil might get on these. I'll run out to my car and grab a box of clothes. Maybe those sweats I wore to the airport."
"The ones that made..." She grits her teeth trying to mask her expression.
"Made what? An impression?" He chuckles.
"Oh, they most certainly did that. Those would be just fine." She knew very well what Cabot hid behind his clothing. Having had his dick out as she sat in his lap on the way to the airport. A huge turn on that certainly stimulated her mischief. He and his friend Eric had both exposed themselves to her bare bottom that day.
"Okay! Here, take the oil down."
"It's cooling already. I'll reheat it while you're gone."
Twisting in step Cabot darted for the door. Closing it behind him she giggled thinking about her earlier exposure while standing at the door. Sighing she shuffles to the kitchen and places the bottle in the microwave for 2 minutes. While waiting she goes to her fridge and finds a Tupperware dish of strawberries freshly picked from her secret garden in the timber. Nibbling on one with succulent lips wrapped around it she envisioned it as the crown of Cabot's penis. Eyes flaring, she moves to the living room window to see something quite unexpected. Cabot Ross was changing clothes right beside his car door. Down to his boxers she lifts her brows at the sight of his well-toned body.
"Oh, my goodness. Brad is ripped."
Continuing to observe his actions as he sorts through clothing in a box, she fans herself, still sucking on her strawberry. Finding his clothing selection, he looks back at the house, she swiftly ducks out of the window while still maintaining a perfect gaze. Convinced he was safe he dropped his boxers and stood there a moment naked.
"Wow! Brad has got a really big penis." She bites the strawberry in half chewing as she watches him fondle his wagging beast, looking right at her without knowing the truth that she could see him. Fair trade she giggled, knowing she had flashed him as well, although he hadn't seen her. "No wonder my seat was so uncomfortable on the way to Philly." His lap was perfect on her bare bottom that day. "This living arrangement is going to be soooo..." She turns her back to him suddenly, and shivers, "Stop staring at it."
Shuffling back to the kitchen and tossing the rest of her strawberry into her sink's garbage disposal she licks her fingertips and freezes in thought. What was she considering? So far, she had kept her desires for the most part innocent, at least in front of them. Massages were not going all the way with any of them. Was being alone making her choose to be bad? Want to be... seductive? She knew the boys were into her, their eyes and sly words gave them away, even when they attempted to restrain themselves. It was their actions and reactions that was making her desire attention. It had been well over a year since Darryl had made love to her. Was she ready? Time would tell.
"No. Try not to let things go that far. Tease but do NOT go all the way." She tried to convince her hormones. They were laughing at her, she needed laid. Growling at her thoughts she gripped her kitchen island and almost felt tempted to climb up on it and, "Darn it Darryl! Quit putting images in my head." She wasn't insane, she just liked talking to her one true love.
Putting on his grey shorts made of scissor cut sweatpants, he steps back into his tennis shoes. From there he put on a white t-shirt that dangled well over his concealed erection. Hiding it from a direct recognition that he had left his underwear behind. Stuffing the rest of his clothes back into the box he popped his neck to relax his own nerves. Door slammed he sprints toward the house.
The ping of the microwave had gone unheard at first, until the third warning. Trembling relentlessly Margo procures the oil bottle and closes the microwave door. Being hot to the touch she rests it on the counter, then snatches up a hand towel to carry it from that point onward. He might need the towel for his hands later anyway. A fast adjustment to her bikini bottoms that had tugged up into her labia forming a camel toe, she headed back out to the foyer to meet him. Eying his change of clothing she grins, "I recall those shorts."
"Yeah. I don't have many cut offs. Need to invest in more." He looks her over from head to toe, "That bikini doesn't hide much Mrs. Needy."
"Stop with the Mrs. Needy stuff. It's Margo."
"Or, Gorgeous... right?"
"If you like." She beguiles him with an evil grin then turns to head downstairs. Her ass was absolutely perfect. Heart shaped with just enough added enhancement on a very good plastic surgeons' part, offered a bounce to her cheeks. Cabot had to grit his teeth; his erection was becoming so rock hard it was agony. He worried he might jizz without ever touching himself. Realizing he had watched her reach the bottom before he even took his first step down, he bolted after her. She looked up at him catching a glimpse of his hard on dancing about. Her mind was not behaving.
Before he hit the floor she had turned and wiggled her way around the family room and stood before the massive white fur rug. Tilting her gaze at him she held the oil bottle up for him to reclaim as he stood behind her. Accepting the bottle, she bent forward and lightly compressed her ass against his crotch, he held his breath looking down between them to see her cheeky crevice right over his lap. In that held breath she lowered forward to her hands and stretched horizontally with every seductive expression she could muster, enjoying the soft fur along her frontal glide. Her breasts smothering into the fur lost her tops coverage slightly, the left nipple exposing itself. She decided to leave it free for now, he couldn't see it anyway. Besides that, her intention was to untie her top so that he could massage her back without interference.
"Jesus Christ, Margo." He growls under his breath. "Maybe she does want me more than she lets on. Calm it down dude. Practice what you preach. You told the guys to act normal, so you need to as well." Not so easy was it Cabot? "Is it bad for me to admit I don't know where to start? I've only rubbed your legs before now." He had omitted her ass cheeks thinking her asleep that day in Brian's truck.
"Sit beside me." She pats the rug as he follows her lead and drops to his knees to her right. "Are you shaking Cabot?" She realizes his legs quivering.
"Yeah! I'm a little... nervous, I guess. No offense Mar... Gorgeous... I've never seen you wear so little clothing. It's a bit intimidating."
"So little? Cabot you've seen everything but my breasts in small doses. Do you want me to go put on a pair of shorts?"
"NO!" He blurts then winces at her, "Sorry."
Giggling she reaches over and pats his leg, "I was hoping you would say no. This is so much more comfortable."
"For you." He admits laughing.
"Oh?" Her hand on his leg points an index finger toward his obvious canopy, his shirt revealing half of his erection. A quick cover up he sighs and apologizes yet again.
"If you're going to live under my roof you need to stop apologizing for every... little thing."
"We both know it's not little." He chuckles, "I'm just sorry it's... uncontrollable at the moment. You shouldn't have to be uncomfortable around me on my first day here."
"Am I uncomfortable Cabot?" She removes her hand from his leg and crosses her arms under her head manufacturing a pillow. Staring up at him with sparkling brown eyes she makes him melt.
"You... don't look like you are."
"What do I look like Cabot?"
"Ummmm! A swimsuit model?"
"Been there done that. Oil me up before it cools off again."
"On it." He opens the cap and dabs some on his palm before sitting the bottle on a coffee table only an arms stretch away. Rubbing both hands to share in the oil he decides upon her shoulders and back. The second he touches her she trembles and closes her eyes. His hands were enormous. Squeezing her neckline as well, she drags her long brown hair around to keep him from getting oil in it. Light moans effect his hearing with each fingers kneading.
"You have wonderful hands Cabot." She moves her hand up patting his knuckles on the back of her neck, "This bikini string is in your way." Untying it left only her back strap to keep her top in place. It allowed him more freedom to work his magic.
"Thanks. You have good... everything." He winced at how stupid that sounded.
"Much better than Heath... in Brian's truck."
"Yeah, the confined space didn't offer any of us much room to really work on you. That and Elliot asleep made us feel awkward."
"How do you think I felt with my son right there while I allowed you boys to... explore a bit."
"Was that what we were doing?" He laughs.
"Of course, you were. Cabot? I was not upset in the least. My only concern was if Elliot had woken up and saw you all... touching me."
"In our defense we didn't touch anything..." He hoped she didn't call him out for lying. Cabot definitely touched more than he should have.
"That might have made the ride rougher than it already was?" No need to let him know she was mostly aware. There were moments where she was asleep, and anything could have happened. Even if it did, she was not going to let it dissuade her from renting to the boys.
"Yeah, I'm pretty certain you having to sit in our laps was not that pleasant."
'Oh, I found it... cozy."
"Come on now..." He laughs rubbing her back, "You knew none of us were wearing underwear."
"Exactly. I felt your erections every second of the entire ride. Did you hear me complain? Did I scold you and Eric?"
"No. I presumed you were just being respectful, even though we were disrespecting you."
"Strangely, I rather liked it. Please do not read too much into that." She nibbles her lip not bothering to open her eyes.
"I know I liked it. I could... sorry..."
"If you apologize one more time for anything... you can go wash your hands and I'll go take a nap. I took some more muscle relaxers and I think they're kicking in." She yawns faintly.
"Gotcha. Your skin is flawless."
"I take great pride in my body."
"I can tell. No scars even from your enhancements. That's impressive. I'll stop if you doze off."
"You don't have to stop if I drift away. And yes, my surgeon was paid quite a healthy sum to make me look natural. Darryl demanded no scars and was willing to pay what was necessary to achieve that bit of perfection."
"That's awesome! You won't feel my massage if you're asleep." He offers a shocked expression.
"No. But I'll know that you continued to relax me further."
"If that's what you want." He prayed she would pass out so he could touch places he knew he couldn't if she was awake. Massaging the arm closest to him she sighs religiously, mumbling "Lord, that feels so good." Once finished he reclaims the oil bottle and decides to just trickle droplets all over her back and butt. Oh, that butt was calling his hands.
Gliding awkwardly over her spine, down to the bikini bottoms strings he wondered if he could get those bottoms off of her. Was she that openminded? She did have her G-string off in the truck, of course she was open to it. For long moments he toyed with the idea deciding to shy off and merely work under the strings and around them.
"Troubles Cabot?" He hears as his eyes flare. Was she a mind reader?
"Just trying to do a good job with these in my way."
"You can lower them a bit if you need to." Instead, she reaches behind her back and unties her top. Now both strings holding it were undone. Good thing she was laying on her chest.
"If I do I think the strings tied to your hips might come untied."
"That would be rather unlandlady like of me, wouldn't it?" She giggles. "Of course, I just untied my top to make things easier on you."
"Hey! That's your call. I'm happy doing what I'm doing?"
"Feeling me up?"
"Am I? Everything that's really..." He stops cold stressed he might be speaking out of turn.
"Don't say I'm sorry, or you will be." She shivers laughing.
"Oh, I'm not apologizing. Can I be... open?"
"You may."
"I love your ass."
"Well now! You haven't even massaged it yet" She sighs smiling. Of course, he had in the truck. Briefly but still!
"Okay if I do?"
"Yes Cabot. Just don't get carried away." She replies yawning again.
"I won't." He wanted to.
Grazing his palms over her right butt cheek he dropped his jaw and tried to maintain his composure. Sudden inspiration struck leading him to move. Without asking he repositioned, throwing his left leg over both of hers to sit on them carefully. Now he was in the position to massage both of her butt cheeks at once. "Please don't stop me. Please don't freak out." He begged within his thoughts. She made no effort to stop him.
As his hands slid back under the strings of her bottoms he kneaded at her hips. In his own sly effort, he was hoping to loosen those strings tying the bikini to her. He could tell it was working. Enjoying his attention, she herself knew those strings were untethering ever so slowly.
"Mmmm! Keep it up, Mister Ross. Don't make me untie them on my own." She was getting really wet at her unspoken direction. He did notice damp spots along her white bikini bottoms in just the right area. Of course, it could have been the oil staining her. Either way his dick was throbbing hard.
"Dammit! I want to jerk off over this ass. So, freaking perfect." He needed to slow down before he just pulled his cock out and stroked it. Maybe if she fell asleep, he considered. He chose to relax her further moving to her legs where he seemed to be an expert. She continued soft moans as he dribbled more oil to gloss up her calves and thighs. Tender massages later he tried hard not to locate any hidden ticklish spots. He wanted her to doze off without him reviving her unexpectedly. He decided to check in on her.
"How am I doing Margo?"
No response. Had she fallen asleep? She had just moaned. Borrowing time, he continued relaxing her legs moving back up toward her inner thighs, that tightly wet clam so inviting to the eye. He realized the cloth was offering a bit of flesh tone beneath it. HELL YES! Gliding his hands back up over her butt he increased his knuckle rising in hopes her strings might give way. Her left hip was so very close to being free. No shiver, no reaction to his rubbing. Suddenly, the string toppled to the rug, leaving the other string on her hip. He froze and looked over at an angle to see if her eyes were open, they were sealed tightly.
"You asleep?" He whispered. Nothing. Not even a sigh.
Afraid to touch the string he focused on the other string still tied. Using both hands under the band on her lower back he worked her flesh until the other string came loose to join its neighbor. Carefully pinching the top strings, he brings them toward him until he could witness her butt pucker. Yearning to lick it he kept himself in check and decided to work more on her back, just in case she was awake and testing him. Straddling her legs again he stretched out over her to reach her shoulders, his body weight pressing his erection over her butt. He could feel his concealed cock slide over her crack and held his breath. Eyes rolling back into his skull he thinks to himself, "Please be out cold." He kept his fingers in motion while lingering over her. Not a single peep out of her was detected.
Easing away from her shoulders with palms caressing her back, he stood up on his knees to both sides of her. With her strings undone he massaged her hips without interference. Suddenly, a faint snore caught his attention. Teeth gnashed, his eyes flared, "YESSSSS!" He made certain to take his time offering her more relaxing tenderness. More oil tantalizing her skin into a slick appearance he decided to dare himself.
Hiking one leg over both of hers he returns to massaging her legs and attempting to create a wide gap between her two limbs. Enough that he might now kneel between them. Succeeding with a breathless smile he trickled more oil along her back and leaned over her, halting just before his shorts touched her butt. Tempted he waits to hear yet another soft snore before reaching a hand up to untie his sweats and lower them just enough to fondle his cock. He really wanted to jack off right now but knew the activity might wake her up.
"Touch her with your dick, she's sleeping." He told his inner thoughts. Exposing himself further he lowers over her to use one hand to massage her back while his other hand lightly pressed his cock between her butt crack. Still no movement. His luck was encouraging him further. Easing back to again reveal her butthole he grits his teeth and presses his tip down as if wanting to penetrate her anally. Nothing but a gentle relaxing sigh out of her lips. It was enough for him to retreat touching her and hiding his dick in case she looked back. Nothing. Fist clenched he mumbled, "Fuck yeah."
"More." He heard her mumble. Had she known what he did? "Don't stop now. I was just getting all comfy. More oil. More hands. More..."
"Holy shit." He nearly panics, eying her untied strings.
"Should I roll over Cabot?" She taunts him groggily, "Put me to sleep. I sooo need sleep."
"Um! Margo? I untied your strings so I could massage your hips better. Let me tie you up first."
"Such a gentleman." She whispers as he tied them quickly. Not once did she open her eyes. Unbelievable!
"You can roll over now." He shuffled backward on his knees to give her room. So tired she could barely move Margo whimpers.
"I might need help Darryl... I mean Cabot." Whoa! She called him by her late husband's name. Was she that out of it?
"You sure you don't want to go lay on the couch over there?"
"Nooo! Massage me more. Help me..."
He grips her leg and an extended arm to lightly roll her over. In doing so her nipple that had slipped out earlier surprisingly covered itself up as the material hugged her chest. Damn his luck. He barely saw areola. Not enough to even brag about. Collapsing on her back she keeps her legs to both sides of his knees, as her hands move to make certain her chest was fully covered. Eying her body he saw her tilt her gaze away to snuggle on her bare shoulder.
"FUCK THOSE TITS ARE AMAZING." He growls under his breath. His eyes lower to her bikini patch again constricting enough to reveal camel toe. "I'm so fucking this bitch one of these days."
"Oil..." She entices.
"Are you sure? The front's more... personal."
"Maybe you're right Cabot." She wakes up and opens her eyes, "I don't want you to think I'm easy. All of you boys need to understand a few things. Just because my last name is Needy doesn't mean I am." She tried to be convincing, her eyes lowering to his erection made him think otherwise. "I felt a massage was innocent enough but... that erection tells me differently."
"You sat on it before." He chuckles.
"The real thing. Yes, I knew. Did I have a choice in my seating arrangement?"
"You could have bumped Jeff and took the front seat."
"Oh, that would have gone over well." She giggles sitting up with her legs apart facing him. He definitely looked between her legs as well. It became a look at me challenge.
"So, Gorgeous?"
"Yes?" She smirks.
"Does this mean no further massages ever?"
"Of course not. I like massages."
"Not too late to finish this one." He winks.
"Can you control yourself Mister Ross?"
"Probably not. I'm willing to try though."
She takes a deep breath and lays back staring up at him with a sparkle. "You may untie those strings again if they get in the way."
"Your whole bikini is in the way." He laughs and intentionally lifts the oil bottle over her chest and douses her from head to toe. Yelping she joins him in laughter before settling back and pointing up at him.
"BEHAVE."
"No promises. Tearing up my rent check?"
"Absolutely not."
"Here come my hands." He winks then moves in over her shivering body. Her hands holding her top to her chest are claimed and set to her side, "Don't get in my way." He chuckles.
"I'll try not to." She sighs as he begins at her shoulders and upper arms. Scooting closer she lifts her legs slightly and flares her eyes. His hands quickly gravitated toward her breasts. Knuckles guiding the clothe about in his journey. She trembles heavily watching his eyes explore her. "Is my top in the way now?"
"You taking it off?"
"No." She giggles.
"Then I guess it stays in my way."
"Sorry."
"No more apologizing Needy." He stops to point his index finger at the tip of her nose, forcing it to wrinkle up out of awe. A dose of her own medicine, warning wise. In his careful straddle she feels his erection directly over her pussy and tenses up. Even with her bikini bottoms and his shorts in the way of direct flesh on flesh contact it sent lightning through her nerves. His crotch was stained in oil.
"It's not that I don't trust you..."
"You don't trust me." He chuckles.
"What kind of example would I be as your landlady if I... let you touch everything?"
"The cool landlady?" He laughs.
"I'm already the cool landlady. Just not that... dammit Cabot." She blushes.
His fingers massage her breasts around her bikini making her gasp, as fingertips dip under the edges of the material. With each gentle rub and a tender squeeze, the material slips a bit. She whimpers at the eventuality.
"Cabot?"
"Yeah?"
"Maybe you should massage elsewhere for a while." He delicately stretches the bikini top back into place before moving lower to her tight abs. They weren't aggressively body builder abs by any means, but her belly was tight and curvy. More oil applied he rubs her tummy and her rib cage. Finding his first ticklish spot she jumped, her hands to her side made the bikini top drift lower. She left it alone.
"Oooo! She's ticklish." He locates it again and laughs as she squirms about. Her right hand was forced to hold her top to her chest.
"Stooooop that."
"I don't want to." He moves in for a wrestling match that makes her top fall over her arm. Only that kept her nipples hidden. More taunting made her yelp and laugh uncontrollably. "What's the matter Gorgeous? Can't take it?"
"You just wait. I'll find yours someday." She struggles, her legs clinging to his hips to roll on the rug together. Cabot Ross was loving it. Strangely enough, so was she. In the wrestling Cabot felt his hand over the bikini bottoms slipknot and pinched it loose in the frolicking. Moving swiftly back in to tickle her further. Switching sides, he intentionally locates the second hips strip and does the same. He was going in for the kill. Now that every string on her entire bikini was untied the true torment was making her insane.
"OH MY GOD, CABOT! YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE ME PEE." She battled him with everything she had laughing hysterically. Not once had she noticed her strings untied and falling away, not that it mattered. In her defensive stance her legs rubbed at his own hips, her knees without realizing it were guiding his loose sweats down to expose his pubes. Her free hand slipping under his shirt to claw at his muscular chest. Not drawing blood, she wasn't mad in the least, merely trying to get him to stop tickling her. Between the two combatants' skin was exposing on both ends.
"I'm not done massaging you." He laughs face to face with her. Sticking her tongue out at him she licks his nose laughing. As he raises his arm to wipe the saliva off with his shirt, she lowers her left hand to his hip and discovers his sweats drooping. Her eyes bulging, she suddenly feels the tip of his crown on her belly.
"Oh crap." She whimpers to herself as he gets even by licking her face. Laughing she loses sight of her discovery in order to squirm about. His licks went from cheek to cheek then to her neckline. The misery made her playfully scream while laughing. The torment continued.
In their rolling about, her top went missing finally. Her tits fully exposed crushed against his t-shirt. "I am so raising your rent Cabot." She yelps as his persistent tickling discovers yet a new spot beneath her armpit. "Nooooooooooo! Stooooop! Dammit Cabot."
"You love it." He grunts licking her chin.
"No, I don't." She bites him on the arm playfully. He reacts by grabbing her arms and holding them at bay, much stronger than her as it was. Forcing her to lay back meant at least the tickling was over. Both breathing heavily they stare at each other with evil glares. She pauses making him think she was relenting then surprises him by rearing her legs high and touching knees to his bare hips. He realized then that something wasn't right. Looking down over her he discovers her breasts crushed against his shirt which was ruffled up to his pecs. Another glance from side to side he notes his shorts past his hips. That meant...
"I'm so s..."
"DON'T SAY IT. Close your eyes and get up off of me."
"What if I don't want to?" He laughs. Lowering his hips, he felt his exposed cock roll right over... "Your bikini..." He felt labia molding around his beast. All he had to do was locate her hole.
"Fell off five minutes ago. Both parts. This was certainly not planned Cabot. Was it?"
"What? No! Should I..."
"Finish my massage?"
"Not what I meant but that too. Pull my sweats up?" He glares with a depressed look.
"Yes and no." She timidly smiles.
"Meaning what?"
"Meaning finish my massage. With your pants... off."
"Whoa! Never saw that coming."
"Was that a pun?" She laughs.
"Guess it was. So, let me get this straight... take my pants off and give you a nude massage?"
"Release my hands." He lets her go instantly. Moving them to his face she palms his cheeks forcing him to look directly into her eyes. "If I let you massage me that does not mean anything sexual. No kissing. No fingering me. No... well you can massage my nipples." She snickers blushing, "That can't be helped."
"Seriously?" He swallows under her beautiful gaze. "With my pants off? What about my shirt?"
"On conditions." Her long game was being formulated as she spoke. "You MUST keep everything we do a secret from Brian, Heath, and Eric. If I find out, you blabbed, I'll make you leave. ALL OF YOU LEAVE."
"I... don't want to leave. I'll keep my mouth shut. I SWEAR."
"Do not make me regret this Cabot."
"NEVER. You are so beautiful Margo."
"Gorgeous."
"That too. Every inch of you. Even your personality."
"If you're nice I might massage you afterwards." She wiggles her brows.
"I'm going to cum hard if you do that."
"I never said I'd jerk you off."
"At least massage it then I'll take over."
"Agreed. Now get undressed and go nuke that oil again. Two minutes."
"Right!" He lifts up off of her as his sweats fall to his feet without support. Standing over her he removes his shirt and looks down at her entire body. "FUCK YOU'RE PERFECTION." His shirt flew over his head and arms long enough to pose like a Greek statue and laugh. She shared in his enthusiasm and handed the oil bottle up to him. A fast snatch and he was running up the stairs.
Laying there she kicks her feet about giggling, "OH MY GOD! Margo, you have lost your mind." Halting to nibble her fingernail she lets her mind wander, "I want that cock inside me, dare I let him? I wonder... can I seduce all four of them without letting any of them know until later? This could be so much fun. I could make all four of them be my personal playthings. I deserve this, don't I? I'm still in my sexual prime and I haven't had sex in so very long. Should I?"
Running the pros and cons back in forth until Cabot returns, she touches herself, fingering her pussy until the very last second before he made it downstairs. Right up until he stepped into view. Fingers wet she places her hands behind her head and looks up at him seductively.
"Cabot?"
"Yeah?"
"Do not miss a spot."
"That would mean... holes."
"Does it?" She fidgets her lips, "Do it delicately." Her former rules went out the door.
"Whoa!" He drops to his knees and decides on making a bold move and puts the bottle down beside his dick and points the squirt bottle at her before squeezing, firing shots over her belly and chest. Grunting along with it he chuckles, "Couldn't resist... NOT SORRY." She yelps at the flooding cascade of oil and laughs with him.
"What am I letting you do to me?"
"We don't have to."
"YES, YOU DO. RUB."
"Damn! So forceful. I like this part of you Mrs. Needy. Margo. Gorgeous."
"I'm getting impatient Mister Ross."
He grins like the Devil and leans forward between her legs. Letting his cock taunt her wet pussy as he massages her tits enthusiastically. "Can I speak freely?"
"Always. Except around your friends. Keep everything we talk about to ourselves."
"I've dreamed of this day."
"I know."
"Were you really turned-on riding in my lap?"
"Very turned on. You couldn't tell?" She shivers as her nipples are massaged between slippery fingers.
"Kinda. I wasn't positive."
"You didn't feel me gyrating slowly over that cock?"
"You did?" He looks shocked.
"Missed it? Really, Cabot? You should pay much better attention to me. Lots and lots of attention."
"From here on out I'll devote everything to you. Fuck these tits are awesome."
"A very expensive surgeon. He loved his work too. Before and months after." She giggles rubbing her toes along his legs. Darryl had made her fuck her surgeon as reward for a job well done.
"I can't believe this is happening."
"I'm a Cougar what can I say?"
"Did you... gyrate over Heath and Eric?" He studies her reaction. She winks at him playfully.
"You know I did."
"Are you going to let... the other guys do this to you?"
"I don't know. If you want the truth I haven't decided."
"Do you fantasize about us?"
"Yes."
"Fucking us?"
"You."
"Really?" He brightens up.
"I'm considering it the more you play with my nipples." She sighs. "The problem I foresee is you not following through in keeping our... secret."
"I swore I would. I'll act dumb."
"It must be more than that Cabot. You must keep them all from pushing me into things."
"So, you don't want to fuck the others?"
"I never said that. Just not anytime soon." Oh, how she was lying.
"I've been telling the guys to keep their flirting to a minimal."
"Tell me the truth Cabot. Did all of you want to move in here just to fuck me?"
"Not totally, but yeah. We like the place it's like living at a resort. Pool. Jacuzzi. Sauna. Gym. Heck, you should consider turning the place into a getaway like a bed and breakfast." His hands leave her tits finally and explore her tummy, toying with her belly button jewelry. His dick was moving slowly amid her warm wet labia to taunt her emotions.
"That feels really good Cabot." She exhales loudly with trembling features. "Your idea is intriguing. Maybe you boys could help me get such a venture off the ground. The problem is I don't have the money. I can't even afford to turn my air conditioning on."
"I'll pay the extra."
"Do you realize how astronomical the power would be if I turned the air on? This place is old and massive. I'd be paying a thousand a month to cool it. When winter hits we have no choice but to heat the place and pay it. If I don't have the money this winter, I might have to move until spring. Which means we all relocate. I don't want that."
His hands gloss her pubic region making his knuckles graze his crown in its gentle rising and falling. "Plenty of body heat with all of us here." He winks, "I wondered if you shaved down here. Peach fuzz is well groomed. Love it!"
"Darryl forbid me to have much hair down there. I have grown to prefer it. Sometimes I shave it all off, just not every time."
"Keep it that way. Silky smooth is awesome. I like this tiny little strip though. I find it sexy when girls wear narrow bikinis and have fuzz exposing over it."
"I intend to. I'll do both." His fingers find her clit and tenderly rubs it. Arching her back she whimpers, "Pay attention to that area Cabot."
"On it." He keeps playing but moves his dick away from her to stretch out on the rug between her legs. She knew where this was heading. "My hands are tired. You mind?" He chuckles.
"Starting my bed and breakfast already?"
"Quiet down landlady. I'm going in."
"Oh, don't expect silence." She tenses up hard the second his tongue licked her clitoris. "FUCK CABOT! That... that... oh my God. Don't stop." He didn't. He ate that pink pussy until she gushes all across his face. Blinded by her geyser he feasted even harder, fingers inserting deeper and moving in and out. She began squirming all over the rug. "DOOON'T STOP!"
"Beg for it." He lifts away long enough to challenge her.
"EAT THAT PUSSY! Make me scream bloody murder Cabot." Devouring her with both fingers and tongue inside her hole she quaked as if tossed around against her will. Orgasm forthcoming, she flooded his face a second time. That was enough scuba diving he thought. As she convulsed, he crawled to his knees while she lay there helplessly watching him. He began stroking his cock in front of her with a bit of arrogance in his sneer.
"Massaging me now?" He coaxed her.
"I... said I would. Lay here beside me, just let me catch my breath." He followed her orders and collapsed next to her and decided to play with her tits a bit more. Giving her the chills, she whimpers, "I've missed this attention."
"My gut says you're going to get lots of attention once we all move in here."
"Promise?" She smiles and rolls to her side to take control over his seven-inch python. Lightly stroking him she holds her head up with her right hand.
"Guarantee it. So, if I keep this our secret, you also want me to keep the others from misbehaving?"
"I want to tease all of you without each of you knowing that I'm intentionally doing it. Let them think they are first to play with me. You can claim bragging rights later down the road. Can you let me without ruining my fun?"
"I'll keep my word. I'll try and keep them at bay. Brian might be your only blabbermouth. I'd work on him last."
"He's moving in tomorrow, right?"
"Yep."
"I'll figure out how best to... okay I'll save him until last." Doubtful.
"So... you're taking on all of us one by one and expecting us all to keep our mouths shut about the other?"
"Hopefully. Don't you think it would be humorous to play along with each other, hiding their own conquests?"
"You do realize once everyone learns about each other, you're going to be raped to high heaven, right?"
Her eyes flare wildly at the thought of four men at once. "I... want that Cabot."
"Fuck this." He swats her hand aside and rolls over forcing her to her back. She squeals as he penetrates her pussy and burrows his girth deep inside her. Her hands palming his chest she gasps.
"FUCK ME, CABOT."
"Shut the fuck up and moan." He retaliates plunging in and out like a fierce warrior. She complimented his superiority with loud deafening erratic yelps and moans of delight. He was hitting her G-spot hard, and she was becoming quite pleased with it. His girth was spreading her lips wide and fulfilling her hunger for sex in unexplained ways. Five inches up for air, seven deeper than ever. Within his greedy clutches he lifts her legs high over his shoulders and thrusts straight down time after time after time. Her insanity begged for him to never stop. He was confident in his abilities now that he didn't need to act like a panty waste. No more Mister Nice Guy... Ross was the Boss.
"LOUDER MILF." He snarls into her face. Sure, enough Margo Needy screamed her fool head off, cumming nonstop as he stormed her cunt unforgivingly. Her face beet red from exhaustion she palms his face with an expression of yearn.
"CUM INSIDE ME CABOT."
"I was planning on that anyway." He snaps back slamming ten more times within her sloshy puss before grunting. In a lingering thrust his body locks up and the semen surges forth like gunfire. She clings to his neckline like she was fearful of him escaping her forever. Losing his strength to hold himself over her, he collapses into her arms and lays there inside her.
"Thank you, Cabot." She whispers into his ear exhales warmly swarming his neck and shoulder.
"I'm fucking you every day." He charms her with arrogant romance.
"We'll see. I do want more, even if it's not every day. Play the game with me... please." She coddles him to her bosom. Nodding he confirms her request.
"Might be funny to see those bastards squirm. When you do end up fucking them are you going to tell me? Seeing as they probably won't."
"I'm going to swear all of you to secrecy, if they follow your lead it's going to pay off once you all know the truth."
"I'm telling you Margo. Once you start this, there's no turning back. You don't know what the guys can do. Once they have a taste of this pussy, you're going to be walking funny for months."
"I'm certain you will save me." She kisses his forehead.
"Fuck that. I want to make you walk funny."
"Well... then at least carry me to bed every night." She giggles.
"Maybe. Might make you crawl upstairs so I can play with that pussy from behind."
"Mmmm! Please do. That sounds fun. Darryl used to torment me in such a manner."
"Wanna go another round then help me bring my things in?"
"Possibly our last night alone? Let's bring things inside then shower together. You can make love to me later tonight. My muscle relaxers are hitting me hard."
"I don't care if you fall asleep, I'm still fucking you."
"Mmmm! I loved it when you shot your load into me, it was so powerful."
"I fucked Elliot's mommy." He brags.
"Never tell him the truth. He would be crushed."
"I doubt that." He chuckles, "He's bragged about seeing you play with yourself."
"What?" She turns a bit, startled by this revelation.
"He said you're not his biological mom, so he had fantasies about you."
"Elliot would never..." She turns pale, "Why are you telling me this?"
"Because you know you have that effect on guys. Even him."
"Stop it Cabot." She pouts.
"I'm not making that up. He adores you Margo, but he's just as horny as we are. As far as I know, he's never had a woman, unless you count that blow up doll. He's spied on you lots of times."
"Oh, my God." She frets fanning herself.
"Naaa! Let's not wait until later." He rolls back over and digs his crown amid her drenched recesses and plunges deep again. She shed a tear at his ratting out of her son. Surely, he was making that up. Wasn't he? As he hit her seduction spots hard, she lets her mind wander. Picturing her son watching her masturbate. Hearing her moan. Possibly jerking off to her. It made her sad. She loved Elliot with every ounce of her being. How could he? Now that video she accidentally sent him made sense. He laughed it off and wasn't upset in the least. It was true. It had to be. For some crazy reason it turned her on even more.
"OOOOOOHHHH, MY GOOOOOOOOOOOD!" Margo Needy had a deeper more satisfying orgasm than she had ever experienced. Gusher after gusher drowned his genitals. He continued without concern and pounded that pussy as if barbaric. Again. Again. Again. She literally blacked out while he kept fucking. Recognition. Blackness. Daylight. Darkness. She finally revived alone on her rug with cum all over her face.
"Cabot?"
She heard footsteps on the floor above. How long had she been out? Sitting up held by her hands on the rug, she looks around her family room. Locating her bikini, she covers herself up while looking at the fireplace mantle. On it sat her husband Darryl's ashes in an urn, beside a family portrait.
"What have I done?"
It was more like what was she going to do.
Margo had to lower the picture frame to hide her husband and Elliot. Shame was setting in. Still, her thoughts were on her new tenants. This was just her first move. Three more to go. She would do her very best to put on her game face so that each of them would feel like they were conquering her first. If none of them revealed the truth...?
"I love being called a MILF." In her current thought she told herself it meant Men I Love Fucking.
She and Cabot still showered together. He even showed her the video that Brian took of her the day Elliot was still at home. The so-called porn they were caught watching. She laughed about it and said, "I KNEW IT."
Yes, she did.