Diane was in danger of letting herself go to wrack and ruin. Although still pretty at 68 she had put on at least two stones in the last few years since her husband died. And although she was ashamed to admit it, she missed his loving tender care in more ways than one. Yes, her fingers and vibrator gave her occasional orgasms but it was not the same as being enjoyed by and giving enjoyment to a man. To be honest, she was lonely.
One day in the supermarket, she looked at the noticeboard and saw a leaflet advertising the local council's new combating loneliness campaign. It said that people like her could arrange for a person to call around once a week for a friendly chat, a cup of tea, etc. That could be just what I need, she thought, not for one second, thinking it could replace her vibrator and fingers.
She rang the number on the leaflet and arranged for the volunteering coordinator to visit her the following week. Diane was surprised that the young lady was so caring asking her all sorts of questions about hobbies, interests, etc. One question Diane found interesting was did she know how to use the internet? Well, that had never crossed her mind, but the young lady said it would make her life a lot more interesting with things like chat rooms, special interest forums, etc. They agreed that to get the ball rolling, a volunteer 'friend', would call around the following day.
Opening the door, she was surprised to find a smartly dressed young man holding out his hand and introducing himself as Phillip. Taking him through to her lounge, she was nervous but introduced herself and then went to make a cup of coffee for them both. Phillip was used to this initial reaction and when Diane returned with coffee and biscuits, he soon put her at ease. Within five minutes she told him that she was looking forward to his company and learning about the internet. Phillip explained that he would outline what a computer was, how it worked, and what the internet was intended for.
Diane's head was so crammed with information after an hour, that she asked if they could stop and just have a nice chat. She found out that Phillip was 28 and worked as an IT manager at a local timber merchant. Also, when she asked why a young man like him would want to meet lonely old people like her he said something that surprised her.
"Diane, I prefer the company of elderly people, they have more life experiences, are far more understanding and I like helping them fulfil their needs in all sorts of ways."
What did that mean exactly? She thought it strange for a young person to say that. So, she asked him to elaborate. She could see that he was blushing and told him not to be shy.
"Well, and this is difficult to explain, Diane, some of my elderly clients ask me to help them with their care, some ask for a massage, and some just like me to tell them risqué jokes. You know, stuff out of the ordinary not just chitchat."
She told him that there was nothing to be ashamed of, in fact, it was very considerate of him. Before he left, Phillip rang BT on her behalf and ordered an internet connection. They also, agreed that she would buy a cheap laptop when they met next week in the local shopping centre.
Phillip came around at his usual time to start Diane's first lesson. Before he arrived, she decided to see how far Phillip would go to fulfilling her desires. More in hope than anticipation she, dressed in a low-cut dress to highlight her wrinkled titties' cleavage and no knickers to discreetly show him her full bushed fanny. She was getting quite wet thinking about it.
After setting up the laptop in the kitchen Diane made sure she was sitting very close next to him. After going through the basics, she asked Phillip what he thought of old women who posed nude on the internet.
"Well, it can be demeaning or life-enhancing," he replied, gulping.
"Well, what do you mean by that?"
"Today, young people can do what they like, but in your younger days, you were restricted by social taboos. But for me, I find older ladies such as yourself are more attractive and sensuous than a lot of young girls which is why I am very strongly attracted to them. For example, by the way, you are showing off your bust, you must enjoy people like me looking at it".
"Now that you mention it, Phillip, I do. Putting her hand on his thigh, she added, "It's been a long time since someone has taken an interest in me." She then slowly moved her hand to his crutch and whispered "Phillip, are my old wrinkly titties getting you excited?"
He leaned over and to her surprise, kissed her forcing his tongue into her mouth, and at the same time started gently kneading her tits.
"Phillip, stop, you'll give me a heart attack."
"I'm sorry Diane, but you got me so worked up, I was desperate. I do like you, you're so sexy and everything."
"Phillip, please don't take this the wrong way, but I too have been lonely for a long time and, to be honest, I set this up to see if you liked me in that way. And I am very happy you do. Now, why don't you take off your trousers and pants and let me give you a nice quick wank." Holding his impressive pre-cum soaked thick cock standing to attention she quickly wanked him off and was pleased to see lots of thick spunk shoot up.
"Now, as I have relieved you I want us to have a nice intimate chat. As you can see, I am a lady of the world and we will get along a lot better by being straightforward with each other, and to add to my enjoyment we will use naughty and dirty words, ok?"
"That's fine with me", he agreed.
"At what age were you when you had this urge to fuck old ladies? What was the initial attraction?".
"Well, Diane, I suppose it started when visiting my grandparents every week. My Gran, who I thought was ancient but found out later she was only 65 was always very loving. She was a typical flabby-bellied granny -- big droopy tits and arse -- and every time she saw me held me close and kissed me, sometimes with her tongue in my mouth which got my cock hard.
Grampa never took any interest and often went up to the pub when I visited. Well, as the weeks progressed when Gran embraced me she always ground her crutch into my hard dick. Of course, I had to go to the toilet to have a quick wank to relieve myself every time. But as the weeks progressed Gran started to ask me to do things like rub her feet and in doing so ensured that I had a good view of her very hairy cunt. She would say things like, "There's a nice boy."
And once it started, she began to open her fat thighs further to ensure I got a rampant hard-on. She got a kick out of it and said things like "You're not embarrassed, are you? It's quite normal for a man your age. If you didn't get an erection there might a problem".
"It got to the stage she ordered me to stand up, took my cock out, leaned forward, and gave me a fantastic blow job and at the same time sticking her finger up my arse. Of course, it didn't take me long to shoot wads of spunk down her throat which she greedily swallowed."
Diane's cunt was by now getting wet listening to that but held herself in check wanting to hear more of his granny fetish.
"Did you fuck her, Philip?"
"Virtually every visit, but she took it upon herself to teach me the other pleasures she enjoyed such as me fisting her, fucking her fat arse, pissing on her cunt when she sat on the toilet, etc."
Of course, after about six months my infatuation and lust began to tail off and I cut my visits to about every three months but I was hooked. One day, Granny asked if I would 'play' with a friend of hers who was lonely. I reluctantly agreed but asked what she meant by play.
"Oh Edith, is a bit younger than me, but she likes to role-play sex situations but her husband is getting fed up with it. So, I thought you could learn something from her."
"It turned out that Edith was in her late fifties and quite attractive. She got her rocks off by pretending to be a young girl who liked showing off her body and teasing. Well, that was interesting. Can you imagine a fifty-year-old woman, who likes dressing up in a schoolgirl outfit wearing a skirt that barely covered her fat hairy cunt and arse, and a tight blouse trying to hold 34 DD titties? I soon lost interest in her."
"I was always trying to get a relationship with girls my age, but they in the main were hopeless sexually. It was always old ladies who appreciated my loving and sometimes kinky ways."
"Enough about me Diane, you are a very lovely fucking lady, what turns you on?"
"Well, Phillip, I enjoy what I call romantic sex. You know very heavy petting - kissing passionately, fondling and fingering, then maybe licking and sucking, and then finish with gloriously long slow fuck."
"Anything else? What about me fucking your shit hole and playing with your clit? We could give that a go."
"Yes, maybe. Another thing that makes me horny is flashing my hairy cunt in public. Maybe you could help me with that. Oh yes one other kink, is that I like to take a discreet piss in public.". Then, undoing the front buttons of her dress, she said "Talking of cunts, I have never trimmed my fanny, feel it"
Phillip was gobsmacked because usually old ladies' cunt hair got thinner, but she was extremely thick and very soft. Brushing it with his fingers from just below her belly button to her groin, Diane happily opened her fat thighs for him to investigate further. He asked her to sit a bit forward so her could also put his fingers up around her shithole. She was a lovely hairy bitch, he thought.
By now of course he was hard again and as he fingered her fat vulva and clit to a climax, she again helped him shoot three to four gobs of creamy spunk over her knees.
Over the weeks, Diane and Phillip enjoyed their passionate fuck sessions but she wanted to get more adventurous. One afternoon she asked him if he would take her out for a flashing and piss session. Philip was dubious and hesitant about being caught but Diane assured him that she and her husband had done it hundreds of times without mishap.
She told him that garden centres were good places as they had cafes with outdoor areas and from her experience had a lot of randy seniors who would not complain because they enjoyed just looking at what she was showing and doing with her cunt. So, the next warm day, wearing a light coat and just a simple button-down lightweight dress and no knickers or tights, she directed him 10 miles to Appleview garden centre. Philip thought it a bit strange that she drank what must have been at least a litre of water during the journey. Asking her why she said it was to water the flowers afterward.
They went straight to the café and she chose a table opposite four old guys. After bringing out the coffee, she told me to sit opposite her but just to one side. Sipping her coffee and talking to me, she undid her coat and the bottom three buttons of her dress and it gradually opened to her fat thighs enough to show off her glorious cunny.
"Oh Phillip, one guy just can't take his eyes away. I am sure he is getting a hard-on. Now the other three are just staring at it. Be a love and bring your chair to my side and put your fingers up me to give them a show." Well, not only were the old boys hard but I was too. She was so brazen now with thighs wide open and my fingers wanking her off.
It must have only been a few minutes but as she calmed down and closed her legs, one of the old guys came over with a massive smile on his face and said that it was the best view he had seen in years and would she be willing to give them a private performance one day. "No pressure, here is my card. Give me a call if you would like us to call round."
That gave her a thrill and she said that she would consider it. After our second coffee, Diane said that she wanted to water the flowers. As we gently strolled to the furthest part of the centre, she started to relieve herself. I could hear a strong gushing sound as she pissed and let it run down her legs leaving a small river on the pathway.
"Phillip, what do you think that guy meant by a private show -- a gang bang or just to watch and wank."
"Well, Diane, you won't know until you ask him, will you?"
Phillip liked his old lady friends, as they were always willing to try new things. One of his favourites was fingering and fucking their old shit holes. Up till now, Diane had been hesitant but as he had helped her in so many ways, she agreed to try it.
Now, he had often found that whilst old ladies' cunts might be a bit sloppy, their shit holes were generally lovely and tight as a lot of them have never had anal sex which was the case with Diane. And the bonus was that her arsehole was hairy.
She agreed that as she liked to take things nice and slow, Philip would give her a full body massage but knowing her likeness for squirting he told her to put a plastic cover under the bedsheet. The following week he took a freshly showered Diane up to her bedroom and told her to lie face down on the bed. Looking at her lovely fat dimpled thighs and hairy shithole got him in the right mood.
"Now you will be gentle with me, won't you", she said.
"All you will feel is pleasure", he assured her. Stripping off and rubbing coconut oil all over his throbbing cock, he started massaging her legs and thighs, quickly moving to rub her fat arse getting well into the crack. First, he gently inserted his forefinger in and began finger fucking her.
"Oh, that's nice, Phillip", and in saying that, she pulled up her knees giving him better access. With two fingers in, she started gasping hard. "Oh boy, if I had known it was this good, I would have done it years ago."
She tensed up and her ass muscles clenched around his cock, but then all of a sudden, she relaxed her muscles and his cock completely disappeared up her arse. It was then she said, "I can't believe I am 68 and never had a cock in my ass, I am fucking loving it".
As I continued pumping, I put my fingers over her clit and gently rubbed.
"Phillip, fuck me, I am going to cum and I want you to shoot all your spunk juice right up my shit hole, right now."