The game got much more interesting when Bob's wife showed up!
(This is the fourth story that I have written so far about my wife Candy as she slowly transforms from my prim and proper church going housewife to submissive exhibitionist. We both enjoy reading all of your nice comments and hope that you will enjoy this next installment.)
I had just gotten the table set up and the chairs in place when the front doorbell rang. I dashed up the stairs and opened the door to find my old friend Xavier with a bag under each arm. Our much anticipated poker game was on it's way to becoming a reality. I grabbed one of the bags and shook his hand.
"Xavier my old friend! How have you been?" I said as I closed the door behind him. The bag that I carried in was for beer and the other was for munchies for a long night of card playing.
"I'm doing just fine Bob. I'm not training any girls this week so this is a welcome break for me."
Break? All I can say is that if I had a job like his I would never take a break. Xavier is better known worldwide as Master X. He is one of the premier sex slave trainers around. Husbands from around the globe bring their wives to his estate in the country to have them transformed as mine will be someday. He also has an office in my building on Madison Avenue in New York where we frequently get together and tell each other stories over lunch. (Master X was first introduced to readers in the story "Awakening of Fannie Ch. 10")
We were just getting settled when the doorbell rang again. This time it was two young football players that were trying to make it in the pros. I am a talent agent and have quite a few athletes as clients.
"Hi Brad. Hi Ethan. So glad you guys could make it." I said as I shook their hands and led them down the stairs. Brad was a top flight quarterback that wasn't drafted by a pro team but has loads of potential. Ethan is a wide receiver with great speed and is now a free agent looking for the best contract. I invited them as a good will gesture trying to get them to sign-up with me for the future.
The poker table is one of those that can be set up when needed and is placed in the center of the room in my lower level. This is my favorite room in the house as it has a bar and huge entertainment center. I spend most of my time there needless to say.
Once we got our drinks ready we completed our introductions and small talk and sat down for some serious card playing. The stakes were moderate as we used a ten dollar ante and bids went up by five.
"So when do we meet the little lady Bob?" Asked Xavier as he glanced around the room.
"Oh she's at a church bake sale. She is always doing something like that with the women."
"Church bake sale huh? Sounds like a real hellion you have there. Better keep an eye on her!" Everybody cracked up laughing at that one. I just smiled and looked at my cards.
After a couple of hours had passed I heard the front door close.
"We're down here Honey!" I said loudly. We had been watching a football game as background and I wanted her to be able to hear me.
She came down the stairs carrying a plate of cookies and with a big smile walked up to the table and placed them down.
"I didn't know if you fellows would be needing a snack by now so I bought some cookies from Edna. She makes the best Toll House cookies!" She picked one up from the plate and took a bite.
"Honey, this is Brad, that's Ethan, and this is Xavier from my office building. This is my wife, Candy."
They all gave her a polite hand shake and smile before helping themselves to a cookie. Candy was dressed.....well, like you would expect an upper middle class woman to dress to a church bake sale. Her hair was up. She was wearing her driving glasses and she wore a loose sweatshirt and jeans.
"Do you want to join us?" I asked.
"Oh let me go clean up a bit and maybe I'll come play a few hands before it gets too late." With that she twirled around and headed out of sight.
"She seems like a nice girl Bob. I'm sure you two are very happy." Xavier said with a smile.
"Couldn't be happier, my friend. Couldn't be happier." I went back to looking at my cards.
As we played it started to go through my head what Xavier said and I thought to myself that maybe I should just show them how happy I really was.
Excusing myself I went upstairs and heard the shower running. I went into the bathroom to find that Candy had set her clothes out on the vanity. They consisted of another pair of jeans, a pullover sweatshirt, bra, and panties. I thought for a moment before picking them up and taking them to the bedroom. I searched her drawers and found just what I was looking for before returning to the bathroom and placing it on the vanity instead. Then I opened the medicine cabinet and took out the shave cream and a razor and placed them on the vanity also.
"I picked out something different for you to wear. Come down when you're ready." I said through the shower door.
"What?" I heard her say as I stepped out of the bathroom and closed the door behind me.
I rejoined the guys at the card table just in time for the next deal. So far I was holding my own pretty much but Xavier was doing much better. He had a nice stack of chips in front of himself and being the competitive person that he is he craves victory.
We played a few more rounds and had another beer when I began to wonder whether Candy will follow through with my wishes or not. The guys were all talking as Brad shuffled the deck when suddenly I caught something out of the corner of my eye in the doorway. I was the only one facing that direction and nobody else had noticed. Finally I saw Candy peeking around the corner.
"Oh hi Honey. Come on in and join us!" I shouted to her.
Candy very slowly came around the corner and stood just inside of the doorway. Her head was down and she looked straight at the floor to avoid eye contact. The guys were still talking as they turned to see when suddenly one by one they stopped and the room fell silent.
There was my conservative church going wife, who up until now could have been mistaken for a librarian, wearing nothing but a pink semi sheer silk chiffon sleep shirt! It had long sleeves, a button front (it was designed to be open from the collar to about halfway down her breasts), and best of all it barely made it past her crotch! She wore this once just for me on Valentines Day and never expected anyone else to ever see her in it.
She just stood there waiting for my instructions. The looks on my poker buddy's faces were priceless! No one could speak.
"Why don't you come on over and play a few hands with us? Wouldn't you like that guys?" They all nodded their heads yes.
Candy slowly made her way toward the table. As she walked her unconfined boobs swayed from side to side. The shirt did little to hide her assets as the soft silk wrapped each of her tits individually. Her nipples stood out prominently and were well defined in the smooth fabric. The lack of buttons at the top allowed her ample cleavage to show and you could see her tits quiver with each slow step that she took.
If this is the first time reading about my wife than now would be a good time to describe her. Candy is 5'2" tall 130 pounds and measures and amazing 38DD-26-38. She has more curves than a woman has a right to and to say that she is "built like a brick shit house" would be an understatement.
She approached the table and stopped, still looking at the floor. I couldn't believe that she actually wore this and I think it a safe bet that the others in the room felt the same way. Brad was at eye level with her tits and staring when I broke the silence by clearing my throat.
"Brad, would you like to get the lady a chair?"
He broke from his trance.
"Oh yeah. I mean sure thing."
He jumped up and grabbed an extra chair and placed it between he and I. Candy sat demurely not allowing anyone to see above the high hemline of her shirt. She sat with her legs tight together as I helped her move her seat in.
Everyone had a broad smile on their face except Candy. You could easily see that she was embarrassed knowing that she was exposing herself to these strangers.
"OK we're playing stud poker and the deal is to Ethan. Honey I'll share some of my chips with you and we can get started OK?" I slid a small pile of chips in front of her and she nodded.
It took a few games for her to loosen up a little and start talking. Everyone wanted to strike up a conversation with her and I think that it got her mind off of her situation. I had forgotten that the football game was still going on but it was turning into a blowout so I took the remote and clicked off the TV.
"Anybody ready for another beer?" I asked. They all said yes and I stood up to get them. "Candy Hon, why don't you go and put something on the stereo while there's a break in the action."
I headed for the fridge and I turned back just in time to watch as Candy was walking over to the stereo cabinet. She opened the two glass doors to the cabinet and we were all treated to a lovely site as my naive wife bent at the waist to adjust the stereo without realizing that the short shirt raised up above her ass exposing her whole panty-less bottom. With her feet parted slightly I could easily make out the lips of her pussy and I could see that she followed my instructions to the letter and shaved her snatch. What a fantastic sight! The younger guys were groaning and holding their crotches as Xavier and I just gave each other a wink.
With the music playing Candy stood up and turned toward us catching us looking. Realizing what she had just done she turned beet red and tried to pull the hem back down. It was too late. Her secret was out and now we all knew that she was going to be sitting with us practically naked.
As before she lowered her head while joining us at the table. We played a few more hands as everyone was pretty much watching my wife. She caught Ethan staring at her tits from across the table and when she made eye contact he just smiled. Her nipples became visibly erect and stood straight out like pencil erasers. They remained like that for quite a while making me think that this was all finally getting to her.
I went on a long losing streak as did my wife and during the next game I felt that I finally had the hand to beat. As I was out of chips I asked Xavier to loan me some of his until the game was over. I kept upping the bid as did Xavier. Candy was tapped out and it was just the two of us remaining. To make a long story short, I lost. Xavier was the big winner and exulted in the fact that I was beaten. The night wasn't over yet and I had an idea.
"Looks like you got me again. I'm going upstairs to get some cash." Then turning toward Candy I continued. "Can I see you upstairs for a minute?"
I stepped aside to allow my wife to get up from her seat and then followed her up the stairs. As she headed up her bare bottom was in plain view under her short top. I led her into the bedroom and closed the door behind us.
Taking her into my arms I kissed her passionately and she responded in kind. My hand slid down her back and I kneaded her ass with my fingers as she pressed her crotch against mine. Next I slipped her top up over her head and admired the view as my wife stood passively waiting for my next move.
Turning her around I opened the drawer of my night stand. I keep all of our sex paraphernalia there so that it is nearby when we're ready. I removed a blindfold and placed it over her eyes as I fastened the Velcro behind her head. She made no motion to resist. I then took out a ball gag and when she felt it touching her lips she opened her mouth to take it in. I then sat her on the bed and laid her down.
I keep several different length straps handy and tied her hands to the corners above her head. Next I placed a sling behind her head. The Velcro straps run under her knees pulling them up toward her chest and while opening her up for easy access to her pussy and asshole. Her cunt was inviting and judging by the amount of juice flowing out I could tell that she wanted to be fucked immediately. I wasn't done teasing her yet and had a better idea.
I looked down at my wife in her most vulnerable state and quietly backed out of the room while dimming the light as I went. She was now alone on the bed in a soft glow as I pulled the door but left it open just an few inches and softly walked back down the hall.
When I got downstairs I could see the guys looking behind me to see if Candy was following me back to the table. I'm sure that she was the topic of conversation while we were gone. Turning toward Xavier I leaned in to speak.
"I left your payment upstairs if you don't mind going up to get it. Last door on the right. I left it on the bed. You can't miss it." I said with a wink.
At first he looked at me confused before he realized that Candy wasn't coming behind me and it clicked. A broad smile came upon his face as he excused himself and headed upstairs.
Part 2
As a treat I will let Candy tell you what happened next in her own words as I couldn't be there to witness it.
"When Bob blindfolded me that night I was all ready for him to fuck me. I don't know what came over me but for some reason being told to expose myself to strangers had a very arousing effect on me that I couldn't control. Truth be known as much as I act like a prude in public when Bob makes me do dirty things I have a hard time controlling my emotions. I would sometimes think about what I would do if he told me to show myself without warning in a public setting. Once while shopping alone this fantasy came into my head and I went into the changing room and masturbated. With only a loose curtain separating me from others walking by looking for a free stall I spread my legs and rubbed my pussy hard not knowing when someone might open the curtain and see me. I came so hard that people must have wondered what the noise was!"
"Now, as for the poker party, I was lying on my back with my legs spread open waiting for my husband to mount me and make me cum. It seemed like it was taking forever. I thought that maybe he went down to send his friends home so that we could have some private time but nothing could be further from the truth. As I laid there I wondered just what would happen if one of his buddies had come up to use the bathroom and saw me. That got me even hotter as I knew what I must have looked like with my legs in the air."
"I thought that I heard a faint creaking of the bedroom door and stopped breathing so that I could hear if someone was coming. Suddenly I felt a hand on my thigh and froze! I figured that it was Bob and I was about to get what I needed. Lord knows that I was ready for it!"
"The hand softly made it's way up my thigh toward my pussy. I could feel someone climb onto the bed and before I knew it I felt a warm tongue lapping at my inner thigh toward my hot hole. When he got to my pussy he teased it by flicking his tongue over it several times. This was driving me crazy as it was so soft that it tickled me. I thought that if this were Bob he must have learned a new technique as he is more aggressive whenever he eats my pussy."
"The licks continued and I couldn't help but to wiggle my pelvis around trying to get more action. This went on until I was at the brink and he knew it a he drove his tongue in hard. I arched my ass up toward his mouth as I had my first orgasm. Planting his mouth square on my hole he sucked on my cunt as I came."
"My God! That was the best that anyone has ever licked my pussy up to that point and all I could think about was that I needed more. I arched my pelvis higher to open myself up waiting for something to fill my dripping hole. I felt my reward rubbing up and down the length of my crack as he lubricated it's head. Stopping at the entrance to my inviting hole I could feel his hard cock as it began to slide in. It felt so good!"
"What was a mystery a moment ago was no longer. This wasn't Bob's cock inside of me. It was much too thick. Too long as it entered me deeper and deeper. As nice as Bob's cock is this was even nicer. It stretched my hole and filled it to capacity. I moaned with pleasure as my mystery man started to work up a slow smooth rhythm. I could tell that he really knew what he was doing as it felt as though his beautiful hard cock seemed to touch every nerve ending inside of me."
"Harder and faster now he picked up the pace. He began to pound me with his meat and all I could do is scream into my ball gag. Harder and harder. Deeper and deeper! My mind was spinning as I felt him give it one more strong push as he shot his hot semen deep into my womb. His hot cum shot into me in bursts and I couldn't hold back any longer."
"My orgasm was earth shattering as my body began to spasm and jerk about. I was screaming so loudly into my gag that he had to hold his hand over my mouth to keep me from being heard by the neighbors. Once I calmed down he removed his hand slowly and backed off. My sloppy cunt felt empty as his cock slipped out. I felt the bed move and I could tell that he was leaving me but I didn't want him to go. I moaned pleading with him to stay but I could tell that he was gone as silently as when he arrived."
"I felt my body squirm on the bed as it needed more. I didn't know what was happening to me. One day I'm the role model of all that is sweet and innocent and the next day all I want is to be treated like a whore!"
Part 3
Xavier came down around the corner and as he did he was pulling up his fly. I was the only one facing his direction and luckily nobody else caught it. I'm not quite sure what the other guys were thinking about his disappearance as it seemed to coincide with that of my wife but we had played a few hands in the meantime and my guess was that he had been gone about half hour.
He smiled and gave me a wink as he sat down. I could tell that my wife had been well fucked as Xavier is a true cocks-man. He has had more experience with women than I could ever dream of having and as a sex slave trainer I know that he gets checked regularly for STD's so I was sure that he is safe. God knows that he has done me enough favors with the trainees in his office that this is the least that I could do for him. And Candy too!
Xavier looked at the new stack of chips on the table in front of me.
"Looks like you've had a run of good luck since I've been away." He said.
"I'm not the only one here that's gotten lucky tonight!" I chuckled.
"Hey Bob, what ever happened to Candy? Did she go to bed already?" Asked Brad.
"I think that she got herself tied up with something. I'll go see if I can get her free and bring her back down." I couldn't keep from laughing as I said it. The smile on my face turned into a wide grin as I headed up the stairs to find my loving wife.
As I came down the hallway I found the door still ajar as I left it and a dim glow coming from the bedroom. I quietly pushed the door open to find my wife still bound on the bed. She was writhing and I could hear a faint moan coming through the gag. I knew my wife well and could tell right away that it wasn't a moan from pain but one of pleasure. Her ass raised up causing Xavier's semen to pool at her still open tunnel. I sat at the side of the bed and bent to whisper to her.
"Are you alright Honey?" She nodded and gave me another sexy moan. "Would you like to continue?"
She did not answer but her body movements couldn't hide her inner feelings. I went into the bathroom and grabbed a towel to wipe some of the spunk from her wide open cunt. Tossing it aside I then removed her restraints while leaving the gag and blindfold intact. I then helped her to her feet. I gave her a couple of minutes to stretch her legs after being in such an uncomfortable position for such a long time. As she loosened up I went back into my nightstand and retrieved a pair of wrist cuffs. Taking her arms behind her back I secured them and went back in for the final item which was a leather collar and leash. I placed it on her neck and gave the leash a couple of quick tugs so that she would be aware of what was to come next.
"I'm going to remove your blindfold so that you won't be able to hide your face as they look at how much of a slut my pretty wife has become right before their eyes."
I led her down the hallway as I tugged on the leash. Walking quickly she nearly stumbled as we headed down the stairs. I stepped through the doorway leaving her just out of sight.
"I found her guys but I'm not going to let her get away this time!"
I tugged again on the leash and she stepped around the corner.
"Holy shit! Will you look at that." Brad said as they all turned to see.
All of their eyes practically fell out of their heads as they saw my sweet wife with her hands bound behind her, ball gag in her drooling mouth, and being pulled along on a leash.
"Here you go boys. What do you think?" I had her stand right up to the table where they could all get a good look.
"Jeez man! That ain't the same woman that came home from church and gave us all cookies is it? What she got running down her leg?" Ethan asked as they all leaned forward to take a closer look.
It was quite obvious that Xavier's semen was now flowing freely from her still gaping hole. Cum ran down her inner thighs and glistened in the light. Candy stood totally humiliated as the men examined her body. It was a great turn on for me to show her off in such a demeaning and slutty way. She later told me that even though she was embarrassed beyond belief that she nearly came right then and there.
I made her stand there for us as we continued our game. Being the young studs that they were Brad and Ethan barely kept their eyes off of her as they played. They were continually making lewd comments towards her which increased her embarrassment.
Knowing full well that they would have fucked her in a heartbeat I decided to end it in a most disgraceful way. I had my dear wife kneel in the center of the room and told the boys that if they wished that they could jerk off and cum on her face. They jumped at the opportunity and had their cocks in their hands in seconds. Candy had to watch as they worked their virile cocks only inches from her face. She saw their balls swinging as they beat off as hard as they could until finally they exploded and shot their hot loads on her. She closed her eyes just in time to keep from getting some inside.
When they finished they zipped up and we all inspected their handiwork. Her face was covered in hot jizz. It clung to her nose and dripped from her chin. I had her stay there as I walked our guests to the door. They all commented on having such a good time and hoped to do it again.
When I returned downstairs Candy was as I left her. I had her stand as I removed the cuffs from her hands and her ball gag. She made no motion to leave or to wipe away any of the cum from her face. She now was totally submissive to me and we both knew that our lives would be changed forever.
We hope that you enjoyed the accounts as they happened a few years ago. Things have really ramped up with us since then and Candy wants me to tell you about them. She also loves all of the comments and emails that you send and loves to read them especially when she comes home from church on Sundays. Says they make her feel dirty.
Until next time!
Love,
Candy and Bob