After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Monday morning, Emily's heart started pounding after her Vidlink warbled and the General's face appeared on the wall.
"7GQA9E, I hear good things about you. May we meet this morning to discuss matters further?" he asked.
"Of course, General. What time shall we say?" Emily responded.
"Can you be ready in one hour? I will send my driver to collect you."
Emily had barely finished breakfast and had not yet showered or shaved.
"I shall do my best, General," she replied, hoping she could be ready in time. An hour would normally be ample time but today she wanted to make sure she looked extra special, so she took a little longer than expected and found the General's car already waiting at the front door as she emerged.
She was more than a little nervous as she rode along in the car. She knew the first thing the General would ask for would be a blowjob, and she would need to impress him if she was to get her old job back. She tried to calm herself in the knowledge that she was giving the gift now, so she had nothing to worry about. The thought of working with Madison again put a smile on her face and made her look ahead as well. Still, it was difficult to calm her nerves.
"'Present', 7GQA9E," was the first thing he said as she stood in front of him at his desk, just as she expected. "Very good. Now 'Sit'."
Emily immediately smiled and got into the position, reminding herself once again that she was 'giving the gift'.
"Exceptional!" the General praised. "Now 'Kneel' and 'Open'."
Her heart started beating faster as he presented his penis and she eagerly took it into her mouth, feeling it harden as he became more and more aroused. She thought about what she looked like kneeling naked in front of him, and it excited her. She took him down deep into her throat before pulling away and using her tongue around the tip. He was unable to contain a grunt at that, which pleased her. Then she sensed he was ready. She commenced allowing him deep into her, rhythmically pushing in and out, increasing her speed as she felt his orgasm approaching. At last, he came, and she swallowed deeply, allowing the action to increase his pleasure in the final moment.
The General staggered backwards, collapsing into one of the chairs behind him, still with his penis hanging out of his trousers.
"Oh, my goodness! I had hoped to see the old 7GQA9E back again but that was above and beyond! I have never received oral coupling as fine as that!"
"Thank you, General," Emily replied, smiling widely. "You are very kind."
"I will need a moment to catch my breath, 7GQA9E. Please assume a comfortable position."
Emily stood back up in the 'Present' position while he gathered his senses. His eyes were still wide as he took in her naked beauty.
"I have a position for you," he announced as he was at last able to stand and move around to his chair on the other side of the desk. "I would like you to join Captain Collingwood's team. How does that sound to you?"
Well, they were her team rather than Collingwood's now that she was technically a guest rather than a permanent resident here, but she figured it best not to push that issue with the General just yet. Baby steps. The opportunity to work with Collingwood would mean she could play a more direct role in the issue of going home again. Still, she had mixed feelings about leaving. She had made her peace with her life here now, but perhaps she had merely accepted it because she had lost hope that going home again would ever actually be an option? Being clothed again would feel like she was being rescued from this, but did she even want to be rescued now? Did not wanting to be rescued while still hoping for it mean that she liked how she was living, but was disgusted with herself for liking it, so she needed the choice made for her? Like a slut intervention to snap her out of it? She also knew that she would miss Madison terribly, but she also sensed that she felt some regret which went beyond how she felt about Madison. Just what was that?
Wait, Madison! She's the whole reason I persevered with the Master's training to get back here, and this new position means that we'll be apart!
"Thank you, sir," Emily responded. "But I wonder if perhaps 4D9Y2Y could be assigned to the team as well?"
"Um… I am not so sure that would be viable," the General replied. "May I ask why?"
"As I'm sure you're aware, sir, she also comes from another world and may have valuable input for the work being done."
"Ahh yes, I see. She has been with us so long I had almost forgotten her origins," the General responded. "Consider it done. I am sure we can find a replacement to fill her shoes at her current posting."
"Thank you, sir," Emily replied with relief.
"Will that be all?" the General asked.
"Yes, sir. Thank you, sir."
"Very well. Please report to Captain Collingwood on the double. I will have 4D9Y2Y reassigned within the hour."
When she arrived at the lab, Collingwood appeared to be running late or elsewhere, but she could see the other crew members were present, as well as several other faces she didn't recognise. Jenkins spotted her and immediately rose to greet her. He looked nervous.
"Captain, um… please accept my sincerest apologies on behalf of the team for our um… disgraceful behaviour at the pub on Friday," he began, his face turning a rather bright shade of red, much to Emily's amusement. "I'll understand if you wish to press charges."
"And what behaviour was that, Jenkins?" she asked.
"Um… you know. Um… the sex and stuff," Jenkins replied.
"The sex wasn't the problem, Jenkins. It was my pleasure to give it. The problem was your lack of gratitude, or any sort of manners," Emily scolded.
"Um… yes of course, Captain. I'd like to blame the drink, but I understand if you will be taking it further," he responded.
"There won't be any charges, Jenkins," Emily assured him. "But next time I will expect far more gentlemanly behaviour."
"Next time, ma'am? I'm not sure what I'm going to tell my wife as it is."
"You won't be telling your wife anything, Jenkins," Emily asserted. "What happened between us wasn't intimate by any stretch of the imagination. It was completely impersonal. You haven't betrayed her. Now sure, if we were to repeat the experience back on our Earth, it would be betraying her, but this place doesn't put the same value on sex as we do back home. What I did for you was a gift, not any display of physical or emotional attraction, or an attempt to wrest you away from her. Are we clear?"
"Thank you, ma'am. I can't help but feel guilty, though. Also about you. Are you comfortable with having to be unclothed in this place? It must be murder for you."
"I've made my peace with it, thank you, Jenkins, as should you," Emily replied. "I have little choice about it here, and you also will need to make your peace with it if we are to work together again, assuming it makes you uncomfortable."
"It is difficult to accept, yes," he admitted. "You are my captain after all, and I feel I am doing you a disservice if I don't avert my eyes."
"That's sweet of you, Jenkins, but completely unnecessary. My body, as with my services rendered on Friday night, are my pleasure to give while we are in the place, but once we are home again, we will go back to how things were."
"As you wish, ma'am. Do you really think we will ever get home again? "
"Oh, you wouldn't have heard the news yet. Let me gather the team," she responded as she turned to address the room at large. "Everyone, your attention please. For those of you who may still be unaware, we have come into possession of some information that will solve the final piece of the puzzle in getting us home again, and also make exploration of the multiverse possible for the people of this world."
"Seriously? We're going home?"
"No way! Really?"
Just then Collingwood walked into the room with Madison at his side.
"Good morning, team," he began. "Yes, it is true. While I have not yet laid eyes on it, I will be taking delivery of the information today, and by all accounts it will be everything we need to get us home again. However, there is still a lot of work to be done. Not least of which is the construction of a second ship for our hosts here, which Captain Birmingham will be supervising. I will expect your full cooperation with her regardless of her current unclothed state."
"Aye, sir."
"Aye, sir."
"Aye, sir."
"Also, team," he continued. "I would like to introduce a new team member. This is 4D9Y2Y and she will be joining us as a former pilot of a hyperdrive equipped vessel from yet another world, not unlike ours. Please make her feel welcome."
"Hi, everyone," Madison greeted with a wave.
Emily squealed and rushed up to hug her, kissing her on the lips in her excitement.
"Oh my God," Norris commented. "You two are completely hot together. What I wouldn't give to be a fly on the wall if you guys ever got it on."
Emily rolled her eyes, but it was probably no surprise that Norris thought with his dick, considering the size of the thing.
"I'm up for it," Madison blurted unexpectedly.
Emily turned to her in surprise and noticed she was looking straight at her while smiling and nodding excitedly with her eyebrows raised, as if to encourage Emily to play along.
"Are we really doing this?" Emily asked.
Madison bit her lip in response, her eyes shining with excitement.
"Ok then," Emily shrugged, pulling Madison in and kissing her on the mouth. She was surprised to feel Madison's tongue immediately pushing into her mouth in response. Emily had never felt a woman's tongue in her mouth before. It was strangely erotic, and she could feel herself getting wet in response.
"Um… sir?' Norris remarked, turning to Collingwood as if seeking approval to cut in on the women's performance.
"Go for it, Norris," Collingwood nodded with a knowing smile. "I'm feeling more than a little cramped myself right now."
"Thank you, sir!" Norris responded. "Ladies. Um… Captain, if you could 'Kneel' and 'Open'. 4D9Y2Y, if you could 'Display'?"
The women assumed the positions as Norris approached. He tripped in his haste to get his trousers off as he walked. Emily noticed his particularly impressive penis was already erect, and after looking at both women for a moment, he decided on penetrating Madison. Collingwood briefly considered taking Emily, but wanting to show her that he had changed, he gave her a smile as he positioned himself in front of Madison instead.
"'Open', 4D9Y2Y," he requested.
"Have _ your _ manners _ improved_ yet, _ cabrón?" Madison asked, in between Norris's surprisingly powerful thrusts which were making loud slapping noises against her naked buttocks.
"Er… ahh, yes. I have made my apologies, and 7GQA9E has forgiven me," Collingwood replied after realising what she meant.
Madison responded by opening her mouth, and moments later she found herself being jack-hammered onto Collingwood's cock with each of Norris's thrusts from behind.
Meanwhile, Jenkins approached Emily.
"Are you sure this is ok, ma'am?" he asked as he looked down at Emily kneeling on the floor with her mouth open in front of him.
She nodded her agreement and smiled with her eyes. The sight was too much for him.
"Ok then, ma'am. Thank you, ma'am," he responded as he undid his trousers and presented himself to her.
She proceeded to give the gift and turned slightly to look at Collingwood. He was already watching her and gave her a smile, which she returned. The other men in the office had formed a circle around them, many with their trousers either completely or partially off, and stroking their cocks in anticipation.
Almost an hour later everyone appeared to be spent. Collingwood was the first to speak.
"Thank you, ladies. If you could clean up and then come with me? Gentlemen, back to work."
Emily and Madison stood up, reaching for tissues to wipe their various orifices. Emily wished they could at least have some privacy during this undignified but necessary task. They had just been fucked by pretty much every man on both the Earth 1 and Earth 2 teams. There was bound to be a mess to clean up. She felt Madison wiping her shoulder blade and realised she must have got some cum there somehow as well.
Finally, once both women were as clean as they were likely to get without taking a shower, Collingwood led them outside and into a large hangar where the starship was currently being stored. It looked a mess. Emily was shocked to see the thrusters had been removed and the rear half of the ship had been stripped to a bare skeleton.
"What have you done to her, Collingw… err, Rod?" she asked.
"Well, we have to get those into there," he explained while pointing to a large pile of machinery under a tarp and then to the back of the ship. "The problem is, as much as their ship design appears to be very similar to ours externally, internally is a whole other ballgame. The other issue is this second ship they now want us to construct. I will have blueprints for it but not for ours. I'm thinking it might be easier, and kill two birds with one stone, if we build two ships from scratch and scrap this one for parts."
"Oh, that would be such a shame," Emily responded. "She served us well, apart from landing us here, but that wasn't really her fault."
"It's just a machine, Captain," Collingwood shrugged, "and in any case, her heart will live on in the new machine. We'll need all of the hyperdrive tech and a great number of the control systems. We're making her better, faster, and stronger."
"It looks so different to mine," Madison noted. "Mine was so much smaller with just a cockpit. I didn't have all this space to move around in. It looks like you have at least 3 decks and cabins?"
"That's correct," Collingwood responded. "I will need you to familiarise yourself with the design and spend some time examining the blueprints of this world's ship. Any input you have will be appreciated. Do you have any experience with a gas axe or soldering iron?"
"I know my way around a circuit board, cabrón," Madison replied. "Not much else I'm afraid, but I'm not averse to getting my hands dirty."
"I don't suppose there's any chance you might stop calling me that any time soon?" Collingwood asked.
"You mean cabrón?" Madison answered. "No, not just yet, but we'll see how you go."
"Fair enough, I suppose. I certainly earned it. Anyway, I'm sure your input to the team will prove invaluable, and I'm glad 7GQA9E has a friend here" he replied, before turning back to Emily. "And speaking of captains, now that we are no longer permanent refugees here, what say we get you respectable in a manner befitting an officer from Earth 1, 7GQA9E?"
"You mean getting me back in uniform, Rod?" Emily asked, realising her heart had sunk somewhat at the prospect. "I don't think I should. They would find any form of covering on me offensive, which would be to the detriment of any diplomatic relations."
"I wouldn't expect anything less from you following our recent conversations, 7GQA9E," Collingwood replied. "Rather, I was referring to your rank as captain. You are an appointed captain on Earth 1 and should be recognised as such here."
"How's that going to work if I'm out of uniform anyway?" Emily argued.
"I figure there's room on that collar of yours to add an insignia," Collingwood reasoned. "I shall go speak with the General at once to see about restoring your rank. You two, please feel free to wander around and familiarise yourselves with the lay of the land in my absence."
"I'm not sure how he's going to go with that, but I guess he can only try," Emily commented to Madison as Collingwood left the hangar. "But anyway, c'mon, let me show you my ship."
Emily couldn't help but feel dismayed as she entered the bridge. Most of the instrument panels and displays had been pulled out, and there were cables and wires everywhere. It was sad to see the ship in this state. It looked like it had been left parked in a rough neighbourhood and thieves had raided it.
"This is the bridge," she told Madison. "Well, what's left of it anyway."
"I can't believe how much space you guys had." Madison commented. "On my ship I was strapped into my seat and there I stayed. Let me tell you, after a few days of sucking food through a straw and shitting into a bag, it gets old pretty fast."
"Ew! I can imagine," Emily responded. "Ok, let's check out my old cabin. This way."
Her cabin was almost as if she'd just left it. The bunk was still made up, on the wall was the tiny mirror where she had checked her appearance once last time before stepping out into this world, and near the entry was the small closet with her spare pair of white coveralls with the space logo stitched onto the sleeves. It was identical to the last thing she'd worn almost eighteen months ago now. Was it really that long ago? It was so odd to see it, and hard to imagine herself wearing it again one day after so long wearing nothing at all. She remembered vividly how mortifying and confusing that first day here had been when they stripped her out of it and brutally caned her for the crime of wearing clothes.
"Nice!" Madison commented. "Hey, did you cum back there in the office? I can't get that kiss we had out of my mind and um… I kinda wouldn't mind picking things up where we left off, if you've got an itch that still needs scratching…"
"Hmm…? No, I wasn't really in that for myself. That was for the guys," Emily answered dreamily, still lost in her thoughts and memories.
Realising what she had just heard, she turned to see Madison's smile suddenly change to a slightly pained expression. She then bit her lower lip, her eyes a combination of nervousness, horniness, and breathless expectation. Emily knew she couldn't resist that face even if she wanted to. She stepped forward and allowed her mouth to meet Madison's once again, and then didn't resist as she was pushed back onto the bunk while Madison's fingers found their way amongst the folds of her sex. She in turn let her hand find its way between Madison's legs and gently pressed her middle finger inside while keeping pressure against her clit.
She'd never touched another woman's vagina before. It felt so strange. Like her own. Like she was touching herself, but different. She could smell Madison's arousal on her breath and the softness of her lips against her own. It was so strange making love to a woman, especially one she thought of as her best friend. Was Madison gay maybe? Right now, that didn't matter. It felt amazing. Much better than coupling. Not one-sided giving, but both giving equally. Emily teased and caressed her friend's pussy as she would her own, and soon she felt Madison panting into her mouth, indicating she was cumming. It triggered the same response in Emily just after.
"I hope that was ok?' Madison finally asked once they'd both recovered.
"Oh yes," Emily replied. "A bit unexpected I guess, but it was very, very nice. So where did that come from, if you don't mind me asking?"
"I suppose I was feeling a bit of tension after all that fucking and sucking," Madison replied. "Us chicas have got to look after each other sometimes if we want to get something for ourselves."
"You could be right there," Emily agreed. "I've never been with a woman before, though. You?"
"A couple of times," Madison admitted. "I had a crush back in high school, but it never went anywhere. Here the opportunity presents itself from time to time. There's something so much nicer about the feminine. It's softer, less urgent, and less self-centred. More intimate I guess."
"I'd have to agree with that after what I just experienced. I've definitely never felt any attraction to a woman before, though. Well, up until now. Do you think you might be gay?"
"Maybe. That could be why I struggled so much with this place at first," Madison considered. "It didn't feel natural to me at all."
"I don't think this place could feel natural to any woman who wasn't born here," Emily added. "In my first week or so here I was seriously considering letting them cane my arse again until it bled, and then let them throw me in jail forever rather than put up with another day of it."
"They probably would have too, although they're usually a bit gentler with someone struggling and it's more a re-education process, similar to what we went through with the Master," Madison explained. "But it's different for everyone depending on what they're struggling with. Like in your case, you were doing the deeds, going through the motions and stuff, but it was obvious you just didn't get it and your heart wasn't in it."
"Got that right," Emily agreed. "It's still kind of freaky for me that this all works. Now, though, I don't think I want to leave anymore, and I especially don't want to leave you behind."
"Don't then," Madison responded. "Stay. Who's going to stop you?"
"I'm a commissioned officer, Madison," Emily explained. "I have a duty to go back if I can, and if I don't then they'll come looking for me one day and I'll be facing a court-martial for being AWOL. And who knows what shit that might bring down on this place as a result."
"Pity," Madison replied. "I'm seriously going to miss you when you go, Emmi."
"Same, but on the bright side it's not going to be for a fair while yet. Just look at the state of this ship," Emily responded. "Now we have to build another one, and Collingwood's talking about starting over with this one as well. That's got to be at least a year before we even think about leaving. Maybe more."
"That could mean I could probably go home as well," Madison considered. "They tracked my entry here as well, so they know where I'm from, and soon they'll have the means to do it, but this is my home now and there's nothing left for me back there. My enlistment would have been over years ago so no one's ever going to come looking for me, and any friends I had would have given me up for dead a decade ago. The place was a shithole compared to here anyway, even with all the fucking and sucking, which I totally dig now anyway. I can't imagine what it would be like to wear clothes again. I've been nude so long that the idea seems kind of restrictive and gross to me now."
"Yeah, I get how you feel," Emily agreed. "I'm starting to think maybe I'll struggle with re-adapting almost as much as I struggled to fit in here. I'm a bit worried when I get home again some low-life might tell me to blow him as an insult, and I will!"
They both started laughing at that. Meanwhile Collingwood was waiting patiently on the General to see him.
"Ahh, Captain Collingwood, I am glad you are here," the General began. "I believe the information you seek is on this chip and you will be commencing construction of a second ship?"
"I'd like to construct two new ships instead of just the one, sir. If that's within the budget?" Collingwood clarified. "Retro-fitting your thrusters into our ship is proving to be rather more difficult than I anticipated, and I believe it may be faster, less time-consuming and therefore more economical to just start over."
"As you wish, Captain," the General replied, handing Collingwood a small rectangular object with a folder underneath. "You are the expert, and our resources are at your disposal. As always, please keep me debriefed with your progress."
"Certainly, sir," Collingwood agreed. "There is another matter, sir. I would like 7GQA9E's rank as captain restored to her as soon as possible."
"Preposterous! I cannot have a woman in authority here. How would she obey the commands from men who would then be her subordinates? How would her rank be recognised anyway? It is forbidden for women to be covered."
"To answer those questions, sir. Firstly, I must point out that the technology on this chip is the final piece to the puzzle in making exploration of the multiverse possible, and in turn getting us home again. That means we should now be regarded as guests rather than permanent refugees, as it were, and our individual ranks and standings from our world should be duly respected here, just as we would to any visitor from this world to ours, which is entirely likely to occur at some point in the future."
"I see," the General responded. "Go on."
"Now, that does not mean we disrespect your various local customs," Collingwood continued. "I believe I can speak on 7GQA9E's behalf that she would not expect otherwise and will have no issue with remaining revealed and following the commands as given to her. In her mind they would be in a different category. She would follow the commands, no matter who gives them, and subordinates would follow her orders as related to matters of our mission and her rank. This should present no conflict at all."
"That would seem to be reasonable," the General considered, "but I still see a problem. She would be revealed as dictated by our custom, while as an officer she would then be technically out of uniform."
"I have a solution for that, sir. Perhaps the captain insignia could be added to her collar?"
"I have not heard of such a thing before, but then I had not ever considered female officers either…" the General mused.
"I believe the circumstances call for some flexibility, sir," Collingwood pointed out.
"Hmm…," the General responded. "Very well, Captain. Have her report to Stores to have the insignia added to her collar. I shall send my authorisation at the conclusion of our meeting. I am still sceptical, though, so we shall have to see how this plays out in practice. However, if it is successful then we may well introduce female officers into our own ranks, should any women here have such ambitions."
"Thank you, sir. Yes, I imagine you would benefit greatly by having female officers," Collingwood replied. "Which brings me to a related matter. I am not in fact a captain, sir. That rank belongs to a dead man whom I just happen to resemble in both name and appearance as a result of parallel world shenanigans. I am technically guilty of impersonating an officer if I continue to accept it. I am in fact our expedition's Chief Engineer, a scientist."
"I see. Yes, that is a problem," the General conceded. "I must admire your honesty in bringing this to my attention. Yes, consider yourself the Chief Engineer from your Earth's expedition and I will endeavour to recognise you as such."
"Thank you, sir," Collingwood responded.
"Will that be all, Captain, err… I mean, Chief Engineer Collingwood?" the General asked.
"Yes, sir. Thank you for your time and your due consideration. I am very excited to begin perusing the contents of this chip and would like to get started as soon as possible."
"Very well. Please remove the captain insignia from your uniform, and have 7GQA9E report to Stores to have hers added to her collar. Please keep me abreast of any issues and your progress."
"That I will, sir. Good day to you."
Later in the day Emily was most amused to be completely naked and having men salute her as she walked by. Still, it almost made her feel a bit like the old Emily rather than the naked Earth 2 woman that she had become.
*****
Collingwood didn't come up for air for several weeks after receiving the chip, other than to ramble on excitedly with technobabble that no one else really understood. The most Emily gathered was that there were other gadgets and instruments necessary, which meant the original ship wouldn't have made a suitable host anyway, even if he had solved the compatibility issues with the Earth 2 thrusters and fuel delivery system. Even the blueprints for the new ships required some modification to incorporate the Earth 1 hyperdrive system. He seemed satisfied that he had the aquinium refining process nailed, though.
One of the few times he did emerge, Emily was standing at a bench working on a circuit board, while Collingwood was staring intently at a monitor on the other side of the room behind her working on some other problem. Suddenly she felt a painful cramp which caused her to gasp and put a hand to her stomach. It felt a bit like a menstrual cramp, but it wasn't the right time of the month for that, and too soon to be pregnant again. Well, she hoped as much anyway. It passed quickly, and she assumed it was something to do with having given birth recently.
"Everything ok, Captain?" Collingwood asked, glancing up from his monitor.
"Um… yeah," she replied. "Just a cramp but it's gone now."
"Need a glass of water or a rub?"
"No, all good now. I'm fine," she assured him.
A couple of weeks later, she was greatly relieved when her period came, so she thought no more of it.
The next three months passed much the same, with daily coupling with several crew members and the other Earth 2 scientists and engineers. One-on-one sessions happened with Collingwood and Madison regularly as well. While it was good to be thinking like an Earth 2 woman now, so the public coupling sessions felt more natural, she enjoyed the private sessions with Collingwood and Madison a little more due to the added intimacy.
One thing that had been playing on her mind, though, was why hadn't she fallen pregnant again yet? Was that cramp an indicator that something was wrong with her body? Sure, it was a bit out of place, but nothing out of the ordinary otherwise. She hadn't had another one since, other than the usual cramps as her period came. It had been three months of daily sex with lots of men, and her menstrual cycle seemed to be normal. She didn't want to be pregnant again, especially now that going home was on the horizon. She didn't want to have to leave another child behind or be taken out of action during this crucial time of building the ship, or make the journey home again while carrying a child to become a single mother back on her home world. The fact that she wasn't pregnant was no relief, though. It was troubling. Like an unexploded ordnance lurking about waiting to go off and fuck everything up.
The prospect of going home was troubling as well. She had mixed feelings about wearing clothes again and not being able to 'give the gift' anymore at some point soon. Even now that the two fuselages were mostly complete and she was down on her hands and knees routing cables, she would occasionally remember she was naked and the engineers around her would be getting quite the view. The thought suddenly gave her pause. Why? On the one hand it wasn't like she was showing them anything that any of them hadn't seen before anyway, or could ask to see with one simple command. On the other hand, it still felt kind of undignified and embarrassing, but not in a way that made her want to stop. Actually, the thought of what she was showing them was making her a bit wet.
As she worked, she found herself trying to give her crew something more to see as they passed by. She exaggerated her pose, arching her back as she crawled, almost doing 'Face Down' to put both of her holes on full display. If she needed to squat, she made sure to spread her knees as wide as possible, especially if she knew one of her team members was close by. It made her blush, but the idea of her subordinates seeing her like this, desiring her, and knowing that she was theirs to use with a simple command was making her pulse race as well.
Wait, am I actually liking it, or am I just pleased to 'give the gift'?
Another issue in the back of her mind, now that all of her crew were fucking her almost on a daily basis, was what would she tell everyone when she got back on Earth 1? Her superiors would expect a full debriefing. She couldn't just say "Yes, sir, I spent the last couple of years naked and fucking and sucking anyone who asked, and I didn't mind it." It would be beyond their comprehension. Perhaps reasons for a dishonourable discharge or maybe court-martials for her and the whole crew. She would need to get everyone together so they all got their stories straight, and get Collingwood's advice about what to tell them and how to explain it.
The task at hand was more than enough to occupy her concentration for the moment. Now where did that roll of fibre she just had go? It was here a minute ago. Perhaps if she bent over and arched her back just right, maybe one of the men would help her find it…