It's been just over 36 hours, just a day and a half, and I still can't believe that it happened. It's so wild, so inconceivable. And if I can't believe it happened, no one else is going to either. But what I can do, what I need to do for my own sanity, is put it all down on paper, while it's still fresh in my mind. So here goes...
I guess I should start with a little background. I'm 26 years old and engaged to be married. I've been with my fiancee, Rachel, since our junior year of college, over six years now. We were both scholarship athletes at UCLA. I was on the swim team; she was a soccer player. I saw her from across the room at a party, with her long curly brown hair and her infectious smile, and I was immediately smitten. I've basically been in love with her since that moment.
Flash forward six years. We live together in L.A. and have been engaged for a while now. The wedding is in three weeks, near her parents house in the Napa Valley. But the thing that's been on both of our minds for the last few weeks -- and now will be for the rest of time -- is her bachelorette party.
Rachel has a ton of friends; she's funny and engaging, the kind of person that everyone considers a friend even if they've only met her a few times. Deciding which of her countless friends to invite to the wedding was a really difficult process. But for her bachelorette party, she only wanted her three closest friends, Maya, Nicole, and Syd (short for Sydney), all of whom she'd met her freshman year at UCLA. The plan was to have a girls night out in Las Vegas.
The problem was that her friends -- at least Nicole and Syd -- had been pushing her to do something risque, like hire a stripper or worse, which Rachel didn't really want to do. This had been an ongoing theme in their friendship over the years. Both Nicole and Syd had high "body counts" so speak; they'd been with a lot of different guys over the years. But Rachel has only been with two: her first boyfriend, who she'd dated for three years, and me. Nicole and Syd had told Rachel a number of times that she was too young to get married, that she hadn't had enough experience with men and that she'd eventually come to regret not having done more before settling down. In their minds, this bachelorette party represented a last opportunity for Rachel to do something wild.
The pressure had gotten to a point where Rachel was genuinely bothered by it and had contemplated calling off the party altogether. What she'd tried to explain to them, countless times over the years, was that her sex life was really good, that monogamy didn't mean that she was a prude or didn't enjoy sex. And that was all true. Rachel and I have always had a really satisfying sex life. We enjoy it, we have it frequently, and we both do our part to try to keep it fun and interesting. But all of this fell on deaf ears with Nicole and Syd, who were convinced Rachel would come to regret her limited experience with men.
That's when Rachel came up with the idea. At first it was just a joke, a crazy idea that we laughed about together in bed. But the more she talked about it -- and the more Nicole and Syd pushed her -- the more it crystallized into an actual thing, something that she genuinely wanted us to do. As wild as it sounds, here's what she proposed.
She wanted me, wearing a mask, to pretend to be a hired male stripper. She noted, flatteringly, that I was in really good shape and had a really big cock. I believe her exact words were: "I bet you're more impressive to look at than anyone we could hire." While I wasn't certain about that, it is true that I still have a competitive swimmer's physique as well as the good fortune of being pretty well-endowed.
The idea was that if I posed as the stripper, disguised in a mask, she could touch me, flirt with me, push the envelope a little bit in a way that satisfied Nicole and Syd but which she would never feel comfortable doing with some random, creepy, probably STD-carrying stripper or escort. I understood her thought process, to a point, but I still couldn't believe she was serious. "You'd really be okay with your closest friends staring at my penis, up close?" I asked her incredulously.
"They won't know it's your penis," she responded immediately, "and I'm pretty sure they'll be impressed." She smiled mischievously as she said the last part and reached out with her hand, gently placing it between my legs. We were sitting next to each other on the couch, watching TV. I felt my cock begin to stir as soon as she made contact. "You'd do that for me, wouldn't you?" she continued, giving me her puppy dog eyes as she stroked my cock through my pajama pants.
"So I'd have to drive out to Vegas by myself," I asked, finding it harder to concentrate, "get myself my own room and wait for the right time to come over to your room in disguise?"
"Yep, pretty much" she answered, as she reached down and pulled down my pajama bottoms, exposing my now solid erection.
"And then I would just strip down for you girls, dance around and show you my cock, and then just go back to my room by myself for the rest of the night?"
"Well," she answered slowly. She was now leaning into me, staring up at me with her beautiful green eyes as she stroked my cock with her right hand. "I was thinking that, maybe, at some point in the night, I might sneak out and visit this hardworking stripper in his room and, you know, reward him for all of his efforts." And with that she flashed that mischievous smile again and slowly lowered her head down onto my cock.
By the time she was done, I'd had an amazing orgasm and knew that it was too late to back out. Unless she had a change of heart, we were going to actually go through with this crazy plan of hers.
DOUBTS AND CONCERNS
As the party night approached, my apprehension grew, but Rachel seemed to grow even more committed to the plan. She had apparently told Syd and Nicole that she'd be willing to hire a stripper, but only if they let her take care of it. She told them that she'd only feel comfortable if she did the vetting. I think they were just happy they were getting their way, so they didn't push back. But because of that, Rachel had absolutely no interest in backing down. For obvious reasons, she hadn't actually booked anyone or done any research at all, and she clearly did not want to deal with the fallout from Nicole and Syd if the night arrived and there was no stripper to be found.
So whenever I attempted to voice my doubts or concerns, Rachel was either dismissive or quick to come up with a solution. For example, at one point I warned her that if she was expecting me to have a huge erection during the stripshow, she'd probably be disappointed. I was so nervous about the whole thing that I didn't see how I could possibly manage that. A week later she handed me a one-dose pack of Viagra. She had made a quick two-day trip to visit her parents to take care of some wedding preparations and had apparently raided her dad's medicine cabinet while she was there. "That should solve any performance anxiety," she told me, very matter-of-factly.
The other issue I kept bringing up was about the mask. To her credit, she had managed to find one that was relatively lightweight but fit snuggly and did a pretty good job of rendering me unrecognizable. It was a Guy Fawkes mask, like the one from the movie 'V for Vendetta', all white with a big smile, curly mustache and thin goatee. My concern was less about them recognizing me through the mask and more about how to explain why I was wearing a mask at all. I hadn't spent a lot of time around male strippers, but I was pretty sure that they didn't normally wear masks. To address this, Rachel had come up with a pretty elaborate backstory.
She was going to tell her friends that the company she hired me from requires all of its performers to wear masks at all times, that it's a way of shielding them from being recognized or photographed and thereby allows the company to employ people who might not otherwise be willing to do this kind of work, in particular aspiring actors and other show performers who need the money but don't want it to be known that they're strippers. It was at least a superficially plausible explanation, assuming her friends didn't try to dig past the surface or google anything.
Even with the mask on, though, I was worried that her friends might recognize me from my body alone. Luckily I didn't have any tattoos or obvious identifying marks, but they'd all seen me in a swimsuit before, either at the beach or at a swim meet. Rachel was dismissive of this concern too. "You have a generic athletic build, Jason. I don't mean that as any kind of insult. You're gorgeous and very fit. But in Southern California? In Las Vegas? There's no shortage of guys with bodies just like yours. There are entire gyms full of guys with your exact body."
And so on and so forth. There was no way I was going to talk her out of it.
THE DAY OF
When the day arrived, though, I think the reality of what we were about to do finally started to register with her. She drove separately with her friends to Vegas, obviously, and I started getting nervous text after nervous text. I was driving myself, so I couldn't immediately respond.
"CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE DOING THIS!!! [three eggplant emojis]"
And a few seconds later:
"ur not going to talk right?! they might recognize ur voice. so don't talk! [face with no mouth emoji]"
And then:
"you remembered to pack the pills right! [three more eggplant emojis] and the speaker?"
She was referring to the bluetooth speaker she'd bought and that we'd tested together. It was a square, black box that doubled as a mini karaoke machine. Most importantly, though, it included spinning, flashing, multi-colored lights on the top that synced up with the music you were playing and looked pretty cool when you turned down the lights.
Another text:
"maybe you should take an edible before you dance. might help calm you down. I packed some for me and the girls. figure it will make them less observant and maybe remember less too. ha!"
As to the last point, I didn't need a reminder. I had packed some edibles and definitely planned on taking at least one.
The girls had reserved a large suite at the Cosmopolitan. They planned to go out to dinner and hang out a bit on the strip before heading back to the hotel. I was supposed to be ready to go by 10:00 pm. I'd booked a separate, much smaller room in the same hotel.
SHOWTIME
By 9:00 pm, I was a nervous wreck. I had convinced myself that everything that could go wrong, would go wrong, that I'd put on a terrible performance, that the girls wouldn't enjoy it at all, and that all the embarrassment would culminate in me accidentally knocking the mask off and revealing myself. In an effort to stifle my mounting panic, I downed two shots of vodka and swallowed two edibles, some berry flavored gummies. I also swallowed the Viagra pill that Rachel had given me, the first time I'd ever done that.
Then it was down to the hotel gym. I figured that doing a little lifting would distract me and help me look as cut as possible when the time came to disrobe. Midway through a set of bicep curls, I got a text from Rachel: "heading back to hotel soon. be ready"
She quickly followed with: "so drunk already! ++edibles! omg"
It was almost the moment of truth. I finished my set and headed upstairs to change. Rachel had helped me pick the outfit. It was essentially a black rental tuxedo, but she'd managed to find some black pants that had velcro seams and could be ripped off like basketball warmup pants. Underneath I had a bright red pair of thong style silk underwear. As I was used to doing for swimming purposes, I'd shaved my entire chest.
By the time I was fully dressed, it was nearing 10 o'clock. Thankfully, the gummies had really started to hit. I had a great body high going, and I was much more relaxed. My thoughts were no longer racing, and I felt very present, very in the moment. I stared out my window at the lights of the Vegas strip and was captivated by the view.
Then I got the text. It was just one word, in all caps: "SHOWTIME!"
I took one more shot of vodka, took a deep breath, and looked at myself one final time in the mirror. I grabbed the mask and the speaker and headed for the door.
A few minutes later I approached their room. Before I got to the door, I stopped to put on the mask and made sure it was secure. Then I double-checked that the playlist on my phone was ready. Just before I knocked on the door, a wave of anxiety coursed through me. I did my best to stifle it. Then I knocked three times. I immediately heard excited voices on the other side.
When the door opened, the person standing in front of me was Sydney. She seemed a little startled at first -- no doubt due to the creepy mask I was wearing -- but she quickly broke into a big smile. And she looked gorgeous. To help you visualize, Syd is about 5'8'', with long straight blonde hair that she usually wears pulled back in a simple ponytail. She used to be on the UCLA softball team, an outfielder. She's your stereotypical Southern California girl, straight out of central casting, effortlessly beautiful in a very traditional, all American girl kind of way. On that night, though, she was all done up like she was going to the prom or a fancy cocktail party; her hair was loose and flowing and she was wearing a tight-fitting, strapless black dress that really accentuated her curves.
She beckoned me into the room. Once I was through the initial hallway, the room opened up. It was a spacious suite with huge windows overlooking the strip and a separate bedroom off to the right. In the main room, it looked like the girls had moved around the furniture to clear out some space. In the center of the room was a large white rug that looked like some kind of faux fur rug. It looked very soft, with long strands like a shag carpet. Arrayed around it were both a couch and a loveseat, perpendicular to each other, as well as a single upholstered chair on the other side of the couch, opposite the loveseat. It was clear that the rug was going to be my stage.
My eyes first went to Rachel, who was already sitting on the couch, holding a drink. She was wearing a short white skirt and red blouse that showed a lot of cleavage. Rachel is about 5'6'' with a very slender, athletic build. Her breasts aren't huge, but when she wears tight clothes and the right kind of bra, it's hard not to look right at her chest. In keeping with bachelorette party tradition, on her head she wore a white headband with a short veil that draped down her long curly brown hair. She was smiling and didn't look particularly nervous, which surprised me a little.
Sitting to her right, in the upholstered chair, was Nicole. Nicole is short, barely 5 feet tall, with jet black hair and an olive complexion, but she's easily the most shapely of the girls. She's Italian, a New Yorker, but she looks like she could be a long lost Kardashian sister. She was wearing a tight-fighting, sequined blue dress; it was backless, with the front of the dress tying around her neck. It didn't show any cleavage, but it didn't need to; there was no question who had the biggest breasts in the room.
As I moved into the center of the room and placed the speaker on the ground, I finally spotted Maya. She was in the little kitchenette area fixing herself a drink. Maya is the most reserved of the bunch but has always been my favorite of Rachel's friends. She's a petite girl, a mix of Japanese (her mother) and Vietnamese (her father). She typically wears glasses and dresses pretty conservatively but is nevertheless very pretty, in a bookish sort of way. But that night she looked very different. Her glasses were gone, and she was wearing a very short, black skirt that showed off her athletic tennis player legs, and a backless, black tank top-style blouse that split midway up and tied around her neck, revealing quite a bit of cleavage. Simply put, she looked stunning.
Whether it was the edibles or nerves or some combination of the two, I felt like I was not fully processing all of the sensory input that was coming at me, particularly the sounds. I had been so engrossed in taking in the scene, in particular how beautiful all four of the girls looked, that I wasn't really listening to anything any of them were saying. Finally, I realized that Nicole was trying to talk to me. It was probably the third time she'd asked, but I eventually heard her say, "so how does this work? Are there any ground rules?"
Thankfully Rachel remembered to step in. "The company told me there's no touching allowed," she said. After a pause, she added "and they also said that the performers don't talk; it's part of the mystery. It's like the Blue Man Group or something." I pointed at her and gave an exaggerated nod in agreement. Based on the way Rachel was talking, very slowly and deliberately, I could tell that she was pretty drunk, or high, or probably both. But I was glad she was at least with it enough to establish the ground rules. It was something we'd discussed beforehand, but I was worried she'd forget.
"But what if I really want to touch him?" Syd asked in a fake, pouty voice. She had managed to sneak up behind me, and it startled me a bit when she spoke.
"We can find you someone else to touch later, you slut," Nicole responded, causing all of the girls to laugh hysterically. I'd seen enough by this point to know that none of the girls were remotely sober. This was going to be interesting.
From the inner pocket of my tuxedo jacket, I pulled out my phone and found the playlist Rachel had helped me put together. Not knowing what else to do, I turned on the speaker -- including the swirling colored lights -- and made sure my phone was paired. Then I hit play.
I didn't even know the names of most of the songs on the playlist. Rachel had picked all of them. We'd watched the Magic Mike movies in preparation, so I knew a lot of the songs were used in those movies. I'd listened to the entire playlist dozens of times in the preceding weeks in preparation (mostly alone in our apartment after Rachel had gone to bed), so I knew all the songs by heart, even if I had no idea what some of them were called or who the artist was.
The first song was a slowish R&B tune. It was from Magic Mike, and as soon as it came on, all four of the girls recognized it immediately and started whistling and hooting. Nicole got up and turned off the light in the main room, which I was thankful for. The only light still on was the one in the kitchenette area, so while it wasn't dark in the room, it was considerably dimmer, which really enhanced the dancing lights from the speaker and made the whole vibe in the room much closer to what you'd find in a club.
As the girls all took their seats, I began to dance in earnest, moving slowly to the pace of the song. I was already starting to get hot, so before long, I took off my first piece of clothing, my tuxedo jacket. I'm not sure there's a particularly sexy way to take off a jacket, so I didn't bother trying to draw the process out. Once it was off, I draped it over my shoulder for a few beats and then tossed it out of the way. The girls all cheered when I threw it, which I found encouraging.
Once the jacket was off, I started to slowly unbutton my shirt, starting from the top. At Rachel's suggestion, I had tied the bowtie around my bare neck, underneath the shirt collar, so that it would stay on when I took off my shirt. Slowly, I moved around the room, approaching each girl as I undid the next button and revealed a little more of my bare chest. They continued to whistle and cheer and seemed to be really into it. Truth be told, I was starting to get really into it too. By that point, the edibles had kicked in with force. I was flat out stoned, the really good kind of stoned where your whole body feels high and any familiar music is mesmerizing.
When I got to the last button, I pulled the entire shirt open in one swift motion. The girls all screamed and cheered. At that point the first song ended. The next song up was one I knew well: "No Diggity" by Blackstreet. As soon as the familiar opening riff began, the girls cheered and clapped and began moving a bit to the music themselves. I tossed the tuxedo shirt aside.
Next off were my slip-on dress shoes. I didn't think there was a sexy way to remove socks, so I hadn't bothered to wear any. My feet and toes were now bare, which felt great against the shaggy rug. I knew the next big move was to rip off the breakaway pants, so I waited for the right beat. I teased them for the first couple of minutes of the song, making like I was about to take them off, giving them a few peeks at the top of my red underwear. Then, when the song got to the line, "You're blowing my mind...maybe in time...baby I can get you in my ride," I reached down and ripped off the pants in one quick motion. The girls all looked surprised and thrilled, their eyes wide -- even Rachel, who knew this move was coming -- and they all immediately hollered and cheered as I threw the pants across the room.
At this point, I had nothing on except my red thong underwear, the black bowtie, and the mask. Whether it was the excitement of the moment or the Viagra or both, I could feel that I was already semi-erect. I glanced down and could see that the underwear did not leave a whole lot to the imagination. As I looked out at the girls' faces, it was obvious that they had all noticed the same thing. Their eyes were all laser focused on my cock. Syd silently mouthed the word "wow" as she made eye contact with Maya, who was sitting across from her.
It's strange. I'd never done anything like this in my life. And yet, by that point in my performance, in the haze of the music and swirling lights and THC and alcohol, I was feeling very comfortable and in control, like this was my real job and I knew what I was doing. When "No Diggity" ended, the next song up, fittingly, was "Private Dancer" by Tina Turner.
It's a slower song, especially at the beginning, so I began slowly working my way around the room from left-to-right, starting with Maya, getting close to each girl while gently thrusting my pelvis back and forth just in front of them. By the time I got to Syd, who was sitting alone on the loveseat, I was a bit lost in the moment. I closed my eyes as I danced and felt the body high continue to ripple through me. It was then that I felt the first contact. A hand, very gently, had grasped the front of my underwear and was cupping my balls and semi-hard cock. It felt like electricity coursing through my body. My eyes shot open and I saw that Syd had her hand outstretched; she appeared lost in a trance as well. It didn't seem like there was much premediation to what she was doing; it was more reflexive, unthinking.
In reaction to the touch, I could feel the blood flowing instantly to my cock. I knew I would be hard as a rock in just a few seconds. My head immediately swiveled to the left where Rachel was sitting on the couch, next to Nicole. Her eyes were wide open in shock. The plan had been for Rachel -- not any of her friends -- to reach out and fondle me a few times during the performance. Each time I was supposed to back away and wag my finger to admonish her. When I'd raised the possibility that one of her friends might get grab-assy first, Rachel had been very dismissive. She was convinced that if she set the ground rules, they'd follow them.
I stood there paralyzed for what seemed like an eternity but was probably no more than 5-10 seconds, but that was more than enough time to develop what was probably the hardest erection I've ever had. There was no question that Syd could feel my cock growing in the palm of her hand, and her eyes grew with it. By the time I backed away, her mouth was gaping in shock. I looked down and could see that my cock was absolutely bulging underneath the thin red underwear. It was truly a ridiculous sight.
Not sure what else to do, I did what I was supposed to do with Rachel. I backed away from Syd while wagging my finger back and forth in admonition. She didn't seem all that admonished. She just leaned back and said, "holy shit! It's enormous!"
At that point, I really didn't know what to do next, so I just kept dancing and moved back over in front of Rachel, which I considered safer terrain. I expected her to use the opportunity to try to at least attempt a silent conversation, to communicate something with her eyes as to how she was feeling or what she wanted me to do next. But that wasn't what happened. She, like Syd, just stared at my cock. There was no eye contact at all. Even though she'd had plenty of up close experience with it over the years, she seemed transfixed. It was then that I recognized the look on her face. She was turned on. And not just mildly horny, but a level of turned on that she usually only achieved well into a love-making session, typically when she was getting close to orgasm and decided to take control. When she had that look on her face, it typically meant she would soon be on top of me, hands on my chest, grinding her way to the finish line.
As I was processing all of these thoughts, probably somewhat slowly given my own level of intoxication, I saw Rachel's hand reach out and, before I knew it, she had grasped my cock over my underwear and begun to stroke it gently. Waves of pleasure coursed through me. I was beyond turned on. It felt so good that I didn't want to pull away, and I wasn't even certain she wanted me to. So I just stood there, swaying with the music, and let her continue. For how long, I'm not certain, but eventually it occurred to me that I had to do something. Reluctantly, I pulled away, as I had with Syd, and waved my finger at Rachel admonishingly. She seemed surprised and even a little disappointed for a moment. It was as if she had momentarily forgotten where we were, but the wagging of my finger had brought her back to reality. Her friends were all looking at her, smiling and laughing, and she immediately looked a little sheepish and embarrassed.
I retreated back to the center of the room, still dancing but out of grabbing range of any of the girls. It was then that Nicole yelled, "oh god just take it off please! I've gotta see it." Syd and Maya laughed at that and hooted in agreement. Rachel still looked a little disoriented but smiled as her friends laughed.
When I had played it out in my head in the days leading up to this, I had imagined that I would get a couple of more songs into the playlist before being completely naked, but I didn't really see the point in delaying the inevitable. So I acquiesced. As seductively as I could, I reached for the edges of my underwear, waited a couple of beats as I swayed my hips to the music, and then pulled them completely off, letting them drop to the floor.
All of the girls -- Rachel included -- gasped at the sight of my freed cock, in all of its glory. And I have to say, this was as glorious as it had ever looked. It was bigger and harder than I even knew it was capable of getting, and it stood at full attention. You could have hung a coat on it. Maya, normally the quiet type, said "oh my god...I didn't know they got that big."
Nicole laughed and said "Rachel, you're such a lucky girl."
Thankfully, I was wearing a mask so no one could see the momentary look of panic on my face as I wondered if Nicole knew it was me. Rachel, however, was not wearing a mask and had a similar look on her face. Thankfully, Nicole continued, "your first stripper and you get this guy? Trust me they are not all hung like this. Good lord."
Rachel's face quickly transitioned from a look of panic to one of understanding and she smiled and laughed. Just about then, Private Dancer ended and a new song began. It was another one of the songs from the Magic Mike soundtrack. As I resumed dancing, my cock flopping around with every movement, it occurred to me that I didn't know what my exit strategy was here. There were a lot of songs left on the playlist, but now that I was completely naked, how long did they expect me to continue dancing? How long could this continue without becoming monotonous and awkward?
As it turns out, those concerns were unfounded.
Not wanting to just stand in one place, I began working my way around the room again. This time I started by approaching Maya, who I figured was the least likely to cause any trouble. Like the others, she was clearly very intoxicated, but she behaved herself. She just seemed transfixed, almost hypnotized, by my cock; her eyes were locked on it the whole time. As I danced in front of her, I couldn't help but notice the view. Her blouse was extremely low cut, the kind where the split began almost below the breast level and you could see some amount of "side boob" even under normal conditions. But I was standing right above her, and she was completely oblivious to the view she was giving me. I could see straight down her shirt, including almost the entirety of her right breast, nipple and all; she was not wearing a bra. It was incredible.
When I couldn't justify standing there any longer, I moved on to Nicole with some amount of trepidation. That trepidation turned out to be justified. Nicole had a look on her face not unlike the one I recognized on Rachel's a few minutes earlier. She seemed very turned on. Within seconds of me dancing in front of her, she couldn't control herself. She reached out and grasped my cock with one hand and gently cupped my balls with the other. She began stroking my cock with the skill of someone who'd had a lot of practice. It was an incredible sensation. By that point, I was beyond turned on. I immediately looked to my right to see how Rachel was reacting. She had that same horny look she'd had before, but again did not make eye contact with me and did nothing to indicate that she wanted me to pull away. I had no idea what to make of that. Every part of me wanted to let Nicole continue what she was doing, but eventually, using every ounce of my will power, I pulled away. I can't even remember if I followed up with the finger wag or whether I just moved on.
Rachel was the next up, so I moved back in front of her. My mind was reeling by this point and I really didn't know what she wanted me to do. I was rapidly losing any ability to think clearly, and I'm pretty sure Rachel was in the same boat. I was in front of her for no more than 10-15 seconds before her hand was out again. Like Nicole a moment before, she grasped my cock with her right hand but with the other she grabbed my ass. She began to stroke my cock. I was in absolute heaven and was beyond the point of trying to figure out what to do next, especially with Syd being next in line. So I just stood there, swaying slightly to the rhythm of the song, letting her stroke me. I was almost in a trance myself and had stopped paying attention to anything other than what my fiancee was doing to me.
Vaguely, via my peripheral vision, I was aware that there was some movement. Someone had gotten up from their seat and moved across the room, but it wasn't until Syd came up behind Rachel that I realized it was her. I have no idea how long Rachel had been stroking my cock at that point, but it was certainly much longer than I had allowed Nicole to do it. When Syd appeared behind the couch, I was startled out of my trance, but Rachel wasn't; she had no idea Syd was there.
At that point I saw what Syd had in her hand. She had grabbed a red can of whipped cream from the kitchenette area. Before I had time to really process what was happening, she leaned over Rachel's back, startling her and causing her to withdraw her hand in confusion. Syd reached out toward my cock and pressed down on the tip of the can. A jet of whipped cream shot out and landed on the upper shaft of my cock, creating a line of whipped cream extending up to the tip. Syd smiled and said, "time for dessert, Rachel!"
Nicole hollered in amusement and Maya gasped. Rachel went wide eyed with shock and just stared at my cock. There were about five long seconds where I wasn't sure what was going to happen and wondered if I needed to back away and put a stop to everything. But before I had time to complete my thought process, Rachel leaned in, put both of her hands on the base of my cock, and began to lick the whipped cream off of the tip. I couldn't believe what was happening. I was unbelievably turned on. Every time her tongue touched my cock, powerful waves of pleasure coursed through me.
Once she had removed about half of the whipped cream with her tongue, she took the entire top of my cock into her mouth. When she did that, Nicole and Syd both hooted and clapped. I looked over at Maya, and she sat there slack-jawed, staring, no doubt stunned at what her best friend was doing. As Rachel knew full well from past experience, there was no way to get the entire length of my cock into her mouth, which was probably why she very infrequently gave me blow jobs. But when she did, she was quite good at it. She'd use her mouth on the upper part of my cock and her hands on the lower part, which is exactly what she started doing in front of her friends.
At this point, whatever plans we'd agreed on had gone out the window. I was in a state of hyper-arousal and did not have nearly the will power needed to unilaterally pull away from what was happening. If someone was going to put a stop to this, it was going to have to be Rachel. But she had my cock in her mouth and didn't show any signs of relenting.
ESCALATION
At that point, while things had certainly gone sideways and significantly beyond what Rachel and I had contemplated, we were at least within the same universe as what we had planned. The plan had always been for me to get naked and for Rachel to "push the envelope" a little by touching me and breaking the stated ground rules. Beyond a little unanticipated touching from her friends, that was essentially all that had happened up to that point; she had just pushed the envelope a bit further than we'd planned.
But what happened next was a true escalation. Apparently tired of just being a spectator, Syd said, "okay, now it's my turn" and plopped herself down on her knees just to my right. With her hands, she gently pushed Rachel away and then immediately grasped my wet cock in her right hand and used her other hand to pivot me toward her. It all happened so fast that it caught me off guard, and before I had time to even think about doing anything, my cock was in Syd's mouth.
In my state of shock, I looked over to Rachel. She had leaned back on the couch and was watching intently, her expression inscrutable. After a few seconds of mounting uncertainty on my part, she finally made eye contact with me. It was very quick and very subtle; she simply smiled and winked, which I took to mean that she was not expecting me to pull away or put a stop to what Syd was doing. At least that's what I hoped it meant.
Syd also seemed to know exactly what she was doing, and she seemed intent on getting as much of my cock into her mouth as possible, perhaps on some level trying to one-up Rachel. With one of her hands, she stroked the shaft of my cock and with the other she gently caressed my balls. It was intensely pleasurable.
I don't know how long it went on, but it was long enough, and intense enough, that I started to feel myself really building toward climax and for the first time wondered what to do if it got to that point. Thankfully, I was able to put off that question a little while longer because we were interrupted by a tap from behind. I felt someone's finger poking me on my right butt cheek. I looked over my shoulder and saw that Nicole was standing right behind me. She put her hands on my hips and gently spun me around, causing my cock to pop out of Syd's mouth. When she had spun me all the way around, she leaned in and began kissing my chest while grasping my cock in her hand and beginning to stroke it. Slowly, her trail of kisses moved down my body until she too was on her knees in front of me. Within seconds, my cock was in her mouth.
I heard Syd hoot and laugh. Then I heard her say, "you're next, Maya!"
I looked up at Maya. She was still sitting in the chair, just a couple feet behind where Nicole was kneeling, staring slack-jawed at what was happening in front of her. When she heard her name, she looked over at Syd and Rachel and said, while shaking her head and slurring her words a bit, "no way. You guys are all crazy. I...I can't believe this...." She trailed off a bit at the end. She didn't seem angry or even upset; she just seemed like someone who genuinely couldn't believe what she was seeing. As soon as she was done speaking, she went back to staring intently at Nicole.
Nicole, meanwhile, seemed to be just as transfixed. Unlike Syd, she didn't seem to be trying to give the world's best blowjob. It was more like she was studying my cock, trying to appreciate it. She would put it in her mouth one second, and then take it out and lick it up and down or just stare at it while she used her hands to stroke it and move it around. It was as if she wasn't doing it for my pleasure, but for her own curiosity. And I was thankful because her slower pace and many pauses helped me pull back from the brink of orgasm.
At some point, I looked back over at Rachel. I wanted to be reassured that she was okay with what was happening. She was leaning back on the couch, watching intently. It was then that I noticed her hand. Her skirt, which was short to begin with, had ridden up her thighs, and I could see that her hand was between her legs. I remembered that she had told me, days ago, that she wasn't planning to wear any underwear tonight; she thought it would make her feel naughty and daring. I squinted to get a better look in the dim lighting and could see no evidence of any underwear. She was no doubt fingering her bare pussy.
I could see that Syd had noticed this as well. She smiled to herself and stood up, somewhat unsteadily, and walked back toward the bedroom. I didn't know what she was doing and figured maybe she just had to pee or something.
By the time she returned, probably no more than a minute later, my attention had long since returned to Nicole. But I turned again when I sensed Syd approaching. She had something small in her hand -- I couldn't tell what -- and she leaned over to whisper in Rachel's ear. Rachel looked startled for a second and quickly withdrew her hand from between her legs. Syd said something to her, too quietly for me to hear, and Rachel turned to look at her, wide eyed. She shook her head. Syd put her hand firmly on Rachel's shoulder and said something else, like she was trying to convince her of something. She said it very softly, but I was pretty sure she said, "you know you want to."
Rachel's eyes were still wide, and she had a reluctant look on her face, but she didn't shake her head this time. Syd broke into a really wicked grin. A few seconds later, I felt Syd's warm hands on my shoulders. She gently pulled me backward until I had separated from Nicole, who looked up at me a little confused. Syd spun me to my right, so I was facing Rachel. Then she held up in front of me the thing she'd been holding in her hand. It was a blue Trojan condom. She pointed at Rachel, and then looked back at me and said, "you understand, big guy?"
I was glad I had the mask on to hide the look of shock on my face. I looked right at Rachel, and this time she immediately made eye contact. She gave me a very small but unmistakable nod. She was giving permission; there was no question. At that moment, I heard the rip of the condom wrapper as Syd tore it open. She took it out and placed it on the tip of my cock. Using both hands, she carefully unrolled it, sheathing my cock in latex. I heard Maya gasp as the reality of what was about to happen finally registered with her.
Slowly, I stepped forward and got down on my knees in front of the couch, directly in front of Rachel. I reached forward, sliding my hands up her thighs, underneath her skirt, until I reached her hips. Gently, I slid her forward about a foot until her hips were on the edge of the couch. As I did so, her skirt rode up, exposing everything below her waist, including her shaved pussy. I lifted her legs in the air and aligned my cock with her opening. Her mouth was gaping in shock and anticipation. I slowly entered her. She was dripping wet already, and my cock went in with little resistance
That broke her silence. "Oh god...oooooh god" she moaned, her eyes somehow getting even wider. She put her hands on my abs. I started thrusting very slowly, but before too long, the playlist advanced to the next song. It was "No Lie" by Sean Paul and Dua Lipa, which had a faster beat. Fittingly, the song began with Dua Lipa's main line: "Feel your eyes; they all over me. Don't be shy, take control of me...." I grabbed Rachel by the hips and matched my pace with the rhythm of the song, thrusting in and out. I looked around. Nicole and Syd were both watching intently. And to my surprise, Maya, though still in her chair, had her hand up her skirt and looked incredibly aroused.
No more than a minute into the song, it became clear that Rachel was nearing orgasm. I could tell by her rapid breathing. She was rarely able to come in this position -- she usually needed to be on top -- but she had undoubtedly been most of the way there before I even entered her. Her arms were flailing a bit, looking for something to grab. Her right hand gripped the couch cushion, and Syd reached out and gripped her left hand. Syd was now on her knees just to our right, leaning onto the couch facing Rachel. I heard Rachel belt out "oh god, yes, just like that," and moments later her eyes nearly bulged out of her head as she climaxed, her left hand squeezing Syd's hand like a vice.
"Holy shit," Syd said slowly, "that was intense."
"Oh my god," said Nicole. Maya looked too shocked to speak.
I wasn't quite sure what to do at that point. I had been building toward orgasm myself, but Rachel beat me there and I stopped moving after she came, which caused the feeling to pass. I was still rock hard, but no longer on the brink of orgasm. I leaned back to rest and my cock slipped out of her.
Syd, who was still on her knees just to my right, looked over at my cock with the hungriest eyes I'd ever seen. Letting go of Rachel's hand, she reached down with both of her hands and hiked up her black dress over her hips, revealing that she also was no longer wearing any underwear. I suspect she took hers off when she went to get the condom. Her bare ass was less than a foot to my right. She looked over her left shoulder at me and said: "well don't just sit there."
I immediately looked at Rachel again, hoping for guidance. Again, she made eye contact, and again she gave just the slightest of nods. I couldn't believe what was happening and what was about to happen. I hadn't been with another girl in six years and this already surpassed even my wildest fantasy. I sat back up on my knees and slid over about a foot to my right, until I was directly behind Syd. I lined up my cock with her opening, moving slowly in case anyone had any last second change of heart. But before I could press forward, she pressed back, and my cock sank deep inside her.
Syd gasped and said, "oh my god...you're soooo big."
I reached out and grasped her by the hips, and began thrusting, slowly at first but then more rapidly as Syd urged me on. As captivated as I was by her and the surreal feeling of being inside someone else, I was cognizant of the fact that Rachel was just two feet away, still sitting just to my left. She had lowered her skirt but had otherwise not moved from her spot. When I glanced her way, she didn't make eye contact. She just watched me fucking Syd, as if in a trance.
As with Rachel, it didn't take long before Syd was breathing very heavily and seemed close to orgasm. She buried her face in the couch cushion and, with her left hand, reached out to find Rachel's hand. They reconnected, grasping each other's hands tightly. With her right hand, she reached between her legs and began fingering her clitoris. Within 30 seconds of doing so, she was nearly there, and almost screaming. She belted out, "he's fucking me so good...oh my god...oh fuck...oh...oh...oh...oh fuck!" And with that final exclamation, she leaned forward and her legs shook as she climaxed and spasmed on my cock.
As with Rachel, I had been working my way toward orgasm, only to have Syd beat me to the finish line. I sat back on my heels again, my cock again exposed. Within seconds, I felt a warm hand grab ahold of my hand. I look up. It was Nicole, and it was clear that she wanted me to stand. I stood up and turned toward her. She let go of my hand and put both of her hands on my chest, gently pushing me backward until I was up against the empty loveseat. Then she put her hands on my shoulders and gently pushed down. I sat down in the middle of the loveseat, Nicole standing right in front of me in her blue sequined dress.
She reached up under her dress with both hands and a second later, her matching blue thong panties fell to the floor. Then, without saying anything, she climbed up onto the loveseat, straddling me, one knee on each side, her chest in my face. I saw her reach behind and felt her hand on my cock. Then she slowly lowered herself down until I was inside her. Her eyes bulged as she impaled herself deeper on my cock. "Oh my god...it's so thick..." she managed to say, sounding almost breathless.
Just before she climbed on the loveseat, the music had changed to something slower. Nicole moved her hips to the tune, slowly, rhythmically. After a while, my hands instinctively went up to her huge breasts, though her dress completely covered them. In response, Nicole's hands went up to her neck. She reached behind her neck where the straps met and, a moment later, the entire front of her dress collapsed onto my chest, leaving her essentially naked, and the most magnificent pair of breasts that I've ever seen were suddenly right in front of me.
Syd cheered, and I heard Maya mutter "oh my god." Rachel was quiet, but when I looked over at her, I could see that her hand was once again between her legs and she was watching intently. She didn't look at all upset. I quickly returned my attention to Nicole and her spectacular breasts, reaching up to cup them and wishing I could tear off my mask and put her nipples in my mouth. I got the sense that Nicole was a bit of an exhibitionist because as soon as her dress came off, her level of excitement seemed to increase threefold. She was soon breathing heavily and moving quickly. Then, even more abruptly than the others, she climaxed, screaming "oh fuck" and nearly squeezing my neck off in the process.
By that point I was desperate for my own release, but I was also incredibly intrigued by what might happen next. Of all Rachel's friends, Maya is my favorite. It took a while to get to know her, to get her comfortable around me, but once I was able to overcome her shyness, I realized how smart and funny she was and how entertaining she was to talk to. She was the only one of Rachel's friends that I truly considered to be my own friend, someone I would enjoy hanging out with even if Rachel wasn't there. And truth be told, though Syd and Nicole (and several other of Rachel's friends) might be more beautiful in a traditional sense, Maya was the one I sometimes fantasized about at night, the one I would invite to the hypothetical threesome.
Once Nicole had caught her breath, she lifted herself off of me and collapsed back onto the loveseat next to me. She pointed across the room at Maya, who was still in her chair. Smiling, she said, "it's your turn, girl; he's all yours."
Maya suddenly looked apprehensive. "Come on, Maya," Syd implored, "trust me when I tell you that you'll regret it if you don't experience this. Cocks like this don't just grow on trees."
Nicole roared with laughter and then added, "she's right, Maya; and what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."
But Maya didn't look persuaded. After a pause, she finally spoke, "part of me really wants to, but I just...I can't. Not with a complete stranger. Not like this." My heart sank. Not only was this not going to happen, but the vibe in the room had suddenly gotten awkward.
It was then, however, that Rachel got to her feet and moved across the rug to Maya. When she got to her chair, she leaned over and whispered something in Maya's ear. Maya's eyes went wide. After a pause, she whispered something back to Rachel.
As they continued their whispered conversation, the song that was playing ended. And in what I can only describe as an astounding example of cosmic serendipity, the song that came on was "Genie in a Bottle" by Christina Aguilera. The familiarity of the song seemed to instantly change the whole vibe in the room, and the lyrics were truly uncanny. Just as they stopped whispering, the line began "My body's saying 'let's go' -- oh oo oh oo oh -- but my heart is saying 'no'."
Rachel stood up and offered Maya her hand. She took it and stood up with her. Rachel turned and led Maya by the hand across the room towards me. She then extended her other hand to me and pulled me up as well, leading me directly in front of Maya, so close that my cock, still hard as a rock, brushed against her stomach. I felt Maya's hand gently grasp my cock, which instantly sent bolts of pleasure coursing through me. As the chorus played ("I'm a genie in a bottle...") Rachel maneuvered around behind Maya, and I heard the sound of a zipper. The next thing I knew, Maya's skirt fell to the floor, leaving her in just her blouse and a pair of thin white panties.
I'm not sure what came over me at that point, but without even thinking, I did the boldest thing I'd done all night. I reached behind Maya's neck and undid the knot that was holding the two straps of her blouse together. As soon as I did so, the straps came down and the entire blouse fell to the floor, leaving her naked except for her panties. It was a sight I never dreamed I'd see. She was stunning, a pixie of a girl, so slender and lithe, the epitome of Asian beauty. As I stared at her naked body, the song played: "Music fading and lights down low; just one more dance and then we're good to go."
I reached forward and lifted her up -- she was so light -- and gently lowered her onto her back on the white faux fur rug. Once she was on her back, I reached forward and gently grasped her panties with both hands, pulling them down her legs and off. Through all of this, she was silent; she just looked at me with wide eyes, but I could tell they were wide with anticipation, not apprehension. Whatever Rachel had said to her had changed her mind.
I crawled on top of her, in the missionary position, and she lifted her legs in anticipation of what was coming. Slowly, gently, I positioned my cock in front of her opening and began to push in. Her arms were wrapped around my shoulders and, as I entered her, I could feel her fingernails digging in. She was very wet, and I went in smoothly, though it was a snug fit. She gasped and said, breathlessly, "deeper." As I fully penetrated her and began to thrust, she wrapped her legs tightly around my back. Her mouth was right near my left ear, so I could hear her begin to moan softly.
Then she leaned in and whispered something very quietly in my ear. She said, "I know it's you, Jason; Rachel told me."
I was so stunned that I momentarily stopped moving. Suddenly it made sense. That's what Rachel had whispered in her ear. That's what had changed her mind. She didn't feel comfortable doing this with a stranger in a mask, but she felt comfortable doing it with me. The fact that she knew it was me, that she wanted to fuck me, somehow made it that much more exciting. I began thrusting again with an enhanced sense of arousal and connection, and she continued to moan. After a couple of minutes, she was breathing more rapidly and moaning more loudly.
And then the song changed again. Next up was "Naughty Girl" by Beyonce. Between moans, Maya whispered, "oooh, I love this song." When it got to the line -- "I don't know what's gotten into me; the rhythm's got me feeling so crazy" -- something seemed to come over her. She whispered, "I wanna change positions."
She released her leg lock, and I immediately sat back on my knees so I was no longer pinning her down. Then she scooted back about a foot, making my cock slide out of her, and she sat up. The song had reached the chorus: "Tonight, I'll be your naughty girl..." She had a devilish smile on her face. She reached for my cock, and I wasn't sure what she had in mind. A moment later, I felt her fingers delicately sliding the now heavily-used condom off of my cock. I heard Nicole and Syd gasp when they realized what she was doing.
When she'd gotten it all the way off, she tossed it aside and then immediately spun herself around until she was on all fours, her petite ass protruding toward me. I was more turned on at that moment than I'd ever been in my life. All of the sex, all of the sensory overload, all of the intoxication, it had just been building and building to this point, and I could no longer think. My animal instincts were now totally in control.
I rose back onto my knees and immediately plunged my bare cock into her as far as it would go. She squealed in pleasure. I grabbed her by the hips and began to thrust. She lowered her arms until her face and shoulders were touching the rug, her ass the only part of her still raised. I picked up the pace of my thrusting, determined to make it to the finish line this time. Let me tell you, there's making love, there's having sex, and then there's FUCKING. This was fucking. Sweaty, animalistic, and loud. Maya's hands were gripping the rug with a white-knuckled intensity. She was breathing hard and moaning loudly. I knew I was almost there.
She came just before me, yelling "ooohh god, I'm coming" as she spasmed on my cock. Moments later, I finally reached the summit, and the most spectacular orgasm I've ever had washed over me like a tidal wave. I somehow had just enough functioning brain cells left to remember to pull out at that moment. My cock came to rest on the crack of Maya's ass just as an absolute torrent of cum shot out of it, showering her back in wave after wave of droplets.
"Oh my god that was hot," I heard Syd say.
"You're amazing," Nicole added, shaking her head in disbelief.
Rachel didn't say anything, but she was smiling and had a look of what seemed like pride on her face. As Maya collapsed to the floor in exhaustion, Rachel got up off the couch and walked slowly over to me. She stopped right in front of me and reached behind my head. I felt her pulling on the straps to my mask and, before I could really process what was happening, she lifted the mask off of my face, and she kissed me on the lips for several seconds.
"Jason?!" Nicole belted out, "what the fuck?!" She seemed truly shocked, not angry but absolutely floored.
"Hooooly shit" was all Syd could muster, as she shook her head and smiled. "I can't believe it." After a pause she added, "but actually some of this makes more sense now. She knew, didn't she?" Syd asked as she pointed at Maya, who was still lying on her stomach on the floor.
Maya turned her head to look at Syd, "I only knew at the end, when Rachel whispered it in my ear." Syd smiled in understanding, but was still shaking her head in disbelief.
"I think I owe you an apology, Rachel," she said, "if I had known this is what Jason was like in bed, I would never have given you so much shit about needing to be with more guys. You're not going to do better than that." Rachel and I both blushed at that, which was pretty incredible given everything that had just transpired.
"Just to be fully transparent," Rachel began, clearly wanting to get something off of her chest, "this is not what either of us had planned. This was all my idea -- and Jason was a good sport -- but my plan was just to have him strip for us. I felt more comfortable with him than I would have with some random dude. And I figured that if he was the stripper, I could break the rules a little, maybe touch him a few times, and you would think I was being wild. In retrospect, it really wasn't all that well thought out." She looked very sheepish.
"I'm sorry we pushed you, Rach" Syd said -- looking at Nicole, who nodded in agreement -- "and I hope we didn't make you do anything you'll regret tonight....or you, Jason," she added, looking at me.
Rachel looked at me, still smiling, and then back at Syd and Nicole. "I'm not going to regret this night -- and I'm pretty sure Jason just had the best night of his life." I smiled sheepishly when she said that. "But from this moment on," she continued, "he's back to being exclusively mine. Understood?"
"Damn it," Syd and Nicole both said at the same time, which made them both laugh hysterically.
The music was still playing and the lights were still swirling. Rachel took me by the elbow and led me over toward the couch, where we both plopped down next to each other. Maya had gotten up and headed toward the bathroom, no doubt to clean off all the cum from her back. She wasn't gone long. When she came back over to take a seat, I was startled again by her nudity. She was still completely naked, not having bothered to put any of her clothes back on and probably not even sure where they were. It was her nonchalance that was so sexy. She didn't seem the slightest bit self-conscious.
Nicole too had never bothered to pull her dress back up, though with her I found it less surprising. Her dress was still draped around her waist like a sash, covering nothing important. Only Syd and Rachel still had their clothes on, Rachel with her skirt and blouse and Syd with her black strapless dress.
"Jason," Syd asked, coming up behind me, "how do I pair my phone with this speaker? I want to change the music." I took her phone and connected it via bluetooth before handing it back to her. "Thanks!" she said, "girls, now it's time to dance."
She clicked on one of her own playlists and the music changed. A familiar beat started which we all immediately recognized as "I Gotta Feeling" by the Black Eyed Peas. Syd moved around to the center of the room and began pulling us all up one by one. As soon as Nicole stood, her dress fell to the floor and she was completely naked, just like Maya. Both of them immediately pointed out that Syd, unlike them, still had her dress on.
She smiled and said, "well, that's easy to fix." Then she turned around and said, "a little help?" Nicole reached up and unzipped the back of Syd's dress. The whole dress quickly fell to the floor, leaving her in only a strapless black bra. With impressive dexterity, she reached back and unclasped her bra with one hand; it too fell straight to the floor. Syd was now fully naked in front me, and she was a sight to behold. Just straight up centerfold material, dancing naked next to two other beautiful, and equally naked, women. It had been less than 15 minutes since I'd ejaculated all over Maya, but I could already tell that my erection was starting to return, no doubt aided by the Viagra still coursing through my system.
Syd came for Rachel next, reaching out with both hands and pulling her up. "You know you're the only one here with clothes on, right?" Syd asked her, a wicked smile on face.
"That's not true," I responded, "I've still got this bowtie on." That got a chuckle out of the girls. By that point, Syd was in the process of turning Rachel around to face me. I heard Syd unzipping Rachel's skirt. She shimmied her hips a little and a moment later her skirt was on the floor. She kicked it to the side as Syd grabbed both sides of her blouse and lifted up. Rachel raised her arms in the air and then it was off, leaving her in just a red pushup bra and her white headband veil. She paused for a beat before reaching for the front clasp of her bra and undoing it in a seductive flourish. Rachel's naked body was, at this point in our relationship, a very familiar sight to me. But that didn't make her any less sexy. I had always found her stunning. Her long curly hair and olive complexion. Her toned, slender body. She was beautiful. And in that moment, with the veil on and the colored lights dancing around her, illuminating her naked body, I was seeing her in an entirely new light. She was like an erotic angel. I could feel myself getting hard again as I took in the sight.
"It looks like someone likes what they're seeing," Syd said, as she laughed and made her way over to the couch to pull me up as well. Soon we were all dancing to the music. I'm not normally the kind of person who loses himself on the dance floor, entranced by the music. But I'm also not normally the kind of person who takes two edibles and downs multiple shots of liquor before getting on the dance floor. This felt like a rave. We were all stoned and drunk and naked and dancing like fools.
And I couldn't help the fact that I'd again become rock hard, something that drew a number of comments from the ladies. After a few songs, when it had become crystal clear that my erection was not going to go away on its own, Rachel finally took some pity on me. She started dancing closer to me, more slowly, and with one of her hands, she began to stroke it. I'm sure the other girls noticed, but no one said anything. They just kept dancing.
I think the act of stroking my cock began to get the juices flowing again for Rachel too because, before long, she leaned in and started kissing me on the lips. Moments later, the song "Human" by the Killers started playing. It's one of our favorite songs. As soon as it came on, our kissing and groping intensified. It was as if we were the only two people in the world, oblivious to anyone around us. We were kissing passionately, our hands all over each other. After about a minute, I couldn't take it any more. I lifted Rachel up in my arms. She knew what I wanted, and I knew she wanted it too. She hooked her legs around my waist and I slowly lowered her down onto my erection, sliding right into her. As the fast part of the song began, it felt like we were spinning in circles, joined as one, barely hearing the hoots and hollers coming from the girls around us.
I knew I couldn't hold her like that forever, so eventually I made my way back to the couch, still holding her, still inside her. Without breaking the connection, I turned around and sat back on the couch. She was now straddling me, her knees on either side. I began to kiss her nipples, which she always loved. She moaned as she moved her hips up and down, sliding up and down on my cock. I looked over her shoulder and noticed that all of the girls were now watching, and all of them had their hands between their legs.
I returned my attention to Rachel, alternating between kissing her and sucking on her nipples. She was really into it now, moaning loudly, breathing heavy, oblivious to everything around her. I could tell she was going to come soon. This was always how she got when she was in the home stretch, her goal in sight.
At some point, I looked up again and realized that the girls had stopped dancing. Nicole and Maya had moved to the loveseat and Syd was on the chair. All of them had their fingers buried between their legs as they watched us.
Rachel, for her part, was getting very close to orgasm. She was breathing rapidly and her movements were starting to get frantic. With one hand, I cupped her right breast, with the other I reached around and began to lightly caress her anus with my middle finger. I knew that always pushed her over the edge. As I sucked her left breast in my mouth, she started saying "oh my god...oh my god...oh my god...oh my god I'm coming" and then her eyes rolled back and I could feel her spasm on my cock. That pushed me over the edge and I felt my own orgasm coming. It was almost as intense as the first one, and as I ejaculated inside of her, I heard one of the girls making orgasmic sounds as well.
We both looked over and saw that it was Nicole who had joined us at the finish line. Both Syd and Maya were still trying to get there, but it didn't take them long. We watched silently as Syd brought herself to an orgasm, followed shortly after by Maya. It was beautiful to watch.
Once we all caught our breath, Rachel went into the bedroom and found a blanket for us. She and I curled up together, still naked, on the couch. It didn't take long for us both to pass out. We woke up at some point in the middle of the night. The music had stopped. The room was dark. And the other girls had retired to the bedroom. We were in a spooning position and my cock was hard again. Without saying anything, Rachel reached down and guided my cock inside her. I whispered in her ear that I loved her, and she turned her head to kiss me. I knew her well enough to know that she wasn't looking to have real sex, that she was just offering me a quick release, so I did my best to be quick and efficient. A minute or two later I came again inside her, hugging her tightly as I did so and kissing her ear.
I knew the couch wasn't a particularly comfortable place to sleep, especially with two people, so I got up and gathered my clothes. I kissed her goodbye and told her to go get some real sleep in the bedroom, that I'd see her in two days when she came home. And then I went back to my own room to crash.
That was about 36 hours ago. Rachel's due home in a few hours. We haven't had a chance to talk about any of this yet. I love her more than I ever have, and can't wait to spend the rest of my life with her, but I think it's going to take us both a while to process everything that happened the other night. All I know is that we've got quite the story to tell, if we ever choose to tell anyone.
THE END