Joint work by swguy123 and Executionus
The Emma Girl's New Clothes
Part 1 -- Prologue
In certain close-knit small towns in America, there are many unwritten rules that you can never break without turning yourself into an outsider. In this type of town, some of the families have lived here for generations. Some of the families have lived on the same land and even in the same house for a century or longer. Everyone knows everyone else, and secrets are rare. It is expected of people that they homogenize, and extreme diversity is frowned upon.
There one key unwritten rule which is central to this story here: You can never leave. These folks don't trust outsiders, and the moment you move away from the community you become an outsider yourself. It's seen as a betrayal in many circles and is overall frowned upon, even if this is not explicitly stated at any time. And if you do happen to leave one of these towns, even just to go to an out-of-state college, don't expect to just come back to town one day without suffering some consequences.
Completely unaware of this unwritten rule was Emma Robinson, a college freshman born and raised in Well Springs, a mountain town with a total population of only 1500 people. She had a tendancy to be unaware of many things, as she was generally a clueless and gullible "go with the flow" type of girl. Many of the stereotypes for blondes applied to Emma, however she was a natural brunette. She also had a slim figure, C-cups, and a surprising amount of ass for her build.
Her whole life it was a running gag among her friends that Emma was dumb, especially on matters of an adult nature due to her sheltered upbringing. She shocked her entire circle of friends at 15 when it was revealed in conversation that she didn't actually yet know that sex involved penetration of the vagina. The other kids laughed at Emma's horrified look on her face as she tried to imagine shoving a piece of another human being's body up inside her hole.
Emma did really well on school assignments and tests, but almost any test of street smarts scored her a big ole F. Her friends knew they could trick her into just about anything and lots of fun was had with this knowledge. Emma's lifelong embarrassment over being "the dumb chick" is actually one of the reasons that she went to college in the first place. It was her hope that higher education would be the tool needed to finally turn her into one of the smart ones. Sadly... it was not.
After completing her freshman year, Emma was ready to head back home for a couple weeks of her summer break before heading back to her job near the college. She texted her best friends Sara and Rachel to let them know that she would be back soon and that she hoped to hang out with them some as soon as she was in town again.
Emma knew that the two girls were very upset about Emma moving off to the dorms and had not talked with her much at all since she left, but in her blissful ignorance she mistakenly thought that the two girls would be overjoyed to hear of her return. Sadly... they were not.
Sara and Rachel began texting each other behind Emma's back, astonished by the audacity of their former friend acting like there was nothing wrong with leaving town and then just coming back a year later like it was nothing.
They began to gossip about what all type of deviancy Emma had gotten into with her elitist college friends from the big city, and they also joked about what all types of brainwashing these "indoctrination camps" had filled her empty mind with. Their text convo rapidly escalated to more and more insulting of their former bff, while simultaneously both girls were all smilies and positivity in their chats with Emma herself. It was blatantly two-faced, but that's small town USA in a nutshell.
After a little while, Sara came up with a brilliant idea. In a text to Rachel, she wrote, "Hey, what if we threw a big party at my house with all of the cool people from high school, told Emma it was a 'welcome back' party or a 'one year HS reunion' party or something, and then we humiliated that dumbass in front of everyone?"
Sara's family had money, so her house and its yard were quite large and well-decorated. There was even a fairly large swimming pool. It was a popular party location anytime Sara's parents were off on a long business trip, such as now.
Rachel texted back, "I love it! How should we humiliate her though? Everyone from school already knows she's riding a short bus the length of a bicycle. We need something new to really teach her a lesson. Any ideas?"
Sara thought for a minute before replying, until suddenly the best idea came to her. "You remember how Emma didn't know shit about sex stuff even during senior year? I'll bet she's still utterly clueless about that stuff. And remember that time I almost tricked her into flashing gym class? I got her to walk out of the locker area in nothing but a towel by convincing her that Mr Levins needed to do everyone's laundry after we showered because of a bedbug problem in town. We both walked out in towels, she just didn't know that I had clothes on under mine. I swear to God, if Mike didn't start yelling at us both like a horny idiot ruining everything I'm positive, 100%, that I could've convinced her that the towel needed washing too and gotten her to hand it to me before she noticed that everyone else had clothes on. $20 says I can actually get her topless at the party, maybe even naked, as long as we tell all of the boys ahead of time to keep their stupid mouths shut."
Rachel responded, "PERFECT!!!! I'll bet we could get her to make a complete fool out of herself all party before she ever caught on, as long as we got everyone to pretend that everything was normal. Let's just make sure to not invite Mike. Fuck Mike! Also fuck Patty the preacher, she'd ruin it too."
Sara replied, "Yes, we have to be very careful about who we invite if this is going to work. But one guy is an absolute must: Devin. Do you remember how head over heels in love with Devin she used to be? And she went all school without ever once making a move on him because she was such a chicken. It would be so damn funny to see the look on her face when she realizes that she just made a naked fool of herself in front of Devin, plus like everyone else there too!"
Rachel then asked, "So how exactly are you planning to trick her into getting naked, especially in front of Devin and the other boys? You know how shy she is about that stuff."
Giggling to herself like a fool, Sara texted back, "We get the T&A with a little T&A of our own... Trust and Alcohol!"
Part 2 -- The party begins
The day of the party, roughly 30 19-year-old young adults were all gathered in Sara's back yard, all from the same graduating class. Emma was not there yet, having been told a later start time than the others. Each person was hand-selected by Sara and Rachel for their ability to go along with the prank without ruining it, although they did make up the majority of their graduating class so there weren't many important people missing.
Word had been passed to all of them, the boys and the girls, that the goal was to teach Emma a lesson a little bit for running off to some fancy elitist college while leaving all of them behind like that. The instructions given to everybody were pretty simple: Act natural no matter what Emma does or is done to her, and constantly praise her and egg her on. To avoid potential leaks or second thoughts from the crew at the party, the specific detail of HOW Sara and Rachel planned to make a fool out of Emma was withheld until after everyone showed up.
Sara chose to do the honors of announcing, "So...we are going to get Emma wasted-level drunk while the rest of us stay mostly sober, but pretending to be as drunk as she is. That girl was always a lightweight so this won't be too difficult, but for today's adventure we're going to be going much lighter on the alcohol content of your screwdrivers and pina coladas than we are with hers. Even if you WANT to get wasted, tough shit. We can't have any of you blurting out the wrong thing at the wrong time messing this up. Also Officer Jones keeps trying to catch me with alcohol underaged, the prick, so you assclowns have to be able to walk a line if he tries to stop by. Once Emma's nice and loopy, I'm going to enact a secret plan of mine... which will hopefully end with shy little Miss Robinson walking around here... topless!"
The girls squealed, the boys hooted. It was no secret to anybody that Emma was smoking hot, probably the hottest of the three chearleader girls with Sara and Rachel, so the promise of getting to see her uncovered chest got the immediate attention of all of the guys (and a few of the girls too). They weren't ready for the next words out of Rachel's mouth, however, as she added, "Oh and by the way... the plan is to get the bottoms eventually too!"
Final details were hashed out among all of the teens in attendance, with the anticipation growing in all of them (either out of hormons, spite, boredom, or some mixture of all three). When they heard Emma's car pull up in the driveway, the entire back yard went silent. Sara and Rachel went around one last time ordering everybody to act natural no matter what and to see how long they could keep the ruse going and how far they could get away with pushing it.
That's when Emma walked around the back of the house. She was elated to see all of her friends standing there waiting on her. The crowd launched into a loud, "Welcome back, Emma!" as soon as they saw her, which made the girl jump and wave her hands excitedly.
Emma's innocent little eyes bugged out a little bit from seeing so many of the hot guys from high school shirtless in swim trunks. Half the girls were in bikinis too, making Emma feel a little overdressed in her pink shorts and white cami. On the other hand, she was pretty shy and was nervous about changing and coming back out in her bikini in front of almost the entire class without some liquid courage first.
Upon seeing Sara and Rachel, her two besties, Emma immediately ran to both of them to give them big hugs. She was utterly clueless as to the petty vendetta against her felt by those in this crowd.
After the first hour had gone down, Emma found herself quite tipsy indeed. She had no idea that everyone else was drinking much lighter cups than she had, so in her attempt to keep up with her friends and classmates constantly downing glass after glass she had already slipped past the point of sobriety by quite a lot. The hotdogs on the grill were tasty too, but eating just made Emma thirstier and they weren't exactly serving Cokes at this party.
Sara then called out, "So everyone, now that food is done, who's ready to hit the pool for a little bit?" Basically everyone cheered for a unanimous yes.
Part 3 -- The "bikini"
Emma, still very tipsy, walked over to Sara and asked her, "Hey girl, can I use your bathroom to change? I've got my bikini in my purse, as usual."
Rachael and Sara both knew that Emma always changed in and out of her suit at pool parties instead of wearing it the whole time. She got too shy or cold just standing around in it normal. This was part of their plan.
With an evil smile, Sara answered, "Of course. I'll even tie the back for you."
As Emma walked into the bathroom with Sara, she had no idea that her conservative bikini had actually been swiped out of her sitting purse earlier by Rachel.
Emma stripped completely naked before she even looked in the purse itself for her suit, confident that it was in there waiting for her as always. She didn't worry about Sara seeing her naked, since being on cheer squad the three besties had seen every inch of each others' skin hundreds of times over the years.
Sara got a good look once again at Emma's bare chest and her smooth nipples with very-wide lightly colored areolas that covered over half of her C-cup tits, a source of good-natured ribbing from the other cheer girls over the years who had more traditional-sized and perky pink nipples.
The naked Emma fumbled through her purse looking for her suit, but quickly realized that it wasn't there.
"Sara!" she whispered nervously, "I think somebody stole my bikini!"
Sara giggled, "Um Emma... why would anybody steal your clothes instead of, you know, your wallet? Besides, somebody would've seen if anyone here was robbing girls purses. You probably just left it at home."
Emma pouted, "Oh noooo. Sara, I'm too drunk to drive back home and get it. What do I do now?"
Sara paused a second, and then responded, "Well you don't want to swim in your normal clothes or your bra and panties for sure, that would just look ridiculous. Besides, I'll bet you don't want all of the guys from school seeing you in your underwear."
Emma's eyes went wide, "No no! God, that would be so embarrassing. Help me, Sara!" she pouted drunkly.
Sara put her hand on Emma's back, "I might have a spare suit, lemme check quickly!"
With those words, Sara ran off to grab the pre-prepared "spare" that she had ready for this day. After stalling for a few seconds to be less suspicious, Sara then returned to her naked friend while holding a single item: a nude-color string bikini bottom smaller than anything Emma had ever worn in public in her entire life. The coloring was remarkably close to Emma's natural skin color, almost as if they had been purchased with her in mind.
Sara began, "Sorry girl, this was the best that I could find. It's kinda hot though... I'll bet you can get a few naughty looks from... Devin... if you wear this."
The drunk girl went red in the face. Part of her was too afraid of going out in public like that, but the alcohol and the hormones had both completely overwhelmed that part of her brain.
Without answering with words (just making a "Eemmmm" sound), Emma grabbed the skimpy bikini bottom and put it on. Drunk as she was, the act of tying it in place while covering her trimmed little bush was much too difficult though.
Sara offered to tie it for her instead. She made sure to tie it somewhat loosely and using just a single knot tied into a bow like a shoelace on both sides. Just one well-timed pull on both sides would drop this garment to the ground in one second flat, and the thought of doing that later secretly made Sara very giddy inside.
Once the bottoms were on, Emma asked, "Wait, where's the top?"
Sara quickly responded, "Ok, so hear me out... That top broke a long time ago and I threw it out. I kept the bottoms as a spare if I needed them though."
The drunk Emma leaned a little and fell into a wall, then put her hands over her big nipples, "Sara, I need a top before I go out there!" she pouted.
Ever the "helpful friend", Sara replied, "I know. I have an idea about that. So these bottoms are quite small and mostly just a skinny string holding two triangles, right? Well, why don't I just use some of my lipstick to draw a fake bikini top on you? It would have the same style as the bottoms, and I think I have a lipstick that actually matches your faded nipple color. I can use your wide nipples and make them look like a top, and draw a fake string around you to make it look legit. Everybody is so drunk that they'll never even notice that it isn't real, and I'll bet you'll get a ton of compliments from the boys for being so daring and sexy now that you're a big bad college girl."
That suggestion was so stupid that no intelligent or sober person would ever even consider it. Luckily, Emma was neither of those things right now, so she sheepishly nodded her head and allowed Sara to draw the fake bikini.
Sara began with the string, drawing it tube-top style so that there wouldn't be much "string" on Emma's body at all, with her shoulders completely bare. Basically, Sara just drew one horizontal line between the edges of Emma's big areolae at the front and another horizontal line that went around her sides and her back. Next, she worked on Emma's chest itself. Because Sara had absolutely no intention of actually hiding Emma's body, she only pretended to color in Emma's nipples, drawing on them with the back of the lipstick instead of the front.
The end result was a topless girl with a very faint pinkish line drawn around her upper body that hid absolutely nothing, while wearing tiny skimpy bottoms that didn't hide too much and also blended in heavily with Emma's natural skin tone.
Sara had the intoxicated Emma check herself out in the mirror, making sure to compliment how good she looked like this and egging her on to wow everybody with how mature she is now. With her blood alcohol level as high as it was, the inebriated girl saw her reflection and actually thought that her wide areolas and the drawn string between them looked passable as a bikini top. Sadly... they did not.
Outside, all of the teens waited with baited breath. Rachel had informed everyone that this would be the moment of truth and that they HAD to act natural when Emma came out in her "bikini", or else it would all be ruined. Warning after warning had been given, and yet most of Emma's classmates were still not completely mentally prepared for the image that walked out of Sara's house.
The boys faces all lit up as Sara walked out first, followed by a topless Emma wearing nothing but a thin "string" drawn around her cleavage, sides, and back. Emma's C-cup breasts, her large areolas, and her small nipple points sticking out were all completely uncovered and on display for them all to see.
Several of the boys noticably blushed at the sight, since Emma's stunning beauty and sexiness stole the show instantly when she walked out. Many of the girls stared as well, and the entire party accidentally went dead silent as she came out topless in front of them all, blissfully unaware of the show she was giving nearly her entire graduating class.
Rachel knew that she needed to break the silence quickly to keep the ruse going, so she loudly squealed and ran up to Emma while saying, "Wow girl, you look HOT! That bikini is so much better than your old one was last year. Did you buy it off Amazon or was that one of Sara's?"
Emma blushed from the attention, and then answered, "Sara gave it to me. You really like it?"
Rachel gave a double thumbs up, "Hell yeah! I might borrow that suit myself the next time we do a party like this. We should get some selfies together, all three of us looking fine."
Part of Emma's brain vaguely remembered that she wasn't actually wearing a top right now, but that voice was just a whisper drowing in a sea of screwdrivers right now. With Rachel on one side of her and Sara on the other, the three cheer girls in bikinis posed for several selfies with Rachel's phone camera.
Little did Emma know, however, that Rachel was a proud owner of a very high quality phone that was far from cheap, which she had purchased mostly to use its Ultra HD camera for her photography hobby. The resolution and clarity of this camera was so crisp and detailed that if you zoomed in enough on a person's skin you could probably see their mitochondria.
Rachel made absolutely certain to include Emma's bare chest and exposed nipples in every selfie that she took of the three of them, and every shot captured every freckle on Emma's skin and every teeny bump on her nipples. The pictures even showed the blushing of Emma's face and chest region from being photographed topless, but the clueless girl still thought that nobody else could tell and that her disguise was perfect. Her being handed and downing yet another shot didn't help her self-awareness at all.
After Rachel's initial selfie haul, it became a thing from that point on for the other girls and boys to all constantly sneak pictures of Emma, or just walk up and grab selfies together with her. Most of the time they would pretend to receive a text just so that they could subtly aim their phone at her without being obvious. Before long, every single one of them had at least one topless picture of Emma with her embarrassingly big nipples on display, and nobody would ever be able to stop them from showing these pictures to anybody they wanted to from that moment on.
One guy in particular, who had a huge fetish for leaked nudes on 4chan, immediately posted his clearest shot of Emma's bare tits on that website (with millions of daily users) using the caption "Drunk Girl Tricked into Attending Pool Party with just a Poorly Drawn Fake Top". The rush from posting shy Emma's topless state on one of the most popular adult websites on the internet sent the boy's hormones into overdrive. It took all of his self control to not pop a blatant woody right there in front of all of his classmates.
Part 4 -- Ending up naked
Once Emma finally cannonballed into the pool and emerged dramatically, all of the others in attendance were amused by the fact that the lipstick "bikini" had instantly washed off. Even though it never covered anything to begin with, it still somehow made Emma seem even more topless with its erasure. Rachel on the poolside noticed this as well, making it a point to grab a high quality shot of the topless and wet Emma standing in waist-high water.
Meanwhile, many of the boys started chatting Emma up, usually just as an excuse to get closer to her for a better look at her exposed nipples. She never even seemed to notice what they were actually doing, and she found herself enjoying the attention.
At one point her old school crush, Devin, swam over to talk with her. Her butterflies from the last 5 years of her life all went crazy in her tummy again just like it was homeroom sitting next to him all over again. She couldn't take her eyes off of his bare chest, and likewise his eyes were glued to her own bare chest and her big nipples that were pointing straight at him.
Emma managed to barely stumble through a coherent conversation with the tall hunk, but in the process she kept swaying back and forth. Eventually she accidentally fell forward and caught herself with both arms on his bare chest! As a reflex, he too caught her right on her chest, inadvertedly grabbing both of her naked breasts in order to do so.
Both of the horny teens quickly stumbled back and apologized for touching the other, although both of them were certain to replay that memory in their minds later that night when they were alone.
Had Emma not been so wasted, she probably would've fainted from the shock of what just happened, especially the part of him grabbing her, but in a lot of ways she had legitimately forgotten that she wasn't actually wearing a top right now. She was splashing and playing in the water without a care in the world, unaware that all eyes were on her.
Shortly after her embarrassing chat and touchfest with Devin, Sara called out to her, "Hey Emma! You forgot to put on sunscreen! Get out of the pool quickly before you burn yourself, and let me cover you up."
Emma went, "Eep!" and quickly exited the water, wanting absolutely nothing to do with a sunburn. She ran up to her friend Sara who was already holding the sunscreen bottle.
Sara moved the topless fool in such a way that she was facing the rest of the party, boys and girls, and Emma ordered her to move her arms up and put her hands behind her head. Without even questioning it, Emma complied, and this pose pushed out her prominent breasts even more for the viewing pleasure of her enthralled audience.
Rachel soon ran over next to them both, her Ultra HD camera phone in hand, just in time for Sara to start rubbing white cream all over Emma's exposed skin.
Sara started on Emma's neck and shoulders, and then moved to her sides and chest.
Rachel quietly took picture after picture of the process, pretending to be typing out a text the whole time.
Sara's hands rubbed sunscreen all over Emma's bare C-cup breasts for everyone to watch as they jiggled and bounced around. By this point, Emma didn't even really react to Sara touching her breasts, and everyone was acting as if this entire display was a normal, natural occurance.
Sara's hands roamed all over Emma's stomach and abs next, literally shaking with anticipation. It was time for the next step, the biggest risk of the day.
Rachel set her phone in a chair for the moment, expertly aimed upwards at Emma standing there while set to video recording mode. The Ultra HD camera was now capturing a video of Emma's body from her knees to her head, but Emma had no way of knowing this.
Rachel then offered, "Here, let me help. I'll get her right leg while you get the left."
Sara squirted some sunscreen into Rachel's hand, and the two girls moved to Emma's upper thighs. They were only going to get one shot at this, so they had to be very slow, sneaky, and gentle, while hoping that Emma was too drunk to notice their actions.
Sara and Rachel both used one hand to rub Emma's thighs, while their other hands lightly gripped the loose strings of Emma's bottoms. They timed their pulling to match their rubbing in order to distract their target and keep her from feeling what they were doing.
Sara and Rachel made Emma part her legs a little bit to rub the cream on her inner thighs, in order to ensure that the bikini bottoms would fall straight down unhindered once these knots were gone.
Both girls inched their respective knots more and more loose while the entire pool party watched and held their breath.
The camera filmed on, ready to save this historic moment forever in crystal clear digital glory.
The strings were pulled so far now that the slightest tug of no more than a centimeter would cause Emma's last bit of modesty to fall away.
The two scheming cheerleaders looked at each other to syncronize their final pull to ensure that the bikini bottoms would drop down without Emma noticing one bit. Looking at each other, they mouthed, "One... two... three!"
The whole party watched in awe as in a blink of an eye the bikini bottoms dropped to the grass.
Emma's neatly trimmed dark pubic hair was revealed to everyone!
Sara and Rachel kept rubbing suncreen all over Emma's legs as if nothing had happened, but now nearly every boy and girl Emma knew from high school was staring right at her bare crotch.
Meanwhile Emma had no idea at all that she was standing there in Sara's backyard completely stark naked.
Just to complete the show, Sara took Emma by the shoulders and lightly turned her around facing away from the party, exposing Emma's bouncy booty to everyone next.
Sara and Rachel took their sweet time oiling up Emma's back and her now-naked butt. They made sure to make Emma's big butt jiggle energetically to give the best show ever to the camera and everyone watching.
Once they had finished rubbing sunscreen all over Emma's body, Rachel ran back to her phone and saved the amazing video she had just recorded. She then sneakily took a few more detailed pictures of Emma's full-frontal nudity for her growing collection.
She wasn't the only one though, as the vast majority of the teens in the crowd were taking their own pictures of the clueless girl prancing about naked. Emma's entire nude body was now shiny and oiled from the sunscreen, leading to some spectacular nude photos that people could not believe they were getting.
Part 5 -- On display in the pool
Emma was about to head back to the pool now, but was suddenly stopped by Jimmy flagging her down from the poolside. Jimmy was a cute boy that Emma was always friendly with, so she went over to see what he wanted.
Sara and Rachel had no idea what he was doing, but both girls almost did a double-take when they realized what his plan was: Handing her his pool inner tube.
Emma took the gift and thanked him for it, heading towards the pool with her new toy.
Due to Emma's drunkness it took her a couple of tries, but eventually she successfully climbed on top of the round inner tube. She relaxed, floating in the pool.
With her body reclined comfortably, she had no idea how on-display she was doing this. The naive girl had even parted her legs slightly, making her overall body shaped like the letter Y. If anybody happened to be standing right at Emma's feet, they would be able to clearly see her final, last secret, her most private bodily possession: Her little pussy.
Jimmy wasted no time at all rushing over to Emma under the guise of asking her how she liked the tube. He stood right between Emma's parted feet to talk to her and was greated with the money shot that his efforts had earned.
Emma's slit was modest, with her outer labia staying just closed enough to hide the more graphic details such as her clit and inner labia. It was still an amazing sight to behold, instantly making Jimmy's entire day. His eyes were firmly glued on Emma's pussy the entire time he talked to her. Had she been more sober she surely would've noticed his absolute lack of eye contact, but her vision was too blurry for such things now.
As more and more guys came over and stood in the magic sweet spot to chat with her (and look between her legs), Emma found herself greatly enjoying all of this constant attention from the hot guys from school. Cheerleader or not, Emma never used to get this much attention simply because she was famous for awkwardness and doing dumb things. She was starting to suspect that her time at college really had transformed her from the stupid naive girl who fell for every prank into a smart, educated woman. Sadly... it had not.
Eventually the lineup of guys between her legs came to Devin, and again she felt a rush of butterflies when he came near her. She remembered the feel of his chest from earlier, and the feeling of his hands on her breasts. Even if it only lasted for two seconds at most, that memory was playing on repeat in her horny little mind the entire time she made small talk with him.
Alcohol is famous for removing someone's inhibitions, and Emma found herself secretly wishing that Devin would climb on top of her right then and there in front of everybody to make out with her. She had no idea that this boy she had crushed on for a quarter of her entire life was currently staring right at her girly parts, which were slowly (but blatantly) opening up for his viewing pleasure the longer the conversation went on.
Devin couldn't believe what he was seeing as the hottest cheerleader from high school's pussy was sitting there three feet in front of him, and he almost lost the ability to talk at all when he noticed it starting to move on its own!
Devin never blinked as Emma's pussy bloomed, opening wide, almost inviting him inside. All modest aspects of her slit were gone now, as her outer labia parted completely and her inner labia extended outward and to the sides. Her horny pussy was letting him even sneak a slight peek up inside her vagina itself as well.
He stood there for an embarrassingly long time, unable to make himself move away from this view even after he had run out of things to say. Eventually, in order to prevent him from blowing it for everyone else, one of the other guys took his arm and led him away from her, which allowed the next boy in line to swim into the sweet spot for his turn. Little did that boy know, however, the explicit sight that he had just barely missed, as Emma's pussy had managed to close a moment before he got there.
Part 6 -- Limbo
After a little bit more time spent at the pool, Sara loudly announced, "LADIES AND GENTLEBOYS!" amusing herself with the wordplay, "It's time for some paaaarty games! First up: Limbo!"
Rachel at the side of the pool waved Emma over towards her while Sara explained limbo rules (lean back, go under pole, touch it or fall you lose).
Emma pushed herself over to Rachel to talk, unknowingly treating her to the sweet spot view. Rachel made absolutely certain to covertly snap a couple pictures of Emma's pussy, very pleased with herself for capturing such a private shot so easily.
Both Rachel and Sara were wondering to themselves how far they could push this game before Emma caught on, and the limbo was just one of several ideas they were going to try.
Rachel leaned down to whisper to Emma "So... with how flexible you are, you've got to be one of the favorites to win this, right? This might be a good way to impress big Devin with your... you know... skills."
Emma blushed, "RACHEL!!"
Rachel smirked, "Trust me. If you do well at this, he will definitely be imagining you bending like that in the bedroom. Probably a few of the other guys too. Just food for thought..."
Emma struggled slightly, but climbed out of the pool. "Rach, you are such a naughty tease. I can't be that confident though!"
Rachel patted her back, "You've been doing great so far. Just go for it, this should be a piece of cake for you!"
As the two girls walked over to where Sara was setting things up, Rachel thought to herself how evil her portion of this plan was. By trying to get Emma horny before and during her turns, this was going to maximize her accidental exposure to everyone.
Sara announced, "Ok, so since we're all a little drunk, I'm going to allow everyone to touch the ground with your hands while limboing. So basically a crab-walk. That way we don't just have everyone falling left and right. If your butt touches the ground, though, you're out, and you can't turn around the other way either."
Two of the roundest guys were selected to hold the bar, since nobody was even humoring the idea of them bending backwards without hitting the ground. The entire group then started taking turns leaning backwards and crab walking under the bar held around 4 feet up at first. Almost half of them lose on the first bar, showered with ridiculous mockery for their flops of fail.
When it finally came to Emma's turn as she was last, everyone made sure to move into position to watch the show, including Rachel with her camera filming a video of this incredible moment. Nobody wanted to miss this. As a cheerleader, Emma was known for her fantastic flexibility, so the possibilities were there for greatness.
The naked Emma started her run by leaning backwards a little bit, slowly, trying not to fall. With her high level of blood alcohol right now, just leaning back was very difficult. After leaning a little more she quickly fell backwards, but she managed to land onto her hands into a crab walk.
The boys, and even the girls, were all staring right at Emma's naked crotch now, as the girl's legs began to spread apart for balance. Her thin bush wasn't able to hide the details of her lower lips anymore with her body leaned so far backwards, so now everybody could see that beautiful little slit of hers!
She slowly walked on all fours under the bar, thrusting her pussy up towards all of her old classmates the entire time. Her C-cups were pointing upwards as the highest part of her body, so Emma had to try very hard to not hit the bar with her bare titties.
Emma made it under the first bar eventually, completely clueless about the huge show that she just gave everyone. As she stumbled to stand back up, she ended with a very awkward arm thrust upwards in celebration.
The bar was lowered to 3 feet. This took out most of the remaining contestants, especially the guys who were too tall or built for this game.
When it was Emma's turn to do the crab walk again, she had to spread her legs very far apart in order to lower her body enough to get under this lower bar. She struggled to make it with her big breasts sticking upwards, and with every awkward step and slide of her foot she unknowingly opened and closed her little pussy again and again for her audience.
As she finally cleared the lower bar, she had to be helped back to her feet by a couple of the guys, who wasted no time pulling her up by her arms and back.
Devin (who lost badly) came over to congratulate her on making it, although part of his motive was just to get closer to her to stare at her chest. As soon as he got near, Emma began blushing again and remembered earlier when they touched each other's chests. She couldn't believe how just being close to her high school crush was hitting her now just as hard as it did when she was 15. She knew the booze was partly responsible, but either way the 19-year-old girl was reacting emotionally and physically like a young schoolgirl who just discovered boys.
Thirty seconds of talking to Devin, looking upward at his tall face, was enough to rekindle Emma's arousal from earlier. As she grew physically aroused, Devin watched as her expressive nipples started to point right at him. He remembered the show that her pussy gave to him earlier, and the thought occurred to him that if she was horny enough thinking about him when she had her next turn, the view would be utterly spectacular.
To help with this goal, without seeming too obvious about it, Devin rested his hand on Emma's shoulder while wishing her good luck in the finals. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head for a second from his touch, which Devin noticed immediately.
Pushing his luck a little more, he slid his hand to Emma's upper back, rubbing it gently. The naked girl blushed scarlet, but said nothing and did nothing to stop him. As his hand slowly moved down her back to her waist, Emma gasped slightly. She started to secretly wish for his hand to keep going. Part of her horny, drunk brain was praying for this hot guy she's always loved to grab her by the ass right here in front of everybody!
When he instead moved his hand off of her skin and went back to normal, poor little Emma felt a slight wave of sexual denial that just made her want him to touch her body more. To say that Devin had succeeded in turning her arousal up to 11 before her turn would be an understatement.
When the bar was lowered one more time, absolutely everybody either fell or touched the bar with their leg while trying to clear it. When it came to be Emma's turn, she went into her attempt attempting to win it all by being the only one to get under that bar.
She flattened her body out as much as possible, spreading her arms and legs to walk like an X on the ground. Her butt was only a few inches above the ground, and she was using her flexibility and conditioning from years of cheer to aid her in walking on just the balls of her feet and her fists.
As she begin her attempt, the people watching began to wonder if she was actually going to pull it off, alcohol or no alcohol.
All eyes were glued between Emma's legs, however, as her pussy was not only wide open, her private flower blooming for all to see, it was also distinctly glistening from moisture. The girls all instantly could tell that she was wet, and they couldn't believe the extreme shame of getting that way while naked in front of everybody. Some of the girls almost felt bad enough for her to stop this, but their curiosity got the better of them in the end.
The guys, however, were mesmerized by watching this gaping pussy wiggling back and forth with every tiny footstep. Rachel zoomed in with her phone on Emma's wide open pussy, barely believing that all of this had worked out so well today. The fact that Emma somehow still hadn't noticed that she wasn't wearing anything, not even her bottoms, was the gift that keeps on giving.
In the end, though, Emma's big boobs hit the pole and she lost too.
She collapsed onto the ground, disappointed in herself but still proud of the fact that she almost did it. She just stayed there in the grass for a second, trying to make the floor stop spinning in her head some before standing back up.
Everyone was in agreement that the match should be ruled a draw among all of the finalists, and that they should move on to another game that was a little more drunk-friendly.
When Devin saw that Emma wasn't getting back up, he stuck out his hand to aid her. Shyly, Emma grabbed Devin's hand and allowed him to pull her back to her feet. Devin, the sneaky boy that he is, used his other hand to grab a tight handful of Emma's firm ass on the way up, all under the guise of just helping her up.
Emma's eyes went wide after being grabbed and her mouth shot open! She wasn't offended in the slightest, instead she was shocked that she got her secret wish. Although Devin apologized afterwards for "accidentally" grabbing her butt, Emma told him it was fine. She then uttered a line that she never would've even considered saying while sober, "Maybe I'll let you grab it some more later..."
As soon as she heard herself say that, instant regret and nerves hit her. "I mean!! Um... Maybe... what game is Sara talking about now?"
Part 7 - Water jousting
Devin and Emma started paying attention to Sara, who announced the next event: Water jousting.
Sara explained the basic rules of water jousting to everyone (boy on the bottom holding a girl on top, girls fight to knock each other down). While she was doing that, Devin briefly walked over to one of his friends, mostly just to escape the horny awkwardness of Emma's last Fruedian slip.
Rachel snuck over next to Emma after the rules were explained and whispered to Emma, "So... I couldn't help but notice the way you and Devin were looking at each other earlier. Let's just say that Sara and I have a little gift for you with this game..."
Emma blushed at the mention of Devin's name and the fact that she was caught, and was wondering what this "gift" was when she heard Sara starting to choose the boy-girl teams. Emma almost squealed when she heard that she and Devin were a team!
Devin likewise blushed, having not been warned that he was about to have the hot naked girl on top of him. He began to suspect that he was being used as a tool in this little public humiliation adventure, but zero part of him wanted to complain.
Emma wasted little time jumping in the pool and getting into place to be helped up on her tall crush. With how tipsy she was, and how tall he was, this turned into quite the project.
Devin's hands accidentally (and sometimes purposely) wound up in basically every naughty spot on Emma's body in an attempt to help her climb up onto his shoulders. Every roaming hand spot sent a jolt of happy energy through Emma's body as she felt every touch. It never even occured to her that one of the reasons that Devin's contacts felt so intense was because she was bottomless and nothing was shielding her privates anymore.
Eventually, the naked Emma sat on top of Devin, with her breasts and big nipples out in the open and on display and her pussy pressed up against the back of his head.
Having her crush's head between her legs was causing an immediate physical reaction in Emma's anatomy again, not that anybody could see the lower half at the moment. The top half, however, was getting more and more obvious by the second as her nipples transitioned from tiny soft bumps into full-fledged pokies that could put an eye out.
Sara and Rachel had secretly told the other girls to lose on purpose to Emma. Considering how much trouble Emma had just holding herself upright on Devin's shoulders, losing to her on purpose without being obvious about it was going to require WWE-level training.
The tournament began. Emma was determined to win in order to impress Devin, and she was putting on quite a show. Every time she leaned over and caught herself, it resulted in her big bouncing titties jiggling for everyone's amusement. Each of her girl opponents took their dive on command, keeping Emma in the match.
As Emma thrashed around and attacked, she inadvertedly grinded her bare privates up against the hot guy holding her. The constant rubbing of her bare pussy up against the back of this boy's neck and head was getting her very wet and stimulated, to the point where Devin could actually feel the wet spot growing there. Near the end of the tournament, Emma is barely even trying to win the battles anymore, as she's pretty openly just using them as cover for her trying to get herself off while riding him.
Devin, realizing what was happening to her, found himself accidentally getting very stiff in his swim shorts. He blushed, hoping nobody would notice this protruding tent, but his mind couldn't stop thinking about the sexy girl essentially humping him over and over again.
Their classmates could easily tell what was going on, since Emma's perverted actions were not even a fraction as subtle as she thought they were. Rachel made sure to grab several pictures and even a video of the horny display Emma was putting on publically in front of her graduating class.
Finally the last opponent remained for Emma, which was Sara herself. While the other girls had all lost on purpose to draw out the spectacle, Sara was going to be the event's closer.
When the battle started, Sara let Emma grab onto her back, while Sara grabbed onto Emma's hips instead. Sara then started pulling Emma's hips towards herself (and Devin's head) over and over again. Sara was pretending to try to knock Emma off, but in reality... she was trying to get her off!
Emma held onto Sara's back tightly, not really even offering a coherent offense of any kind. Her pussy was driving her crazy, and the last bit of pulling from Sara was setting her off into the closing urges.
Emma rode the momentum of Sara's pulling again and again, turning this motion into a rhythmic thrusting against the back of Devin's neck and head. In her drunken haze, Emma had lost any and all inhibitions and self control in that moment.
While all of her former classmates watched on in amazement, and Rachel filmed it all to be immortalized for life, Emma grinded Devin until she went past the point of no return. Feeling the orgasm starting, Emma screeched before covering her mouth with her right hand to keep from making any more noise.
The climax built up, causing her to shiver and tremble. The fury and intensity of this was going to be too much for her to hold back. There was not going to be anything subtle about this.
Emma felt the orgasm hit the final edge and gasped into her hand loudly as she finally came, thrashing madly. Wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure went through her body as she rode her secret crush, lasting at least 15 whole seconds before subsiding.
Everyone watched every moment of that without blinking, aside from Devin who was facing away and could only feel it. He swore to get that video from Rachel and then watch it every night for the rest of his life.
Ironically, the intense thrashing of Emma's orgasm actually legitimately knocked Sara off of the guy she was on, leading to Emma being the winner. She swayed back and forth, holding onto Devin's head to keep from falling now that she was both drunk and lightheaded from the orgasm.
As she came down from her climax, she reached a level of post-nut clarity where she hoped and prayed that nobody there noticed what she just did. She was hoping with all of her heart that she pulled it off without getting caught.
When the crowd erupted in cheers for her victory in battle, Emma allowed herself to believe that she had somehow managed to get herself off in front on everybody without any of them, including Devin himself, having the slightest clue. Sadly... she was very wrong.
Rachel, taking charge while Sara swam back to shore, announced, "Emma is the winner! Come on up here, girl. You should do a little victory dance for everyone, so we can see if you still remember how to cheer!"
Part 8 - The cheerleading performance
With a little help, Emma was able to climb out of the pool and return to land. She then walked to Rachel and whispered in her ear, "Rach, I'm really dizzy right now from all the drinks. I'm not used to this much alcohol at once. I can't jump around or cheer right, I'd probably fall on my butt in front of everyone."
Rachel then whispered back, "Ok. Then just do a simple step, flourish, step, flourish, right kick, arm thrust, and end in the needle position, holding it for effect. That will look good to the crowd without making you get dizzy or anything. And you can show off how crazy flexible you are that way, as long as you can still do that move."
The full beauty of Rachel's plot is in what the "needle position" is. This is when a cheerleader stands on one leg while grabbing the other leg behind her back with her hand, pulling it up until the foot is pointing straight up into the air, with the other arm held out for balance. The girl's legs become a perfect 180 degree line at this point. Performing this position in the nude would be positively pornographic.
Emma giggled, "It's been a little while since I needled, but yeah I can still do it, sure. Thanks for the advice, Rachel!"
With everyone watching her, and Rachel readying her phone, Emma performed the very simple victory dance moves, making her unsupported breasts bounce up and down with every motion, and then she planted her right foot firmly on the ground.
Moving with the silent rhythm in her head, Emma swung her left leg forward and grabbed it with her left hand, then effortlessly pulled it backwards and upwards until it pointed straight up towards the sky. In an effort to show off a little, Emma even pushed herself to the next level, pulling her leg even farther, until it made a 30 degree angle going backwards (or in other words, her legs were now spread open a scandalous 210 degrees!).
Emma's pussy flew completely open doing this, her outer labia stretching as far as it possibly could just like the rest of her lower body. Her inner labia didn't even try to conceal anything, as those lips opened wide as well, sticking out slightly from the rest of her body as an invitation to the audience to look inside. Her clit was slightly swollen, poking out and saying hello to everybody.
All of the boys watching went silent and stared. None of them had ever seen any girl's privates displayed this graphically before in their lives, not even the guys who got a lot of action. The fact that it was the hottest cheerleader from high school spreading her pussy like this for them all made it 1000x better. Not only was Emma's pussy on full display, her butt cheeks had also parted. This meant she was giving everyone an obscene view of her spread open butthole!
While Emma held this obscene position for a whole 20 seconds, Rachel snapped close to 30 rapid-fire photos from every angle she could manage. She even took several crystal-clear close up shots only a few inches away from Emma's gaping pussy and a few from right next to her spread open butthole!
This all went completely unnoticed by the drunk girl who was facing the other way for balance, focused on maintaing the pose. After around 20 seconds, Emma felt herself leaning over and stumbled back to having both feet on the ground.
The crowd cheered and gave a big applause to her performance. Somebody tried to offer her yet another drink, but she declined, feeling as if she was already far beyond her limits as-is.
Part 9 - The naked monkey charade
It was at this point in the party that Sara began to worry that this entire prank was only going to make Emma MORE popular now that every guy they knew was openly lusting over her naked skin.
The whole point of this was to punish Emma for abandoning the town and all of her friends here in order to go off to college like some stuck up elitist city girl. To both Sara and Rachel, Emma taking off felt like a betrayal of years of their friendship. They needed the perfect closure to this day.
Sara had one last party game idea in mind, one that would make sure that everyone was laughing at Emma instead of smiling at her. They were going to play a round of charades, only the game was going to be rigged in favor of Sara and Rachel's vengeance.
Sara whispered her plan in Rachel's ear, who giggled, "Oh my God!" upon hearing it.
Sara then announced to the crowd that they were going to split into boys vs girls for a battle of charades, while Rachel secretly whispered the plan into the ears of each of the girls at the party. Most of the girls could barely keep it together once they heard the scheme, but they tried to keep up their poker faces as best as they could.
Sara made herself referee, of course, and wrote words on a bunch of slips of paper. Emma was selected to go first since she won the last event. Sara handed her a slip of paper with the following word: "Monkey".
Emma would need to get the other girls to guess the word "monkey" in order to score a point, and she would have 2 minutes to act it out before time ran out. Sara had decided that while words were banned, sound effects were still allowed in this game for hilarity's sake.
Emma resolved to try her hardest to get the other girls to guess her word, not wanting to fail the team. What Emma didn't know, was that the girls had all been instructed to only guess wrong answers no matter what, in order to prolong Emma's performance for as long as possible.
Rachel set her phone to record the video of this amazing performance to keep forever. Once again, Emma was about to make a fool out of herself after being tricked by others.
The timer was started.
Emma began by making simple "ook ook" noises while holding her arms out to her sides goofily. This was very obviously a monkey, and anyone above the age of 4 would've guessed it correctly right then and there, but Emma's former classmates were calling out random nonsense like "schoolbus" and "elephant". One girl couldn't resist guessing "jackal" over and over again, like the old Family Guy skit.
When her first pose didn't work, Emma switched to scratching her head with one hand and her armpit with the other, looking completely ridiculous. She started dynamically bouncing around like a monkey while doing this pose, causing her sizable breasts to also start bouncing up and down in front of everybody.
The camera continued filming every moment of this hilarious performance, with Rachel trying as hard as possible not to start laughing.
To make herself look more monkey-like, Emma bent her knees and squatted down while still scratching her head and pits, enthusiastically hopping around in a circle in this state, making loud "ook ook" noises. The squating position meant she was again displaying her gaping pussy to the audience, and her comical cavorting had the side effect of shaking and jiggling her big ass for everyone.
Still, none of the guesses was even close, and if she heard "jackal" one more time she was going to lose her mind. As Emma got more frustrated and nervous about losing, she started making funny faces like a monkey and squealing like a monkey in addition to the "ook ook" noises.
Figuring out that the scratching pose wasn't working for her, she switched to walking on all fours with her closed fists like Donkey Kong. The fact that this motion was more gorilla than monkey meant very little to the frantic drunk girl, who started walking across the grass bent over with her knees way bent and her arms straight and fists closed. Every now and then she straightened her back and made "hoo hoo hoo" noises while vigorously beating her chest like a gorilla, making her big tits wildly swing around.
Once she started this, half of the boys and girls watching could no longer resist laughing, including Sara who lost all control. Rachel was holding on to her composure by a thread, laser-focused on capturing this hilarious scene on camera at all costs.
As Emma was walking on her fists, bent over like she was, she was displaying her butt very prominently, ensuring everyone got a good look at its round majesty as it uncontrollably shook up and down with every step she took.
At some point while on her fists, Emma leaned forward too much and lost her balance, barely catching herself with her hands just before eating grass. In her haste to brace herself, she ended up straightening her legs all the way, even as her head was now just a few inches from the ground. The view from behind Emma was now spectacular, showing off Emma's jiggling round butt and every bit of her pussy lips for all to enjoy from this new angle. Emma held this position for several seconds, trying to stop herself from being so dizzy, letting every guy get a complete view of her naked display in this very pornographic doggy-style pose.
Finally she stood back up and looked at the timer, seeing that her first minute was over. She realized that she needed to drastically change her tactics if she was going to win this, so she needed to up her monkey game to the next level.
She looked over near where Devin was standing and saw a tree with a useful branch around 7 feet from the ground. She monkey-danced over to it while doing the head/armpit scratching pose and "ook ook" noises again.
When Emma reached the tree, she gestured to Devin to lift her up high by her waist, so that she could grab the branch with her hands. Devin obliged, and she was soon hanging from the tree.
She had plenty of upper body strength, and was thus able to hang only by one hand while using the other to scratch her armpit. Her knees were pulled up toward her stomach and spread apart, giving everyone another display of her gaping pussy. She was hanging like this, frantically scrathing her armpit, while making loud monkey noises with a goofy monkey-like expression on her face.
As still nobody had guessed the correct word, Emma decided to adjust her position. Using her flexibility and athleticism, she was quickly able to bring her legs up and grab the branch with them, allowing her to release her hands and dangle upside down. By hanging like this, her big breasts were pulled by gravity down towards her face, displaying her underboobs to the crowd, while her large nipples almost touched her chin.
Everyone watched in awe. The naked cheerleader hung upside down, alternating the ridiculous monkey poses, as her hanging breasts frantically swung left and right. Rachel was making sure to capture every second of this incredible performance with her camera.
This position also gave everyone a brand new viewpoint of Emma's pussy, with her pelvis now pushed out and sitting right at eye level. Rachel brought the camera in for a closeup of Emma's girly parts while she was hanging like this, barely even trying to keep it subtle at this point.
Even Rachel was shocked at what happened next, though. Emma took her left leg off of the tree and held it out sideways, now hanging from only her right leg. She started kicking and posing her free leg while madly scratching all over her body.
She was now scratching her bare chest, making her hanging breasts dance around wildly for the audience. With her leg way out to the side, her pussy was once again spread wide open and displayed for everyone.
Rachel alternated between wide shots and close-ups, trying to capture every bit of this unbelievable show while also filming high detail of Emma's exposed anatomy.
Emma was scratching all over herself now, including both of her legs and even between them. Nobody knows what made Emma actually willingly start mock-scratching between her legs in front of so many of her peers, even with the alcohol in her system, but they all enjoyed the complete wildness of the display.
By this point Rachel was the only one not openly laughing at all of this, yet somehow Emma remained clueless to how ridiculous she looked. Miraculously, she somehow didn't even notice that her bottoms were gone even as her hand touched and rubbed her bare groin. The fact that she STILL didn't notice her nudity after doing that caused Sara to hit the floor in hysterics.
Emma's pussy visibly reacted to her hand touching it and frantically rubbing it back and forth in a scratching motion, allowing everyone who was there the privilege of watching her inner lips open up and moisten for their viewing enjoyment.
The camera was held only inches away when the inner parts of her pussy began to move. This meant that Rachel captured the moment of Emma's labia blooming to reveal her gaping vaginal cavity, probably the single most intimate and private moments a girl's body has. Now for Emma, this part of her would never be a secret again.
With only 30 seconds left on the timer, and nearly every animal on the planet BUT a monkey having been guessed by the laughing crowd, Emma was running out of ideas for how to somehow win this game. Suddenly she noticed the fruit basket on the picnic table nearby.
As quickly as she could, Emma did a backflip dismount from the tree, which she barely landed well at all thanks to her drunkeness. Stumbling back to her senses, Emma ran to the table and grabbed a banana from the fruit basket.
She started posing with with the banana in her hand while scratching her armpit with the other hand, all while jumping up and down making monkey noises as loudly as possible, but still nobody was guessing right.
Somehow Emma's brain told her that her friends couldn't figure out what the banana meant, so she decided that she needed to eat it to help them understand. Unfortunately, the banana was plastic, so there was no way to eat it or even peel it, although Emma spent a few precious seconds trying to peel it anyway.
With 10 seconds left, Emma just shoved the plastic banana into her mouth as far as it would go, while still trying to make monkey noises. The image was priceless, as everyone watching gasped as the hottest cheerleader from high school just deep throated a banana right in front of them all, shoving it down at least 7 full inches before stopping. With the banana in her mouth, her attempt to make monkey noises instead produced very sloppy moans. The whole thing looked and sounded exactly like she was demonstrating what she was like giving head to a guy.
This last self-degrading action is what broke Rachel, and she almost dropped her phone as the wave of intense laughter finally washed over her.
The timer finally went off.
Emma threw her hands up and shouted "GUYS! I was a monkey! How did you not guess that? Were you just TRYING to make us lose to the boys?"
Her question just made everyone laugh even harder, leading Emma to finally realize that she was being pranked. She crossed her arms with a friendly-but-embarrassed smirk and said "Oh very funny, making me act silly while you all guessed wrong on purpose! Ha ha. Anyway, I have a headache, I need a break. You guys have fun!"
Holding her head, which was now bugging her and making her very dizzy after her little performance, Emma walked towards the house to lie down, mostly ignoring the fact that her entire graduating class was still in absolute hysterics after watching her dance around as a naked monkey.
Part 10 -- Epilogue
The next morning, Emma woke up in her old bed at her parents' house with a massive hangover far worse than any she'd ever experienced before.
Her memory of the party was pretty foggy with only a few key bits and pieces retained. She really hoped that she didn't drive herself home, as clearly she had drank too much.
She was also stark naked while in bed, which was quite a shock in and of itself! Emma rushed to throw on pajamas, assuming that she must've just gotten too hot from the alcohol in her system and stripped off before bed or something.
Emma had no desire to admit to her parents that she had been drinking underaged at the party, so she kept her mouth shut and tried to piece together the timeline of events. A quick text exchange with Sara told her that Sara was the one who drove her home, with Sara explaining that she had been plenty sober enough to serve as the designated driver for everybody who over-consumed yesterday. Sara also confirmed that Emma was able to sneak in while her parents were out to dinner, escaping all detection while still drunk. This came as a huge relief to the generally good girl.
Her two week vacation at home went by very quickly, with most of it spent with her family at home. She didn't end up seeing her old school friends again for those two weeks, not even Sara and Rachel who were suddenly too busy to hang out anymore.
Emma had vague memories related to her old crush Devin from the party, but just thinking about what she had been like around him while drunk out of her mind filled her with enough critical dread to avoid him like the plague during her vacation. She hoped that whatever embarrassing foolishness that she did around him would blow over completely by the next time she came back to town. Sadly... it would not.
Eventually summer break was over and the fall semester of college began.
A week into her sophomore year, Emma woke up from a midday nap to the sound of her dorm door being knocked on frantically. She jumped up quickly and opened it to see what's wrong, momentarily forgetting that she was only wearing a T-shirt and panties at the time.
Emma's friend Lara stood before the door. She looked some mixture of frantic nervousness mixed with wild curiosity as she made eye contact with Emma. She opened up with, "Emma! Has anybody shown you yet?"
Emma was not nearly awake enough for this conversation, although she had finally realized that she's standing there in her panties. She waved Lara in so that she could shut the door to the hallway and then asked, "What? Shown me what? And why didn't you just text me instead of banging on my door?"
Lara snapped, "Girl, I DID text you! You never responded so I ran here. You always put your phone into DND mode to nap like some kinda Boomer."
Blushing from the obviousness of that, Emma quietly mumbled, "Right... right... sorry. So what was so important to show me?"
Lara quickly opened up her tablet computer and it showed a website that Emma didn't recognize. Lara clicked the main video link which was titled "The Naked Monkey Girl - Emma Robinson".
Emma, very confused, simply exclaimed, "That's my name! What the hell?"
And then the video played. Emma watched in horror as her wet naked body popped on the screen with everything showing. Her C-cup breasts, her large aereola, her pointy nipples, her dark bush, it was all showing!
She watched herself there, clearly drunk, bouncing around, making monkey noises while scratching her head and armpits. The people around her and in the background were very obviously her friends from her hometown during that pool party, and the one behind the camera was none other than her trusted friend Rachel!
Emma froze in silence as she watched herself making ridiculous poses and wild noises, instantly humiliated yet also enraged at all of her old friends doing this to her. She didn't remember getting naked at all, that's for damn sure, and she didn't even remember anything about being a monkey.
Emma began to tremble as she watched the video more and watched herself bouncing around, with her boobs jumping around wildly, then squatting, and even sticking her butt out while prancing about. She saw her own lower lips displayed a little bit when the girl in the video parted her legs an indignant level, and she mumbled, "Oh my God!" in shame.
Her nightmare just kept getting worse as she watched herself walk on all fours for a bit before tripping forward on her face, giving the camera a much more blatant and explicit look at her pussy lips and even her asshole from behind this time.
She heard all of her girl friends from high school guessing random non-monkey things while laughing and egging her on, just adding to the humiliation of the display she was unknowingly putting on.
And what made it even worse was when the camera turned enough to show all of the boys from school watching the show and cheering it on. Emma in the present blushed a deep crimson just realizing that seemingly every boy she knew from school got to see her completely butt naked at that party.
In the video, naked Emma ran over by the tree and asked Devin to lift her up to the branch. When Emma watched her drunk and naked self basically jump right into the arms of the boy she had crushed on for years, she gasped and shook in shock.
She watched as her video-self flailed around upside down, while her breasts hung and frantically swung just below her face, and then stuck her leg way out exposing her pussy to Devin, the camera, and everyone else. The video got ridiculously close to her crotch while it was open, leaving nothing to the imagination.
When Emma on the video started scratching herself all over, making her boobs jiggle around like crazy, it was almost too much shame to bear.
A few seconds later, though, she even "scratched" her own pussy roughly 4 feet away from Devin while blatantly staring right at him and his shirtless chest, causing the Emma watching to turn away for a moment just to recover from the humiliation.
She couldn't believe how slutty she just looked, but it got even worse when she turned back around and watched as her own pussy lips turned a deep pinkish color and parted open from the frantic contact from her fingers while her legs were open like that.
The way that the video looked, it seriously seemed like Emma was arousing herself on purpose for her audience.
The video then moved to the last part, where she sloppily backflipped off of the tree branch and ran over to the fruit basket. Poor Emma then watched as her past self deep-throated a banana for the entertainment of her entire high school class. With the noises Emma was making, and how deeply she shoved it in, the entire display looked intentionally slutty.
When the video ended, Emma sat down on the ground shaking. She looked up at Lara and said, "My friends... they got me blackout drunk and did that to me. In front of the BOYS! In front of DEVIN EVEN! I'll never be able to look any of them in the eye ever again. And they FILMED IT ALL! I... I can't believe it. Why would they do this to me?"
Lara looked confused, "So wait... you don't remember that at all?"
Emma shouted, "NO! They never even told me about any of it. I barely remember the party at all because I got so sick from drinking so much. How did YOU get that video?"
Lara then placed her hand on Emma's shoulder before softly telling her, "Honey... somebody has been sending the link to this picture and video archive of you over Instagram all over the dorms. I only looked at a few of them before I came to ask you about it, but it's bad. Some of the pictures show more than the monkey video did!"
Emma had tears going down both cheeks, "All over the dorms? You mean everyone here is going to see that? Going to see me naked and acting like a monkey? Oh my God... no..."
Emma was horrified. She had gone to college specifically to stop being known as the dumb girl who humiliated herself all the time. Now, however, she had just done the stupidest thing of her life, and humiliated herself worse than ever. Now every single friend, peer, and likely even teacher from both her hometown and her new home on the dorms will see her for what she's always been, what she's always been ashamed of most: The stupid girl.
There was no way out for her now, as both of her two homes now had videos and pictures of her naked and making a fool of herself in public. She had gone to college in the hopes that somehow, some way, higher education would transform her from the stupid girl into someone intelligent, someone respected for her mind instead of ridiculed for it. Sadly... it did not.