This is a Part 9 of the Bernadette's Website series
Penny was on her own website checking to see how her newest video, co-starring her father and brother, was doing. Clicks and membership were up. Then she surfed over to Bernadette's website to see if she had added any new content.
"That fucking bitch!"
"Now what," Leonard asked.
"That cunt is trying to do some kind of sad little gonzo bang bus thing. Oh, and look who's driving the sad little short bus." She looked at Leonard.
"What?!"
"You like her big tits, don't you?"
He shook his head. "Nooooooooo. Who would like those?"Me! I do! I do! I do!
"Fucking liar. Right there you are fucking the shit out of 'em!"
"True enough."
"I can't believe you're helping the competition."
"Hey! You're bangin' her husband in your videos! Hell, you're fucking all my friends!"
"Fair point." She paused, then gave Leonard a determined look. "I'll show that bitch how to do a gonzo bang bus video!"
Leonard rubbed his forehead. "Awwwwww, shit."
Two weeks later, Penny found herself on a public transportation bus. It was 5 o'clock on a Friday. The bus was full of men and women in business attire going home for the weekend. Penny was in the middle of it all wearing a short, slinky sundress covered in pastel flowers. Its hem didn't come close to reaching mid-thigh. The dress was missing its back. Her tan skin that wasn't covered by her long blonde hair was exposed all the way to just above the crack of her luscious ass. The material was so thin that when the sun hit it right it was almost transparent. Leonard stood behind her, pressed into her coconut-smelling body. Today they were using their new GoPro camera mounted to a selfie stick. He held the camera up and panned around, making sure to give the future viewers a feel for just how full the bus was.
Leonard was nervous. "Are you sure you want to do this?" he whispered in her ear.
"Are you kidding? I'm sopping wet already! Relax!"
"Well, I don't like it."
"Oh balls! Who the fuck are you kidding? I can feel your fucking hard-on pressing into my ass already."
"Yeah...well...it's got a mind of its own."
"What're you waiting for?! Let's go already!"
"Fine."
He swung the camera around in front of her. The only view in the camera was from her shoulder to mid-stomach. With his free hand, he reached through her dress. She squeaked when he pinched and twisted an erect nipple. He massaged and squeezed the firm globe. He pulled his hand out just briefly, then slid the material at her side forward, exposing her breast. She held onto the silver rail, surrounded by strangers, while he continued to paw at her flesh.
Penny reached behind her and expertly unzipped Leonard's pants. He started to swing the camera around wildly but controlled, in true gonzo style, trying to catch as much of the action as possible while, at the same time, not cracking an innocent bystanders skull.
She reached into his pants and deftly pulled out his huge, stiff boner. His persistence is what got him into her bed. His beef stick is what ultimately won her over. He shivered when she wrapped her long, thin fingers around his veiny shaft and began to stroke it.
Leaving her breast exposed, he ran his hand down her taut stomach. Like a spider pulling in its prey, he inched the bottom of her dress up with his fingers until it was balled in his hand. She yiped, then bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes when his finger brushed across her raised button.
He ran his finger along her slit. "Wow, you really are soaked!"
"I told you. GAK!" A louder than desired bark slipped through her lips when he stabbed her gash with his middle finger.
He pumped one, then two, fingers in and out of her while he rubbed her angry kernel with his thumb. Her grip on his handle tightened. Her strokes became more deliberate.
She leaned back into him. "Holy crap on a cracker, you're gonna make me cum already," she whispered.
He chided her. "You're gonna cum already? While I finger fuck you? Right here in the middle of a crowded city bus?"
"Ohmagawd, yes," she moaned.
"Maybe you really are the slut everyone says you are." He already knew she was.
"Ohmagawd, yes. And then some," she purred. She lifted the back of her skirt, exposing her heart-shaped ass. "Stick it between my legs. I want to feel your cock between my legs." He did as told and began to gently rock his hips. The top of his thick rod brushed along the bottom of her slit. "Oh fuck yes, that's it right there. Oh fuck, you're gonna make me cum," she quietly moaned.
He ran circles around her vibrating clit with his thumb. It felt like a tuning fork. "So what's stopping you, slut?" he whispered as he pulled her closer.
"I...I...I don't know," she panted. "Guhfuck!" she blurted out when he pressed his thumb down. Her body began to twitch. "Oh fuck...oh fuck...ohhhhhhh fuck," she moaned while the orgasm rumbled through her. He continued to pump her with his fingers and thump her with his thumb. She finally grabbed his hand and tugged on it. "Okay. Okay. Stop. Stop!"
He withdrew his hand from under her dress and held his shiny fingers in front of her flushed face. She pulled them close and wrapped her lips around them. She swirled her tongue and sucked them hard. She finally pulled his hand back. His clean fingers exited with a "pop".
He nuzzled into her neck. "You seemed to enjoy that."
"That was fucking awesome," she cooed. She twisted her head to look at him. Her eyes sparkled. "Now it's your turn."
Once again, she gripped the pole and bent at the waist ever so slightly. Leonard once again panned the camera around to show the crowded bus, then went back to focusing on the task at hand. He lifted her skirt and slipped under it. His bulbous head slid along the length of her gash.
She turned her head. "I want you inside me. I want that fat cock inside me," she whirred.
He leaned in. The very tip slipped in. "Are you sure?"
She nodded. "Mmmmmhmmmm." She squeaked when the head pierced her.
He gave her a crooked grin. "How much do you want?"
She moaned when he slowly slid half of his mast in. "All of it. I want every inch of that fat fucking cock of yours. GAHfuck!" He unexpectedly threw his hips forward. No one noticed. "Oh, you motherfucker," she said, almost laughing.
"Jesus Christ, Penny, you're so tight!"
"That's because you're so fucking big!" He grabbed her hip with one hand while he filmed with the other. "That feels so fucking good," she moaned as he rotated in and out of her still throbbing honey hole.
It was time to move on to the next part of her plan. Much to his surprise, Leonard found himself getting excited about what he thought would come next.
The man to her right jumped when Penny's hand brushed the inside of his thigh. He turned to look over his shoulder. "Huh? Guh!" he croaked and lifted onto the balls of his feet when her hand cupped his balls through his suit pants. "What the..." He turned to look over his shoulder again. He spied a smiling Penny. He caught movement out the corner of his eye. He adjusted his focus. Leonard had a devilish look. The stranger saw the slight movements of Leonard's hips. "What the...Oh!" Penny wrapped her hands around the quickly growing bulge in his suit pants. She ran her hands along his zipper. She began to pull it down. The man looked down at his crotch in shock. "Huh?!" He looked over his shoulder again.
Penny winked at him. "Why don't you turn around here, Sweetie?"
"Huh? Oh...uh...yeah...okay."
He was a good looking man in a suit and tie. She guessed mid-30s. A wedding ring on one hand and a briefcase in the other. His jaw dropped when her hand slipped inside his pants. His heart stopped when she pulled the band of his underwear down. He gasped when her fingers wrapped around his stiff manhood.
She pulled out a perfectly average, rock hard penis. She licked her lips and looked at the stranger.
"Mmmmmm, very nice. Did I make you hard, Sweetie? Is this my fault?"
He was still quite unsure of what was going on. "Well, uh, yeah. I guess."
"Well then, let me see if I can fix this." She bent at the waist.
"Oh fuuuuuuuuck!" he moaned when she took him into her mouth and straight down her throat.
Bending over gave Leonard better access. He drove forward harder. Each thrust forward drove the stranger deeper into her face.
The man to their left felt the disturbance behind him. When he turned to see what was going on, he saw the back of Penny's head with a hand on it buried in a man's crotch. That man had a look of pure ecstacy on his face, with his head slightly tilted back and his eyes softly shut. "What the..." the man muttered. He turned further and spotted Leonard smiling back at him, a camera in one hand and a handful of hip on the other. "What...what the..." He looked at Leonard in disbelief. "What the fuck?"
"Care to join in?"
"Seriously?"
Leonard smiled. "What do you think?"
The man surveyed the situation. Without a word, he unzipped his dress pants and pulled out a short, flaccid penis. He grabbed Penny's hand off the vertical rail and brought it to his groin. Without hesitation, she wrapped in her hand and started to tug on it.
"Fuuuuuuuuck," the man moaned.
Soon, several men had surrounded Penny with penis' withdrawn. One strap slipped down her arm, then the other. The top half of her dress hung from her waist. What felt like a thousand sets of hands were roaming Penny's exposed skin. Penny was alternating between blowing the original man on her right to the second man on her left. Her body began to tense. Her breathing came harder. Her moans grew louder.
"Oh shit! I...I think she's gonna cum!" The original man announced to the crowd, who cheered.
Leonard nodded. "Oh yeah! She's clamping down on me like a vise grip!"
"Come on, bitch! Cum while you suck my cock!" the man on the left growled. He grabbed the back of her head and through his hips into her face hard.
"Mmmmmmmm! Mmmmmmhmmmmm! Mmmmm! Mmmmm! Mmmmmmfffffkkkkkk!"
Her body began to visibly spasm. The attacks on her holes only quickened, along with her heart rate. The man surrounding her made their own observations.
"Look at her go!"
"What a fuckin' cunt!"
"She loves it!"
"I'm next, goddammit!"
While her fireworks were still going off, Leonard went off script. Penny grunted when he backed out of her. He grabbed her dress at the waist, pulled it across her spectacular ass, and let it fall to the ground around her ankles.
SMACK! She gave a muffled yipe when his palm raked across a cheek.
Leonard grinned at the men and stepped forward. "You think she's a slut now? Watch this."
Penny's opened a little wider when Leonard's glossy tip touched her spasming rosebud. "Hmmmm?" She felt pressure. "Hmmmm?!" His bulbous head slipped pasted her sphincter. Her head launched out of the man she'd been sucking groin. "Gah!" Leonard's hips landed on her. "Fuck!"
The gathered men gasped.
"Oh shit!"
"Ohhhhhhhh!"
"Look at that! Oh fuck!"
Leonard gave the men a devilish smile. "She loves it in the ass." SMACK! YIPE! "Don't you, Penny?"
"Oh fuck! I do! Go ahead! Fuck my ass, you fat cocked bastard!" Leonard began to swing his hips back and forth, gaining speed with each rotation.
"Give it to her!"
"Fuck that bitch's ass!"
"Save some for me!"
The original man to her right grabbed her long, blonde hair and shoved her back onto his throbbing tool.
"Oh fuck! Cumming! Cumming! Fuuuuuuuck!"
Her mouth flooded with the man's thick seed. She sucked and swallowed as hard and as fast as she could, but it was no use. Streams slipped from her lips and pooled on the floor at the man's feet.
His nutsack drained, the man backed away. "Fuck me," he panted. "She sucks dick like a pro."
Another man shoved him aside and took his place. Penny immediately sucked him down her throat. "Oh fuck!" he moaned.
"Gah FUCK!" Without warning, the man in her left hand erupted. His stream shot up her left arm, all the way to her elbow. A second and third spurt made it as far as her wrist and slid down the sides. When she released him he stepped back, shook his wand at her twice, and muttered "Un-fucking-believable."
The scene on the opposite side repeated itself, with another move elbowing him out of the way and dropping his hard wood into her waiting hand.
Leonard's hips began to stutter. "Penny, are you ready? Hmmmm? Are you ready?" he asked as sweat rolled off his face onto her ass.
Penny had almost forgotten it was Leonard back there. Her eyes slid to view the familiar, twisted face. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
Leonard grimaced down at her. "Ready? Huh? Ready, cunt? Huh? Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Ggggaaaahhhhhh!"
She felt his warmth shoot deep into her cavity. His skin slapped against hers as he emptied his contents into her waiting body.
Content that he had done his job, Leonard backed away. He slapped his still throbbing beast on her ass, sending white droplets up her back. SMACK!
The men looked at the stream oozing out of her gaped hole.
"Holy shit!"
"He wrecked her fucking ass!"
"She took that whole thing? Jesus Christ!"
"Ahhhhhhhh fuck!" A rope of white rose up from the crowd and landed in the middle of her back, eventually sliding down and settling in the small of her back. "Shit!"
"My turn!"
Leonard had barely pulled out when another stiff rod filled the space. Penny grunted at the new intrusion.
One man leaned into Leonard while the man stroked himself. "Hey, did I hear you call her Penny?"
"Yeah, why?"
"Is that...is that Penny from Penny's Playhouse? I see you're recording this."
Leonard nodded. "One and the same."
"No shit?! I thought all that stuff was staged! You know, fake."
Leonard shook his head. "Nope."
"Ho-ly shit! I don't believe it! I'm gonna fuck Penny from Penny's Playhouse! The guys won't believe it!" He paused. "Are you gonna post this on her website?"
Leonard nodded. "That's the plan."
"Ho-ly shit!"
That's how the next 90 minutes went, one man after another having their way with Penny. She lost count of how many orgasms she had or how many men she had satisfied. Leonard knew it was at least two dozen.
The now near empty bus rolled to a stop at their bus stop for the umpteenth time. Leonard picked up her crumpled, dirty dress from the floor of the bus and threw it over her head. The light material stuck to her body like it was glue. Every inch of her body had a least of fleck of cum on it, most of it much more than that.
Leonard wrapped his arm around the wait of Penny's exhausted body and helped her wobbly legs stumble down the stairs of the bus.
"That...that was...incredible," she sighed.
"Are you okay?"
"I...I'm sore as hell! Ha! But I'm fine. How about you? You okay with seeing your girlfriend getting used as a cumdumpster?"
"Surprisingly, yes. I think my brain is justifying it as that was Penny from Penny's Playhouse and not Penny my girlfriend."
"That...that's a good way to look at it. My pussy won't be able to tell the difference between the two though. Ha!" She paused. "Speaking of, do you think the guys on my website will like it?"
"Are you kidding me?! They're going to love it! You might break the internet!"
"Good. That's good." She took a breath. "I hope Bernadette sees it, that bitch. Top that, you fat titted cunt!"