Continued from Katie and Paul Part 5...
It was the day after the Hen Party, a Sunday. Paul had picked me up from Claire's earlier after I'd spent the night. I'd seen his eyes perk up when he saw Claire at her home.
"So, how was last night then?" he asked inquisitively.
"Pretty normal average night, from what I can remember," I replied.
"Yeah, whatever!" he said, laughing. "None of you got up to anything?"
Paul knew I'd tell him. We told each other everything, it's what made us a great couple. If something was bothering either of us, we'd talk calmly and work out a solution.
"I know we drank lots, I lost count of how many places we went in, oh, and we ended up in that dirty men's club."
Paul knew exactly where I was referring to.
"So there were some filthy antics then after all?" he grinned as he said it.
"Well Alison, the bride-to-be, was dirty dancing with a guy so raunchily that they looked like they were fucking without taking their clothes off, and I may well have stripped down to my undies and pole danced for most of the club. A normal average night like I said."
"You left your undies on, that was quite conservative of you," Paul exclaimed.
I continued, "And to top the night off, I slept in Claire's bed with both of us naked all night."
"Way to make me jealous, you know I've fancied Claire for ages," he teased.
"You and everyone else who's ever met her!"
We arrived home and Paul couldn't wait to get his hands all over me. We had about two hours of full and oral sex our favourite way, bringing each other close to orgasm but then stopping. Paul had a signal for when he couldn't hold out much longer and was going to come, to either tap me on the shoulder or hip, depending on what position we were in.
We'd ended up in the bedroom, which made a change for us. Paul lay on the bed with his feet dangling off the bottom edge, and I stood on the floor and lowered myself onto him. Paul always likes me in the reverse cowboy position, and this leaves me hands-free. I used them to alternate between pulling at my nipples or playing with my clit. Paul tapped my hip which was my cue to rub faster. Paul came just has my orgasm ripped through my body and I screamed out really loudly, my orgasm forcing me to clamp my pussy on his cock, until he had completely filled me with his load.
As my body relaxed I thought I'd seen a flash of light. I hadn't noticed when we came into the bedroom, but Paul had opened both of our full-length windows. Surely our neighbours must have heard me coming. I saw another flash of light and realised where it was coming from. Geoff's house.
I eased myself off Paul and sauntered onto our balcony. Paul lifted himself up onto his arms to watch. I looked down towards Geoff's house, just as he took another picture. He wasn't happy with just watching and masturbating now, he'd upgraded to photos too. I looked straight at him, dropped my gaze slightly, and saw his big fat cock staring at me. My pussy tingled looking at it. I casually waved at Geoff, he was dumbstruck but waved back. I could feel Paul's load about to drip out of me, so I turned so my arse was facing Geoff, and showed him my creampie.
I went and wiped myself off, and went back to lying on the bed next to Paul.
"Oh, I need to show you a website," I told Paul. "Claire showed it to me this morning."
"You trying to make me jealous again?" asked Paul. He started laughing, "Or do you mean she showed you the website this morning?"
He got up and wandered to his office, and returned with his laptop. He opened up the web browser and handed it over to me. I typed in the web address, found the Pizza Girl profile, and showed him the pictures. He instantly knew it was me, and when they were taken, even before seeing the profile name.
"Everything is anonymous, so nobody can tell it is me," I told him.
I explained in detail how Claire had told me how the website works, and how they'd found out about it.
"Why do Claire and Pete go on there, to leave comments?" Paul said.
"You'll like this bit," I told him, finding their profile. I clicked on the name and handed the laptop back to him.
"Holy shit, she's fucking beautiful," he blurted out. He wasn't lying, as his cock twitching like mad had told me what he thought of seeing her naked.
"I need to tell you something else, I know you won't tell anyone," I said.
I clicked on the comment on their profile that Claire had shown me, then explained about the building. Paul knew where I meant. I told him, in great detail, about their Gloryhole experience, and their previous public escapades. When I got to the part about Claire taking that big black cock up her, and Pete allowing it, I stroked his cock for him. Paul's cock jerked in my hand, I really thought he was going to come again.
He looked shocked. "I thought they had a no fucking others agreement like us?" He asked.
"Well Pete basically told her the chances of her ever getting a chance to fuck a twelve-inch cock were very slim, and he was there recording, so he relented and agreed. I think that was very good of him, to be honest."
"So are you saying that if you get the chance to fuck a big cock, you'd want me to be okay with it?" he asked.
"Not really, I wouldn't go out of my way to find one especially. Put it this way, if you had the chance to fuck someone who made your cock erect in seconds, I'd allow it. Like Claire for instance."
His cock twitched again just mentioning her name.
"You'd let me fuck Claire?" he asked.
"If I was there, yes. And of course, if Claire said yes too," I replied.
He lay there thinking about it and then smiled.
"Ok, as long as we don't go out of our way to find someone else, and we're there at the time, it's worth thinking about," he said.
"I have an idea," I told him. "How about if I phone around the girls, and see if they want to come over for drinks tonight. Claire won't say no, as Pete is away anyway, she may even stay over."
"Are you sure?" he asked.
"Well I've shown off to your friends, maybe you could 'accidentally' show off to mine now," I giggled.
Paul agreed, but wouldn't tell me what his plan for the evening was. He asked if Claire would definitely come over, and would I need to sweet-talk her. I then told him as she'd poured out her sexy secrets to me, I'd also told her about Paul's friends, the train journey and Sarah from the shoe shop, Geoff and his massive cock and my dildo show, and finally about the pizza delivery itself. I left out the part about the fancy dress party. We spoke about everything, but that taboo subject was out of bounds.
"Have you tried logging into the profile?" Paul asked. He'd been reading the comments.
"No," I said. "He must have set up the account, hence the name. Paul clicked on the login section, typed Pizza Girl for the username, and pizzagirl for the password. It worked. Paul smirked. He clicked to change the password and did so. Now the driver wouldn't be able to access it.
"You go and phone the girls, I'm going to look through some pictures and video and see if I can find some more pictures to upload."
I left him to it and went to phone around. Claire said she'd be up for it, and she couldn't wait to see Paul in the flesh again. Those exact words, I hadn't even told her what we'd planned and her answer seemed like she had read my mind. She also agreed to sleep over to save going home alone. Alison, the bride to be, agreed to come also, she didn't have work the next day. Her friend Beth who had also been at the hen party with us would join us, she'd phone her to tell her. A few of the others cried off due to still feeling drunk from the night before, but Becky also agreed to come. She was Alison's workmate. Five girls in all, I hoped Paul had a special treat for them. Alison, Beth, and Becky all lived close to each other, but on the opposite side of the city from Claire, so they'd make their way over separately.
Paul turned the laptop towards me. He'd uploaded six new pictures, all from the train journey. It will put a new perspective to the profile, seeing you with an old man, he explained. My pussy tingled awaiting the comments to that set.
"Are you sure you'd be ok with me sleeping with Claire?" Paul asked. He'd timed asking me on purpose seeing me squirm with excitement looking at the new uploads.
"Sure, we've agreed," I told him. "Actually, I have an even better idea. You can fuck any of the girls tonight, as long as it's just tonight, on one condition."
He looked shocked at my suggestion. His twitching cock said otherwise. "What condition?" he asked.
"I'm booking our holiday abroad this year. Three weeks. find out from work when you can get the time off, and I'll book it."
"You only want to book our holiday? What's the catch?" he asked.
"Not telling, you'll have to wait and see!" I exclaimed.
I needed to do my research on where the best nudist beaches would be and to keep it a surprise from Paul.
The girls were to arrive around 6 pm. We didn't want to make it too late as Becky and Beth had work the next day. I laid on some nibbles and a few sandwiches and spread them out on a table in our kitchen. Claire arrived first, I hadn't seen Paul for around thirty minutes before she turned up. We started idle gossiping, Claire asked if Paul had asked about the night before. I told her about our conversation, including showing him the website and both profiles. I also told her he'd changed the password on 'our' profile and uploaded some more pictures. She looked equally pleased with waiting for them to be published, as she was knowing how excited Paul had been at seeing her.
The other girls turned up, and we cracked open the wine. Beth was a very skinny blonde, about the same height as me, and by own admission barely B cup breasts. However, her arse was to die for, perfectly round. Becky was also blonde but taller, and although she described herself as fat or chubby, she had quite a flat stomach so I'd describe her as curvy. She had amazing 38D breasts. The V neck top she was wearing did them justice. Thirty minutes in and we'd almost finished bottle number three.
We'd all be drunk by 9 pm at this rate. Lucky Paul, I thought. I raised my glass, asked for quiet, and told the girls "What happens in this house tonight, stays in this house tonight." Loud cheers and wolf whistles went out and got louder as I turned and stuck my tongue down Claire's throat.
Claire had come dressed in a black cocktail dress that looked painted on. Alison told her she felt underdressed as she was wearing jeans and a T-Shirt, and Claire told her she looked good. Alison thanked her and said she was amazed that you couldn't see any signs of underwear at all under the dress. Claire responded by lifting her dress up around her neck, showing off her naked pussy and braless tits. Alison laughed and tweaked Claire's nipples. Claire left the dress up a little longer than was needed.
A little later Claire approached me.
"What do you have planned that needs to go no further than these walls then? It must be something dirty or you'd have worded it differently," she said.
"I honestly don't know," I replied. "I haven't seen Paul since about 5 pm."
"On my god, he's upstairs filming isn't he?" she gasped in as low a voice as possible so the others wouldn't hear.
She looked around the room, looking for a camera. She went by the sofa, seemed to survey the room, then walked towards the vase. She turned back to me with disappointment. She walked over and grabbed my hand, leading me towards the stairs, and pulled me up with her.
"Which one is the office room?" she whispered.
I pointed it out, and she went in, with me close behind. I was as shocked as her when Paul wasn't in there. she looked around the room to see if he was hiding, but couldn't find him. I did notice however that the laptop didn't appear to be closed properly. the top was down but not fully.
We went back down to the others to find Alison crying, Becky and Beth were trying to console her, but she could hardly get her words out between the sobbing. I took Alison's hand and told her we'd go and sit in the bedroom for a while until she regained her composure. Hopefully, I could get her to talk to me too.
I told the others to carry on, went upstairs, and sat Alison on my side of the bed by my pillows. I sat next to her and put my arms around her, her head resting on my shoulder, telling her I was there if she needed to get something off her chest. She'd stopped crying, and I gave her a box of tissues to wipe her eyes.
"I've got something you can have, this will cheer you up," I told her. I opened my underwear drawer, and her eyes lit up.
"Oh boy, you have a lot of sexy undies. Paul is very lucky to see you in those," she said.
"They're not just for Paul. They're actually quite comfortable, and they make me feel good about myself wearing them." I explained.
I fished around in the drawer and found out an old blue garter belt. I handed it over to her, telling her it could either be her Something Borrowed, or Something Blue. She started crying again.
She stopped long enough to tell me it was her hormones. I looked puzzled, and she admitted the reason she was getting married was that she was pregnant. She and Mark, her boyfriend, didn't want to, but Alison's parents were quite strict and had told Mark's parents it was the right thing to do. They'd agreed, and the two sets of parents had arranged a date without consulting Mark or Alison.
"Getting married isn't so bad," I said, although Paul and I had never spoken about it at all.
"It's ok for you and Claire," she answered, "Your boyfriends are great. Don't get me wrong, we have good sex, but a lot of the time Mark would rather get it over with so he can go back to what he was doing before, even if it means not making me come. He's good to me, but not the man I wanted to marry, and not by 22 years old either."
Alison was a similar shape to me, slightly taller and more of a stomach, so her tits and ass weren't as pronounced as mine.
"I wish I could feel good wearing sexy undies," she said. As she spoke she leaned forward and opened the drawer again, only this time she opened the drawer underneath. All of my toys were now on show, and her eyes nearly shot out of her head.
"Oh my god, you're a dirty girl aren't you?" she giggled.
She reached in and started looking through them. She reached in and pulled out the lifelike butt plug, and stroked it while almost purring. She admired the jewelled end. She replaced it and pulled out the suction dildo.
"Oh my, does this really fit up you?" she asked, astonished.
"Yeah, it's actually modelled from Paul's cock, it's an exact replica."
"I'm really jealous, and very wet. I can only imagine having a cock that size up me every time I had sex!" She gripped the dildo tightly and pretended to rub her pussy with it through her jeans.
"God it's turning me on just holding it and still being clothed, you're so lucky."
She had tears coming from her eyes again, not quite crying but she looked very emotional. I put my arms around her again and hugged her. Her hands went to my breasts, squeezed them, and she leaned into me and put her tongue in my mouth. I reciprocated and our tongues entwined. I started to tweak her nipples, then put my hands on her shoulders and pushed her away.
"I'm sorry, I don't know what came over me," she cried out.
"It's not a problem, let's blame the hormones, but I think we'd better rejoin the others downstairs again," I replied.
We went downstairs and mingled with the others. I saw Alison talking to Beth and Becky together, and they all looked over at me at the same time. Beth and Becky both stuck their thumbs up to me and smiled. I assume Alison had told them about my undies and toys collection. Probably talk of the conversation would have been about my eight-inch suction dildo modelled on Paul's cock.
Shortly after they plucked up the courage to come over to me, and asked if they could see it, both very excited. I played dumb.
"See what?" I asked.
"Paul's cock dildo," they both said, simultaneously.
I was about to try to change the subject when Paul walked into the room. The room went deadly silent, every one of us girls stopped talking and stared. Paul looked like he had been showering, he only had a towel wrapped around his waist, fastened at the side of his hip by it being tucked in. His cock was quite visible, the towel not doing much to hide the shape of it. Paul had another smaller towel in his hands, he was using this to dry his hair. The towel hung down in front of his face, so he was seemingly oblivious to his audience. The top half of his body hadn't been completely dried, beads of water still clung to him
"Hey babe," he called out from under the towel, "Have you ironed my shirt and trousers for work tomorrow yet?"
He stopped rubbing his hair dry and moved the towel, and noticed five open mouths, and five different women all staring at him, speechless. I knew what we had planned for the evening, but hadn't expected him to arrive almost naked from the get-go.
"Oh, erm, hi girls," he stammered, "I'd forgot you guys were coming tonight."
"We'll be coming soon enough if you spending the evening like that!" I shouted. The girls all started giggling after that, they probably didn't know how to react.
Becky and Beth looked at each other, nodding towards his towel, and giggled to each other. Alison couldn't stop staring. Claire got up and walked over to him, turned her back on him, and brushed her arse across the front of the towel, and quickly stepped sideways. Paul's cock twitched and jerked upwards, and she laughed.
"You ever fancied modelling Paul?" she asked, "You have a decent body."
"Erm not really," he replied.
She looked at me, and I read her mind. I smiled and nodded at her.
"Well now's your audition. Ladies, get your phones on camera mode."
She turned side on and put a hand across his chest. His cock twitched again. She looked at me and said, "I see what you mean, he can't keep his cock still while thinking about me."
We all started taking pictures, Beth got a bit braver and started directing, telling them both how to pose. She kept looking at me to make sure I was ok with it, but as I kept agreeing with her shouts, she knew it was fine.
"Put your hand down in front of his cock," she cried out.
Claire didn't need encouragement, making sure she brushed his cock while doing so. We took a few pictures, then she crouched down so her head was level with his cock. She turned him to be facing her, and put her tongue out. She was touching his head now, just the towel between them. I heard a sound, turned, and saw Alison with her hand in her jeans. Paul wasn't the only one enjoying himself.
Claire went to move Paul again, put her hand on his side, and knocked where the towel was tucked in. It came undone and slid to the floor. Paul's cock jumped upwards. Claire turned to face us and rested his semi-erect cock on her shoulder. Next, she turned her head and put the end of his cock in her mouth.
Collective gasps went around the room. Despite what I had said, I don't think any of them expected anything to happen.
Paul then said, "This isn't very fair, I'm the only one naked."
Claire removed his cock from her mouth, stood up, and peeled off her dress, throwing it towards the kitchen. Paul's cock twitched again seeing her naked now, and he started stroking it. Claire moved his hand and started stroking him herself. she got him fully erect, slid his cock between her tits, and used them to wank him off. Paul threw his head back in delight.
I turned to the girls. Alison had removed her jeans and knickers by now and slid to the floor, there was already a pool of her juices on our laminate flooring. Beth had her tongue down Becky's throat and was squeezing her massive tits, Becky had her hand up Beth's skirt, Beth's knickers were on the floor at the side of the sofa.
I stood up and peeled off all of my clothes, and once naked, coughed loudly so everyone stopped what they were doing.
"This is tame," I said, looking at Claire and Paul. "The girls are ignoring you, they've stopped taking pictures. You need to up your game."
Everyone started looking at each other, and I approached Claire and Paul. I grabbed a chair from the kitchen, and Paul nodded to put it in line with the sofa. I thought I knew why, but kept quiet. I made him sit on the chair, facing the sofa and wanked his cock to erection. It only took a couple of strokes. Keeping hold of his cock, I made Claire face the sofa too, backed her up, and sat her down, using my hand to guide Paul's cock into her pussy. I didn't even check, I knew her pussy would be more than soaked enough to accommodate him.
Paul groaned as Claire took his entire length, and stopped with it fully embedded in her. I went in front of her, knelt down, and licked at her clit. She cried out with pleasure, and Paul jumped. She started to ride his cock slowly while pulling at her nipples.
"This party seems to have started now, carry on girls," I said, standing up again.
Becky and Beth sat on the sofa next to each other, mutually masturbating while watching Claire and Paul. They were both still clothed except for their discarded knickers, but both of their skirts were up around their waists. They seemed so comfortable together I wondered to myself if they had had previous encounters with each other. Neither of them had mentioned boyfriends either.
Alison had removed all of her clothes now, her breasts swung as she moved around the room, trying to take in as much of the action around her. Suddenly she rushed for the stairs and ran upstairs. I thought she may have started crying so went to follow her. I reached the bottom of the stairs just as she started running back down, the suction dildo in her hands. She moved past me, trying to get as much of the dildo in her mouth. She was struggling.
She placed the suction part onto the laminate floor right in front of Claire and Paul. She rubbed her pussy, getting her fingers as wet as possible, to lube the dildo up. She also used Claire's juices that were running down her legs, brushing both Claire's pussy and Paul's balls as she did so. When she thought both her and the dildo were wet enough, she knelt down and started to slide it into her pussy. She looked behind and saw me staring.
"If Claire is getting the real Paul cock, I want the pretend one," she pleaded.
I responded by walking over to her, kissed her fully on the mouth, and then grabbed her hips to help her accommodate it. It took a while but she eventually could manage the whole length, her pussy was soaked but still so tight. When she had got it all impaled in herself, she looked at me, smiled, and clapped herself. I've never seen anyone so happy with an achievement in my life.
She started to ride the cock, while staring at Paul's cock sliding in and out of Claire. They were still in the same position, Claire still riding slowly like she wanted the experience to continue for as long as possible. Alison leaned forward and tongued Claire's clit. Claire cried out in pleasure and bit her lip. Paul's hands were tweaking at her nipples, and she was fully enjoying herself. I knelt behind Alison, and played with her large breast, massaging them like I was kneading bread.
I turned to look over my shoulder. Beth was on all fours now, but with her face on the floor, right where Alison had been sitting. Her perfect arse pointed upwards. Her tongue was out, trying to lick the juices from the floor. I say trying because Becky was knelt behind her, her massive tits on Beth's back. She was holding an empty wine bottle steady between her thighs, rubbing it on her clit, while thrusting the neck end into Beth's arse. Her other hand was almost invisible, she had all of her fingers inside Beth's pussy. Beth thrust back at her with each stroke, Each time Becky pushed forward her face was pushed through Alison's juices on the floor. There had definitely been some strap on action in the past for that couple.
I went over and fingered Becky from behind for a bit, then went back to Alison. I knelt behind her and whispered into her ear.
"Don't flinch too much, just relax. I'll be really gentle."
She nodded but had no idea what I was about to do. I rubbed my fingers along my pussy, took my middle finger, and started to lube up Alison's arsehole, just around the entrance. She jumped. I apologised for scaring her, and she told me she'd jumped because she liked it so much. I carried on lubing her up, inserting a little more finger each time. She'd stopped moving on the dildo now, concentrating on what I was doing while still trying to lick at Claire. Claire had also stopped riding Paul now, she was fully impaled on Paul's cock while they both watched me intensely.
I was sliding one finger into Alison's arse with ease now, and she was groaning like mad. She'd sat right down on the dildo now, and she turned back and asked me to insert another finger. I withdrew and added another finger, just a few thrusts with both and she came big time. With my two fingers stuck up her arse, she lifted herself off the dildo and her juices flowed onto the floor as she squirted. It was like a river. She looked like she'd wet herself, the floor was that wet. Her body shook so much I thought she was going to faint. She collapsed on the floor at the side of us, a very happy contented smile on her face.
Becky shouted over and asked if they could have a go with the suction dildo now.
"I knew I should have bought our strap-on with us," she said to Beth. they both turned to look at us four, realising what she'd said.
"Yes, we are a couple. We've only been seeing each other for a month though, so haven't told anyone yet," Beth said.
Alison cheered from the floor where she still lay.
"Yeah, about fucking time, I knew you two would be perfect together!"
I picked up the dildo and took it over to them. Beth took it off me, but instead of sticking it to the floor, lay Becky on her back, got into a 69 position, and thrust the dildo straight up her pussy. She hooked her spare arm around Becky's leg, Becky put the other leg up onto the sofa. Her pussy squelched like mad. Beth looked at me, and asked if I was going to be a spare wheel all night, or could she get some of that anal action?
I knelt behind her and used her juices to lube up her arse, Beth looked over her shoulder and told me to go straight in with all four fingers.
"I can take it, Becky loves fucking me anally with the strap-on," she explained.
I did as she asked and she was right, they slid in very easily. Becky reached her right hand out from beneath Beth and shoved four fingers into my pussy. Her left hand was doing the same to Beth. Beth took the dildo from Becky's pussy, inserted it into her arse, and licked her clit frantically. Beth came first, her juices flowing down her legs. Her arse clamped on my fingers. Becky quickly followed, her juices joining where the remains of Alison's were. They both tipped me over the edge, and my orgasm ripped through me too. We all lay there in a sweaty sticky mess.
I recovered enough to look over at Claire and Paul. Paul was still sat on the chair but Claire had turned around so she was facing him. Paul was licking and biting her nipples, alternating between each one, his hands on both hips, raising her, and slamming her back down onto his cock. Alison had got up and was knelt behind Claire, three fingers of her left hand were thrusting into Claire's arse, her right hand had reached around and was furiously rubbing Claire's clit. Claire looked like she was riding a bucking bronco, her head rolling from side to side as she screamed loudly. Alison rubbed her big nipples across Claire's back, Claire screamed even louder as her orgasm arrived. She rocked a bit until she regained herself, looked at Paul, and kissed him passionately.
"How have you not come yet?" she asked him.
I realised that Paul was the only one that hadn't yet come. I was impressed.
Claire raised herself off him, and Alison made him stand up. She stood herself, and backed onto him 'just so she could say the real thing had been up her'. That was her excuse anyway. She took the whole length in her pussy, thrust back a few times, then called Beth and Becky over. She reluctantly removed herself from Paul, and invited the two girls to 'try him for size'.
They went one better, and both backed onto him, Beth first, both taking him into arses. Both thrust onto him for about a minute only, when Paul tapped my shoulder. He looked straight at Becky's massive tits, and I read his mind. I asked her to kneel directly in front of him, Beth and Claire knelt on either side of her. Alison started to lick his cock, tasting all of our various juices of him, and I told her to carry on blowing him, but he wanted to come on Becky's tits.
She took as much of him in her mouth as possible, while I grabbed her hand and directed it to the base of his shaft. She started to wank him into her mouth, she found this easier than trying to deepthroat him, and soon she pulled away as he started to come. There was loads, I think he was trying to cover all of Becky's 38D tits with one load. Alison had carried on wanking him while he came, his cock was jerking and one lot splattered across Claire's face. Alison instantly leaned over and licked her face clean. Beth had started doing the same to Becky's tits, and Paul came in the back of her hair. I couldn't resist rubbing my clit at the sight in front of me, and I came again too.
I went to sit on the sofa, the others lay sprawled on the floor. There were sticky messes everywhere, the floor would need a serious clean. Beth eventually asked if she could shower before leaving, and I told her where the bedroom was to use the ensuite. She stood up and grabbed Becky's hand, motioning her to join her, to save time apparently. She also grabbed Alison and told her to join them. She looked delighted.
They went upstairs, and Claire looked over at me.
"Can I shower next, and where am I sleeping?" she asked.
Paul and I looked at each other, smiled, and I said "Our bed. You can't shower as we haven't finished with you yet!"