"Happy birthday my Darling," Sophia said as she handed Alfie his present, a large square flat package wrapped up in paper covered in coloured balloons.
Alfie sat up in bed and said,
"Wow that's big isn't it? Why don't you wait to give it to me this evening at the party?"
"Because my darling I think this one should be opened in private and anyway I would like you to open this one first as it is something you've always wanted." She kissed him on the lips and left the room to make coffee.
Alfie put on his glasses and sat looking at the coloured paper wondering what was in it; he did not want to open it until she had returned with some coffee. He lay back on the pillow and wondered what was in stall for him in the coming year, another birthday, but at least another year closer to retiring and returning to his beloved Algarve. They would be able to travel more and see some of the world that they had still to discover. Alfie thought to himself that as the years passed would his health deteriorate, would he enjoy sex and making love to Sophia still feel as good as it did now, stirrings were beginning to happen just thinking of Sophia and making love to her. Just then Sophia came back in the bedroom and walked over to the bed with a tray of coffee and some toast, jolting him out of his daydream.
"Haven't you opened it yet? Go on rip the paper off." She said with excitement in her voice
"I was waiting for you, I wonder what it could be?" he said but he had a fair idea as he felt around the edge of the paper.
"Is this a picture?" he said as he began to rip at the paper.
"Wait and see," was all Sophia would say with a coy smile showing at the side of her mouth.
After a layer of wrapping paper, then a layer of brown paper and then a layer of tissue paper, the painting was finally unwrapped and Alfie sat there with his mouth open, eyes wide and a broad grin on his face.
"That is fantastic, I love it, what a wonderful painting and a beautiful subject," he said as he tenderly touched the figure in the picture with his fingers and looked up at Sophia,
"Place in on the dressing table over there for me will you, so I can see it in full and in all its glory," he asked Sophia handing her the painting, she moved a couple of things and propped it up on the dressing table so that he could see it in full, he laid back on the pillows and feasted his eyes.
The painting was of his favourite person, his wife, she lay on a gold coloured chaise lounge, with her long flowing slightly greying hair spread out against the cushions that supported her back and enabled her large ample breasts to be shown at their best. The large tanned breasts with hard, erect nipples greeted Alfie and the colour and texture of the painting was so good that he could almost feel her tender soft skin and hard bulbs. Alfie's eyes moved down the shapely body, drinking in every inch of his loving wife's luxurious slightly tanned body, not bad for a woman of her age the thought to himself, she'd been sunbathing naked as much as she could over the past couple of months so her tan was all over. Seeing her just the way he had always wanted to, totally naked, laid outstretched with her body beckoning him to take her.
Around Sophia's waist was a long train of fine white lace fabric that draped over the back of the chair and came across the front of her body and landed on the floor. She was laid slightly on her side with her back resting against the back of the chair and one leg was bent upwards and the other bend over the side of the chair with her toes with painted red nails just touching the carpet. What Alfie saw next was amazing, he said, as he drank in the painting, revealed was Sophia's wonderfully shaved pussy and she was opening her lips to reveal her shiny, wet glistening clitoris with the fingers of her left hand.
Alfie looked over to Sophia with a large smile on his face and love in his eyes and Sophia could see that the picture had the desired effect as there was a large bulge growing all the time getting bigger just under the sheet that covered him.
"This is fantastic," he kept saying, looking from the painting and back to Sophia,
"Look at the detail" he said, he could see every detail of her body, her curves, a little wrinkle here and there, the stretch marks from the three wonderful children that they'd had and the pussy, well, he could not believe his eyes, how had the artist got so much of her clitoris, lips and opening of her love tunnel to show so much detail, he was curious but would ask later as he wanted to drink in more and more of her.
"I can see why you wanted me to open this in private." Alfie said as he looked up.
Sophia by this time was highly aroused and was feeling a little wet, her juices beginning to flow, watching him getting aroused and hard looking at the picture. She stood up from the bed and slowly dropped her nightie to the floor, revealing that body again with its curves and large breasts with erect nipples and Alfie know that he was in for another birthday treat. She slowly climbed on the bed and straddled Alfie, she removed one of his pillows and told him to lay back, relax and enjoy as she slowly started to rock backwards and forwards on his large, erect penis. He could feel the lips of her clit rubbing against his shaft and every now and then she would move to his tip, which gave him a fantastic sensation and he knew he would not be long in coming.
Sophia placed a small dab of massage oil onto the tip of her finger and rubbed it over the tip of his swollen cock and guided it to the edge of her wet, moist clit, she rubbed his penis on her clit for a couple of seconds and then slowly slid herself down his shaft, as she lent over and kissed him passionately on the lips. Alfie moaned and lifted his hips with delight as he fondled her breasts and squeezed her nipples between his fingers.
"Relax. Don't do a thing, I am in charge" She whispered as she began to rock back and forth on his long, hard cock.
She could feel it deep inside her, she could feel her clit rubbing against his skin and this made her rock a little faster and press a little harder trying to get as much of him inside of her as she could. They looked at each other as a wave of euphoria came over them and Sophia began to slid up and down, rock back and forth, slid up and down faster and faster, knowing that Alfie was about to explode, she stopped, sat back on her legs, put her hands back, stoked and played with Alfie's hard balls, he was moaning and whispering,
"Don't stop, this is fantastic."
As he looked up at Sophia, she had the look of a devil in her eyes as she squeezed his balls and gently rocked on his cock. It was time she thought to herself and with that began to ride Alfie like she would had ridden a stallion, up and down, back and forth, faster and faster until they both came with an explosion, she flung her head back and moaned, making soft noises in the back of the throat as she reached her climax just as Alfie lifted his hips to meet her coming down on him, his eyes were large and his nostrils flaring as he came with such force that they both stared at each other and smiled. As they slowly came down from their high, Sophia slowly moved up and down and rocked back and forth just so that they could finish slowly and calmly. She rolled off him and slumped against the pillows. Alfie rolled over to her and kissed her tenderly on the lips as he quietly said,
"If this is what it means to be heading towards retirement then bring it on."
"By the way how did you get the artist to stay focused painting you like that? I bet he couldn't control himself?" Alfie asked as he took a sip of the now lukewarm coffee.
"I'll let you into a little secret shall I? It was painted by a friend, a female friend, I hasten to add." Sophia continued
"She took a photograph of me opening my clit lips and added it after she had sketched the rest and that is all I am saying!" She smiled wickedly and kissed him once more.
"Happy Birthday, my love"