Rachel led me out of the sex store, hand in hand, and went to her car. She unlocked the door, and I held it while she got in, then walked around and got in the passenger door. I didn't know if we were going home or somewhere else.
She started the engine, and we drove a short way before pulling up behind an old movie theater. It had seen better days. There were only a few cars in the parking lot, and she locked the car and we walked through a side alley to the street. Around the front, I could see it was an adult theater, showing "XXX" movies. This was going to be interesting.
She suggested we could watch a movie, and I agreed. We bought tickets, and went into a run down old theater.
Rachel took her bag and headed to the ladies' room. She told me to go into the main theater, and she'd meet me in there.
The screening room itself wasn't too bad. There were a bunch of guys already in there, and there was some awful old porn movie playing, with two women screwing a single guy. I took a couple of seats right at the back, under the projector, and settled down to watch and wait.
I saw her come in, all lit up in the doorway as the door closed behind her, as did some of the other guys. It was bright in the foyer, so she was having trouble seeing me. I didn't wave to her or anything, so she was having to look around closely at every face looking at her now.
Finally she saw me, and came over. She dropped her bag on one side of me, then sat on the other side. She reached over and handed me a key chain thing, like a car key fob. I looked at it, not really sure what I was looking at.
"The vibrator's remote controlled," she whispered in my ear, and sat back to watch the screen.
I looked at the key fob thing, and pushed one of the buttons.
I heard her moan slightly, and watched her eyes close part way.
Over the next few minutes, I ran the vibrator up and down its speeds as I watched the screen. I was waiting for her to react for a while before changing anything. After a few minutes, she snuggled up against me, and I left it on the lowest setting. The arms between the seats were fixed, so that blocked us from doing anything too obscene.
She stroked my dick through my jeans, and we were kissing and watching the movie on and off. While I was pretty sure some of the guys were checking her out after they'd noticed her, nobody was coming over or overtly staring yet.
I undid a few of the buttons on her sweater and found out she'd taken her bra off. I cupped one of her tits and started tweaking the nipple. She stood up, took the sweater off and handed it to me, and I put it on the back of my seat. She stood there for a little while longer, then sat down again. Nobody had turned and seen her standing there topless.
We carried on making out, with me tweaking her nipples while playing with the vibrator control until it drove her to an orgasm.
She unbuttoned my jeans and fished my dick out. She leaned across the arm of the chair and sucked the head into her mouth and started swirling her tongue over it. She turned her head so she could watch the screen, and see anybody who came over to watch her. I carried on just watching the movie, and playing with her tits.
After a short while, a guy came over and sat next to her, watching us. Obviously she couldn't see him as he was behind her, so I pointed him out to her, and she sat up and took a look at him, then leaned back over to me and carried on sucking my dick softly. A few minutes later, I glanced over and he had his dick out, and was jacking it slowly, and occasionally looking at her. I bent down and kissed the side of her face and told her what was going on now.
She sat up again, and started to watch the guy jacking his dick. He reached out to touch her, and she took his hand and put it on her tit. He seemed quite rough, and she took his hand away. She licked her hand and reached over and took over jacking him off. He made quite a bit of noise when he came, and some of the others looked over at us. She wiped her hand on his pants, and the guy got up and left. She kissed me, then went back to gently sucking my dick.
A few minutes later, somebody sat down in the row in front of us, and she saw. She stopped teasing me to sit up and look at them. There were two guys, whispering together, obviously about her. I reached over and spread her legs with my fingers, and started rubbing her clit through her panties. She closed her eyes and put her head back and just got in to it. I used my other hand to tease her nipples.
Another couple of guys came and joined the row in front, and a guy came and sat in the seat next to her. When she opened her eyes again, there were five guys watching her, and she came. She sat there for a few minutes getting her breath back, then gave me a long passionate kiss.
The guy next to her had his zip down and was feeling his dick through his underpants. She undid his waist band button, and pulled his dick out. She leaned over and sucked his dick all the way in to her mouth for a few minutes, then sat up and started jacking him off. The guys in the row in front watched all this, and I saw them go from rubbing their dicks to undoing zips and buttons.
When the guy she was jacking off came, she turned forward and picked the youngest, and, I guess, best looking, guy from the row in front and pointed at him. He came around to our row, and replaced the guy in the seat next to her. That guy had moved down a seat, and sat there watching, still holding his dick.
She pulled the new guy's shirt up and off over his head, dropping it on the seat, then pulled his pants and underwear down to his ankles. His dick stuck out, pointing at her, and she had him sit down, then bent over and sucked him into her mouth. She sucked for a few minutes, then sat up and jacked him the rest of the way off.
The guy got up and dressed himself again, then moved back to the row in front. Rachel chose her next victim, and he came over to stand next to her. He had a drink with him, and he put that down in the cup holder for his seat. She again undressed him, and had him sit down. She reached over to his drink and rattled it. She took the lid off, and pulled out a couple of ice cubes, putting them in her mouth. He was feeling her tits while this was going on. She sucked him into her mouth, and he gasped at the sudden cold. After a few minutes, she sat up again and jacked him off until he came.
She turned back to me, stood up and told me she wanted me to fuck her. She pulled her skirt up and pulled her panties to one side. There was a small string hanging out of her pussy, and she grabbed it, pulling out the peanut shaped vibrator, putting it in her mouth to clean it before handing it to me.
She was facing forwards, and slowly settled down steering my dick straight into her. She moved up a bit, and pulled me to come with her, so I was impaling her from behind as she leaned on the row of seats in front. I lifted her skirt over her back and held her hips as I slowly stroked into her. I knew I wasn't going to last long with all her teasing. I watched her tell one of the guys in the row in front to strip off, and the other one to feel her tits. He quickly pulled his shirt off, and his pants down, and she sucked him for a few seconds to get his dick wet, and started jacking him off. I started cumming inside her, and she wiggled her butt as I did. When I pulled out, I put the vibrator back inside her, and pulled her panties back over her pussy.
She let go of the guy in front, and turned and sucked my dick into her mouth to clean it. He was jacking his dick while watching this, and when she was done with me, she turned back to him and took over jacking him off. It had been a few minutes, and the lights came up. The movie we hadn't been watching had ended. The guys in front seemed embarrassed by the lights and being seen, so she let go of the guy in front and said we should probably leave before they came and threw us out.
I stood up and fixed my jeans, and she stood there waiting for me. After watching most of the patrons leave, I gave her her sweater, and she put it on. On the way out, she said she wanted to go to the ladies' room and clean up a little, so I stood in the lobby and waited for her.
We walked back to the car, and set off towards home.