This is actually part of the first story I wrote. The chapters should be read in order in order to make sense. There are 11 chapters (so far) and they contain many themes of group sex, loving wives, incest, and exhibitionism. I will try to put them in the right categories.
You will notice that some of the chapters are almost duplicates of stories I've already published. That's because those stories were taken out of this one and edited to be stand alone pieces. They are:
Becoming a slut at my summer jobBecoming a hot momA girl needs comfortWatching the pool partyFriends and family miss the playoffs.
In this context they are part of a larger narrative. Here those stories are longer and contain other topics as well. Enjoy.
*****
Monday
I overslept and got to the office late. Only Julie and Amanda were there. Everyone else was out for the day. Julie said hi and that she had to tell me something but she had to make a phone call first. She went into her office. I was a little surprised at what she was wearing. It was a dress that she must have taken the lining out of. It was pretty much sheer. She had a cute thong on.
I wondered what Amanda thought. I then saw Amanda. Wow, she must have gone shopping again. She was had on a cami top and a skirt about one inch below her ass. I don't think she was wearing a bra. She said good morning.
"Wow, hot," I sad.
She blushed and said, "You really think so."
"Definitely," I said. "If the guys were here they'd be all over you."
She smiled. I took it another step. "Hell," I said. "I might have to throw you over a desk myself."
She giggled and said, "I've never been with a woman."
Ok, that was not what I expected. I didn't even know how to respond. I just said, "Well, watch yourself or it may happen."
She smiled and went to her office. I went to my desk. I wondered what she was wearing for panties. At that moment Julie appeared at my desk.
"I have to tell you what happened." She said
My mind flashed back to Saturday. I remembered the scene with her husband and parents on the phone. What was their reaction?.
She started to tell me. After our play in the conference room, they all cleaned up and finished the project. She said she was surprised it went so fast. Maybe sex really did clear your head. She left about 2 hours later. While driving home she realized her dad and mom were still at her house. She realized she'd been carried away in the moment and wondered what the consequences would be.
When she opened the door Glen, her dad, and mom were all in the living room. Her dad got up and started walking towards her. Her mom asked him what he was going to do.
"Do," he said. "I'm going to fuck the little slut."
She went on with her story. She was shocked. Her Dad didn't even wait for a response. He bent her over the back of the couch, pulled her dress up and panties down. He then pulled out his cock and started fucking her. Her mom and Glen just watched. They didn't say a thing, neither did he. He just fucked her over the couch. No one said a thing. She said she must have cum 3 times.
He finally came inside her. He just zipped up and said, "Let's have dinner." Like it never happened.
Her mom picked her panties up off the floor and put them in the laundry. Then they sat down and had a normal dinner. After that she didn't bother wearing clothes all weekend. Over the weekend he fucked her 3 more times. Always in front of mom and Glen. When he talked to her over the weekend he just called her "Slut".
"God that was hot," she said.
Sunday night her dad fucked her right before they left. Bent over the couch again. Glen immediately pulled her in the bedroom and started fucking her. He kept telling her how he loved his slut wife and how good her cunt felt filled with cum.
She looked at me and said, "What is it about you? I was never this slutty before. Now I think I'd fuck anyone who asked."
I wondered the same thing.
I sat down to work. Every time Amanda walked by I wondered what she was wearing under that skirt. Finally, I just asked her.
She smiled, pulled up the skirt to show me her bare pussy and ass, and said, "Nothing."
Now I was truly shocked. I would never have imagined Amanda shaved her pussy. I said that I thought that was a change for her. Then she floored me. She said she'd come by the office Saturday to pick something up. She heard the noise in the conference room, looked in and saw what was going on. She said she watched for 10 minutes and then, afraid of being caught, she left quietly. She said she spent the rest of the weekend horny as hell and mad at herself for not being brave enough to join us.
She knew none of the guys were in the office today, so she decided to try this out. She said she was very nervous because she wasn't as young and pretty as Julie and I. She wanted to try this out.
I assured her she looked great and that she could wear that around anyone and they'd think she was hot.
She blushed and said, "thank you."
During the day I had a chance to catch Dave up. There was so much to tell him. I told him everything that happened ending with the Amanda story.
He told me to video conference him at my desk and call Amanda over. I did it. Amanda saw who it was immediately and tried to stand off to the side so he wouldn't see her. Dave told her that I told him of our conversation and he also thought she was pretty. He wanted to see the outfit. She hesitated so I pulled her in front of the camera.
She shyly said, "Hi."
Dave told her how good she looked. Then asked if she really wasn't wearing panties.
She looked at me panicked. "You told him?"
"I tell him everything. He knows all about Saturday."
She didn't know what to say. I stood up and stepped behind her. I took the hem of her dress and started to pull it up. She knew what I was going to do. You could tell she was not sure.
I said softly, "It's OK. Think of Saturday. You don't want regrets."
I pulled the skirt up too her hips. Her pussy obviously on display.
"Beautiful," Dave said.
Amanda blushed.
I then let the skirt drop into place. Amanda gave a sigh of relief. She stiffened up again when she realized my hand went to her zipper.
Julie looked over and saw what was happening. She came out of her office. She saw Dave on the video.
"Hi Dave. Is our little slut corrupting another?" She asked.
Dave said, "We'll see in a moment."
Amanda held her breath. Julie kissed her on the cheek and said, "It's OK. Let you be you."
She sighed. Her muscles seemed to relax. She closed her eyes.
I unzipped her skirt. Pulled it off her. And let it drop to the floor.
Julie said, "Nice, you look good 1/2 naked."
She took Amanda's chin and turned her face towards her. She gave Amanda a small kiss on the lips. Amanda shyly kissed back. Then it was like a dam broke. She grabbed Julie and started kissing her aggressively. Her passion took Julie, Dave, and I by surprise.
I gently started stroking her ass. She turned her head to look at me and then went back to kissing Julie. Julie was enjoying it.
"So, there's a naughty little girl in there also," she said to Amanda.
Amanda broke the kiss and breathlessly said, "Yes."
She went back to the kiss. I'm not sure she knew what else to do.
I moved my hands lower. She moved her legs apart to allow me access. She was wet.
Julie, stepped back, unzipped her dress, and stepped out of it. Amanda just watched.
Standing there in just her panties Julie said, "Amanda, suck my tits"
Amanda did.
Standing behind her still. I grabbed Amanda's top and started to pull it over her head. She stopped, put her arms up and let me pull it over her head. She was braless so now naked. She quickly took Julie's nipple back in her mouth. Her hand on Julie's other tit.
I slid my hand between her legs. She moaned and parted them. My fingers slid into her. She was wet. She moaned.
Dave, who was still watching on video, said, "Amanda, you are beautiful."
She looked at the screen, moaned, grabbed, my hand and pushed it into her pussy.
Julie pushed Amanda back. Amanda sat down on the desk. I repositioned the camera. She saw herself legs spread on the desk above the picture of Dave watching. She looked at Julie and I not knowing what was next.
Julie said to me, "Well, which of us is going to eat our new slut."
I laughed. I got down on my knees, spread her legs and started eating. Dave watched. Amanda moaned, grabbed my head, and pushed it into her pussy. As I ate her she just moaned.
Julie started sucking on Amanda's tits. Amanda came all over my face. She slumped back.
She got off the desk and said, "That was amazing. Thank you."
She reached down to grab her clothes.
I turned her towards me and said, "You're not done yet."
She looked confused.
"My turn," I said.
I pulled off my skirt and panties and jumped on the desk. Julie pushed Amanda to her knees. I grabbed Amanda's head and pulled it between my legs. She dived right in. It felt amazing. I told Amanda that next time she did this I was going to make sure she was being fucked at the same time. She moaned into my pussy and attacked my clit with her tongue.
I came all over her face. I pulled her head away. She started to stand up.
Julie pushed her back down and said, "No you don't. My turn."
Julie jumped up on the desk. I pulled her thong off her. She spread her legs and I pushed Amanda's head between her legs. Amanda moaned again and started eating Julie.
Julie looked at me and said, "So what are you going to do with your new toy."
I laughed. I looked at Dave on the screen. "Have every guy in the office fuck her?" I asked.
Amanda moaned again, David just nodded.
I knelt down next to Amanda, I slid my hand in her pussy and said, "Next time all the men are in the office you are going to get fucked."
She moaned again. So did Julie.
My fingers played with Amanda's clit as she ate Julie's pussy.
"In fact, after that, I'm going to make sure one fucks you every day they're here. After the first time, I'm not letting your pussy be covered in the office for a month.
She groaned and came on my fingers. Julie felt that and came on Amanda's face.
Amanda leaned back on her legs and said, "Wow, that was a hot fantasy."
I kissed her on the lips. I tasted Julie's pussy and said, "It will be a better reality."
Amanda looked at Julie. Julie just nodded. Amanda blushed and said "Ok."
We all got back to work. Julie and I didn't let Amanda get dressed. We eventually let her put her top on because her nipples were cold. We only addressed her as slut all day. She hung her head when we did, but she was smiling.
When I got home Chuck was in the living room with his friends Billy, and Chris. Mom was in the kitchen. She was wearing a short skirt, top, and heels. Rather conservative for what's been going on lately. I decided to put on jean shorts and a top. Sexy but nothing out of the ordinary for a girl my age.
I joined the guys in the living room.
"What's up," I said.
The boys checked me out. They always did. Then mom came in to get something. She got it but dropped it. She had her back to the boys, she bent over at the waist. Her panty covered ass came into perfect view. They were completely sheer. The boys all gawked.
After she walked out Billy said, "Jees Chuck, you're mom is hot."
Chuck's reply almost made me laugh out loud.
"Cut it out Billy, she's my mom."
"I know," said Billy, "but she's still hot. Tell me you wouldn't like to see her naked."
Billy then remembered I was there and said, "Sorry Tina."
I laughed and said, "You're right. She's hot."
Billy smiled.
They kept watching mom. She kept finding ways to show off. One time she scratched the back of her thigh. She'd pull her skirt up so the curves of her ass showed. She'd bend over whenever she could. She'd bring snacks and let them look down her top. I was pretty impressed.
Billy couldn't take it anymore. "Mrs G, you look really nice today."
Mom stopped. "Thank you Billy. How sweet of you," she said.
She told the kids dinner was ready. We all went to eat. She got up a few times. Each time she'd bend over or stretch to get something. At one point she spilled something on the floor. She got down on her hands and knees, legs apart, ass in the air, to clean it up. Her complete ass and panties were on display. While she was down there. She turned and saw the guys looking at her.
"Everything OK," she asked.
I thought Chuck's friends would die. Chris, spilled his drink on himself.
Mom, grabbed a wet towel and said "Let me help you with that."
She started wiping his crotch. He just stared at her.
As she was wiping it she said, "Gee, I forget sometimes how grown up you boys are."
This was good. I was enjoying this. She must be creating a scene like the stories Chuck sent her.
Dinner was done and the guys went down to play video games. Mom cleaned up dinner and said she was going to do some laundry. The boys were downstairs. Probably to watch porn I thought. Mom brought down a load of delicates. I snuck to the landing to watch. When I got there I noticed the TV was off. I figured they must have shut it off as mom came down the stairs.
She threw a bunch of lingerie in the laundry. She stopped as if in thought. She reached around, Unclasped her bra, pulled it out through her sleeve, and threw it in. The boys were watching intently. She pretended she didn't notice. Then she reached under her skirt and slid her panties off. She was a bit careless and showed a little ass as she did it. The boys watched in fascination, just as she had them around her thighs she "noticed" the boys.
She stopped, panties around her thighs, and said, "I'm so sorry, I was doing some delicates and thought you guys were involved with the game. I didn't think you'd see me."
"Oh well, can't be helped now I guess," she said.
She stepped out of her panties and threw them in the wash while the boys watched. They now knew she wasn't wearing underwear.
Billy, the brave one, said, "That's ok Mrs. G. It was kind of hot."
Mom played it up. "Don't be silly, boys your age don't really think an older woman like me is hot."
Billy said, "Yes we do. We've even been talking about it all day."
Chris just nodded his head.
Mom walked over, kissed Billy on the top of the head and said, "Thank you. It's always nice to be admired."
When she did he had a clear view down her blouse.
"Well, I won't bother you boys. No one needs their friends mom hanging around. Call me if you need anything." She started for the stairs.
It was Billy who spoke up again. "You're not bothering us. We love your company, why don't you stay and hang out."
Mom protested a little but eventually said, "OK, I guess can hang out while I'm doing laundry
Billy and Chris were on the couch. Billy told Chris to move over. Mom sat between them. In the basement we have a low couch. As she sat down her skirt slid up. Most of her legs were showing. From where I was I could see the shape of her breasts and nipples clearly outlined by her top.
Billy commented again on how beautiful she was. She laughed and again protested that guys their age don't find women her age attractive. Billy assured her she was hot and said they always talk about how hot she is.
She looked at Chuck and said, "Your friends are teasing me."
Chuck chimed in that they weren't teasing. They really did tell him she was hot. She then asked him if he minded having a hot mom.
"No mom, they're right. You're very hot. I think having a hot mom is very cool."
Mom giggled and said, "Hot mom? You'd like to have a hot mom? Isn't a hot mom one of those porn terms?"
Chris laughed and said, "Yeah, I guess it is."
Mom went on, "And isn't that one that, ummmmm..., has sex with her kid's friends."
Billy was stunned, "Well we think you're hot but we didn't mean that."
Mom giggled. "Really? What do you say about me then?"
Billy stammered, "Just that we think you're pretty.?
"Pretty?" said mom. "Before you said I was hot."
"Well, we think you're hot and pretty," said Billy.
She looked at Chris. He'd barely said a word.
"What about you? What do you think? Hot or Pretty."
"Pretty Hot," he said quietly as he looked at the floor.
"Only pretty hot?" mom said sounding disappointed.
"No," he said. You are super hot.
"But not like the hot porn moms," she replied.
Billy chimed in, "You are much hotter than those fake moms in porn."
Mom looked at Chuck and said, "What do you think. Is your mom hot? Is it bad to have a hot mom."
Chuck smiled, "It's not bad at all. In fact it's cool. You are hot. I think it's great when they tell me how hot you are. Sometimes they tell me what they'd like to do to you."
Mom laughed. "Oh? What kind of things"
"They get pretty graphic," said Chuck.
She stood up in front of Billy and Chris. "So you tell Chuck you want to do dirty things to me?"
No answer.
"Come on boys, is that the way you talk about me?"
The boys, still looking down, quietly each said, "I guess."
"Chuck? What do you tell them when they talk about me that way."
"I usually just agree. You are hot. What can I say?" he answered.
Mom said, "So you'd all like me to be a hot mom?"
Billy said, "That would be awesome."
Mom looked at Chuck, "How hot?"
Chuck said, "Very hot."
Mom said to Chuck, "You sure having a hot mom is good?"
He assured her it was.
She continued, "So it's OK that your friends know I'm not wearing panties right now.?"
"It's awesome," Billy jumped in.
"I suppose you'd like to see," she went on.
This time Chris surprised us all by saying, "I wanna see."
Mom laughed. "And Chuck. How do you feel about them wanting to see."
"It's cool," he said.
"So I suppose you'd be ok if I showed them?
Chris just shrugged his shoulders.
Mom walked over to Chuck. "You Guys are full of crap." she said. "No one wants to see under my skirt. I'm too old for you."
"You're not old," said Billy.
She laughed. "Older than you guys should want, and I am sure Chuck does not want to have his mom showing she's not wearing panties in front of his friends."
She went on, "How about this Chuck. I'll call your bluff. I don't believe you'd like a hot mom. You're going to have to show them."
She turned her back to him. The zipper was on the back of her skirt.
Chuck looked at his friends. They both nodded vigorously.
Chuck unzipped the skirt. It fell to the floor. She was standing there in just 3" heels and a top.
Billy was the first to speak. "Wow, that's hot Mrs. G."
Mom did a slow turn. "Is that good? Is that what you wanted to see? Hmmmmm. What would a hot mom say. Oh. I know. Well, do you like my pussy?"
Chris and Billy both said yes.
"Chuck, How does you feel that your friends have now seen your mother's pussy. Do you still really want me to be a hot mom?" Mom said.
"Yeah," said Chuck
"So I should take off my top and let your friends see my tits?"
Billy and Chris again nodded. Chuck nodded too.
"Ok, Chuck. Billy do you want to take my top off?"
Billy jumped up. Mom raised her arms. Billy pulled the top over her head and stood there.
"Chuck, I'm naked in front of your friends. How does that feel? Do you think you still want a hot mom?"
"This is hot," said Chuck.
Mom looked at him. "I still don't believe you. I'm still think you'd hate it, I'm going to keep going till you tell me to stop."
She took Billy's hand and placed it on her tits. He took both hands and started playing with them.
"Mmmmm," moaned mom. "Oh my god, Chuck. You're not going to stop this?"
She dropped to her knees. "This is what hot moms do. Isn't it?"
No one answered. She undid Billy's zipper and looked at Chuck. She pulled out Billy's cock and started sucking it. Billy moaned. Mom started getting into it.
"Mmmmm. You guys do like a hot mom?"
She pulled off Billy's cock and said to Chuck, "Ok, I'm busy, you tell your friends what you want."
Chuck unzipped his pants and said, "Let's fuck the shit out of her."
Chris stood up not quite sure what to do.
Mom looked. "What Chris. You don't think I'm hot?"
Chris said, "No, no. You're the hottest thing I've ever seen."
Mom smiled and said, "Then get over here and fuck me."
She went back to sucking Billy. She pulled Billy to the floor and stuck her ass in the air. Chris looked at Chuck. Chuck was watching mom suck Billy and stroking his cock. Chris undressed and got behind mom. He slid his cock in.
Mom moaned. She started pushing her ass back against Chris. She continued to suck Billy.
She'd stop and say things like, "So you like me being a slut. You guys want to fuck me? Then fuck me. Make me your slut hot mom. Chuck, can you see? Your friends are fucking your hot mom."
She knew Billy was almost ready. "Where do you want to cum? In your best friend's mom's mouth? On her face? Tell me. Surprise me."
She clamped her mouth back around Billy's cock. He started to spasm. He pulled out immediately and came all over moms face.
I undid my jeans and stuck my hand down my panties.
As Billy stepped away Chuck stuck his cock in her mouth.
Chris moaned, "That's so hot." And came. You could see his cock covered with his and mom's juices as he fell back.
Billy was hard again. Youth. Mom told him to lay down. She straddled his cock and started riding him as she continued to suck Chuck. Chris was behind mom stroking his cock. He was getting hard again.
Mom looked at Chris and said, "I have one more hole."
Chris looked confused. Chuck said, "Fuck her ass."
Chris moved closer to mom and started to slide it into her ass. As he did mom started to moan. She held perfectly still till Chris got all the way in. The boys all stayed still while mom got her rhythm. Mom started fucking them all.
As she did I again imagined what it would be like to get my ass fucked and even more so to have a cock in all of my holes. I came on my fingers.
Meanwhile mom was fucking 3 guys for all she was worth. All of a sudden she stopped sucking Chuck.
"Oh my god. I'm cumming. Don't stop. I'm cumming. She had a few spasms, and then stopped moving. Looked like a hell of an orgasm. She then slowly started moving again. Getting her rhythm. Fucking them all.
Chuck, had about all he could take. Mom could tell.
"You like this Chuck? Do you like seeing your mom with a cock in her ass and one in her pussy? Did you want a hot mom like this. Maybe your friends will just come over and fuck me. Maybe when you're not home? Maybe they'll bring their friends. Now that you've made me a hot mom. They can just come in and take me."
That was it for Chuck. He came all over her face. A huge load.
"You like that Chuck? You like your cum on my face? I now have 2 loads on my face. I can feel Billy's drying and yours dripping."
Chuck just fell in a chair panting. I came on my finger.
Mom wasn't done. She still had a cock in her ass and one in her pussy.
"Billy? Chris? Do you want me to be a slut for you? Would you like to come over any time. Fuck my pussy, my ass, my mouth? What about friends. Do you think they'd like to fuck this hot mom? Come on, make my ass yours. Fill it with cum."
That was it. Chris came. As he did he pulled out you could see cum dripping down out of and down her ass.
"That's it guys. I have two loads on my face, one in my ass, one in my pussy. Billy, give me one more in my cunt. Fill me."
Billy started trembling. I thought he would explode.
Mom yelled, "Oh my god, that feels so amazing. I'm cumming. I'm cumming."
I saw both of them cum. She pulled off and the cum hit her pussy and belly. She rolled over on her back and just lay there covered with cum drying on her.
"Boys? Is that what you wanted?" she panted.
No one answered. When she looked they were stroking their cocks and getting hard again.
Mom smiled and said, "Who's next."
I snuck up the stairs, undressed, and climbed into bed. Using my fingers I came again and fell asleep.