Two women. Two best friends. One butt naked the other one almost naked. Now leaving the city heading to a large national park area to enjoy some fresh air and sunshine. Sonya will always be naked for the foreseeable future as she just recently gave away all her clothing. The only exception were shoes for her feet and one emergency covering 30 miles away at her best friend's house, Sonya has absolutely no way to cover herself moving forward.
Marietta, Sonya's best friend, who was driving has effectively become Sonya's guardian at this point. Sonya can no longer get food or other major big box essentials because she does not have the clothing to accomplish the task. In fact she hates clothing so much that she would rather live this way with limits than constrict her body for any reason. Even wearing shoes to protect her feet has become a struggle. Marietta loves what has happened to her friend even though its obvious something had happened to Sonya. Her best friend refuses to seek any medical treatment for her newly liberated mental state. Every time she goes to sleep, she wakes up less and less in control of her impulses and more obsessed with nudity. In fact, she has a growing masturbation addiction that Marietta finds absolutely sexy and concerning at the same time. Sonya is now having orgasms all day and that has become the norm. She even watches porn now which she never had done before. Sonya's desire to expose herself in public is growing more insatiable as well.
This arrangement has blossomed out of the ashes of a woman who was constantly dependent on moral and emotional support. The old Sonya was a dull, depressing, emotional drain. She had her moments where Marietta enjoyed being around her, but most days Sonya was unremarkable in every way. The new Sonya was always smiling, laughing, giggling. Also the old Sonya hid away the amazing body of a goddess who had the most perfect proportions one could ask for for a woman. Sonya's body was the kind you had to see to believe and no words no matter how lengthy or eloquent could describe in their entirety. One could see the appeal of appeasing an always naked woman to live their most ultimate dream and fantasy. If one was faced with a choice, high maintenance clinical depression is easily eclipsed by escorting a sex addicted naked woman who refuses to wear clothes.
The drive to the park was about 45-50 minutes. Sonya had dozed off with her hand still in between her legs. Marietta also couldn't resist the urge to diddle herself while driving too. But she chose to remain focused for everyone's safety. Knowing full well Sonya's pattern of sleeping and waking up less inhibited she wondered what new behaviors would come after Sonya woke up.
As expected. There were a few cars in the parking lots leading to the trails. Sonya awoke and stretched with a yawn. She licked her cum soaked fingers clean. "I taste so good!" She said as she sucked her fingers. "You smell good too!" Marietta said approvingly.
Sonya stepped out of the car despite the rough terrain, she did not bother with covering her feet. Marietta stepped out the car totally bottomless handing Sonya the flip flops. "I'm not carrying you back if you cut your foot. Put something on your feet and I'll go walking with you bottomless." Marietta's heart was beating a mile a minute. She was nervous, but the strong protective urge to keep Sonya safe won out. Marietta knew for Sonya to wear clothes, she had to give up something in return. She hoped her going bottomless would appease her.
Sonya walked closer to Marietta and grabbed the shoes. With her free hand, she caressed Marietta's pussy. A car passed by on the road behind them. While they were traveling at a rate of speed that would not warrant discovery, Marietta said "Let's go on a trail and get out of view of the road."
"But I want them to see us!" Sonya teased. She was well aware of her growing "condition." However, it was still fun to tease Marietta. Besides, it made Sonya horny looking at the road where the card were passing by. She desired more exposure. She hoped that someone would see her naked on the hike. Marietta walked towards one of the trails. All she has was a pair of keys in her hand, a blouse mostly open and her flats. No pants. No underwear. The sun shown on her ass beautifully. She could feel the air on her pussy.
Sonya reluctantly slipped on her shoes. Shuddering at the uncomfortable sensation from her feet, she proceeded forward. To further increase tension, she decided that as long as she had clothes on of any kind, she would ignore how horny she got. Her clit was fully hard and leading the way. She wanted to touch it, but she vowed to keep her hands away working hard to walk normal.
Sonya was no longer concerned about being seen or being naked. In fact, she was more concerned about how long she had to wear something on her body. She understood the benefits but she despised having to wear even shoes. At that moment, she vowed to go on her own naked adventure without Marietta. Going for a walk without anything late at night would be a very satisfying after being told to wear shoes so much today. Her already hard prominent clit seemed to engorge itself even more at the very thought. Her pussy lips swelled and her nipples were extremely hard too. Sonya might have an orgasm just by experience with no physical touch at this point.
Marietta decided to lead the way. Sonya got to watch her best friend's ass. She could almost see her clit pulsing she was so horny. Watching the jiggling flesh gave Sonya an idea. She decided to slowly creep up to her friend and touch Marietta's ass with her clit. In a few seconds, she succeeded. Marietta took notice. Stopped. Turned around.. and diddled Sonya's love button causing her to buckle her knees a little bit.
"I'm surprised you are not playing in your pussy. You do it non stop now."
"I only want to cum when I'm butt naked. Since I'm wearing shoes now I just have to deal with this permanent state of horny. It's almost like hands free edging," Sonya replied with a laugh.
"Everything is so puffed up down there. Your pussy just looks so hungry begging for attention. Stop and let me take a picture of your horny body! I've never see anything like this." Marietta said.
As Marietta lined up her shot as if on cue, Sonya's pussy began to leak cum. The sunlight hitting her body was at the perfect angle and came out quite well on camera. Marietta really wanted top put this on 'reddot' later for all to see this true exhibitionist. Sonya couldn't take it anymore. She was horny beyond belief. They were a half mile from the car, and she was about to explode from arousal. Her body had enough and decided to orgasm without her touch.
Sonya's clit pulsated something fierce, her pussy began to leak more and more. She began to moan loudly in the woods. Her pussy began to pulsate. She was having a hands free orgasm just from being naked in the woods with no clothes but her shoes. For full effect, she stepped out of her sandals onto the woodland floor. Sonya's orgasm intensified. Lifting up her arms and thrusting her hips she fucked the air as her orgasm reached it's peak. She was so horny she wanted to fuck the sunlight dancing on her naked flesh. She crouched down unable to stand up straight. Gobs of cum dripping out her pussy. She was breathing heavily.
Mesmerized by what she was watching, Marietta locked eyes on Sonya and masturbated watching her have her hands free orgasm. The two women were so caught up in what they were doing, that they failed to hear the foot steps of two hikers walking the trail. It was a couple. The woman was the first one to speak. She didn't see Sonya at first. Just Marietta without any pants on diddling her pussy in the woods. Being open minded, this women new of many fetishes, but she didn't expect to come across one engaging in exhibitionism on a Sunday in the woods.
Her husband looked over to her. He was not sure if she should look at the masturbating woman. He asked his wife, "What do we do? We have not been noticed yet."
The woman answered, "I guess we make sure she's ok and move on. She isn't harming anyone out here. I find it quite hot actually."
Only then once the couple had come closer they saw the real star of the show. They were amazed to see a totally butt naked hottie humping the air like no tomorrow, crouched down naked on the ground dripping cum. The wife was totally amazed at how large and swollen her pussy lips were and she had never seen a clit that big in real life!
"Wow she's amazing!" The woman said softly. Marietta jumped up on being discovered masturbating in the woods. She quickly withdrew her fingers to portray a little modesty. However that would be quite difficult with most of her clothes in the car. Sonya had gotten hornier now that they had been discovered. Unable to help herself, she started playing in her pussy.
The couple continued to examine the naked women in the park. Eventually they noticed the obvious.
"Where are her clothes?" The wife asked. The husband remained silent taking in all the bare naked female flesh before him.
Sonya was too busy masturbating to answer, her mouth wide open and tongue rolling in pleasure.
Marietta started to blush but answered a little meekly. "Well, it's a long story..but she doesn't have clothes anymore and she's making me join in with her nakedness because I told her to wear shoes to go walking in the park."
Sonya continued to play in her pussy like there was no tomorrow, she was having her 3rd orgasm and still wanted to keep going.
"Uh, is she going to be..ok? She's really getting off on this isn't she?" The wife responded.
"Yeah, she's really getting off now that she's gotten caught. Whenever she finishes, she might actually be able to speak for herself. But what I have said is true, she doesn't do clothes anymore." Marietta was starting to feel less nervous now that she knew they were not in trouble. The wife had a smirk on her face. She replied "Well, don't let me stop you from continuing. You were also enjoying yourself while you were watching your friend fuck herself to oblivion. Don't mind us."
The husband was also very confused about the situation. He never took his wife to be so open sexually. He was quite surprised to watch her take charge of the situation. Little did they know that the cause of all of this brazen activity was Sonya's body chemistry and addicting hormones taking the lead. While the couple did notice the sweet scent in the air, they just assumed it was nature instead of the hypnotic chemicals of Sonya's body creating an air of influence.
By this point, Sonya's brain and inhibitions had all but ceased to exist. She had her eyes closed. She could hear the strangers talking to Marietta. She knew she was being watched. She also struggling to make sure she didn't let too much go and have another massive seizure of an orgasm and to cause a alarm to Marietta and her new observers. She did briefly open her eyes to check out who was watching her but she was too overwhelmed to care at this point. She knew this is where she was meant to be in her life. Playing in her pussy with no end in sight for others to see. Most importantly, she had given up clothes and was determined to exhibit herself for as long as she could. She was gasping attempting to control her breathing.
Marietta accepted the invitation to play in her pussy for their audience of two. Sonya had lowered herself onto the ground. Her ass on the soft leaves and grass. Her legs open and spread wide in the air. She finally opened her eyes spread eagle looking at the man and woman her swollen pussy was glistening. Bracing herself with her right hand, she diddled her clit and finger fucked herself with her left hand. Her shoes were no where to be found she had kicked them off into the brush and was no longer concerned about looking for them later. Sonya stood next her wearing flats and a shirt. The rest of her clothes were in the car. The button down shirt was totally open exposing her tits as well.
Sony said in between gasps "Marie...take...it..off.." Marie knew what Sonya wanted. Slipping off her last piece of clothing Marietta was now naked presenting her form for the married couple who stood there watching. It was obvious they were getting aroused by the scene unfolding before them. The wife started grabbing her husband's cock through his shorts. The husband grabbed his wife's breasts. Unable to hold on any longer, Sonya leg go and had her orgasm naked in the woods. Moaning loudly with pleasure for her audience. A large puddle of cum had formed in between her legs.
The wife had gotten more aggressive with her fondling and took out her husband's cock and got on her knees to suck him off. She pulled down her pants to play in her pussy. Sonya laid on the ground in the glow of her 4th orgasm. Marietta continued to play in her pussy watching the couple have their fun in the woods. The wife's oral abilities were quite impressive and audible. Marietta's pussy play also was becoming louder as she had gotten wetter. Sonya enjoyed the wet sex symphony among the sounds of nature. "You are all doing great! Free yourself, be yourself, enjoy each other!" Marietta turned beaming at Sonya who was still sitting on the ground enjoying the naked flesh.
Sonya had found her calling in life. Nudity was were passion. Masturbation was her reward. Exhibitionism was her fetish. She may be out of control, but she will never change who she is.