Chloe stood in the clearing. It was a little way from the main path and pretty well hidden. She had found it when scoping out the mad exercise she was about to undertake. With her were Emma, Andy, and Andy's dog Toby. She got why Andy was here; when she had jokingly suggested this, he had made it a task for her to complete, then added in some twists, so he needed to help and support her. Emma was not so sure; she just seemed to be along for the excitement of the ride, and Chloe still wasn't sure if she would make this easier or harder.
It was about 9:30 on a Sunday morning, and the clearing in which they stood was in the local country park, St. Winston's, and the challenge was to travel around the perimeter of the park, close to the path around, with the catch being that she had to be naked. Emma was doing the same thing. Andy was officially walking Toby but, in reality, was supporting, and was prepared to drag them out of trouble if they got into any. The real issue was that on a Sunday morning, there were a lot of walkers, cyclists and horse riders in the park. They were unlikely to make it around without being spotted. There were two areas where Chloe was worried. First was that, not long after starting, there was a section where they would have to run along the entrance access road for about 100 yards. The other was about halfway around, where they would have to sneak down the back of the stables. The second was particularly a problem because first, there was little cover between them and the archery range, and second, there were a number of windows on the back of the stables looking directly onto the area they were sneaking through.
To cap things off, Andy had 4 things they needed to achieve on the way around;
1. 10 jumping jacks in the middle of the path;
2. They had to take a picture with an animal;
3. They had to climb a tree and take a photo of people close by and;
4. They both had to cum, and Andy wanted a video.
Andy had said there would be punishment for every one that they did not complete and punishment for every time they were seen, and if he had to intervene and save them, there would be really big punishment. They had both laughed at that, but in reality the idea of that really scared Chloe.
"Right, lets prepare," Chloe said, as she started to remove her clothes. She had on a t-shirt, shorts, and a pair of Nike's, which she would be keeping on for this. The two pieces of clothing took less than 30 seconds to remove, and could be replaced in about 10 seconds, if needed.
As she handed the clothes to Andy, Emma was removing hers, a sports top and cycling shorts, Chloe was not sure about those; getting them back on a in an emergency would not be quick. Andy placed all the clothes in a backpack. Chloe considered that anybody who could see them would think this was surreal, two teenage girls totally naked except for shoes, and a middle-aged man with a dog and backpack.
Chloe picked up her phone, she intended to film a lot of this for her own enjoyment later, but she also wanted the phone to stay in contact with Andy. "You ready?" she asked him.
"No," he responded with a smile, "but then how could anybody be ready for this stupidity?" Emma just nodded; she looked quite uncomfortable, naked with just shoes on, phone in her hand.
Chloe started recording on her phone and started to walk along the not-quite-there track that they had selected. As she walked, she said into her phone, "We are off; I am naked." She turned the phone and showed her naked body to the camera. "It is 9:34 on a Sunday morning, and I am in St. Winston's park."
She looked over and Andy and Toby were just disappearing from view back onto the main path. The ferns were tickling her as she walked; there was not quite enough space to walk here and no matter what she did something brushed against her. She could hear Emma five steps behind her having the same issue.
After two minutes walking, they came to a bit where this path ran close to the main path for a good distance before it crossed. The first bit was alright; she could see Andy a little behind them, but then a family with a dog appeared, coming the other way. Chloe almost ran to the next thick clump of bushes; she was no more than three feet from the main path, ducking down. Moments later Emma ducked in behind her. The family got closer and closer, then the dog appeared between Chloe's legs, it licked her and she struggled not to laugh, pushing it away as it tried to sniff her pussy.
"Wilson," came the call from the path, and the dog paused. There was a small delay then, "Wilson!" more forcefully, and the dog disappeared quickly. Emma shoved her phone in Chloe's face and there was a picture of Chloe and the dog on the screen. Chloe gave her a thumbs-up, but they still could not move. The family was only a few yards behind them on the path. She heard Andy say, "Morning," as he obviously caught up and made it to the family. Seconds later he was by the bush and he said quietly, "You two can move now they are going to be around the corner in a moment."
Chloe stood and was surprised just how close she was to Andy, but she immediately turned and went to head down the path. As she turned, Andy slapped her arse. It was a reasonably hard slap, and the sound seemed to ring around the wood. She almost wanted to stand there and let him give her another, but she didn't and headed off.
They got to the bit where they had to cross the path; it was quiet, nobody about. Chloe stepped out and Emma followed quickly, and went to run to the place where the track they were on disappeared off the main path again about 20 yards up, but Chloe grabbed her. "Jumping Jacks," she said.
They moved down to be closer to where they needed to head, and stood facing each other, both filming the other, they started. It was only the second jump when Andy appeared around the corner to see what they were doing. If she looked anything like Emma, he was getting a cracking view. Chloe's eyes were drawn to Emma's tits as they bounced freely, no sports bra to hold them. On four, she actually brought her hand to them to control them. On seven, Andy was directly behind her, and as she landed his hand came round and slapped her arse hard. She yelped, as much in shock as from the slap. Andy seemed to ignore that and continued walking. He got to Chloe as she got to ten, and when she landed, she kissed him, then turned to run. For the second time--she thought she would have learned not to turn her back--he slapped her arse, just as hard as Emma's, and she grunted.
"Thank you Master," she said as she sort of ran/walked to the path.
As they stopped a couple of feet from the entrance road, they had run quite a bit--mainly when they were seen. The first sighting had been a couple of old ladies walking, who had been silent, and they had not known were there. Then, two cyclists had come up on them really quickly and they had been unable to hide. The cyclists had whooped and shouted some very obscene things but did not stop or chase them, thankfully. About a minute after the cyclists had passed, a text from Andy popped up, "I take it you were just seen? Half the park heard that!" Chloe was not sure they had not bitten off more than they could chew.
Several cars went past; Chloe could see the opening they needed to get to. Andy was approaching and he would be crossing the road soon. A couple of horses went past, walking the direction that they needed to go. As they got up to the path they wanted, Andy walked onto the road, slowly crossing, watching where he knew they were. Chloe could see nothing else coming and jumped up, which seemed to surprise Emma. She ran along the road chasing the horses, feeling her body flop and bounce as she did, slowing up when she got close as she did not want the horse riders to hear her and turn around. She ducked into the path they needed and turned around to see Emma had only just left the hiding spot and was quite a bit behind her. Andy had walked onto the other side of the road and was disappearing up the main path. Emma was running as fast as she could, but was holding her tits, her phone pressed against her, and clearly not enjoying this bit at all. When she was about ten strides from the path a car came around the corner at the bottom of the road. After a moment, it was clear they had seen Emma's naked arse running away from them, and when she had only cleared about half the distance to the path, they hooted the horn, several times. Chloe was well-hidden, but she looked and the horse riders were turning to look, and they also got an eyeful of Emma's naked running, for the second before she slipped into the path with Chloe.
With the car still hooting, Chloe grabbed Emma's arm and they ran down the path, getting as far from the road as they could. By the time they stopped, they were a good quarter of a mile into the woods, and in the easiest part of the whole loop to hide in. They were both out of breath.
A text arrived from Andy; it just had crying laughing emoji's in it. Chloe wanted to send a 'fuck off' in response, but Andy had their clothes, so restrained herself. There were a few moments of getting their breath back, then the girls started walking again. A few times they had to stop behind bushes to let people walk or cycle past. As they made their way towards the stables, Andy appeared to catch them up. The main path joined the road to run past the front of the stables and up to the activity centre and golf clubhouse. The little half-path they were on went down the back of the stables, with just a couple of bushes for cover from the activity centre. There was nobody doing archery, but it would not be long before it started, so they both got as low as they could, and moved as quickly as they could, to pass the stables. None of the windows were open, so they were safe. It was the last ten feet, where the stables ended, and then they had to cross the road, and disappear into the trees the other side again.
They got to the end of the stables, low and watching. The road was empty. At the junction that was just visible there were a number of horse riders going past, and so they waited and watched. Chloe looked around and was mortified when her eyes locked with an old gent. He was standing on the veranda of the activity centre; they had not seen him move, so Chloe guessed he had been standing there the whole time, just watching them. Chloe turned her phone to show him on the film. As she did, he took off his old baseball cap, swung his arm across his body and bowed over his arm and hat. Chloe laughed, which made Emma look around, and when she saw what Chloe was looking at, her face dropped. The horses were disappearing at the other end of the road, and Chloe thought 'what the hell,' stood up and walked across the road to the other side. Emma ran in front of her to the cover of the trees. As she was half way across the gent shouted, "Thank you!"
Chloe turned towards him, bowed herself and replied, "Welcome," before disappearing herself into the cover of the trees. When she saw Emma, Emma was bright red, the embarrassment flooding off of her. "How the fuck did you do that so calmly?" she enquired of Chloe.
"He had seen us, and was clearly going to do no more than admire the view, so why not just embrace it?" Chloe was honest about it, and it hit her then that Emma was hating this, and only doing it because Chloe was. Chloe was loving every minute of this, the being chased, the being seen. She had half a mind to go back and do a few jumping jacks for the old guy.
"You can stop if you want," Chloe said. "I can complete this on my own."
"No, if you can do it, I can do it," Emma said.
"But I am loving this, and I want to go put on a bit of a show for the old bloke. You just want it over." Chloe was not cruel in her words, but was making clear to Emma that they saw this very differently.
Chloe popped her head back out the trees; the old guy was not looking her way, and was moving away. 'Shame," she thought, and turned, walking past Emma and on down the path. This was a bit she had planned. A little way down here you could leave the path and walk up a slope to an abandoned reservoir. Inside that there was a big concert bowl that had a few trees growing in it, but it was always quiet; most people did not know it was there. Chloe planned to masturbate there.
About a quarter-of-a-mile past the stable they left the path, and headed up the hill. There was evidence that somebody else had been this way this morning, and Chloe was cautious as she pushed through the last bushes on to the bowl. It was empty, thankfully, and she moved around a little before settling and saying to Emma, "We should do the video challenge here."
Emma looked at her, for a moment, then said in a voice that was unsure, "OK." there was a nervousness on her face that was worse than anything she had seen today.
"Are you OK?" Chloe enquired.
"Yes. I just don't like this place that much; people appear from nowhere." Emma spoke from experience. She had been scared shitless by a boyfriend playing a trick on her here before.
Chloe sat on the ledge at the top, legs stretched down into the bowl. "You need to film this, then I will film you," she said to Emma. Emma walked down into the bowl about 6 feet below Chloe and aimed her phone at Chloe. She turned away, clearly not really wanting to watch, but said, "It's going."
Chloe slipped her hand to the top of her pubis and gently found her clit. She was already wet, and had been most of the journey so far; she found being naked in public exciting, and the idea of being caught was thrilling. She started to circle her clit with her fingers, gently pushing it this way then that, slowly building some pressure. Chloe had tried the direct approach that caused Andy to get her to orgasm in what felt like seconds, but it did not work for her; she needed to build it.
The feelings were now moving in the right direction. Chloe had seen Emma look back a few times to ensure the camera was aiming right. There was noise in the bushes just across from them. Both of them looked, while Chloe closed her legs, and covered herself with her hand. Moments later a squirrel ran out of the bushes there. The girls looked at each other and burst out laughing. Chloe got back to getting this video done for Andy.
Dave could not believe his eyes; as he cycled down a path in the wood, he passed a man with a dog, which caused him to slow right down. As he was accelerating away, he caught a glimpse in the trees of two girls, and they appeared to be naked. He slowed again, and looked behind him. The guy with the dog was hidden by the curve of the path, but he could see the dog running ahead. He looked again, and they were definitely naked. They were young--twenty, he guessed--and they appeared to just be walking on one of the little paths used by the animals and mountain bikers. He cycled ahead of them and round to the old reservoir; you got a great view down onto that path from there, and there were a lot of trees to hide him. He put his bike in the trees, and took up a position in the bushes that would let him see them coming and then along the path for a good 30 or 40 seconds. He might then even run the length of the bowl and see them again as they exited that part of the park.
As they appeared in his view, they had left the path, and were actually walking straight towards him. The view was something he would never forget. They kept coming and pushed through the bushes not two meters from him. He was completely still and was holding his breath as they passed, praying he was not caught. They moved past and into the bowl, and he remained still. They spoke to each other, but Dave was so focused on not moving that he did not hear what they said.
After a minute, they appeared to have moved away from his position, and Dave slowly, and as quietly as he could, turned around. Above him a squirrel was startled by his movement and jumped down and ran out of the bush. God, they were definitely going to see him now. He sat holding his breath again. But they laughed at the animal and then went back to their activity, something Dave could only dream about. He fumbled for his phone and as quickly as he could, started to film, mouth hanging open. The slightly taller one with the fit-looking body was sitting on the edge playing with herself. Dave was focused on her hand rubbing herself. Dave's eyes darted to the other one with the massive tits; she was filming. What the fuck were they doing? Dave could feel his cock hardening as he watched. As the one masturbating moaned, her fingers almost a blur on her clit, it really bounced. This was amazing.
Chloe was building a head of steam. She was feeling good, and this was so exciting. Somebody could walk into the bowl right now and see her, moments from cumming. That thought made her moan; she was loving the chance of being caught. Her mind flicked to hiding behind the bin and bench on the cricket pitch, then to the old gent that had watched their naked progress. The risk and being caught made her hot. Her eyes closed, as she pictured a group of men appearing to watch her now, and she stroked her nipples with her other hand, feeling close.
Chloe's breathing got short and sharp; she was about to crest the wave. She pushed hard with her hand and the electrical energy coursed through her. She was cumming. She laid back into the grass, her chest rising and falling quickly as she enjoyed the moment.
It took Chloe more than a few moments to calm herself and stand up. "Your turn," she said. Emma looked a little uncertain. "Or not, if you don't want. This is my challenge after all," Chloe said to her.
Emma's face hardened, and she said, "No, I will do it," as she walked to the place Chloe had just sat.
Chloe walked down the bowl, she took up a slightly-different position to the one Emma had filmed her in, wanting a less-direct, straight-down-the-barrel view.
"Keep an eye out; I really don't want to be seen," Emma said, not looking that comfortable. Chloe started filming as Emma, more tentatively than Chloe, started to rub herself. Chloe made a show of looking around, to reassure Emma. She caught sight of something that made her suspicious as she looked, but kept an even face; she didn't want to upset Emma with something that was nothing.
After a moment Emma closed her eyes and leant her head back, clearly trying to disappear into a fantasy. Trying to keep the camera still, Chloe turned to look at what she thought she had seen, and sure enough there were a pair of glasses looking back at her from the middle of the bush that they had walked past to get in here. Chloe stayed calm. He--she assumed it was a he--was not moving, he was just watching. Had he watched her cum? Her mind raced with the excitement of the idea that he had surprised her. Emma was trying, but Chloe didn't think she would actually cum; she was doing this because she thought she should, not because her heart was in it. Chloe looked back; the guy was still watching, but clearly watching Emma, not her. Chloe was not sure, but thought he might be filming on his phone.
There was a moan from Emma, which drew Chloe's attention back, but she was not sure Emma was going to make it. So, she made her own fun. She licked a finger seductively, and facing the guy, placed it on her clit, and mimed it being too hot to touch. She played with her nipple, which was hard in moments, pointing at him. She turned and shook her butt at him. If he was filming, he would have material to wank for days!
Chloe had been teasing for about 2 minutes when Emma suddenly said, "It's not going to work."
"OK," said Chloe, "let's move on. We are almost back to the point where we should be meeting Andy anyway." She stopped filming, and quickly went into her phone and changed the Bluetooth name to "Call me" and her number. She then tried to pair with the device she found that was not Emma's phone. She left it there for a good 30 seconds while Emma got up, then walked with Emma toward the other end of the bowl where they would exit. She made sure Emma was in front when they left, and she turned and waved before disappearing.
They were about a minute from the main path when a text arrived from an unknown number. It read, "I am really sorry. I did not mean to spy on you like that, but I couldn't leave without making it awkward. Thank you for not being a bitch about it. Dave."
Chloe walked on, and quickly replied, "I hope you liked the show; we should talk about you watching again." Then, she focused on the horses coming towards them, and hiding again.
By the time they got to the meeting point, Andy was waiting. This area was a little more secluded than where they started. Getting back to that was impossible without walking across the golf course, and that wasn't going to happen. Emma was pulling clothes on before Chloe had even said hello to Andy. Standing naked, Chloe calmly told Andy what had happened. She listed all the things they had done, all the times she thought they had been seen--leaving out Dave--and what video they had for him. Emma was fully dressed by that point, and clearly wanting to leave.
Chloe said to Emma, "You go on; I will catch you up back at mine."
"OK," came the reply, as Emma was already heading away.
"What's up with her?" Andy asked.
"I think she got a bit freaked out by being seen, and then she couldn't cum. I think she is feeling a little like she is not as good as me, even though I said to her she didn't have to do this, it was my challenge and that I found it exciting," Chloe was not sure though. She thought Emma might be starting to regret following Chloe down this rabbit hole.
"Oh, OK," Andy said. Then he continued. "Do you need to rush off too, or can I punish you for today?"
"What, here?" Chloe asked, not really believing that.
"Yes, here. It is really quiet; I have been here for 10 minutes, and not a soul has come this way or even close. The path is a good distance that way," he pointed," and unless you scream out, there is no chance of anybody hearing you."
The idea thrilled Chloe, to be punished in the woods. She guessed the smile on her face gave answer, but she said, "Yes, Master," anyway.
Andy moved quick and pulled out some rope and the strap from his bag. Chloe was tied up before she knew it. Her feet were tied either side of a truck on a reasonable sized tree, then she was leaned at quite an angle to have her arms tied to another tree's branches. Her legs were about two feet apart, then she was a straight line of about 50 degrees to her hands holding the branches they were tied to, her arms slightly blocking her ears where they were raised. It was not a position she thought she would be able to hold very long.
"You were seen at least six times, if I include the guy on the bike you did not mention. That is 12 lashes. You did not get the photo in the tree, another 3, and I think 5 more for good measure." Andy was commanding as he said it.
"Yes, Master," Chloe replied. "I had fun today, but it was very naughty; I deserve to be punished."
Andy stroked her body. Her skin was slick from the sweat of running about, and the excitement. He slowly made circles on her back that tickled, until he was circling her arse, then his hand was between her legs. She gasped as he pushed several fingers into her pussy; it was soaking.
"You clearly enjoyed yourself more than you were supposed to, you naughty girl," he said. His thumb came around and massaged her clit. She pushed into that as much as she could; she loved the feel of his hands on her. It was probably partly due to her overall excitement at today, but also Andy's skill, that she was forcing down an orgasm before she knew it. His fingers worked magic on her soft skin and within her wet pussy.
His hand moved away, and for a moment she felt lost, empty. Then the not-unfamiliar sound of the strap, and the burning sting as it hit her arse, the unusual position not helping her and she almost lost her grip on the tree. A sound that was something close to a whimper escaped her lips, but the second slap arriving hot on the heels of the first took her mind from thoughts of position.
The next one landed across the border of her legs to her arse, the little fold of skin there screaming at her as the sting of the strap flooded through it. Then the other leg got the same treatment; she could almost feel the soft milky white skin there burst into a flame red. Andy moved closer to her, his hand coming around her and playing with her nipples. They were bullets, the pain driving her wild with arousal. He flicked them and tweaked them. As he did this, with his other arm he swung the strap. She felt the wind of it passing between her legs, before it slapped across her pussy. The tip was not quite far enough up to crush her clit, instead more teasing it. She yelped. It was almost comical as she started the yelp, then controlled herself and quietened it down. Andy actually laughed at her, as he swung another, then another. The explosion of fire in her pussy was both wonderful and awful; she wanted to cry, but she also wanted to cum. The sobbing, surprised yelp that came from her mouth, was one of the strangest sounds she had ever heard herself make. As Andy started to play again, exciting her back to the point she would have to suppress an orgasm, she started to think about what would happen if her noise brought somebody here, a stranger watching her be punished. God, that was a thrilling thought. Maybe Dave was watching her even now.
Between her weird thoughts and Andy, she was choking back her orgasm again, and Andy stopped. She really needed to hide it better; she wanted him to touch her like that longer, more often. She loved that he excited her body in such a delicate way before he punished it so brutally. The next slap landed; Andy had moved and the strap crushed her clit as it hit. She whimpered with pleasure, gritting her teeth to suppress the urge to cum, and as two more slaps landed the same, she nearly lost the battle. Her pussy was burning with the sting of the strap, but her clit was screaming at her to cum. Andy reverted to making her arse sting, and in quick fire that was probably the most pain she had endured in one go, eight slaps landed across her arse.
By the time Dave got back on his bike he had completely lost them. He was ferreting up all the side paths and tracks as quickly as he could, but they were nowhere to be found. He had given up, and said to himself that she would text him again, and had just made his way back to the main path. Then, from nowhere, the girl with big tits appeared from a path that he was sure was way too far for them to have gotten, but she was dressed in T-shirt and cycle shorts, not naked, and walking purposefully his way. As she got close, he suddenly panicked that the other girl had told her and she was coming to have a go, but she strode past, not even acknowledging him. As he got to the path, she came out of he looked back, but she was marching away. He dismounted his bike and slowly walked down the path, hopeful to find the other girl coming too, and being able to chat. He was in a way, and it was getting hard to push his bike so he pushed it into a bush where it could not be seen easily, and carried on. He was slowly aware of sounds coming from up ahead. At first, he thought there was somebody chopping at a tree then, as they became louder, it was clear there were a mixture of sounds and that they were clearly not what he thought. He kept going as silently as he could until he was sure if he moved around the tree in front of him he would be standing on the people making the noise. The slapping sound that had paused was definitely just there, and the muted moaning that was happening now was close.
Dave moved to the side, walking delicately around to the left hoping to get cover from plants he could see through. He was amazed at how quiet he was managing to be, as he moved quite a way from the path he had started from, arcing around. He nearly choked when, as he moved around a bush, he was confronted with a view of an older guy's back, and the naked girl behind him tied to a couple of trees. He could not see exactly what was happening, but the girl was moaning and was clearly enjoying whatever it was, and if she turned her head the other way, she would see him. He slipped back and moved around the bush that was directly behind him and ducked down to watch.
Dave had just got himself comfortable when the guy stepped back and swung something that Dave could not see properly, but it slapped across her arse, then again and again. Dave didn't count them but there was a good few, and the whimpering yelps from the girl said they were painful, but at no point did she protest. His cock was rock-hard, and Dave couldn't help but slip it from his shorts and start to play.
Chloe had not counted as she fought not to scream, but thought there was still a couple to come. If they were on her clit, she was going to find that hard. She was lost in the pain, loving it, and wanting more of it. It had kept her climax on the boil, waiting to break. As she was just preparing herself and thinking about how much he would punish her for cumming, Andy said, "Two more and under no circumstances are you to cum, young lady."
"Yes Master, I will do my best," she replied.
Andy positioned himself carefully, Chloe was sure he was going to make not cumming as hard as he could. She braced herself, as again she felt the rush of air when the strap swooped between her legs, then crashed into her pussy and clit. The moan that came with that was carnal and breathless; she was fighting her body not to cum, and there was still another yet to come.
The last slap was probably the hardest she had taken. She yelped, loudly; there was no option. Her pussy burned; it was not comfortable at all, but the pain was wonderful. It took a moment, but then she wondered if anybody had heard her. She actually didn't care; she wanted Andy to take her, to make her his. She was lost in that thought as Andy's hand stroked across her bum. He followed the curve, and she could almost feel him appreciating her body. As the hand slipped to the lips, delicately slipping along them, teasing, then a finger inside, playing. She was almost surprised a dribble did not run down it and onto the ground, she was so wet.
The finger was nice, but she wanted his cock, big and thick. She had to wait; his fingers now moved to her clit. She flinched as he touched it, raw and engorged as it was. Andy pressed and she moaned. She had been on the brink of an orgasm now for three or four minutes and that didn't help.
Chloe felt Andy step over one of her legs. He was between them now, squeezing and torturing her clit, her body trying to betray her and cum. The battle was causing the rest of the world to sink into blackness. The only thing besides that battle she was aware of was Andy between her legs. He was not just torturing her clit, but she could not work out what else he was doing. Moments later she had her answer--the head of his cock pushed against her lips, the wet mess that they were offered no resistance, and his cock was in her.
"You may cum, when you are ready," Andy said, as his cock pushed deep into her pussy. As his balls brushed against her legs before he withdrew Chloe was aware of how uncomfortable that was with her legs tied as they were, but she was ready to cum. Just managing to hold it against his thrusts, she felt the tension inside her build to the point she could hold it no more.
Dave watched as the girl was punished; he had never been into that, but right now his cock was harder than it had ever been. As the old guy moved between her legs then started to fuck her, he stroked his cock with a pace and aggression that was not normal for him. The man spoke and told her she was allowed to cum. WTF? Why would you prevent a woman from cumming? Dave's mind raced, but it never got fully away from the image in front of him, of this gorgeous girl tied up and being fucked.
He was admiring her tits, bouncing with each thrust, and when she turned her head this way, she was looking straight at him, though there was nothing to suggest she was going to be any different from the bowl. Her watching him wank while she was fucked was too much for Dave; his load shot all over the bush in front of him. His breathing was not calm and he was worried they might hear him. He tried to calm it as he pulled a sweat band from his pocket, the only thing he had, and wiped his cock as clean as he was going to get it. He put himself away, and silently backed away. As soon as he was clear he stood up and turned and left, his mind a mess as he headed back to his bike.
Chloe was losing the battle. She turned her head, staring into the nothing of the bushes and trees, focusing on the distance, and fighting with her own body. The thrusts just kept coming, and she moaned. With each thrust, the moan became more of a grunt. She thought she would cum on the next thrust or the one after when, out-of-focus for her eyes, a figure stood, and then walked away. Was that Dave, watching again? It did not matter, the knowledge that somebody had watched her spanked and then fucked was too much. She let rip, her body shaking, filled with that electrical energy and exhausted from her day's events, the orgasm was an amazing release. She did her best to stifle the moans, but this was an intense climax her body had been waiting for since the moment they started this day. Her self-induced one earlier was insignificant compared to this, and she let it take her body. As she lost herself, she was vaguely aware of Andy's cock pulsing in her, firing his endless seed into her.
Chloe lifted her head. She had no idea how long it was since the orgasm. She was sagging, only held in her position by the ropes, her wrists burning with pain. She tied to take hold of the branch again. On the second attempt, Andy helped her. Then, as she cleared her mind and started to take things in, again he started to untie her. He started with her feet. Then, when he undid her hands, he supported her, stood her upright, held her.
Chloe loved her naked body being cuddled into Andy, but she knew she had to break it, and get dressed. She moved away as gently as she could. Her body ached, and her arse and pussy burned; it has been a good day. She pulled her t-shirt from the backpack, and once it was on, she pulled out her shorts and put them on too. Andy packed everything else back into the back pack, and put it on her back. Andy walked across to the path and untied Toby, who appeared to be asleep on the ground by a tree, a little way from them. He jumped up, excited to see Chloe again, like she had not been there the whole time. As they walked together back down the track, Chloe was amazed how in-tune they were, considering not a word had passed between them since she had climaxed.
"Andy," Chloe began, "today has been amazing. I have had so much fun and the excitement of doing that out here was something else. I can't thank you enough for all of this."
Andy laughed. "You, thanking me?" He laughed more. "I can't believe my luck. You are the best thing that has happened to me in years; I can't recall when I've enjoyed myself so much. I will honestly keep this going as long as you want it; I am loving it."
They both smiled, then Andy continued. "By the way, calling me Andy is five lashes next time."
Chloe smiled; she did not mind that at all. They came to the main path. Chloe leaned in and kissed Andy, then said, "See you tomorrow, Master." She headed the same way Emma would have gone, taking the very slightly longer route back. Andy turned the other way; he would be safely home for a good five minutes before Chloe walked into her house.
Chloe looked at her phone as she walked; there was nothing new on it. She opened the previous message and saved the contact as Dave, the watcher, then started a text. "Hi. I am Chloe. Did you watch me again, in the woods, being spanked?" She sent the text as she walked and then started to watch the first section of video of the day. She looked, and between all the sections she had almost 2 hours of video, which would need some editing. Her phone must be almost out of memory.
Her phone beeped and a text from Dave was on screen. "I did, sorry. You are so hot, and that was so hot. Thank you for letting me watch, Chloe."
Chloe laughed, and replied, "Don't be sorry. I didn't know you were watching until you left, but it turned me on. We should meet for a drink in town, and maybe arrange for you to watch me again."
She put her phone away, enjoying the idea of Dave watching her, and walked with some purpose, wanting to get back home and talk to Emma. That particular issue had to be dealt with; the girl needed to find her own desires, not piggyback on Chloe's. She was going to be exhausted when she got to bed tonight!