Author's Note: This story can stand on its own, but the characters and plot will make more sense to you if you read the previous 2 stories, "Erotic Surprise in the Park", and "My Voyeur Love Returns", in that order. I probably should have given each story the same title, with chapter numbers after each, as so many Literotica writers do. But I didn't originally think this would be an ongoing tale. As it is, I have become very attached to Evie, Claire, Ron, and Victor. I'm sure I will have another sequel to this story soon.
*****
Chapter 1
I am standing against a chain link fence, my hands gripping the links so tightly they are turning white. My face is getting criss-cross marks pushing so hard against it. I am screaming, but no sound is actually coming out.
Inside the fence is an Olympic sized pool, with no water in it. Numerous sunbathers of both sexes are around the pool, in bathing suits and bikinis. A few are swimming and floating in the shallow end, on air since there is no water.
At the deep end, there is an Olympic Diving Platform. Standing at the edge of the highest level, 33 feet up, is Claire. She is naked, with her arms around her middle to try to hold in some warmth against the breeze. Her nipples are hard, and her legs have goose bumps.
Down below her, standing on the bottom of the deep end of the pool, is Victor. He is dressed in his preferred garb of dark suit, tie, and expensive slip-on shoes. The only odd thing is that from the front of his button fly, a 2 foot long stainless steel hardon protrudes, easily 8 inches in diameter, pointing slightly above horizontal. Below the penis is Victor's normal scrotum, which of course looks kind of silly against the massive cock.
"Claire," he calls up, "it's OK to jump. My cock will catch you. It's very strong."
"I'm terrified of heights," wails Claire. "I can barely look down without getting dizzy."
Sitting beside the pool opposite Victor is Evie, wearing a lovely skimpy yellow bikini. She gets a sour look on her face after Claire's outburst. She levitates into the air, sails over, and drops down next to Victor. She walks to the front of his cock and grabs the head.
She looks up and calls, "Claire, I'll stand here and hold the front end of Victor's penis so that there is no possibility that you can get hurt. Just jump, spread your legs, and land straddled on his hard pole. He is already lubed up with Astroglide, so you can slide back and forth until you orgasm. Whatever you do, don't make him come, as this monster produces enough semen to fill the pool. Now just do it."
Claire begins to cry. "I can't, I can't", she sobs.
I scream for her to turn around and go back down the ladder, but she can't hear me. Then I see a ghostly apparition of myself, walking up behind Claire.
"NO, NO," I cry, but too late. My hologram pushes Claire off the edge. She lets out a bloodcurdling scream and plummets...
My eyes shot open wide. I was on my back, disoriented. In a moment I realized it was a dream, a very bad one. I breathed deeply and tried to calm myself.
As I became more alert, I could hear the shower and a woman's voice singing softly. Ah, I thought, it's Claire, of course. I put the nightmare out of my mind, and looked at the clock on my right. 7:45 a.m. Despite the disturbing dream, I had had a good night's sleep. I turned back to face up at the ceiling. I glanced over to my left expecting to see rumpled bedclothes, and was surprised to see what appeared to be another body, deeply embedded under the covers, dead asleep, facing away from me, breathing slowly and quietly. What the hell?
Then I remembered. Both Claire and Evie had spent the night with me. I couldn't be sure which one was next to me, and which one was in the shower. But I knew that the time since we had met Tyler and Taylor had been erotically charged, and deeply satisfying. I closed my eyes, soothed by the water and the soft singing, and began my reverie.
Chapter 2
Yesterday was Friday. Following our frisky flashing frolic that morning, we knew we had plenty of time to get tested for STD's (we all knew we were clean) before visiting Swinging Rhythms next Thursday. So the four of us decided to go to the movies again that afternoon, as it had been so much fun the previous day. Evie had the mischievous idea of trying to find our friendly usher-with-a-flashlight again, and inviting him to join us. Claire loved the idea too, so of course Victor and I couldn't help but love it.
We arrived at the theatre and paid for a particular movie, knowing that we could walk into any movie once we had our tickets torn. We had a plan for finding our usher. When we got inside, we split up to check each of the 10 theatres. It took a few minutes, but Victor finally came upon him in theatre 3 (don't ask what the movie was, as we didn't know and didn't care), about to exit through the sloped hall adjacent to the theatre itself. Victor told him to stay where he was and met us back in the lobby. We all filed into 3.
We saw him against the wall as we entered. Evie went up to him and whispered softly, as the rest of us surrounded them and listened in.
"Hello, again. We're here for another movie. We really appreciated your gracious hospitality yesterday. We'd like you to join us in our seats so we can thank you personally. Would that be possible?"
Although surprised, the young man answered, "Of course. Your bold expression of friendliness had me hoping you would show up again. Thank you."
This kid was more poised and self-confident than one expects from someone so young.
"In fact, I'd like to begin thanking you right now.", said Evie, using her most sultry voice.
"Feel free to express your gratitude".
Evie reached out for the boy's crotch, held her hand there, and asked,
"How old are you?"
"I'm 20. Does that really matter?"
Evie didn't answer. She simply unzipped the fellow, and reached her hand inside. Her eyes went wide.
"Well, well. This is a penis of formidable proportions. What is your name?"
"Lance."
If Evie had been drinking Coke, she would have squirted it from her nose. It was all she could do to keep from laughing uproariously. I could almost see her mind spinning with thoughts of stiff Medieval weapons and devices she could use as penis metaphors.
"Come on. You're joking. What's your real name?"
"Lance. And I am very much enjoying your hand on my javelin."
I could see Evie's mind spinning, running through various quips about large hard pointed Medieval weapons. But she controlled herself.
She moved her hand around a bit more inside his fly, then removed the hand, and zipped him up.
"We will be in the back again. We'll save you a seat on the aisle. Be sure to bring your sabre with you."
"I never leave home without it", said Lance with a straight face.
I suspect Lance's confidence came from sporting a cock of greater than average size, and likely knowing how to use it.
We walked around the corner, and began to climb the stairs to the back. Once again, there were maybe 20 people, this time all clustered near about 1/3 of the way up. Since the movie had started some time ago, no one paid us the slightest attention.
As soon as we got a few feet past the final row with people in it, Evie whipped her blouse over her head, followed by her elastic-waste skirt, which could be removed either over or under. She was now naked except for sneakers. She held an article of clothing in each hand. Much to our surprise, she turned toward the audience, and with her arms spread, she did a couple of jumping jacks, her tits shaking and flopping nicely. Then she turned back and climbed the remaining stairs, followed by the rest of us, who at this point could never be sure what crazy thing Evie would do next. This time we chose the next to last row.
Chapter 3
I was finding Evie irresistible. Her animated and carefree attitude toward nudity and sex, her wit, her willingness to engage in risky exploits. In short I found her bewitching and captivating. I may have loved Claire, but I was overcome with pure lust for Evie.
I hungered to sit next to Evie, and used fairness as an argument for such an arrangement, based on yesterday's arrangement. We entered in the order Victor, Claire, me, and Evie, who was one seat over from the aisle, leaving space for Lance. I think she realized that sitting naked on the theatre seats was not exactly a great idea, so she laid her skirt over the seat before sitting down. She tossed her blouse to Victor, who placed on the seat next to him.
I was rock hard, with a prominent bulge. I looked over at Victor, who was in the same state.
I whispered to Claire, "Your friend Evie is completely nuts. And I am mesmerized by her insanity."
Claire giggled. "Ron, I love you, and I know you love me. But lusting after Evie is cool with me. Our shared sexual exploration is what brings excitement to our lives. Hell, I lust after her myself, and I have to confess that I also lust for Victor. Is that OK with you?"
It was and it wasn't. I felt conflicted. But I answered, "It's fine. Lust is what makes us feel alive." Suddenly I realized for the first time that, despite all of our shared sexual kinkiness, I had never actually fucked Claire. That would have to be fixed soon, and wouldn't it be nice if Evie could participate?
Victor and I unzipped and released our cocks. We stroked a few times to make ourselves extra hard, which happened almost instantly. Claire pulled her blouse off, and dropped it next to Victor. She left her skirt on for some reason, perhaps because she was thinking about germs.
Within two minutes, Lance came stealthily up the aisle, no flashlight this time. He had probably seen the movie 8 times already, and knew exactly when the screen went almost dark, and used that to his advantage.
He arrived and immediately commented,
"I see you started without me. Don't let me stop you. I'm on limited time, so the quicker the better."
Evie patted the seat next to her, and Lance sat down.
She unzipped him again, reached into his boxers, and pulled out the most striking cock I had ever seen, outside of porn. Fully erect and cut, it must have been almost 9 inches long, with commensurate girth. No wonder her eyes went wide when she reached in earlier.
"And here is Lance's daunting sword staff, to be enjoyed by all." announced Evie. I muttered, "Holy Shit". Claire said, "OMG". Victor said, "I guess I can never watch porn again".
"Shucks, 'tain't nuthin'" he deadpanned. "By the way, what are your names?"
We told him. Lance reached down to Evie's cunt to touch it, to be sure it was moist. It was, shall we say, sopping.
"Evie, you seem to be the most adventurous of the bunch. How about you take your wet cunt and drop it right onto my harpoon. I've bottomed out on a few cervixes, so I've learned to be very careful. I'll sit still, and you do the work, going as far down as comfortable. I promise to bring you off in as fine a way as you've ever experienced." This guy was confident to the point of cocky, so to speak.
Evie jumped at the chance. She climbed onto Lance, and lowered herself behind his pike until it popped out in front of her cunt. A good 5 inches of it was still visible above her wet, shiny thighs. She leaned forward, supporting herself with her hands on the seat back in front of her. She spread her legs as far as the seat would allow, and rubbed her clit up and down against Lance, pushing his monster forward so that it was tight against her. She was breathing heavily, sighing with each move. Lance held her hips as she moved. This seemed to be something that was exquisitely arousing to her. Then she lifted up and actually lowered her cunt onto his halberd. She seemed to be struggling with the fit, but she persisted. Down, down, down, until more than half of his cock was engulfed.
Then she said, "ouch" and stopped moving.
Lance said, "My broad sword has never failed to thoroughly satisfy a woman who exploits its charms. Do whatever gets you off."
"Great. I'm glad you're not offended," said Evie. She lifted up, unimpaled herself, and dropped her cunt back behind the behemoth. She resumed her position rubbing her clit along the top of his battering ram.
Meantime, Claire had put each hand around each cock beside her, and was jerking vigorously as all three of us watched Lance and Evie.
Evie suddenly stiffened, gripped the back of the seat tighter, whipped her head back, pushed hard against Lance, and started shaking. She was about to scream when Lance put his hand over her mouth. She gave out a muffled cry and came with gusto. She kept rubbing until her breathing returned to normal. She slid off of Lance, and his scimitar whipped up like a Medieval catapult, crashing into his stomach.
Evie dropped into her seat, wasted and thoroughly satisfied as promised.
"Well, I've got plenty of rev left. Claire, wanna give it a try?"
"You bet I do."
She got up from her seat. I had to stand so she could pass by. Her ass rubbed against my cock, which was quite pleasing. She stood in front of Lance, her back to him, raised her skirt, pushed back against his chest, and dropped her very wet pussy directly onto his raised drawbridge.
"Whoa," she said, "That is fucking amazing. I've never felt anything like that, and you will be a very hard act to follow". I felt a twinge of jealousy, and concern that my cock wouldn't do the trick once she and I finally fucked, but I put it out of my mind for the time being.
Claire moved up and down, lifting the front of her skirt so we could all see the action. She actually could lower herself all the way to balls deep, which meant she had a deeper cunt than Evie.
Up and down, up and down. Faster and faster. Only this time Lance was actively participating, jamming his cutlass hard into Claire. Both were sweating a bit, and I could see that this time, Lance was going to come at just the right moment.
"I'm ready, Lance. Give it to me as hard as you can." He did, and they both came intensely, shaking and writhing, pumping as though it was the first orgasm either had ever had. Slowing down, Lance's cum began to drip down Claire's legs. Claire stood. Tissues appeared (I swear the women hid the tissues in secret bodily orifices heretofore never discovered by men). Claire wiped up and lowered her skirt back down.
"I have nothing to say but WOW," muttered Claire.
Lance's erection was subsiding. He pushed himself back inside his pants, and stood next to Claire.
"This has been a delightful way to spend a half hour during which I otherwise would have been bored out of my mind. Now I must get back to work. I hope to see you again soon." That was it. He turned and walked back down the aisle.
Evie looked at Victor and me, and said, "You guys finish up on your won. We'll watch, and provide the tissues when you're done."
We did just that, Evie and Claire half-heartedly enjoying the sight, as they were both completely sated with sex, and looked like they just wanted a nap. When Victor and I came, the tissues once again came in handy.
We all got dressed, or rearranged our clothing, as called for. The movie was coming to an end (I think).
We got up and moved down the aisle before it was over, and scooted out the door into the hallway. We saw Lance about 20 feet away. He smiled and gave us a wave. Evie and Claire eagerly waved back. Victor and I just glared. And out the door of the theatre we went.
Chapter 4
Victor indicated he would be unavailable next morning as his STD test was scheduled, so he dropped us at our cars and said he would see us on Monday.
A brief digression is in order here. You have probably been wondering why we never seem to have to go to work. Well, here are the details. I was military and took retirement after my 20 years, at which point I began my lifelong pension. I live frugally, so don't need much money. Plus, my brother, who is very very successful, and knows I lead a strange demented life, slips me a few thousand every once in awhile, bless his heart. As for Victor, a decade ago he started a high-tech firm, which grew dramatically in 4 years, and which he sold to Intel for an amount of money embarrassing to mention. He will never have to work again, so he doesn't. Claire got a terrific settlement from her divorce, including the house. She can't live on the money forever, but she has a good 2 years during which she is a free man in Paris, so to speak, living the good life. She happens to be a skilled nurse and will go back to it when the money begins to run low. And Evie. Lovely Evie. She is still married and supported by her angry and bitter husband. He comes from great wealth, and is delaying the divorce because he knows she will get half of his estate, which will really piss him off. So she does not have to work, either. This explains why the four of us can meet every day.
Back to our story. After Victor left, Evie, Claire and I didn't want to part company, or so it seemed to me. Without actually saying so to each other, we knew that at some point we wanted to have a threesome in one of our residences. I also felt that I wanted to get to know them better as people, and also get some insight into their sexual relationship. I had seen no hint of it except when they walked into the rest area holding hands. I knew there was more to it than that.
I took a chance and suggested a plan.
"You know, girls. We don't have to go home alone. We could all go to my apartment for takeout, drinks and maybe a little TV. I really want to get to know you two better. What do you say?"
"Who said we were going home alone?" said Evie, "I'm headed for Claire's house to stay over."
"EVIE," Claire belted.
"It's OK, Claire," I said. "In fact, it clears up some questions I've had. But the three of us need to talk so I still think my plan is good. If you want, you two can stay over at my place. I have several beds. The sleeping arrangements can be determined later depending on the how the evening goes."
Claire and Evie looked at each other and both said "OK" at the same time.
"Great. I'll give you my address. I assume you have GPS, so we can meet there in an hour. That gives you both time to get home to get some overnight clothes, which I assume you both can pick up at Claire's. I'm on the first floor of a two-family house. Just ring the bell when you get there. For some reason I have never understood, there is always plenty of street parking, and there is no overnight parking ban. We can order takeout at that time. And I have plenty of beer."
We turned and went to our cars.
Chapter 5
Claire and Evie arrived together, ringing the bell. I answered, and saw that they each carried an overnight bag, which was a good sign. I was pleased to see that they hadn't bothered to change, which meant they were still naked under their skirts and blouses. After they each hugged me, I closed the door.
My apartment front door opened into the living room. As soon as the door was closed, Evie instantly pulled all her clothes off, kicked her sneakers up in the air, and landed on her back on the couch, her hands interlaced behind her head, one leg on the couch surface, and one over the back, so that her legs were spread wide.
"I simply cannot keep my clothes on if I don't have to. I've become a nudist. I love to be naked, and I love for people to see me naked."
"Just make yourself at home, Evie. Oh, I see you already have."
She laughed, "Just pretend I'm dressed, and we'll see how that goes."
Claire sat in one of the upholstered chairs. I sat in the other. I asked if anyone wanted beer. We all did, so I retrieved 3 bottles from the fridge.
"About me starving, I vote for Chinese but pizza is certainly an option". Both girls wanted pizza, so pizza it was, and I called it in. A 40-minute wait seemed reasonable, although by that time we would be even more hungry, and certainly buzzed after a few beers.
"Evie," Claire said, "we can't really ignore your nudity. I suggest Ron and I get naked too. Then we can all enjoy the view."
Claire and I didn't wait for an answer. We both stood and pulled off our clothes and shoes, and sat back down. We had seen each other naked a whole lot, so this was not exactly weird. But it was different in that there might not be a sexual component.
"So, we can talk, or we can wait until after we eat."
"I'm starved too," said Claire. "Let's watch TV until the food comes."
We found a channel we could agree on (hard to do with 250 to choose from), and settled back. Claire had moved to the couch for a better view, not to mention that she wanted to caress Evie's legs. I was jealous that my legs were being ignored. Just kidding. I loved the view.
At about 45 minutes, the doorbell rang. By that time we were feeling no pain. Evie yelled, "Let me get it. I've always wanted to do the Answer-the-Door-Naked Pizza-Guy Thing." Claire and I giggled. I turned off the TV.
Evie leaped up, ran to the door, and whipped it open. Claire and I hid behind the wall in the kitchen so we could watch.
Outside was a young man, about the same age as Lance. He was not the studmuffin that Lance was, but he was cute, with dimples and curly hair, and well proportioned. He held an insulated pizza delivery bag in one hand. His eyes bugged out when he saw Evie. He scanned her body, and then, embarrassed, he turned to look away.
"What," said Evie, "You haven't ever seen a naked woman? Think of me as a sensual bronze statue by Rodin, and feast your eyes."
He turned back to look at Evie's tits, and said, shakily, "Who is Rowdan?"
"OK, nevermind," she responded. "Think of me as a naked hot babe with hard nipples, great tits, a shaved pussy, and wet thighs. Does that work better for you?"
He blushed deeply. He looked at Evie's body more closely, and pushed his legs together. I could see a substantial bulge forming against his fly.
She grabbed his crotch, rubbed twice, then dropped her hand. "Nice package," she said. "Come on in, kid. We'll pay you, and you can go home and beat off." Give Evie a few beers, and she loses all inhibition. It was damn funny.
Evie turned and sauntered toward the kitchen. The kid followed, his eyes glued to Evie's gorgeous ass. When he walked into the kitchen, Claire and I were standing there naked. We loved the joke, and wanted to participate.
"I'm so sorry for how my sister is behaving, young man," I said. "The three of us never wear clothes around the apartment. We find it so liberating to always be naked. But my sister is a bit obsessed with sex, since she has no partner and sometimes has to watch wifey and me engage in carnal activity." I gestured between Claire and myself. "How much do I owe you?"
He stammered out the amount. I took my wallet off the counter. "You know, if you can stay for a little while, you can get naked with us. I promise you will instantly feel the wondeful freedom of nudity."
He looked terrified. "Oh, no. Oh, no. I can't. I have to get back to work. I'm so sorry. Otherwise I would, I just can't. Work. You know. Work." He paused and thought for a moment. "Could I come back some other time?"
"Of course," I said. "Just ring the doorbell whenever the spirit moves you. You'll be one of us in no time."
I paid him and gave a very large tip, which made him smile despite the awkward situation.
"Thank you," he said.
"Wait," said Evie. "Can I at least touch your cock so that I have something to remember you by until the next time?"
The young man was so flabbergasted he couldn't answer. Evie walked up to him, lowered herself to her knees, and unzipped him. She reached inside, and felt around, pretending she was having trouble finding her target. Then she grabbed his hard-on and pulled it out the front. It was a nice cock, not terribly long, but quite fat. It was uncut, the pink head revealed because it was rock hard. It stuck out almost perfectly parallel to the floor.
Evie ran her fingernails lightly along the bottom, and his cock jumped, as did the boy. She said, "Your cock is even nicer in the flesh. I love when they're fat and frisky. I wish you had time to stay, but you said you have to get back to work, so I'll just push this puppy back back where it came from." Which she did, with some difficulty as it didn't want to bend.
"Gosh," he whined. "Do you really have to do that?"
"Yep, you did say you are on borrowed time, and I don't want to be responsible for getting you fired."
She zipped him up and ushered him to the door.
His bulge looked quite painful, and he looked extremely disappointed.
Evie said, "If you do decide to come back, and try nudism, you can try me, too."
He turned around and sheepishly asked, "Is it OK if I tell my girlfriend about this?"
"Of course," said Evie, "Unless you think she will wallop you."
He gave us a really big grin. "Nope. She will find this funny and a real turn-on, and she'll wish she had been here."
"Is she as cute as you are?" asked Evie.
"Cuter," he responded.
"In that case, next time you come over, bring her along. By the way, what's your name?"
"Jamie."
"Well, Jamie, it's been fun. I look forward to you seeing all of me again, and speaking for all three of us, we'd most certainly like to see you and your girlfriend up close and personal. Don't be a stranger."
Jamie turned to walk away. Evie closed the door, and looked at us. "Sister?", "Wifey?" and we all broke into uproarious laughter. But we were so hungry that we quickly forgot everything but the pizza, which smelled really good.
Chapter 6
In case you didn't know, when you are starving, pizza and beer, especially if it is the third or fourth beer, is the closest thing to heaven on earth.
After supper, we returned to the living room, another beer in each of our hands. Evie and Claire were again on the couch. We were getting pretty buzzed, which meant the conversation was uninhibited. It was time to get serious and try to learn something real about each other.
I took the leap, as I was ready to gently confront Claire. Out of the blue I said to her, "When you were impaled on Lance, what did you mean when you said 'I've never felt anything like that, and you will be a very hard act to follow'. When I heard that, I felt jealousy and some insecurity. Afterall, you and I have never actually fucked. Now I'm nervous."
"Oh, Ron. I'm so sorry." She got up and came to my chair. She sat naked on my bare lap, which of course gave me a sexual rush, but I controlled it.
"I do love you. If I didn't, I never would have called you after 2 years. What I said to Lance is what women always say when confronted with a monster cock. In truth, it was a little painful, but I wasn't about to burst Lance's bubble. A normal size cock is a far better match for most women, and certainly for me."
Maybe it was the beer talking but I actually believed her, and I felt relieved. I hugged her close.
"What about me, kiddos?" said Evie. She came over to put her arms around both of us. Her tits ended up in my face, and I couldn't resist motorboating her. She happens to be ticklish, and she screamed with pleasure. So much for serious talk.
"Anyone wanna pee and then the three of us can hop into my king-sized bed?"
"What makes you think that after 4 beers we need to pee?" Claire asked. The three of us fell off the chair laughing, and rolled on the carpet. I was now half erect, but needing to pee really did make it impossible to get completely hard.
"OK, stop. If I don't pee, I won't be of much use in the bedroom," I said.
"Who needs you? Claire and I have each other. Haven't you heard the expression 'a woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle?'"
"I have," I said. "And maybe there is some truth to it, but not in this group, where it's just so much bullshit." Claire and Evie laughed, and kissed each other while still rolling on the carpet. I got up to pee. They followed me in to the bathroom, and watched. Claire even held my cock. It was kind of kinky, but exciting. When I was done, they each took a turn on the commode. All that tinkling was a further turn-on.
We staggered to the bedroom, and fell on the bed. All on our backs, me in the middle, hands everywhere. There was plenty of room, and fortunately I had had the sense to put on fresh sheets the day before. We were breathing hard from exertion. My cock was coming to life now that my bladder was empty.
Evie turned to me and vamped, "Well, here's another nice mess you've gotten us into." There was no good response to that except to kiss her, which I did. She responded by sticking her tongue in my mouth.
"And now get out of the way so I can jump on Claire", she said. She pushed off the bed, leaped over my body, and landed on top of Claire, who let out an "oomph".
"So," I said, "If it's extreme Sexual Olympic sports you want, I'm in."
Claire said, "Ron, I'd like to Luge down your body. Or pole vault using your cock."
We were giddy and drunk, and about to have a fantastic sexual escapade.
Evie and Claire rolled from side to side, as I propped myself on my elbow to watch. I was as hard as I could remember, and stroked my cock lightly to enhance enjoyment of the show.
Claire and Evie kissed for a while, hands exploring bodies. Pretty soon, Claire, who was on the bottom, pushed Evie's shoulders toward the front of the bed. Evie got the message. She kissed her way down Claire's body until she reached the heart shaped pussy. She immediately dug in, licking Claire's clit, her lips, her wet thighs. Claire quivered and uttered sighs and gasps. She fondled her own tits. In order to be positioned properly, Evie had to kneel on the floor in front of the bed. Now, here was my chance.
I rolled off the side of the bed, got on hands and knees, and crawled to within 2 inches of Evie's ass, her legs spread, her cunt visible, the wetness making it shine. I moved in for the kill. I stuck my tongue out and pushed right into her pussy. She jumped and said, "Hey, you could give a girl some warning. Nevermind, keep going."
I did. Licking her while she licked Claire. I was feeling that this had to be the best time for Claire and I to consummate our desire, and I had a strategy that would satisfy both women. After licking for a few minutes, with the women undulating and gasping, I came up for air. Evie lowered her back and raised her ass high like a dog in heat. I knew that could only mean one thing.
I squatted and put my cock against Evie's cunt. She pushed back hard until she had me fully inside her. She kept licking Claire while I thrust into and out of her. I reached around and started rubbing her clit. Her gyrations sped up. I didn't want to come, but I wanted her to. "Keep slamming and massaging, Ron. I'm about to come." At the same time I was fucking Evie, Claire was getting more and more aroused. She was getting it from all angles, and loving it.
Evie stiffened, pushed back hard all the way balls deep, and squeezed her Kegels. She trembled, and came with a yelp. In a minute she said, "Wow, Ron. That was great. You can use your cock to make me come any time you want."
"How gracious of you, but to put it bluntly, I really want to fuck Claire," I said. "Which is why I held back from coming in you. And I want to do Claire right now."
No words were spoken. Evie got off of Claire, rolled on to her back, and gestured that Claire was all mine. I climbed on top of her. Since she had had plenty of foreplay, and was already very wet, she said, "Ron, this is it. I'm thoroughly turned on. I want your cock inside me. Use your Nike and just do it."
I obliged. I raised up on 2 hands in pushup position, above her, my cock hovering. I lowered myself slowly, as Claire guided me to her opening. I teased her a bit by rubbing the head against her clit, but she clearly wanted penetration, so I entered, and when I was sure I was in, I jammed all the way. She called out, "Holy shit. That feels so good. I've wanted this for a long time. Now start pumping, you stud." I chuckled, and felt both my cock and my confidence growing.
I rammed her, in and out, full penetration, then almost fully backed out. Over and over. She joined and met my movements. I glanced over and saw the Evie was vigorously rubbing her clit, and breathing heavily, apparently working toward a second orgasm right after the first. Oh, that Evie. And she didn't look like she was far from away, either. Nor did Claire.
I wasn't going to last much longer. The desire to enter Claire had been so strong that the reality was dizzying.
"Claire, your cunt feels so tight around my cock, and I have wanted you so badly. I won't last."
"Nor will I," she responded.
My speed increased, my breathing heightened, my pulse quickened, my cock began to feel like it was reaching the point of no return.
"AAARRGGGHH." I screamed, and came, cum gushing into Claire.
At the same time, Claire yelled, "Oh, God, Oh, God. I'm coming. Don't stop Ron." She blasted off just a few seconds after I did, shaking uncontrollably. Her wetness poured out over my cock. I sank down on top of her, careful not to smother her. We were both panting.
Suddenly Evie called out, "That was fucking awesome to watch. I'm coming. Now you can watch me." We turned our heads and saw her jam her fingers into her cunt, while rubbing her clit with her thumb. Faster than I had seen before. She arched off the bed, stiffened, and screamed, unintelligibly but the meaning was clear. She also squirted liberally, but fortunately the blankets had been thrown to the floor, and almost all the squirt went to one corner of the (formerly) clean sheets, so no harm done.
When we had all calmed down, we resumed our positions on our backs.
"That was fucking amazing," said Claire. "Ron, you must believe me that you have nothing to concern yourself about. Your sexual technique is thoroughly satisfying."
Evie concurred, "When I fucked you in the rest area, it was one of the most exciting fucks I've had. And I am not just stroking your ego, although I do enjoy stroking another part of you."
I admit to blushing a bit, but I felt remarkably studly, something every man wants to feel.
It was going on midnight, and although tomorrow would be Saturday, we were all wasted from beer, pizza, and sex.
"I'd love it if you ladies would agree to share my bed with me for the night."
"Affirmative. It's exactly what we discussed just before we got here." said Evie.
We went together to the bathroom, peed one more time, wiped the residues of sex off, returned to the bedroom, rearranged the sheets and blankets, and crawled into bed, the three of us spooning, me in the middle. I was happier than I can ever remember. We fell asleep almost instantly.
And that brings us back to the present, when I awoke after that bad dream. I reached over to determine who was still in bed. It was Claire, so it must have been Evie in the shower. I was still naked, as I'm sure Claire was. I smiled contentedly.
Evie shut off the shower, and was back in the bedroom in about 3 minutes.
"Look who's awake," she said. Claire continued to sleep.
As Evie dried her hair, otherwise naked, a cell phone gave off a muffled ring. Apparently there was enough charge left for it to still work. Too bad, as you will hear. Evie went to her overnight bag, pulled out the phone, checked the number, and got a pissed off look on her face.
She answered with, "What the hell do YOU want?"
I could hear screaming from the other end, as Evie held the phone away from her ear.
"I'm ringing the bell at your apartment door, and you're not here. Where the hell are you?" yelled Patrick.
"None of your fucking business, asshole."
"Since I can't tell you in person, I'll tell you on the phone," he shouted. "And this also involves Claire, the person I assume is your fuck buddy. Jack and I plan to get to the bottom of what is going on with you two. God knows who else you are fucking. And we are going to use what we find against you. It's not too late for me to get a better divorce settlement, and it may be possible for Jack to go back into court to also try to screw Claire, which would at least compensate him for having to give her the house. So watch out. That's all. Have a nice day." He clicked off.
Evie said, "Fuck him," but she actually seemed a bit deflated. By that time Claire had woken up, and more or less figured out what was going on.
"What is Patrick's problem?" asked Claire.
"He and Jack want to try to fuck up our lives by prying into our behavior. It could be bullshit, or it could be trouble. I for one am not giving up what I have found with you, Ron and Victor. How about you, Claire?"
"We are not giving up our newfound freedom, that's for sure." she replied.
"I'm sorry this has spoiled our Saturday morning. I had hoped to repeat our romp of last night." I said.
"Yeah, me too," said Evie. "But it's probably better if Claire and I pack up, go back to her house, and discuss strategy. We are all going to be together on Thursday, which is only 5 days. And the three of us need to get our STD tests anyway. Let's call it a day."
Evie dressed. Claire took a shower before she dressed. I just put on a bathrobe so that I could shower after they left.
Overnight bags in hand, they walked to the front door, with me just behind.
"I'm so sorry this happened, Ron." said Claire. "But I'm also thrilled at what we did last night. We not only cleared the air, but we had great sex. I can live on that for a few days."
"Amen," chimed in Evie.
We all kissed. I opened the front door, and they left, turning to wave goodbye, with somber expressions on their faces.
I was saddened that they had to leave, but I agreed with Claire that last night had been very, very special. Now in the 5 days until we met Tyler and Taylor at Swinging Rhythms, Victor and I would have to help Claire and Evie thwart Patrick and Jack's nefarious intentions. And of course, lots more risky sex.
-----------------To Be Continued