"This thing is a wreck. Why are we driving this thing again?" asked Rebecca. Rebecca's long dark brown hair hung down over her d-cup breasts. She wore a short colorful bikini cover-up dress. Her bikini had a skirt bottom that John found mockingly modest.
"Because you and John didn't want to drive and Mia doesn't have a car yet. And mine decided it didn't want to start today. So we take the beater. And you'll stay quiet about it." said Cassy.
Rebecca mockingly stuck her tongue out at Cassy and Cassy reached out as if to grab it. Rebecca pulled back and Cassy went about getting ready.
John looked at the two of them repeating their lines. He wanted to shake his head at them but Mia was looking his way. They had planned all of this, the two of them. John had been there but was not entirely part of their planning committee. He had not really fought it either. No part of the plan was really so bad, he thought. As long as they were not caught. It was manipulative, sure, but the end result made the manipulation acceptable, right?
Cassy bent down to pick up her bag, giving John a view of her bikini bottoms. She was wearing a short sheer chiffon cover-up with a thin white belly shirt over her black bikini. The small halter top and side-tie bottoms left little to the imagination with so little to cover them. Making a motion as if to readjust her bottoms, she moved them to the side a moment before putting her bag in the trunk. John appreciated the view. Both her and Rebecca's clothing, he knew, were very carefully selected to be provocative to both him and Mia without being "too much", in Rebecca's words. They were also chosen to be easy to remove and provide easy access whenever the opportunity presented itself throughout their day.
Mia was standing next to the car, the only one dressed in normal summer clothes. Mia poked her head in the back seat and saw a piece of metal poking up through a hole in one of the seats. She could not tell where the piece of metal was coming from, or what it was meant to be doing, or if it had been important to the car's integrity at some time, but it was certainly sharp. No one was sitting in that seat, and there was no middle seat.
"Um, there're three seats guys. How are we going to all fit? You saw that piece of metal sticking up, right?" said Mia.
"Yeah, it's been like that forever. Rebecca will just sit on John's lap, it's not a long trip. We'll just have to take the back roads and enjoy the view." said Cassy.
She was lying, John knew. That piece of metal wasn't even part of the car and he was not even sure it was possible for a piece of metal to end up like that short of a horrible accident. It was Cassy's idea to make it so that one of them had to sit on John's lap. She wanted it to be Mia, but John said that would be too strong too quick, especially after what Mia saw a few weeks ago. They were all shocked that Mia pretended she had not seen anything and continued on with their plans to go to Water World in the first place. She had seemed a little nervous when she showed up this morning, but other than being a little reserved she had not said anything about it. John knew that one of the girls would bring it up later in the day after they had spent some time warming her up. For now, they were all going to pretend nothing had happened.
Mia clearly looked uncomfortable at the idea of Rebecca riding on John's lap, obviously thinking back to the incestuous threesome she walked into not that long ago. But she was also pretending that she never saw any of it, and so she held her tongue. It makes the most sense to have the sister ride on the brother's lap, as there would be no chance of sexual tension, right? At least, that's what all four of them were going to pretend was true.
"Alright, time to get going. It should only take about thirty minutes on the back roads", said Cassy.
Cassy got into the driver's seat and Mia sat next to her. Cassy put her magnetic phone case against the phone holder and turned it so it faced only her. Also pre-planned, for any communication needs. The safe back seat was right behind the front passenger seat, so John sat behind Mia. Thankfully the beater car had a high ceiling and plenty of legroom. Mia's seat had been moved forward ahead of time so that Rebecca and John would have extra room. John had not been told every part of their plan but had pieced together what Rebecca had in mind for this part of the trip. As Mia was busy upfront, John and Rebecca both got into position in sync. John slipped his trunks down just enough to pull his penis up over the top of his trunks while Rebecca pulled her dress up and carefully sat on John's lap so that her dress was not between her and John. She also pulled the sides of her bikini skirt up and repositioned it so that her ass was right on top of John's now aroused cock. John quickly felt the surprise Rebecca had mentioned to him the night before. She had cut out a piece of the bikini underneath the skirt so that he had easy access to her already wet pussy.
The cut hole was just large enough to have easy access but not large enough to easily notice if the skirt flipped up during a water slide. It might make someone question what they saw, but not get them kicked out. She would still have to be careful bending over.
Cassy rolled down the windows and turned the pop music station up as she pulled out of the driveway. John and Rebecca didn't want to look suspicious so they waited a few minutes, Rebecca's wet lips sitting on top of John's hard cock. As Cassy pulled onto the bumpy gravel back roads they knew it was time to move. Rebecca leaned forward ever so slightly as John reached down to lift his hard cock and moved it against her waiting pussy lips. Just then Cassy hit a large pothole on their side of the vehicle. John's cock thrust into Rebecca, lubricated with her juices and his precum, and Rebecca gasped. Mia looked back at them both and Rebecca smiled at her.
"I'm fine, I just hit his knee," said Rebecca. She looked back at John with a sparkle in her eye that told him she was enjoying this far too much. The sudden thrust into her combined with almost getting caught and doing this directly behind Mia was going to be almost too much for her. He saw her reach for her phone and start texting.
In a group chat between her, John, and Cassy she wrote: I vote we don't move for thirty minutes and Cassy hits all the potholes. Tell Mia the beater has bad steering.
"READING NEW TEXT MESSAGE FRO-"
Cassy grabbed her phone quickly from the phone holder and swerved to stay on the road as she stopped the phone from reading the text. Mia looked over with big eyes and a clear question on her mind.
"Sorry, it was from someone I'm seeing, I didn't want anyone to hear it. I set it to show me the text in a big font instead. I didn't know I had it set to read them out loud." said Cassy as she set the phone back against the holder and turned it so Mia couldn't read it.
John felt Rebecca shaking from quiet laughter. Cassy looked at both of them in the mirror that she had turned so she could barely see them but Mia couldn't. She winked. Rebecca nudged John and nodded backward and John pulled back against the corner a bit, making it even harder for Mia to see without her turning her body around. Rebecca leaned back against John, completely relaxed with John still rock hard inside her.
Cassy began to slowly move back and forth along the empty gravel roads hitting bigger rocks and bumpy areas. The constant bumps and vibrations were a great source of pleasure for both John and Rebecca, who tried not to move at all. After ten minutes of this Rebecca grabbed John's hand and placed it in front of her crotch. He lifted her skirt and moved his index finger to reach between the cut fabric to find her clit. The fabric around the opening was noticeably wet, and he knew they'd have to stop before they got to Water World so he could dry his trunks of any juices. He began rubbing her clit, but mostly he laid it against it and let Cassy take the wheel, so to speak.
They sat like this for a while, and he felt so close to her, just sitting there inside her with the people he loves around him. Mia being in front of them, maybe knowing what they're doing, maybe not, made it all the more pleasurable. Cassy not touching them but still being involved was also wonderful. He would have to reward her driving later.
He wanted to be the provider of some of the surprises today, and he wanted to start early. He knew they were less than ten minutes away, and would need to stop soon. He felt Rebecca was pretty close, and he had been straining not to ejaculate for a while now. He had a plan for a big finish.
He subtly stuck his thumb in his mouth and covered it with saliva. He pushed on Rebecca's back and motioned for her to lean forward as if he wanted to readjust. Instead, he reached for the opening in her bikini bottoms and found the second opening he was looking for. Little did he know she had been playing with an anal toy before they left. Cassy had convinced her it would be a good idea to loosen up beforehand, to prepare. His thumb went right in.
She closed tightly around his thumb and his cock at the same time, and leaned backward quickly, sitting on his wrist. Her eyes went wide at the surprise. Cassy noticed something in the mirror, knew something was going on and decided to hit potholes more frequently. She muttered something about "this damn steering" to Mia.
Rebecca began to tighten as John did his best to move his thumb in and out of Rebecca's tight asshole, pushing against the thin wall separating his thumb and penis. Rebecca pushed down, almost painfully, and he removed his hand quickly. She began subtly moving her hips back and forth and Cassy quickly said something to Mia to distract her. Rebecca came hard from all of the separate stimuli and John came inside her.
They sat there a moment, Rebecca slumped back lying against John, hot semen and limp cock still inside her. Mia did not seem to notice with Cassy's distraction. After a moment John prodded Rebecca to lean up. Rebecca grabbed his cock before he could, and she quickly wiped up as much cum as she could off of it with her hand. She then sat on her hand so that as much cum as possible would come out onto it.
John put his cock back into his trunks and use a towel next to him to wipe off some of the wetness on his trunks. Thankfully he didn't think anyone would be able to notice any staining.
After a few minutes John noticed Rebecca moving her hand near her crotch. He leaned forward and realized she was smearing his cum around her crotch and inner thighs. He'd noticed on their previous occasions she seemed to have a mild cum fetish. She then stuck a finger inside her and wiped some cum over her lips, and then sucked and licked her finger clean.
That's one way to clean up.
--
They arrived at the water park right as it was opening. The gates had barely anyone waiting to rush in. The predicted rain showers had held off so far, but the idea of cold rain was still enough to keep most people from going to a water park. Which always seemed weird to John, since you could just sit in the heated pools if you wanted to. It was also early during a weekday, and school had just started back up.
Rebecca wiggled her hips one last time on John's lap before getting out of the car. John winced, hoping he didn't get an erection. Swim trunks did not hide erections. He had been dreading this problem all week. But he had also prepared. He brought a small bag with a short handle to carry an e-reader, sunscreen, and some towels and adult items in. It would be perfect.
John stepped out of the car carefully, noticing his half-erect bulge was somewhat noticeable. Mia did not seem to notice and said she was going to go on ahead. Rebecca seemed to take this as a chance as she rushed at Cassy and gave her a deep kiss while Mia was walking away. The sight of them kissing in public with their mutual friend in the background was not helping John's problem. John then remembered what Rebecca had done with his cum just minutes before. Definitely not helping.
After a brief moment, they stopped and grabbed their things, and went into the park.
Mia still needed to change, and they all needed sunscreen. They walked through the ride area to find some changing rooms next to a somewhat secluded pool area that no other groups had gotten to yet with some tables and lounge chairs. Mia went to change as the others laid some of their stuff out. They figured they could sit and enjoy the sun a bit before clouds moved in and then enjoy the rides after.
"Go peak," said Cassy, looking at John.
"What? No, that's wrong."
"So is fucking your sister behind her back." Cassy looked at Rebecca with a mischievous grin.
Rebecca walked over to the small separate changing rooms. They were individual shack-like buildings, almost like outhouses, with noticeable cracks. It surprised John that changing rooms like this would even be allowed these days, but he supposed the bigger changing rooms were available elsewhere in the park and there would normally be many people here to spot any perverts like his sister.
Rebecca peaked into the cracks from a distance, careful not to make a shadow. She reached for her phone in a pocket that was not there before looking back at it sitting on a table, then looked back into the crack. She walked back to the two of them.
"My god she's cute. I have dibs on putting on her suntan lotion," she said.
"John's doing mine then," said Cassy.
John rolled his eyes at their planning. The gears in their heads never stopped anymore.
Mia walked out, holding her clothes up against her body. It didn't quite block the view. Her pale white skin and petite body were shown nicely, the small pink bikini doing little to hide what lies beyond. John stood behind his bag sitting on the table.
"I'll get your suntan lotion if you get mine!" said Rebecca.
Rebecca grabbed Mia's shoulders, touching her a little more than necessary, and pushed and motioned for her to lie down on her stomach on a lounge chair. She grabbed a bottle and began warming some of the lotion in her hands. Mia's face was pointed the other way as Rebecca mimed rubbing it against her crotch without actually doing so. John had no doubt that if she had fresh cum available, she'd do it.
Cassy looked around and noticed no one was around yet. The park truly felt nearly deserted, especially in their area. The rest of the people had decided the opposite of them, to enjoy the rides while the lines were short and before the potential rush of other people arrived. This area couldn't really be seen from the others, with this area of the park being heavily planted. She tugged John's dick through his trunks and lied down in front of him.
Little did both of them know that John had something that Rebecca did not have. And while John knew Cassy did not particularly have a cum fetish, he definitely had a fetish for his two sexy relatives having his cum on them. And he had prepared a surprise about an hour ago right before they left. He grabbed Cassy's suntan lotion as well as another smaller container, checking to make sure that Mia was still facing the other direction. They were a few chairs and a large table away, so John leaned down to whisper in Cassy's ear. While doing so he reached over her with his right hand and groped her right breast and tweaked her nipple.
"I have some surprises too. This is a fresh little present I prepared earlier thinking of you two. Rebecca will be jealous. If you don't get in the water maybe she'll lick it off for you later."
He made a show of pouring suntan lotion into the container and mixing it, then pouring it into his hand where she could see. As he was sitting the small container into his bag, Rebecca had Mia turn over. Mia tried to tell her she could get her own front but Rebecca insisted she help Mia get a good smooth covering of lotion.
John rubbed his hands back and forth as if warming up normal lotion, where Cassy's large eyes and grinning face could still see it, and then he started spreading the suntan lotion sperm mixture over her smooth small back. John could tell Cassy was tense, and she had turned her head away from Mia and closed her eyes. John was a bit too turned on at this point so he knelt down to hide his half-erect penis behind Cassy as he spread his seed across his cousin's skin.
Rebecca was also having fun with her own prey. Mia was trying to play ball but Rebecca was taking things too far. She was spreading the lotion just a bit too slowly, pushing just a bit too much at the edges of Mia's bikini at every touch. John could tell from a distance that Mia had goosebumps and was trying to act calm. He could not decide if she was miserable, nervous, enjoying it, or wanted to run screaming away from these weird confusing people. But so far she pretended like everything was normal and nothing was amiss.
Rebecca then told Mia it was her turn, and Rebecca plopped herself face down and looked over at Cassy. Cassy turned her head and smiled at Rebecca. While Mia was busy quickly applying suntan lotion, John moved his hands a little further up Cassy's legs than a cousin should and slid his finger along her slit. John pulled Cassy's side a bit to make her turn her ass towards him a little. He quickly used his hand to push his hard cock against her ass through his trunks and told her she can get the rest herself and that he just needed her to do his back. She got up and he sat down facing away from the other two.
They all finished and lied down and chatted about normal things. Clouds started moving in, and the radar showed the rain really was going to hold to its schedule. The park was still mostly empty, so they decided it was time to head to the rides.
--
After putting their stuff away in lockers they went through some of the best water slides in the country. Up next was a new one they had all been waiting for, but especially three of them.
The Long Night was a fairly new ride, revealed last year. None of them had been on it yet. It was a slow pitch-black ride on a four-person inflatable with occasional quick plunges and sharp turns, but most of it was a very slow ride down. The anticipation of the unknown was part of the fun.
They climbed to the top and got on. Rebecca sat opposite Mia, and Cassy sat across from John. The inflatable was relatively small so everyone's legs were bent, and their elbows were touching. It was going to be a little more difficult than they expected to mess with each other without Mia noticing.
The lifeguard at the top gave them a push and in they went. They took a turn and almost immediately they could not see a thing, and they wasted no time. John felt what he suspected was Cassy's foot against his crotch. He hoped she would be very careful with that during the plunges.
"I really can't see a thing. Can you Mia?" said Rebecca.
"Nothing. Is this thing even moving?" said Mia. She sounded more nervous than she wanted to let on. She was always the least excited to get on rides with drops and almost never did roller coasters.
She was right, the tube was moving incredibly slow. The ride was said to last a few minutes long.
John felt Rebecca slowly and subtly move her legs so that they were touching Mia's as much as possible without being suspicious. He carefully felt with his foot and found Rebecca's ankle and suspected her foot was softly touching Mia's thigh.
They took a sudden plunge immediately followed by a hard turn. Cassy's foot bounced up and down against John's crotch. All of their legs, which they were not properly keeping bent towards themselves, tangled together. Mia grabbed John's hand and held it to her lap almost instinctively. He felt the warmth of her crotch and wondered if she even noticed how low she was holding his hand.
Mia let go of his hand and he took it away slowly. In the same motion, he acted as if he was repositioning himself, but was leaning over towards Rebecca. He reached and pulled her over, cupping a breast and squeezing, and kissed her deeply. A quick turn almost forced them to fall sideways onto Mia and Cassy's legs but they both managed to save themselves in time. They returned to their kiss, their tongues playing quickly with each other, and then he playfully pushed her back as they continued to slowly spin back and forth in the pitch-black tunnel.
The play began to be more frantic as the turns and plunges began to become more frequent. Their movements were less noticeable and they knew they had little time left. John played with Rebecca's right breast as his right foot massaged Cassy's pussy behind her bikini bottoms. He could feel Mia's feet resting below his legs and enjoyed her soft warm skin against the bottom of his knees. He felt a hand tentatively feel his crotch, exploring the full length of his partially erect cock. He thought he heard a small gasp when the hand disappeared and reappeared shortly after at the top of his trunks and reached inside, slowly stroking him. The plunging and twisting of the ride adding to the pleasure of the handjob from Rebecca.
Suddenly there was a plunge followed by a twist and a faint light. They quickly repositioned themselves and checked their clothing. John covered his crotch with his hands and tensed his legs to try to get rid of his erection before they had to get out of the inflatable. Thankfully the ride exited into an enclosed pool reserved for a few slide exits and few would be around to see.
"That was fun. I thought it would be boring but you never knew what would happen next. The anticipation was killing me the whole time." said Cassy.
"Yeah, it wasn't so bad," said Mia.
"There were certainly some unexpected twists," said Rebecca.
"We should chill for a bit. I'd love to do the lazy river. Rebecca?" Mia said quickly.
"Sure. I know you guys hate lazy rivers, why don't you guys go enjoy some more rides?" said Rebecca.
"Yeah, I could use another good ride after all that," said Cassy.
John tried his best not to roll his eyes and glanced at Mia who thankfully was looking away at the time and not minding them. Rebecca already knew the only ride Cassy was going to get on while they were in the lazy river was John's cock.
--
John and Cassy had managed to slip into an individual changing room together in a less crowded part of the park. John entered first, and after a while, he cracked the door and Cassy entered.
John immediately pulled the strings on either side of Cassy's bikini bottoms and she dropped to her knees in front of him to drop his trunks. He then undid her halter top and let it fall to the ground. She grabbed his penis and ran her tongue along the underside of it while maintaining eye contact.
"We probably don't have time to do a lot of foreplay," he whispered.
She glared at him but obviously agreed. There wasn't a lot of room to work within the changing room, it was about the size of an old outhouse with one small corner bench big enough for one person to sit on. John could not help but think of what interesting positions a gymnast like Mia could accomplish in a tight space such as this. He hoped to find out someday.
John decided to continue his spree of being more dominant and surprising by being the one to initiate their position. He grabbed her by the waist, turned her away from him, and pushed her against the wooden wall near the front corner. It made a light sound against the thin wood. He grabbed her small ass and squeezed both cheeks, and pulled her back so her ass stuck out towards his now full mast cock.
"Jesus, this is hotter than I thought it would be. I can see all the hot strangers out there through the crack. I almost hope one of them sees what you're doing to me." she said a little too loudly.
He pushed his cock into her dripping wet pussy. The long day of teasing had been more than enough to prep anyone for this. He knew he would not last long.
He thrust in and out of her hot lips, enjoying the smooth sensation of her walls gripping his cock. She was already well on her way to her first orgasm. He continued at his current pace as he grabbed both of her small tits and played with them. He kissed and licked along her neck until she turned her face back and they kissed.
It was only minutes of this before he was cumming inside of her. He rubbed her clit with his right hand as he tweaked her nipple with his left, just like his cousin liked it. The combination of his hot cum and extra stimulation was enough to send her over the edge. The intense wave of squeezing milked his cock for every drop of sperm it could give to her pussy.
For a moment he simply held her against him and they kissed. His limp penis slowly fell out of her and he remembered his newfound fetish for having his cum smeared all over his cousin and sister.
He quickly reached down and caught the majority of the first wave of cum to fall out of his cousin's pulsating pink lips. He looked at her to gauge her reaction and she smiled and raised an eyebrow, waiting to see what he would do to her with it.
She held her hand under her pussy to collect any more cum, clearly interested in using as much as they could. John brought his hand up and stuck a finger in it and coated her lips, then stuck his finger in her mouth. She sucked it clean. He then painted her, slowly. It was like erotic finger painting. He felt incredibly silly at first, exploring a new fetish he only just realized that day he had, but it was sensual, and in a strange way made him feel closer to Cassy. Maybe it was silly, but it was certainly sexy.
He painted her nipples next, doing large circles around them and then spending too long slowly going over them, making sure they were evenly coated. He enjoyed feeling each and every bump that made up each areola. Her nipples were hard as diamonds, and Cassy was covered in goosebumps. He painted lines down her front, slowly, enjoying the feeling of her skin and hearing her shallow breaths as she tried to keep her stomach still. He used the rest to paint invisible designs on her face, to which she seemed pleased.
She raised her hand from her crotch and showed him how much more had oozed out. She licked some and let it fall back off her tongue. She leaned back against the wall of the changing room and smeared it over her pussy lips and around her inner thighs. She put on her bikini bottoms quickly and licked her hand clean.
"We should go find them. I'm sure Rebecca has worked her magic on Mia and we'll know how Mia feels about all this one way or another. Hopefully, she isn't on her way home in an uber already." said Cassy.
--
Mia and Rebecca decided to get some snacks before going to the lazy river. Rebecca knew John and Cassy wouldn't be too long and was worried that she would not be able to delay the start of any awkward conversations with Mia once they were relatively alone in the lazy river. After she stalled for a while around the comforting company of loud strangers, they left to continue their original plan.
Mia and Rebecca walked to the lazy river and grabbed inner tubes. Most people were in the heated pools or slides without the sun to warm them, so they were mostly alone. The water was chilly but they were used to it by now and hopped up on their inner tubes.
As they started to float down the lazy river Rebecca could tell Mia had something on her mind. Rebecca knew that that something was a hard something and that it belonged to John.
"Something on your mind? Something hard to talk about maybe?" she asked, putting emphasis on the word hard.
Mia froze and looked around as if expecting to see John nearby. The nearest people were outside of earshot.
"What are you talking about?"
Rebecca was slowly floating away from Mia, so she started paddling closer.
"Hold on, we need to lock together."
As Rebecca got close she threw her legs up onto Mia's inner tube. She planted one leg between Mia's legs, and one on the opposite side, and told Mia to do the same. Mia hesitated but decided it was easier to comply.
"I felt a hand on John, and it wasn't John's, and it couldn't have been Cassy's."
Mia blushed. Her mouth gaped, then opened and closed as she tried to think of how to respond.
"You don't have to explain. John didn't realize, I don't think. But he would have liked it if he'd known you were feeling him up."
"Is that what you guys were doing? I thought there was a lot of movement even when we weren't being shaken around by the ride."
Rebecca smiled and stayed silent for a bit.
"Yes, we were. I was wondering if you would notice or say anything."
Mia looked embarrassed.
"I wasn't sure if I should say anything. It's none of my business."
"But it is. You were part of it even if you didn't realize it. It was hotter because you were there."
Mia seemed to get a sudden boost of confidence and looked at Rebecca.
"Did you know I was there the night I walked in on all of you?"
"No, we thought everyone had gone home. We weren't sure if you'd mention that either. We didn't want anyone to find out about our relationship."
"I didn't tell anyone if you're worried. Like I said it's none of my business," said Mia. She looked nervous and unsure of what to do or say next.
Rebecca pulled the two inner tubes as close as they could go and moved her legs against Mia's, sliding her skin against them.
"It doesn't have to be."
Mia froze, and her right leg caressed Rebecca's slightly and stopped suddenly.
"Doesn't have to be what?"
"It doesn't have to be none of your business."
Rebecca decided to gamble and push things a little further and glanced around quickly. The coast was clear. She moved the foot that was in between Mia's legs and lightly rubbed against her crotch.
Mia's expression was unrecognizable to Rebecca and she could not decide if she had gone too far.
"I'm sorry. Maybe we should go find the others and just talk about this if it's bothering you," said Rebecca. She slid out of her inner tube, and Mia followed suit.
"No, I was just surprised. I'm not like you guys, I don't do this stuff. I'm... I just don't do this stuff. But maybe that can change. I think you know I've always liked John. But I like girls too, Rebecca. I like you, too. A lot." said Mia. As she continued, her words came even faster, merging together into a stammer. "And this whole thing has just been so confusing. Seeing the three of you together made me feel a lot of different things. I like you and John both, but then you're both together, but you're also related! And then Cassy too. And we had this Water World trip already planned and I just-"
Rebecca grabbed Mia's back and pulled her against her, their breasts meeting in the middle. Rebecca kissed her lightly, so as not to scare her, and as she pulled back sucked on Mia's lower lip. She opened her eyes to see Mia's beautiful cute face looking back, and John and Cassy in the back looking at them in delighted shock.
--
John and Cassy approached Mia and Rebecca as they climbed out of the lazy river. Mia did not know they had been caught, so she acted as normally as she could. Rebecca winked at the two of them and nodded.
"Did you two have fun?" asked Cassy, looking at Mia.
"Yeah, we got a bite to eat too," said Rebecca.
"So did I," said Cassy.
Mia looked at Cassy a little too quickly and blushed.
"Maybe we should-" Rebecca was interrupted as a heavy shower of rain unexpectedly came down. It was cold, big globs of water, the kind you do not want when you're wearing almost nothing.
Rebecca squealed. John thought fast and looked around. There were a few places to seek shelter close to them but they did not block all the rain and the wind was blowing just enough to blow the rain underneath them, and some other people were already taking up those spaces. He saw some of the buildings under construction and pointed to them.
"Let's go over there," he said.
The four of them rushed to the nearest building. John looked around but anyone who cared if they trespassed was busy finding shelter or drying off. There did not appear to be any workers or security present. The building was small with a single room. John could not tell what it was going to be used for, but it was mostly empty and had plenty of space. It was an older building that was being remodeled, and it looks like they were in the middle of removing a small section of the wall that was currently covered in a tarp.
After trying and failing to open the door John directed them to the tarp. They could each slip through the gap in the side as it was not tied very tightly, clearly not meant to be left there long term. All four of them were dripping wet and freezing cold. The air inside the building was not much warmer. The sun had not been out much that day to warm the building, and the air was not particularly warm that day either.
John knew what Cassy and Rebecca were thinking long before they said it.
"We should huddle for warmth. I'm freezing," said Rebecca.
"Agreed. We don't know how long this rain will last, and we can't go get our phones out of the lockers," said Cassy.
Mia was silent but did not protest. John looked at her and she smiled at him as if to say it was ok with her.
Rebecca and Cassy walked over to a corner and told John to sit down so they could cuddle up against him. Cassy sat down first on John's left. Rebecca motioned for Mia to sit on John's right. She then picked up a mostly clean small tarp near them. Rebecca then sat down next to John and put the tarp over all their legs to block the draft. She scooted hard to the left to push Mia closer to John and bring them all closer together. She then laid all her weight sideways against Mia and pushed her down against John. Cassy did the same.
Mia hesitated and fought it for a moment. John put his arm on Mia's shoulder and lightly pulled her close. He felt her soft skin against his. Her warmth heating his freezing wet skin under the cold plastic tarp. It felt like heaven. His childhood crush, his beautiful sister, and his sexy cousin all lying against him nearly naked, sharing their warmth.
They just lied there a while, enjoying it. John could feel Mia relax. After a few minutes, John could tell Rebecca had begun rubbing Mia's arm slowly, sensually. Cassy soon after was reaching for John's trunks. Just the feeling of having them all so close was enough to have John at half-mast.
John could feel movement from Cassy's side and suspected she had begun playing with herself. She then had John's cock out of his trunks and began stroking it. Thankfully Mia was positioned in such a way that she could not tell, and Cassy was being careful not to make too much noise from the tarp. John knew the secret play was not going to last though. This would escalate.
Just then he thought he heard something and he stiffened. Mia looked up from his shoulder and then at the tarp they came through at.
"-ought I saw someone come in here earlier. I'll check it out real quick." someone said from outside.
They each reacted instantly in the kind of panic everyone who has been caught doing something naughty knows. They each grabbed the tarp and pulled it up over them and tried to appear as small as possible. Cassy pulled herself up against John as tightly. Mia, when turning to look at the tarp, had turned herself to face away from John and so pushed her ass against his crotch when she pulled back against him. John was hard as a rock with Mia's petite gymnast body so closely held against him. Rebecca moved closer to Mia, hugging her, and they took up as little space as they could under the tarp. They all remained motionless as they heard the man use his key on the door.
John was acutely aware of the location of the tip of his penis. It was resting against Mia's ass, or perhaps between her thighs, he could not tell. All he knew was that she certainly knew. Cassy started kissing his neck from behind him and lightly caressing his balls. The door creaked open and the sound of the wind and rain covered the room.
Mia moved further back, moving her ass against John, and then froze in place. She must not have noticed his cock at first. Now it was almost certainly resting somewhere against her crotch as he felt the warmth. Rebecca seemed to notice something as he saw her shoulder move from underneath the tarp and then felt what he assumed was her hand on his penis.
They could tell the two men were talking to each other inside the building near the door but not what they were saying over the wind and rain from under the tarp. Maybe they were waiting on the rain to calm down before moving on.
Perhaps Rebecca gave Mia some encouragement, or she got a surge of confidence, but what happened next shocked John. He felt Mia reach down and untie her bikini bottoms. Mia or Rebecca pulled the fabric away, and Mia grabbed his cock and guided it to her warm lips. She scooted backward and tried to position herself as best she could to allow him to enter her, all while trying not to move the tarp. Thankfully the wind coming through the building from the tarp on the wall was now strong enough to make the men dismiss any small movements.
He tried his best not to moan as he felt the tip of his cock enter the hot pussy of his childhood best friend. He thought he could hear the sound of wet kissing from underneath the tarp from Rebecca and Mia. He felt Cassy reaching underneath his crotch to feel his cock and felt Mia's wet soft lips wrapped around it, and thought he heard a mumbled "wow".
John tried to insert himself deeper with small readjustments, trying not to make big movements of the tarp. He ever so slightly moved his cock back and forth, creating just enough sensation for the both of them. He leaned his head forward to kiss Mia's shoulder. The room grew quiet and they heard the door shut. They froze and listened, and they knew the men had left.
Cassy threw the tarp off of them and took in the full sight in front of her. Mia and Rebecca were making out, harder now and less quiet. John moved so that he could go deeper into Mia with each thrust. Cassy saw that the only free genitalia to play with was Rebecca's.
Cassy threw the tarp away from them, warmth be damned. She lied down sideways facing Rebecca's crotch and lifted her legs. Rebecca, never stopping her tongue play with Mia, lifted her leg to give access. Cassy began licking and sucking in patterns and places she knew Rebecca enjoyed. She was not going to take her time as she knew they would not be here too long. The park may be closing if the rain does not stop soon.
"I want to see you while I fuck you," said John.
Cassy and Rebecca both stopped and looked at John, then at each other. This was shocking coming from him. The idea of fucking his childhood friend after all these years after a day of sexual energy and new things had clearly resulted in a new level of confidence. John already knew Mia was taking contraception thanks to Cassy and Rebecca.
Mia turned around, keeping John inside of her as she did so. They switched to missionary position and John looked into her eyes as his cock explored deep inside her pussy. She leaned up and they kissed each other.
Rebecca and Cassy also decided to break off and change positions into a 69. Rebecca directed Cassy to do so so that Cassy's head was right next to Mia's and Rebecca's pussy would be clearly visible. Mia alternated between watching John fuck her and watching John's cousin and sister licking and sucking each other's pussies noisily beside them.
John could tell the entire thing was getting to Mia, and he saw lust in her that he never thought he'd see. Her pale skin flushed and she played with her own breasts as she moaned lightly. Eventually, after watching Cassy work she leaned over and licked Rebecca's pussy as well. Cassy turned her head sideways to squeeze next to Mia's and their tongues worked in unison on Rebecca's glistening lips and clit. Cassy occasionally played with Mia's tongue as well, though Mia seemed more concerned with Rebecca.
John could feel himself ready to blow, more so after seeing his sister's pussy double-teamed. He squeezed Mia's breasts with one hand, playing with her nipples, and rubbed her clit with the other. She began squeezing him rhythmically and he knew they were both ready to cum.
Suddenly Mia moaned into Rebecca's pussy, as she squeezed hard down on John's cock. He pumped more cum into Mia than he expected to have left after the day he had had. He slumped down on top of Mia and she turned to kiss him, his sister's juices covering her face, lips, and tongue. He tasted her on Mia and it made his cock twitch inside her. He pulled away and admired her beautiful face. He noticed how wet it was from Cassy's saliva mixed with Rebecca's natural lubricants and began licking her face. Mia giggled and pulled back before kissing him again.
John looked over and Cassy and Rebecca were still going at it. He looked over at Mia and held up a hand to say "wait a second, I have a plan". He grabbed Rebecca's ass and pulled back, throwing her pussy first at Mia's face. He then pulled Cassy out from under her to himself.
"I believe you two have unfinished business from the lazy river," said John, winking at Mia.
Mia blushed, obviously only just now realizing that they had seen them kiss earlier. It seemed silly now to care, but that did not stop her first reaction. Her second reaction was to shove her face into Rebecca's cunt. Rebecca moaned and used her hands to pull herself toward's Mia's own pussy. Rebecca spread Mia's legs apart and began to lick clean all of the cum leaking out. After she had done that she used her tongue to get as much as she could out of Mia's pussy and swallow it all. She then focused on making Mia moan as much as possible.
John did much the same for Cassy, though thankfully with no cum involved. He inserted a finger while flicking her clit with his tongue playfully. The sounds of moaning and the smell of their orgy was overwhelming for John. He tried to see Mia and Rebecca licking each other's pussies as he sucked on Cassy's lips and began to feel Cassy tremor. Mia and Rebecca were not too far behind.
After the four of them were too exhausted to do anything else, they each silently climbed into each other's arms and lied there in a naked pile, clinging to each other and occasionally kissing or licking another. After about five minutes John knew they needed to get moving. It was quiet outside, so the rain had stopped, but it was too quiet. He was worried the park had been closed and the people forced to leave due to weather and he wasn't sure how they would get out of the park unseen if that were the case.
"We need to get out of here. If the park closed we could get caught. Let's get dressed."
They all stood up on wobbly legs and put their swimsuits on. John peaked out of the tarp first and the coast was clear. He saw a few people at nearby lockers and changing rooms getting their stuff and leaving. No one was looking their way so they quickly got back onto the pavement and made their way to their lockers to get dressed and grab their things. Over the loudspeakers, they heard an announcement reminding everyone the park was closing due to more bad weather moving in.
"Looks like we made it just in time. Not a bad day considering the rain," said Cassy.
"I certainly had fun on the rides, and I enjoyed getting wet each time," said Rebecca.
Mia giggled as they all left the changing rooms near the lockers and headed back to their car. It was a slow walk, especially for John. The day had been more of a workout than he was used to at a water park.
"Hey Mia, I want to sit up front on the ride home. Do you mind sitting on John's lap this time?" said Rebecca with a smile.
Mia looked at John and smiled back at Rebecca. "I think I can do that. We should probably take the back roads again though. Just to be safe of course."
"Of course," said John.