This story is an attempt at erotic historical fiction. In a broad sense, the history described in his story is accurate although, of course, the central characters and specific events describe are fictitious. Some real institutions and people are mentioned but, insofar as the author knows, none of them ever did the specific things ascribed to them in this story. Any similarities between any of the central characters in this story and any real persons, living or dead, are unintended and completely coincidental. I encourage comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable. Thank you for reading.
_______________________________________________________________
I met Trudi Rothmann at a farmhouse in northern Virginia in July 1942. Trudi, I learned, was 25; two years younger than me. She was tall for a woman, only slightly shorter than my six feet. Much of her height appeared to be in her legs. I could only see part of her calves below the hem of her dress, but they were very promising. The dress was tight enough to show that Trudi had an excellent figure. The face framed by her shoulder-length blonde hair reminded me a little of the German actress Brigitte Helm. Trudi's fluent, educated English was delivered with a noticeable German accent.
The farm had been taken over for the duration by the new Office of Strategic Services. I had been summoned from my Army Signal Corps training in Davis, California. I wondered whether I had attracted the OSS's attention because I'd learned fluent German from my immigrant grandparents as a child growing up in Chicago or because I had been a young lawyer at Mr. Donovan's law firm in New York before I enlisted.
Trudi, I learned, was a Berlin native. Her father Hermann had owned a small publishing business there. Weimar Germany, and particularly Berlin, had become sexually liberated, if not licentious; a reaction, I think, to the prudery of the Hohenzollern monarchy which had led Germany to defeat in World War I. A substantial market had developed for erotica and pornography and that was much of what Herr Rothmann's firm produced and published. The open attitude towards sex was not only a business opportunity for Herr Rothmann. Hermann and his wife Jenna were part of a circle of successful Berliners who believed that sex existed for pleasure and that pleasure should be shared with one's friends. These folks exalted the human form and thought that nudity and sexual conduct should be open and exposed whenever possible.
Hermann Rothmann had understood that, while utterly immoral, the National Socialists would not tolerate the exultation of the self and of pleasure which were core values of his circle in Berlin. Hermann was able to liquidate his assets for a fair price. Using his American connections, Hermann had brought himself and his wife and daughter to the U.S. shortly after Hitler took power in 1933.
Trudi was 16 when her family emigrated and already spoke English. She finished secondary school here and went on to an elite East Coast college where she received her degree with a major in European history. I was struck that day by her upright carriage and graceful movements. She had also studied dance from childhood through college.
An OSS officer who identified himself only as "Hank" explained why we were there. The OSS knew about Hermann and Jenna Rothmann and suspected that their friends in Berlin probably did not support the Nazis. OSS wanted to infiltrate people into Berlin to contact people there with presumed anti-Nazi views. The idea was to use those people as intelligence sources, wittingly or unwittingly, and to assess any potential for an anti-Nazi coup. OSS wanted Trudi to contact the "libertines" who had been her parents' circle of friends.
I was curious why I had been summoned since this seemed to be a mission for Trudi. Hank explained that I was to go along to primarily to provide cover. Because Trudi had grown up in Berlin and her family had some prominence, there was risk that her true identity and German citizenship might be revealed. OSS thought that would be less likely if she went to Berlin in the guise of my wife. OSS also thought that the mission was a two-person job. I suspect that the sexism of that era was also a factor: a belief that a woman by herself could not complete a sensitive mission. Any man of the right age would have done. I was chosen because I was fluent in German and because Mr. Donovan remembered me.
As a cover, OSS had arranged for me to work in the Berlin office of a small but exclusive Zurich bank. Trudi and I would travel with genuine Swiss passports showing us as Herr and Frau Peter Mueller, my real name. Being surrounded by the Reich, Fascist Italy, and occupied France, Switzerland was overtly cooperative with the Germans. However, the Swiss realized that, if Hitler won the war, their country would disappear from the map. Less nobly, it may have been that the Swiss bankers appreciated that, if Germany lost the war, the massive, looted wealth which Nazi leaders had placed in their vaults would remain in their custody indefinitely.
I guess that, formally, I could have declined the assignment and gone back to the Signal Corps. Hank did not make that sound like a genuine option. As our briefing dragged on, Trudi began treating it as an established fact that she and I were going to infiltrate Hitler's capital city. I was always susceptible to a beautiful woman.
Our briefing had started at 10:00 a.m. Both Trudi and I raised many questions about how we were to carry out the mission, some of which Hank could answer and some which he could not. Around 6:00 p.m., someone I did not see came in and prepared a dinner for us. Hank brought a bottle of wine up from the cellar. Hank encouraged Trudi and me to tell each other our life stories. "You two will need to understand each other perfectly and be closer than most married couples for this to work," Hank explained. Left unsaid was that Trudi and I would be shot, or worse, if it did not work.
About 8:00 p.m., Hank led us upstairs. "Since your cover is as a married couple," Hank said, "we thought you'd only need one bedroom. We didn't make up the other. I'm sleeping downstairs." Hank went back down the steps. I turned to look at Trudi. She was smiling.
We walked into the room which had a double bed, a dresser, a floor lamp, and an overstuffed chair. I set my single bag on the floor. Trudi put her larger bag on the floor but put a smaller bag on the bed and opened it. She took out what appeared to be a thin photo album. "OSS spoke to my father first," she said, "so I came here with an idea of what they want us to do. I brought this along to help my partner on the mission understand me." She chuckled. "Hank called my parents and their friends 'libertines.' I don't think he meant that as a compliment. I do think of it as a compliment. I was too young to participate with my parents and their friends in Berlin, but I share my parents' attitudes. Here." She handed me the album. Trudi walked to the door and said, "I'll be back in a moment."
As Trudi went down the hall, I opened the album and was amazed at what I saw. The pictures, all black and white, were of Trudi. Based on how old Trudi looked, I guessed the pictures were all taken here in the States. A few appeared to be recent. The pictures all seemed to have been professionally done. Another thing all the pictures had in common was that, in every picture, Trudi was completely naked. Some pictures showed Trudi in dance moves, a jump or pirouette. In some of the pictures, Trudi was obviously posing for the camera. Several of the pictures showed Trudi fully exposed. The final thing I noticed that was common to all the pictures was that Trudi looked beautiful in the nude.
"Do you like my pictures?" Trudi asked. I hadn't heard her come back into the room. I looked up. Trudi was standing just inside the door, smiling. She was naked. "In case you didn't divine it out from my pictures," Trudi said, "I like being seen in the nude." I understood why. Trudi Rothmann was extremely beautiful with no clothes on and much better in person than in pictures.
"Since we are supposed to be a married couple," Trudi said, "I thought you should know that about me from the beginning. What about you Peter? Do you enjoy people seeing your nude body?"
"I, uh, well, uh, I've never thought about that," I stammered.
"Of course not," Trudi replied. "You're American. You Americans are fearful of the human body. If we're going to act like a married couple, I need to know whom I'm partnered with. Soldier, get that uniform off and present yourself properly!"
I hesitated but sensed that Trudi was inviting me into a different life than I'd known. I was curious. Also, when a nude woman as beautiful as Trudi Rothmann asks you to undress, undressing is the prudent course. I slowly took my uniform off and laid it carefully over the back of the chair. I hesitated again when I got down to my boxers.
"Peter," Trudi said, "this isn't going to work if you insist on being a prude. Remember, we're supposed to contact my parents' 'libertine' friends in Berlin. If we want them to trust us, we must act like they do. Now, please, get those shorts off and let me see what you really look like."
I pushed my boxers down and stepped out of them. It was arousing to strip in front of this beautiful, strong-willed woman. My dick began to get hard. Trudi stepped closer to me. We were almost touching. "Peter," she said, "you have no reason to feel shame about being naked. You are a handsome man, more so out of your uniform than in it." She reached down and wrapped her hand around my dick. "I especially like this part of you," she said. Trudi paused before adding, "another thing you should know is that I really enjoy sex. Married couples are supposed to have sex with each other, aren't they?"
Of course, I wanted to have sex with this beautiful, compelling, woman. But I also thought about what would happen if she got pregnant before we'd even started our mission. Trudi must have read my mind, something she has done with unsettling frequency throughout our relationship. "Don't worry Peter," she said, "I have a diaphragm." I knew diaphragms existed but thought that no one used them because they were expensive and required a doctor. Most doctors back then thought contraception was unethical and immoral.
Trudi quickly refocused my thoughts. She began stroking my dick with her right hand. With her left hand, she guided my hand between her legs. "Please get me ready Peter," she said. I began running my finger along her outer lips. After a few moments of that, I worked my index finger into Trudi. "Thank you," she said. She leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. Our mouths opened and our tongues met.
After a few moments, Trudi pulled back and said, "Peter, I really want a part of you other than your finger inside me." Keeping her hand around my dick, Trudi led me to the side of the bed. She let go and lay down on her back, legs spread. Of course, I'd been laid several times in college, law school, and as a young lawyer in New York. However, I had never seen a woman look as arousing and desirable as Trudi looked at that moment. I got on the bed between her legs, lowered myself down, and slid my dick into my OSS-chosen wife.
I was over eager, pushing inside Trudi hard and fast. "Peter," Trudi said, "relax. We have all night. Let's get to know each other." Chastened, I slowed down and became gentler. I started kissing Trudi's neck, then sucked an ear lobe. After a time, I moved my mouth to one of her nipples. I sucked it and then, carefully, ran my teeth over it.
While hunting for Trudi's erogenous zones, I maintained a slow, steady pace with my dick inside her. Unlike my previous lovers, Trudi seemed to have tremendous pelvic control. She could clamp down on my dick or relax and let me slide freely. When I looked at her face, Trudi had the look of someone genuinely enjoying herself.
I wasn't timing it, of course, but it seemed like Trudi and I spent a very long time fucking at a level not quite intense enough to push either of us over the edge. It was the most pleasurable thing I'd done up to that point in my life. Then, Trudi said, "Peter, lower your hips just a bit and aim for my front wall." I did as I was told. "A little deeper," Trudi said. I pushed deeper. "Oh yes! That's it," she said, "stay on that spot!"
I tried to keep thrusting the head of my dick against the exact same spot inside Trudi. She clamped down on my dick harder than before. That forced me to push much harder than I had, but also produced an incredible sensation on my dickhead and all along my shaft. Trudi soon began bucking her hips violently.
As Trudi began to gasp, I looked at her face. Words cannot describe what I saw. Bliss, beauty, wantonness, and something almost sacred. The look on Trudi's face, added to the intense sensations in my dick, sent me over the edge. I began to shoot so hard it hurt.
Just as my vision blacked out for a moment, I heard Trudi yell, "oh . . . my . . . GOD . . . PETER!" I felt her body spasm violently.
I lay on top of Trudi, trying to get my breath. Trudi's pulse and breathing were also extremely fast. After a long while of sucking air and looking into each other's eyes, Trudi finally said, "That was nice, wasn't it?"
"Better than nice," I replied.
"Peter," Trudi said, "I'm fucking with you. That was fantastic!"
I pulled out and rolled off Trudi. We lay side by side facing each other. We spoke few words but communicated deeply and unequivocally. I was surprised at how close I felt to this woman whom I'd only met hours ago. I understand "afterglow," but the connection between Trudi and me was more than that. I knew then that Trudi Rothmann was unique and that I had to do whatever it took to keep her in my life.
We fell asleep facing each other. Sometime in the early morning, I felt Trudi's hands stroking my balls and my dick. When she had me hard again, Trudi gently pushed me on my back, straddled me, and began to ride. The advantage for me from this position was that I could constantly watch Trudi's face. I saw beauty that morning like nothing I'd ever seen before.
Our second fuck was not the long, slow lovemaking we'd done earlier. This was much more energetic, intended to get us both off as soon as possible. As I felt myself ready to come, I put my arms around Trudi's shoulders and pulled her down to my chest. Trudi came just before me this time and bit my chest.
We went back to sleep with Trudi on top of me. That was surprisingly comfortable. It was light when we woke. After kissing a few minutes, Trudi got up and said, "come, there is a shower at the end of the hall." We walked to the bathroom nude, showered together, and toweled each other off. Hank was coming up the stairs as Trudi and I walked nude back to the bedroom. "I think you'll work well together," was Hank's only comment.
Trudi and I spent nine days at the OSS safehouse in Virginia. Hank told us about the two people at the Zurich bank whom we could trust and through whom we would communicate to the OSS office in Switzerland. There was no emergency channel. If we lost contact with both Zurich bankers, we were on our own and best of luck to us. Hank instructed us in a code in which words commonly used by bankers were given other meanings known only to us.
We also had to wait for our Swiss-made clothes, shoes, wallet, watches, handbag, and all the other detritus people carry with them. "You cannot have anything American-made with you when you leave here," Hank told us. "Screwing that up could be your death sentence."
Our route to Zurich was circuitous. First, we flew to Brazil. We went by boat to Portugal and by train from Lisbon to Barcelona. From Barcelona we flew to Zurich, with a stop in occupied France. Our first encounter with German officials in France was unnerving and I'm not sure we carried it off well. Fortunately, 1942 was long before those officials could have typed a message into a computer network alerting the entire Nazi security system that we were suspicious and should be watched.
We arrived in Zurich at the beginning of August and stayed for a month. During that time, we were educated in our back stories, which included visits to the Swiss towns where each of us would claim to have been born. I was taught some banking so I could credibly pretend to work in the bank's Berlin office. The Berlin office staff, all Swiss nationals, would be told only that I was a Swiss agent. Most importantly, Trudi and I were both instructed in Schweizerdeutsch, the Swiss version of the German language. We would mostly not be using that routinely in Berlin, but we had to be prepared when we met genuine Swiss. We also had to eliminate, or at least mute, the Berlin accent and idiom Trudi used when speaking German.
We boarded the train to Berlin on September 1, 1942, the third anniversary of the start of the war. The trip was long and stressful. Apparently, the OSS had done a good job with our documents because they were inspected closely several times. The German police and border guards scared everyone. That was their intent but it meant that our evident anxiety did not distinguish us from anyone else.
Berlin had yet to be heavily bombed when Trudi and I arrived. The Zurich bank had gotten us an apartment in the western part of the city. I settled in to acting like a banker while Trudi went to work locating her parents' friends.
Some of the Rothmanns' old friends had disappeared into the night and fog. Some refused to talk to Trudi. However, Trudi was able to find two of her parents' closet friends, Horst and Eva Schuhmaier. "They still have their big house in Grunewald," Trudi told me. "Eva invited us to come out a week from Saturday. First, we need to see this Doctor Dortch." I raised my eyebrows questioningly. "Silly," Trudi said, "they want to be sure we have no disease. That only makes sense."
As instructed, we called the Doctor's office and asked for Grete. When she came on the line and heard we'd been referred by the Schuhmaiers, she said "We will have to see you after normal hours. Please be here at 18:30 tomorrow."
Grete let us in when we rang the bell at the Doctor's office the next night. She seemed younger than us with a slightly plump body, reddish hair, and a cute face. Once we were inside the Doctor's suite, Grete said, "please remove all your clothing." I looked at Trudi, who just smiled. We stripped and followed Grete into the Doctor's presence.
Dr. Dortch (I never learned his first name or Grete's last name) was gray-haired. However, apart from a weathered face, he looked quite fit. He had Trudi get on an exam table and gave her a pelvic exam while Grete examined my penis and checked my prostate. Grete drew blood from both of us. Dr. Dortch said, "we should have the results from your blood by next Monday. I'll telephone them to Eva." Trudi made an appointment for the following night for a new diaphragm.
Eva Schuhmaier called Trudi the following Tuesday to report that we were both disease free. Public transit still worked well enough then that we could take it to within a few blocks of the Schuhmaier home that Saturday evening. We walked the rest of the way.
The Schuhmaiers lived in what seemed to me a small mansion on a wooded lot back from the road. Trudi told me that Horst had, for years, owned a small firm that manufactured complicated electrical parts. It apparently provided a good living, even in the era of National Socialism.
Eva Schuhmaier was an attractive brunette who looked to be in her early 50s. Horst Schuhmaier looked at least ten years older than his wife. They both looked fit and were quite friendly from the start. Eva and Horst greeted Trudi warmly. "Trudi," Evan exclaimed, "it has been so long since we've seen you! How you've grown!"
Horst asked, "How are Hermann and Jenna?"
Consistent with our cover story for people who knew the Rothmanns, Trudi said "Mother and Father are fine. They are living in Bern now." I was uncomfortable dealing with people who knew Trudi's real identity but that was inherent in the mission.
"A year ago, I would have said that is much too close," Horst replied, "but I'm convinced now that the madness will be put down, although I don't know at what cost."
Swiftly shifting from that brush with an illegal political view, Eva said, "Trudi, you are wearing many more clothes than the last time I saw you."
Trudi laughed and said, "that is most definitely true."
"Would you like to get comfortable?" Eva asked before catching herself and nodding towards me.
Trudi laughed again. "Peter and I are both more comfortable naked than clothed," she replied.
"Excellent!" Horst exclaimed. "Please disrobe. Eva and I will join you." The four of us stripped naked in the foyer. Eva gathered our clothes and put them away.
While Eva was gone, there was a knock at the door. Horst said, "Inga and Manfred" and opened the door without hesitation. In walked a couple about the same age as Trudi and me. The woman was short with wavy dark hair, a lovely, slightly round, face, and a chest that was noticeable even beneath her coat. The man was taller, thin, with an intelligent face glasses, and short dark hair.
"You remember Inga Trudi?" Horst asked. The two young women paused for a moment and then let out the squeal made by two close female friends reuniting. They hugged. To me, Horst explained, "Inga is our daughter. This is her boyfriend Manfred."
When Trudi and Inga broke their embrace, Inga came close to me and ran her large brown eyes up and down my bare body. "He's yours?" Inga asked Trudi.
"Yes," Trudi replied with a smile at me.
"Well done," Inga replied. "I see," she went on, "that we are late. Manfred, we must be dressed appropriately." With that, Inga and Manfred stripped naked. Eva returned from dealing with our clothes just in time to make a second trip out with Inga's and Manfred's.
Inga Schuhmaier was different from Trudi but almost as beautiful. Inga did, indeed, have large breasts along with a flat stomach, a pleasingly round ass, and short somewhat muscular legs. Manfred's nudity revealed that he had well-defined muscles with almost no visible fat. I wondered why he was not in the military.
Inga answered my silent question. "Manfred is one of the engineers who runs the city's transport system. Even the government agrees that he is more useful here in Berlin than in Russia."
When Eva returned, we followed her firm ass into a solarium on the back of the house. It was night, but the room, walled mostly in glass, was still quite warm. The room was full of plants with a few lounge chairs in the center. Trudi and I sat together on one while Inga and Manfred sat together on another. Horst brought us all drinks before joining Eva on a third.
Much of the conversation was the Schuhmaiers catching up with Trudi and, vicariously, her parents. Trudi stuck to our cover story to the letter. I began talking with Manfred. When Inga had called him an engineer, I had thought that he operated one of the subway trains or trams. I was wrong. Manfred had an advanced degree in engineering and was one of the people tasked to keep Berlin's mass transit running as the materials needed for proper maintenance and repair were diverted to the military.
We had several more drinks and a marvelous cold supper served by a young woman in a traditional housekeeper's uniform who seemed not at all surprised by our nudity.
The maid, cook, or whatever she was collected the plates and silverware and Evan told her to go home once she'd cleaned up. As she left the solarium, I noticed Inga playing with Manfred's balls. Eva noticed too. She said, "I see that our daughter wants to get on with the evening. Trudi, as you may know, when your parents and our other friends came here in the old days, we all had sex with someone other than our regular partner. That was the point of getting together. That does not work well tonight because, of course, Inga cannot have sex with Horst, and it would be unseemly for me to have sex with Manfred. You and Peter are our guests so I will leave it to you: would you prefer that we all stay with our regular partners or would you prefer to exchange partners with Inga and Manfred?"
Trudi looked at me. We had become remarkably close in the couple of months we had been together, and we were supposed to be married, even for the Schuhmaiers. However, I knew that playing this correctly would likely impact how far we got with our mission. Trudi knew these people, I did not. I deferred to her. After a moment, Trudi smiled and said, "let's trade."
Trudi and Inga got up and exchanged lounge chairs. Once Inga sat down next to me, she took my left hand and placed it over her right breast and guided my right hand between her legs. I began fondling and fingering Inga while she caressed my balls and the underside of my shaft. As we became aroused, I fingered Inga's clit more vigorously and she stroked the full length of my dick with her wrapped hand.
Inga was attractive and exciting. I became fully absorbed with her. She leaned her face next to my ear and whispered, "look around. Watch Mother and Father and Trudi and Manfred. Seeing them and knowing they see us is part of the fun."
Inga was right. Sex with her was great. She was enthusiastic and energetic despite having just met me. The experience was enhanced by watching Manfred's hips moving his dick inside a vagina I now knew well. Watching Horst and Eva have intercourse was also very erotic and beautiful.
I was selfishly gratified when I heard Manfred's grunts indicating that he had come first among the six of us, although Trudi's noises soon afterwards indicated she had enjoyed it. I re-focused exclusively on Inga and our last several minutes together were quite rewarding, ending is near simultaneous orgasms. As we regained our breath, Inga said, "That was excellent Peter. We must do this again."
"You certainly will," Trudi answered from the next lounge. All four of us sat up to watch Horst and Eva bring each other to orgasm. Eva looked beautiful as she came.
After everyone had come, Inga and Trudi traded places again. Trudi looked down at my wet dick, got off the lounge, knelt in front of me, and said, "let us see what Inga tastes like." Trudi took my dick in her mouth. Inspired, Inga did the same with Manfred. It was much too soon for me to come again, but having Trudi clean my dick with her mouth and tongue still felt exquisite.
After a time, Horst brought another round of drinks. As he handed Trudi and me our drinks, Horst said, "you will, of course, spend the night with us?" It was Saturday so I didn't have to be in the bank office the next morning and we had nowhere else to be. We readily agreed.
Somewhat later, Eva said, "Peter, I feel bad. You are a guest here and I have done nothing for you." She stood and walked over to the lounge on which Trudi and I were lying together. Trudi pushed me to sit up on the side of the lounge. Eva knelt in front of me, gently pushed my knees apart, and took my dick and balls in her hands. Her touch was gentle, but she knew where and how to touch me. Eva was, I guessed, more than twenty years older than Trudi and Inga. Nonetheless, as the night went on, I realized that Eva was just as alluring.
When she got me hard, Evan took my dick in her mouth. My dick was already sensitive from intercourse with Inga. Eva's tongue and her running her teeth softly over my dick made me come with almost embarrassing speed. I was also impressed that Eva swallowed.
Once Eva had sucked me off, Trudi stood up, walked to where Horst was sitting, and said, "I need to thank you for your hospitality." Trudi proceeded to blow Horst who, I was relieved to see, came almost as quickly for Trudi as I had come for his wife.
We ended the night with the six of us sleeping together, nude, in a large bed. The following morning, we all showered together in a large shower room. We then took breakfast and coffee, nude, in the solarium, served by the same young woman who had served us the night before.
As befit his critical job, Manfred had a car. He drove us back to our apartment and we traded phone numbers with Manfred and Inga. Back in the apartment, Trudi asked, "What did you think of our night out?"
"I like Inga, Manfred, Eva, and Horst," I replied.
Trudi smiled. "I know you like Inga," she said teasingly. "Did you enjoy the sex?"
I thought for a moment. The truth was that I had enjoyed it very much. I said so.
"Congratulations, Peter," Trudi said, "you are now what Hank would call a 'libertine.' And you are ok with your 'wife' having sex with other men?"
"As long as she comes home with me and keeps making love to me," I replied.
Trudi looked at me silently for a long moment. Finally, she said, "'love' was the correct word. Yes, Peter, I will always come home with you, as long as you want me to."
"Trudi," I said, "I will never stop wanting you."
Trudi smiled. "That is good," she said, "because I have fallen in love with you."
"I love you too," I said.
Trudi smiled again. "Thanks to the government, we were married and then fell in love."
"Thanks to the government," I said, "I met the greatest woman alive."
Trudi stepped to me. We hugged and kissed for a long time.
The intelligence I sent back through the Zurich bankers was, in my opinion, nothing special. The bombing had not affected morale in Berlin, but the fall of Stalingrad had. Most Berliners were not, in my assessment, ardent Nazis but there was also little chance of an uprising against the regime. Most of the Germans I met just wanted to survive the Nazis and the war.
We began spending every Saturday night at the Schuhmaier mansion. After our first visit, Horst and Eva began inviting more of their like-minded friends, including Dr. Dortch and his assistant Grete. The solarium was regularly so full of nude people that it was impossible to move without rubbing your dick against someone's ass or abdomen. That was intentional. Intercourse and oral sex with people other than your spouse or regular partner were the whole point of the gatherings. I must confess that I came to look forward to our Berlin Saturday nights.
Sharing ourselves with others did nothing to diminish Trudi's or my desire for each other. To the contrary, we fucked at least twice a day. Often, we'd go to the apartment Inga and Manfred shared to fuck while they watched us. We also enjoyed watching Inga and Manfred.
Inga and Manfred unwittingly thwarted our mission. In late July of 1943, after Trudi and I had been in Berlin almost ten months, Inga and Manfred asked us to join them at a party in a suite at a major Berlin hotel. "There will be some bondage and flogging," Inga said, "but you don't need to participate in that unless you want to. We're all welcome so long as we keep our dicks, cunts, asses, and tits exposed. I'm sure they'll be happy to watch us fuck." That sounded fine to Trudi and me.
The party was at a very upscale hotel. The suite was large but crowded so, again, we were rubbing against strangers constantly. Some guests were in leather. Some, like us, were nude. The only rule I could discern was that it was acceptable, if not encouraged, that anyone could touch any body part exposed by anyone else.
The party was not truly that interesting until, after we'd been there almost an hour, the guest of honor arrived. He was usually photographed in uniform but was immediately recognizable in civilian clothes. There were more powerful people in the Reich, but not many.
As the man walked around the room speaking to a few people, most others drew back. Everyone was extremely deferential to the man until a young woman wearing only a leather harness walked up to him. She forcibly yanked his jacket off and tossed it away. She undid his tie and threw that aside and then undid his suspenders and yanked his trousers and underwear to the floor.
Someone brought a chair into which the young woman sat. The man meekly lay across her lap with his bare ass on display. Using a leather strap, the young woman flogged the man's ass until she drew blood. Satisfied she'd inflicted enough damage; the young woman ordered the man to stand and face her. As he did, I could see the pain in his face. I could also see he was fully erect.
The young woman stared at the high Reich official for a moment before delivering one strong blow with her strap to his balls. The official's knees buckled, and he grimaced, but he remained standing. The woman in the harness stood up and walked away. A moment later, a younger-looking blonde came forward, knelt in front of the official, and sucked him off.
I was nervous about having seen someone that important undergo such degradation. However, the level of tension in the room had noticeably declined so I put my misgivings aside. The official was still there when, later, the people who had invited Inga and Manfred persuaded the four of us to demonstrate for the party something we'd been doing together in private.
As I said, Trudi and I spent a lot of time with Inga and Manfred. Trudi and Inga had been friends as teenagers, and we were all kindred spirits. We wanted to find a way for the four of us to have sex together. We did what we'd come up with in the center of the hotel suite that night.
I lay on my back on an upholstered bench. Trudi stroked and sucked me until I was hard and then straddled me and lowered herself down on me in what is now called "cowgirl" position. Inga straddled my face and lowered herself down until I could eat her. Manfred stood straddling me between Inga and Trudi, facing Inga. Inga sucked Manfred while I ate her, and Trudi ate Manfred's ass while she rode me. This invariably made all four of us come, and it did that night. It was very pleasurable to do with just the four of us but was truly special with a suite full of people watching.
We left the hotel after midnight that night thinking we had just been part of some harmless perversion that would have no consequences. We could not have been more wrong.
I came home from the bank a couple of nights later to find a very frightened Trudi sitting on the sofa in our apartment. Two large young men in black trench coats with Nazi armbands stood inside our door. Gestapo. A similarly dressed older man stood in the center of the room. He showed me his identification as a high officer of the Reich security office. His ID gave his name as Dr. Franz Gleiss.
"Now that you are both here," Gleiss said, "I will tell you that you are not under arrest." Yeah, right. "Rather, your immediate assistance is required in a project of great importance to the Reich. You will be away from Berlin for a few weeks. Herr Mueller, we will inform your employer of your absence and the reasons why. We're sure your bank will understand. You will leave tomorrow morning. Please pack only one bag apiece. You will not need much."
I knew we were in trouble, but saw nothing to lose by trying to push back. "Herr Dr. Gleiss," I said, "while we are certainly friendly to the Reich, we are neutral Swiss. I do not believe you can properly conscript us into working for a government that is not our own."
"You are not being conscripted Herr Mueller," Gleiss replied. "You are voluntarily assisting in a matter of great importance to the Reich and to the future of all Europe. I know that you carry Swiss passports. However, we are all really Germans, are we not?" Gleiss turned to Trudi. "Frau Mueller, I have lived in Berlin my entire life. I am not such a fool that I cannot recognize a Berlin woman by her speech. Taking foreign citizenship to evade your duties to the Reich is a serious offense. I am certain you will find your voluntary service much more pleasant than Dachau."
Gleiss walked to our apartment door and turned back to face us. "My colleagues will stay with you tonight to protect you from any attempt to divert you from your mission. They will bring you to the station in the morning."
Trudi and I spent a sleepless night. Early the next morning, the two Gestapo men took us to the Anhalter Bahnhof. They led us to the platform beside a train bound for Munich. We found Gleiss standing there with Inga, Manfred, and two more Gestapo.