*All characters depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older. Please feel free to leave a comment. Thank you for reading!*
I was finally home. It was late in the evening, the sky red. I pulled into my turnaround drive. My son's BMW and my wife's Denali were there, as well as a cute little red Honda, with a sparkly pink license-plate frame and a bumper sticker that said "Go Lincoln High School Big Cats!" I smirked to myself. My son's girlfriend, Vida, was visiting.
Before I got out of my car, I glanced at myself in my rearview mirror, looking into my emerald green eyes. I ran a hand through my reddish-brown hair and then scratched my short beard. I admit, I wasn't preening for my wife. My thoughts were on Vida.
Out of my car, I was still wearing my tuxedo. Another charity benefit, another uncharitable donation received. I ran a hand down my chest and flat stomach. I came up to the door, but I didn't have to open it.
"Welcome home, Mr. Solomon," my maidservant said.
"Thank you, Connie," I said, stepping inside and slipping out of my black loafers.
The tile below me reflected the chandelier above. I heard music playing in the other room. A quick step in, and I saw my wife sitting at her private bar. She was always at the bar, sipping pinot. I stayed in the doorframe, looking at her back.
"How many tonight, dear?"
She looked over her shoulder. "You're home. Your son is upstairs, fucking that girl again."
"They're both 18, Wanda. If Tony wants to fuck his girlfriend, let him fuck his girlfriend."
"Quite a father you turned out to be, Logan."
"Why, thank you," I said. "Everyone asked for you at the event."
"Did they ask if your drunk wife would show up and embarrass you again?"
"They put it kinder than that."
"Oh, leave me alone, Logan. Talk to your son. If he gets that girl pregnant, I'll disown him."
I left her alone and headed upstairs. I wanted to change.
I'd been married to Wanda for 18 years. It was a marriage of convenience. She inconveniently had my child, and our families both inconveniently insisted we marry. She knew the kind of man I was though, had always been. But I kept my affairs private. A man like me had needs, after all. I was sure my son was no different.
I stopped outside my son's door, pausing to listen.
"I'm sorry," he was saying.
"We just started," said the softer, sexier voice of a young woman. "I can't believe this. You promised you were going to last longer this time."
"I tried. I can't hold it."
Suddenly, the door pulled open and a small, sexy girl ran right into me. I stumbled back but kept my footing. She lost hers, falling on her firm bottom, her equally firm tits jiggling. I looked down at Vida, my son's girlfriend. She was a tiny thing, barely five feet tall, while I was six four. Her light brown eyes were big though, looking up at me. She brushed her blondish-brown hair out of her eyes, her natural brown roots coming out. Her skin was honey, kissed by the warm Latin sun.
"Ah, oh," she said.
"Dad?" Tony said, standing up, holding a sheet around his waist, his chest bare. He was very thin. I told him to work out more often, but getting him away from his damn video games was always a challenge. He was a handsome boy though. He was his father's son, after all.
Vida was wearing a cheerleading uniform, an outfit I saw her in so often, as she usually came over after school to visit my son.
I held my hand out to little Vida, and she slipped her tiny hand into my big one. I pulled her up effortlessly, and she bounced on her bare feet. Her shoes must have been downstairs. Her toes were painted summer yellow, matching her fingers.
"Are you all right?" I asked Vida.
"Yes, sir," she said, looking down. She was always nervous to catch my eye.
She was a darling girl, and I adored her. I admit, I coveted her. I was glad my son was dating her, so I could see her so often. My wife hated her, of course, but then I hated my wife, so it all evened out.
"Looks like you two were studying pretty hard in there," I said, chuckling, putting my hands on my hips.
Vida was blushing. She kept her mouth closed.
"Dad, we were just, just talking..." Tony said.
"Tony, don't make stupid excuses," I said, glaring at him. "Be a man, especially when declaring your accomplishments."
"Uh, yes, sir," he said, tightening his grip on the sheet.
I reached past Vida and took the door knob. "Take a shower, boy. You look filthy. And then get dressed and go downstairs. Help your mother and Connie prepare dinner."
"Yes, sir."
I closed the door, keeping Vida in the hall.
"I hope my son is treating you like a princess, sweetheart," I said. "You'll tell me if he ever gets out of line, won't you?"
"Oh, yes, sir. It's fine. He's fine. I was just leaving," she said.
"Are you? Too bad. You should stay for dinner."
"I wouldn't want to impose."
"Nonsense. You're never an imposition. I love having you around."
Vida's eyes shot up to me. "You do?"
"Of course, I do, sweetheart. And my son does too."
"I don't think your wife does," she said with a little smile, but then she caught herself. "I mean, Mrs. Solomon. She's a lovely woman."
I laughed, putting my hand on Vida's lower back. The gesture surprised her. "It's all right, Vida. I'm well aware of the type of woman I married. She can be very frustrating, I know."
I led Vida down the hall. She looked up at me. I opened the door to the study.
"Come here, won't you? I'd like a word."
"With me?"
"Yes, of course. Come," I said, stepping into the study.
"Yes, sir," she said, following.
"Good girl," I said.
I left the door open. I didn't want the poor girl to feel uncomfortable. I sat down in one of the big, red leather chairs, motioning to another. She sat, carefully keeping her knees together. She looked nervous.
"You don't need to be nervous," I said to her. "I just wanted to say, I see you and my son are getting pretty serious."
"I guess, sir."
"You guess?" I echoed.
"I mean, well, maybe he should answer that, sir."
I chuckled. "Vida, you know, I told my son the day I met you, 'treat her right.' I could tell right away, you're an amazing young woman."
Vida's perfectly trimmed eyebrows raised high. "Who, me?"
"Yes. I know my wife doesn't approve of you. She probably wants Tony to be with some stuck-up snob. But that kind of woman is not what Tony needs. He'd get bored. He needs someone like you, someone fun, someone... sexy."
She licked her lips. "Sexy?"
"Sexy," I repeated. "He's my son, after all. A man like him, and a man like me, need sexy in our lives. I wouldn't want my son to make the same mistakes I made." I chuckled. "I know you'll keep him on his toes."
"I'm trying, sir."
"I know you are," I said. I crossed my legs, putting my ankle on my knee, leaning back into the chair. "I've heard you trying."
"Excuse me?" she said.
"Through the door, through the wall. I've heard you trying. I know my son is, uh, a quick shot."
She was blushing again. "Um, haha, well..."
"It's okay, Vida. I know this is awkward. He's still learning. I promise you, if he's anything like his old man, he'll get better. I hope you won't dump him for that."
Vida bit her lower lip. "Then, sir, I certainly hope he takes after you one day."
I raised an eyebrow. "I hope he is keeping you happy. I hope he is using his, ah, endowments well enough."
Vida looked into my eyes for the first time. "That's one of the reasons I like him so much, sir. Did he inherit that from you too?"
I uncrossed my legs but I kept my knees far apart, spreading them. "He inherited almost as much."
She gulped. "Really?"
"Really."
She took a few quick breaths. Me, I was thinking about how beautiful she was, but how off-limits she was. This was my son's girlfriend, after all. I really should not have been flirting with her like this. I was annoyed with my boy though. This young woman should have been bubbling with pleasure after sex, not simmering with anger, ready to break up with him for lack of trying.
"I will talk to him," I said, "about putting your pleasure first."
"Oh," Vida said. "Thank you, sir."
"Of course, sweetheart."
I put my hands on the arms of the chair, ready to stand and escort her downstairs, but her next question stopped me and changed everything.
"Sir, what will you tell him to do differently with me? If you were him, how would you put my pleasure first?"
I leaned back in my chair again, looking her up and down.
"I wouldn't want to embarrass you with the details, Vida."
She shook her head. "Sir, I'm not a shy girl."
"Really?" I said.
"Yes, sir."
I leaned forward in the chair. "If I were him, I'd fuck you nice and slow, so slowly that your pussy would ache and cream, and your voice would go hoarse from begging me to fuck you deeper and harder. And then I'd fuck you so hard, you'd beg me to stop."
Her mouth hung open, and she stopped breathing. I thought perhaps I'd pushed the girl too far. Again, I reminded myself, this little girl was my son's girlfriend. I had to be careful not to strain my relationship with him.
I laughed like I'd made a joke. "Well, anyway, that's what I'll tell him, to put you first and make love to you like a woman, not fuck you like a hole in the wall."
Vida's mouth closed, but her tongue was busy with her lips. "Sir, Tony says you have a mistress, maybe even two. He says you're a man who chases women, who comes home some nights at 4:00 am, messy clothes, lipstick on your neck, perfume everywhere. He says he wouldn't be that type of man."
I grunted a laugh. "Tony is 18. He's barely a man at all, let alone one who knows the type he will become. But he's right. I am a man of certain needs. I don't like to think he's noticed my behavior, but I suppose it is unavoidable at times. If I had a good woman like you though, a woman who knew how to please her man, not a woman like my wife Wanda, I don't think I'd need to put a toe outside the door. In fact, I think if a little girl like you were in my bed, I'd never need another woman. Hell, I'd never want to leave the bedroom."
"Why do you think that, sir?"
"Oh, Vida," I said, shaking my head. "I'm well aware of the type of girl you are. You're like me. I saw it the moment we met. You crave sex. You need it. And you're trying very hard to get your fill from my son, and I don't think he's filling you up, whether or not he has his daddy's cock."
She took a quick breath. I could see her firm breasts rising and falling beneath her white cheer uniform. I wondered if I'd pushed this a little far, but then, I wasn't sure that I cared. I did like her, because everything I said was true. She was like me, and it broke my heart that my son had no idea what he had.
Vida stood up. She turned away and moved toward the door. I started to regret the things I'd said, that I'd been too forward with her, but when she reached the door, she didn't step out. She closed it. She turned back to me, approaching slowly, her little toes gripping the hardwood floor with each step. She stood in front of me.
"Sir, I really hope you can teach your son to be a better lover."
"I can," I said. I stood up, towering over her little body. "But I can't turn a boy into a man unless I know where he's gone wrong. Maybe it's not his fault. Maybe you're just too much for him, a little mare that can buck and fuck above her weight class."
She clicked her tongue. "Maybe you want to take me for a ride and see if I can be taught to be a better lover too."
I smirked. "Come here, mare."
I stepped back and she stepped forward. I pointed to the chair.
"Up."
She took one step up onto it. Now she was as tall as me. I looked her up and down like she was a prize.
"How long does he fuck you, sweetheart?"
She exhaled, like she had been keeping in a secret. "A few minutes at best, sir."
"You need more than that, don't you?"
"God, yes, I do, sir. I need so much more."
"Does he fuck you with a condom?"
"Yes, sir, always. He cums, and then he's done."
"Does he make you cum?"
"No, never."
"How do you cum?" I asked, circling the chair, looking her body up and down, her neck turning to follow me.
"Usually with my fingers when I get home. He can't even make me cum with his fingers. He rubs too hard, and he just wants to stick them in me. He has no patience."
I shook my head. "You like his cock?"
"Yes, I like it. It's nice and long and hard. I just wish it stayed hard because he gets so soft the moment he cums, and then it's over."
"How many boys have you fucked?" I asked.
"Two," she said.
"How was your first boyfriend then?" I asked, staring at her backside, that white skirt in my way, her bare thighs right below it.
"My first? His cock was so small, sir. I barely felt him."
"You poor thing," I said, coming around in front of her. I brought my face right in front of hers. "You need so much more attention than you're getting, don't you?"
"Oh, God, yes, sir."
"Give me a kiss, sweetheart."
Vida didn't need much invitation. She threw her arms around me and mashed her lips into mine. She was hungry, starving. I kissed her lips. She was such an inexperienced little kisser, trying to feed her tongue like she was giving it away. I reached up, taking hold of her neck to control her. It surprised her and slowed her kiss. Then I took her tongue, kissing and sucking it, feeding her my own. Our kissing grew sloppier and slower, our heads turning this way and that.
Yes, I was kissing my son's girlfriend, but maybe I wasn't a terrible father. Maybe I could teach her and then teach him to be better together. I just needed to know what I was dealing with first. The excuse would have to be enough for now, because there was no way I was stopping.
"Good girl," I said, catching my breath.
"More, sir, please."
I chuckled. "You'll get more."
I kissed her, and my hand touched her bare calf. I heard a little moan in my mouth. She was so starved for affection, this little one. Up my hand went, below her knee, and then her thigh. Her legs were tone and firm from her cheer routine. I moved my hand inside her legs, between them, and went up and up and up, under her skirt. She was breathing heavier in my mouth as the tips of my fingers touched between her legs. I expected to feel panties, but to my shock, she had none. I felt warm, wet labia.
I broke the kiss. "You little slut. Where are your panties?"
"I lost them in Tony's room, Papi," she said.
"Papi?" I echoed.
"Is that okay, sir?"
"It's okay, babygirl," I said. "Come to Daddy."
I scooped her up from the chair, carrying her to the desk. I set her down on top of it. I brushed my arm across it, knocking off the few papers and pens and books.
"Lie back. Let me see this pussy that my son is so lucky to fuck."
Vida lay back on the desk, her knees opening, her bare feet on the edge, toes spreading. I saw it then, her warm brown vulva. Her pussy lips parted, unveiling the pink folds inside.
"Does he eat your pussy?" I asked.
"No. I've never had that from him. Only once from my best friend. She ate me a few times, and I ate her, just to try it."
I smirked at her, and then I dipped my head down.
"I must taste this feisty, little pussy."
I ran my tongue over her vulva, and she gasped and squirmed. My long, thick tongue easily slipped between her folds and separated her lips. Her head fell back, and she groaned to the ceiling.
I glanced up and listened to her reaction, learning what she liked. I lapped at her warm little pussy again, slurping up her wet pussy juice. Her cunt was already red and inflamed from a few minutes of fucking with my son. He had undoubtedly rammed his cock into this little hole over and over again until he brought himself to orgasm. What a selfish little shit. Such a beautiful little pussy needed to be savored.
"Oh, Papi, that feels amazing," she said, looking down at me.
Vida had her fingers tight in the fabric of her skirt, her pretty fingers clenching it around her little waist. I made eye contact with her as my mouth enveloped her swollen clit. I sucked on it. She moaned again to the ceiling and her eyes fluttered.
"Oh, Dios mío! ¡Me estás matando!"
"Don't you dare fucking cum," I said. "It's enough I'll have to give my son a stern talking to about how to fuck you, let alone teaching you not to cum after a few licks."
"Yes, Papi. Comprendo!"
"That's Daddy's good girl."
I took my mouth away from her and stood up. She sat up and looked up at me, her breaths coming in heaves, her chest rising and falling. I could see those sexy tits of hers hiding behind the fabric of her uniform. I craved them.
I grabbed her ankles and dragged her ass right to the edge of the desk, letting her legs go so they swung freely. I wrapped my hands around her small waist and lifted her to sit up straight, my hands pawing at her uniform. Her neck stretched, and I kissed her lips again.
I opened the V shape of her uniform to free her breasts. She wore no bra either, and I could see her oh-so dark areolas, nipples hard, pointing at attention from the little stimulation I had given her. I bent my neck and wrapped my mouth around one nipple, sucking it in, my teeth grazing it. Her fingers were in my hair.
"Papi, you know how to play with a woman!"
I switched to her other breast, fondling it and squeezing it while my mouth went for the nipple, sucking and kissing. My lips were soon all over her chest, kissing up to her neck, once again devouring her mouth. Her fingers were hungry, gripping and pulling at my clothes, untying my tuxedo bowtie.
"You want my clothes off, little dove?"
"Yes, Papi, let me see you."
"Start from the bottom, on your knees."
I pulled her off the desk and onto her feet, and she immediately went to her knees. She was so very small below me.
"You want that big cock in there, don't you?" I said.
"Yes, Papi. I need it now."
"Get that cock, kitten."
Her hands went to my black slacks, running up my thighs. Her eyes spread wide when she felt my hardening shaft down my leg.
"Tan grande, Papi."
"That's what you want, isn't it, little dove?"
"Yes, Papi. May I?"
"Open the pants, take it out."
Her fingers were on the zipper, taking it down.
"Do you suck his cock?" I asked.
She looked up, and to my surprise, she shook her head. "No, Papi, not anymore. The moment I put it in my mouth, he cums. I can't suck it, or sex is impossible."
I chuckled. "He may be hopeless after all. Take my cock out, babygirl."
"Oh, yes, thank you, Papi."
She slipped her tiny hand into my big fly. I felt her fingertips fighting with the flap in my boxer shorts. In they went, and out they came, tugging a big, long, hard cock afterward.
"Dios mío!" She let go of it and sat back, her big eyes sparkling. "You and your son are not the same, Papi. Your cock is so much bigger."
I smirked down at her, petting her beautiful long golden-brown hair. "He has some growing up to do."
"Si."
"You want to suck that, don't you, little kitten."
"It won't cum?"
"It won't cum until I make it cum. A little girl like you couldn't make it cum if you tried."
She bit her lip and grinned wide. "It's a challenge I want, Papi."
"You can always try, little dove. Touch it, kiss it, show me you love it."
Her little hand came up to it, her fingers touching and wrapping halfway around it. I held my breath as I felt her warm fingers and palm. Her mouth came closer as she gave it a tug.
Oh, I knew I was doing a naughty thing to take my son's girlfriend away from him like this, but I swore I'd return her with more patience and a little more experience and maybe a little wisdom myself to tell him how to deal with her.
However, my cock didn't get to feel that beautiful mouth of hers, because the door opened.
"Dad, Vida, are you in--"
Tony froze. Vida froze. My cock throbbed.
"Ah, shit," I said.
Vida pulled her hand away. "Tony, I, I, I--"
"What the hell?" Tony said. "Dad!"
"Tony, calm down, son," I said, lifting my hands to ease him.
"Dad, what the hell are you doing? Again?!"
"Again?" Vida said.
Tony was shouting. "You promised me you'd never do this again! My first girlfriend wasn't enough for you? Now Vida?"
"Quiet!" I snapped, raising my voice over his. "Get in here and close that door!"
"Why?" he said indignantly.
"I said close that fucking door! Now! Before your mother hears."
Tony's angry face softened. He was always an obedient boy, and he knew better than to stand up to his father.
"Yes, sir," he said. He stepped in and closed the door, though he stayed back.
"Good boy," I said. "Now, come here."
Vida started to stand but I glanced at her.
"You stay," I said.
She gulped and stayed on her knees; her head lowered in humiliation.
"Son," I said, "Vida told me you have a little problem. She told me you keep cumming before you can please her. She told me you can't even put your cock in her mouth without cumming. She told me you can't even bring her to orgasm. Is that all true?"
"You told him that?" Tony said to Vida.
She looked at him. "I'm sorry, baby. He said he wants to help."
"And I do," I said. "Vida, take my cock in your hand.'"
"What?" Tony said.
"Quiet, boy," I snapped. "Vida, don't look at him. Look at me."
Vida looked from Tony to me. She saw the firmness in my eyes and she obeyed. She inched closer on her knees, reaching up, taking my cock in her hand again.
"Good girl," I said with a breath.
Her fingers coiled around my shaft again. She focused entirely on it, giving it a slow stroke.
"Son," I said, "she needs to learn how to suck cock, and she can't very well learn when you cum in her mouth after 30 seconds, can she?"
"Dad, I'm trying."
"Are you also trying not to cum when you fuck her? Are you trying to make her cum?"
"I, I don't know," he said, shrugging and looking down, watching as Vida's little hand continued to stroke my long, fat shaft. She wasn't making eye contact with him anymore. She was making eye contact only with my cock.
"You know, I'm glad you're here, boy," I said, glancing back down at Vida. "I want you to watch her. Watch my cock. She's going to suck it, and I want you to see how she does it. You have to learn not to cum whenever you want. A real man cums when he wants, when he's ready, after he's pleased his woman. I thought I could lecture you, but if you watch it happen, that's a better lesson."
"But, Dad, she's my girlfriend."
"Son, you snooze, you lose," I said to him.
"Huh?" he said.
I chuckled. "Right now, she's not your girlfriend. She's my student. Vida, show him how you suck cock."
"Are you sure, Papi?" she said, glancing at Tony and then back to my cock.
"Suck it, little dove. Suck that big cock. Show that boy what he's missing."
She bit her lip, and then she leaned forward and licked the head of my cock. I sighed in pleasure as her little pink tongue came out of her mouth and dragged across the underside of my cockhead, teasing the mushroom head, separating the piss slit and licking against it.
"Fuck," I said. "Did she do this to you, boy?"
"Uh, yeah, once or twice."
"And it made you cum, didn't it?"
"Yes, sir," Tony said meekly, glancing at her again. "Dad, I just don't think it's fair, my girlfriend is sucking your dick."
"She's learning. And so are you. See, I'm not cumming, am I?"
"No, sir."
"You have to learn not to cum as well, not from this much."
"But, Dad, when she puts my cock in her mouth, that's what really makes me cum. It's not my fault. I'm trying not to."
"Vida?" I said. "Is that how he cums, after you suck his cockhead?"
She nodded. "Si, Papi. I can't put his cock in my mouth or he'll blow."
"Well, she does this thing where she sucks really hard and licks," Tony argued with her, like it wasn't his fault.
"Show me, Vida."
Vida's mouth opened and my cockhead went in. She sucked on it, swirling her tongue. I exhaled. It did feel amazing. This girl didn't need pointers on how to suck cock, that was for sure. I reached down, stroking her cheek. She turned her head into my palm, welcoming the affection.
"See how cute she is?" I said to Tony. "She is trying so hard to please me. And in return, I'm not cumming in her mouth. Let her enjoy your cock, son, like I'm doing."
"Yeah, well, I don't have your experience," he said grumpily.
I gave him a look. "You need practice then. You need to let Vida suck your cock, and when you're about to cum, tell her to stop."
"But it doesn't feel good to stop," he said.
"I don't care if it doesn't feel good. You're ruining your relationship with this beautiful creature."
Vida smiled up at me, taking a breath. She used her hand to stroke my cock while her jaw recovered. "Papi, your cock is so big, my jaw hurts."
"You're getting tired, huh?"
"No, sir. I like it."
"Stand up, sweetheart."
She stood up. Tony and I both towered over her.
"She's a beautiful girl when she's naked, isn't she?" I said to Tony.
"Yes, sir."
"She gets you worked up like this, huh? Makes you want to cum quickly, doesn't she?"
"I guess, yeah."
"Makes you wanna fuck her as soon as possible, huh?"
"Yes, sir," he said in embarrassment.
"Take the rest of your clothes off, sweetheart," I told Vida.
"Yes, Papi."
"That's a good girl."
With her tits already out of her V top, she wiggled out of it, pulling it up over her head. She tossed it aside and started on her skirt, but I stopped her.
"Wait there," I said. I stepped up behind Vida. My hands came around her waist, up her soft small tummy. I looked at Tony as my hands came under her breasts. "Boy, you like touching her like this?"
"Yeah, of course."
"It makes your cock hard?" I said.
"Yes, sir."
"It makes you wanna fuck her, huh?"
"Yes, sir."
"Take your cock out," I told him.
"Huh? Dad, why?"
"We're learning here, son. Take it out."
My son shyly reached for his zipper, sliding it down, reaching in and pulling his hard cock out. It was slightly wet, probably left over from showering. I could see now he wasn't as big as his dad. He did have growing up to do.
I cupped Vida's breasts, and my fingers and thumbs rolled her nipples. "Go ahead, stroke your dick," I told him.
"Here, in front of you?" he asked.
"I want you to practice not cumming. Look at this beautiful girl and hold your load."
"I just came 15 minutes ago. I'm not gonna cum again so soon."
"Good," I said. "This is the best time to practice then, especially when you see her little pussy. "
I slid my hands down Vida's breasts, crouching over to grasp her white skirt. I unzipped the side and it slipped down her wide hips. I gave her ass a little slap.
"Step open," I told her.
Vida took a step apart, spreading her legs. My hand ran down her tummy and across her navel and over her shaved pubic mound. My fingers separated her pussy lips.
"Look at that pussy, son."
Tony was stroking his hard cock now. "It's amazing, I know."
"You want to fuck her again already, don't you?"
"Yes, sir," he said.
"See, your problem is you fuck her so quickly, you don't give her a chance to enjoy it, to get into it, to bring her closer to her own orgasm. You have to be patient. You have to please her first."
"Fine. If you leave us alone, I promise I'll try. I'll go slower so I don't cum."
"No," I said. "You're not going to fuck her again, not until I teach you how."
"What? Dad, come on! You're not really gonna fuck her, are you?"
I cupped Vida's pussy in my hand as I smirked at my son. "I'm going to fill her pussy up with cock, son. I'm going to fuck her until she cums on my shaft."
"Dad!" he cried. "No way! That's not fair!"
"Don't raise your voice to me," I said sternly, standing up straight. Vida whimpered as my hand left her pussy.
"But, sir," Tony said meekly.
I petted Vida's hair and stroked her cheek.
"Babygirl, do you want Daddy to fuck you?"
"Oh, yes, Papi."
"You want to teach him a lesson, don't you?"
"Yes, Papi."
"Tell him then."
Vida turned her head and looked up into Tony's eyes. "Baby, please let your daddy teach me how I should be getting fucked. Please watch him and learn. I need this, mi amor. I don't want us fighting about sex. He can help us. Please, I need his cock. Don't say no."
"He's not going to say no," I said, looking at my son. "He's a good boy. In fact, he's going to thank me for fucking his girlfriend and teaching him how to be a better man."
Tony lowered his head. "Fine."
"Say, 'thank you.'"
"Dad..."
"Say it," I said.
"Thanks, Dad."
"For?"
"For... fucking my girlfriend."
"Good boy. Now, hush up." I looked at Vida. "Come here, little dove. Help daddy with his clothes."
Little Vida eagerly put her hands on my chest, flat at first, feeling the curve of my pecs and stomach, and then she excitedly unbuttoned my vest while I slipped off my jacket, holding it out.
"Son, hang this up."
The boy grumbled but took my coat. He knew to respect his father and hung it carefully on the back of the chair. Vida was after the buttons on my shirt, her sexy, greedy little fingers opening up my clothes. Her soft fingers slipped inside and touched my warm flesh before I even had the shirt off, running over my stomach, feeling my abdomen, her electric touch exciting the hairs on my chest. Her fingers grazed my nipples as I slipped the shirt and vest all the way off. I tossed them to my son. They landed on his head. He groaned in protest, but I had taught him well. He folded them nicely and put them on the chair.
Vida was still busy exploring my chest, her warm eyes falling in love with my body while my hands went for the buckle of my belt. The sound of the metal brought her attention, and she looked down as I opened the button on my pants. Her little tongue came out and ran along her lips. Her fingers soon found my waistband, helping me push my pants down. They fell to my ankles, and I stepped out of them with one foot. With the other, I tossed them to my son.
"Fold those too," I said. I also slipped off my socks and tossed them to him.
"Come on, Dad," he complained.
"Quiet, boy. Let your girlfriend focus on what she's doing. You like what you're seeing, don't you, little dove?"
"Oh, si, Papi," she said, her hands on my sides, her eyes on my cock sticking out of my boxers.
Vida squatted for a moment and helped slip my boxers down, my cock pulling back and then bouncing around as it was set free. She took the boxers and playfully tossed them to Tony with a guilty grin. I chuckled while Tony grumbled and put them on the chair.
Vida's hands were busy again. Sliding up my thigh, across the crevice of my waist. She brushed over my trim pubic mound, her fingertips tickling the base of my cock. She ran her soft hand along my shaft and then back up my stomach, all the way up to my chest. With both hands, she stretched her arms to wrap her hands around my neck. She stepped up to me, my cock bending to the side, rubbing against her bare tummy.
"Oh, Papi."
"See her eyes, boy?" I said to my son, though I kept my eyes on sexy little Vida. "See the lust in them? This is why I always invite you to the gym with me."
"Dad, come on..."
"Vida, touch my cock again. Feel its length, its thickness, its power. Feel what's going inside of your pussy."
"Yes, Papi."
"This is so unfair," Tony complained.
I felt Vida's hands in my hair before they slipped down again, across my chest. One hand slipped under my heavy sack, feeling the weight of it in her hands. She caressed my balls and then her hand ran along the length of my cock, closing around the skin and giving it a stroke.
"Perfecto," she whispered.
"You're ready for it now, aren't you, babygirl?" I said to Vida.
"Si, yes, so ready."
"Boy," I said, glancing at Tony, "sit on the sofa."
Tony went and sat on the end of the leather sofa. I put my hand on Vida's neck, leading her over.
"Lie down, babygirl. Put your head in Tony's lap."
Vida lay down, her head resting on Tony's thigh, his cock right above her head.
"Hold her hand," I directed Tony.
Tony held it, and she looked up, smiling at him. Her legs opened so wide as I came down between them. Her bare feet were far apart, one on the top of the sofa, the other gripping the floor.
I positioned myself between her legs, taking a hold of my cock. I gave her pussy a whack with my long cock and she groaned. She was already soaking wet. I used my shaft to rub up and down her slit, smearing her juices and coating my cockhead with slime.
"See what I'm doing son? I'm teasing her pussy. Do you do that?"
"No, sir."
"Do it next time. Let her anticipate the cock, get ready for it. It will build her excitement."
"Yes, sir."
I spat on my palm and rubbed my cockhead. "Use lube. The more, the better for someone like you. More lube will make you last longer. Less lube, more friction, and you will cum sooner."
"But then why don't you want more lube?" Tony said.
"I don't need it."
"But aren't you going to wear a condom?" he asked.
"I'm going to fuck her raw."
"What?" he cried.
"Papi?" Vida said. "Won't you cum in me?"
"But, Dad," Tony continued, "I haven't even fucked her raw."
"You're going to start fucking her raw," I said. "Fucking raw will make you careful."
"But, but, no," Tony said. "What if there's an accident? She'll get pregnant."
"Exactly. So, you'll be careful. You'll fuck slower. You'll stay aware of that pussy and your cock, and if you need to pull out, you will, so you won't cum as soon."
"Oh, Papi," Vida said. "You make me nervous but excited. I always want to have a bare cock inside my pussy, but he never would."
"See, you're both learning so much today," I said.
"Dad..."
"Quiet, boy, watch while I penetrate her. Watch how slowly I put it in her."
"Oh, Papi, please fuck me," Vida mumbled.
Tony and Vida were staring down between her legs as my cockhead rubbed up and down along her slit, separating her brown and pink lips. Soon, she started to open as I pushed forward. Her eyes flashed wide and her mouth stretched as my cockhead popped inside of her pussy. She let out a deep groan from her belly.
"Pappppiiiiii. Ohhhh."
"Fuck," I said heavily. "Oh, wow. That's a nice, tight pussy."
"Damn it! I can't believe this," Tony said. "That's my girlfriend, Dad."
"I know, son. Fuck, you are a lucky little bastard," I said, but my eyes were on my cock, watching inch after inch slowly slip inside that tight little Latina pussy. It was warm and wet and so inviting. "Fucking hell, boy. No wonder you cum so quickly."
"See, Dad? Don't you cum in her though!"
"Oh, I won't. I'm not a little boy, like you. I'm a fucking man."
"Oh, you are, Papi, You're a man. I love that man cock. It's so good."
"Hey..." Tony mumbled.
"Oh, baby, I still love you," Vida said, reaching back. Her hand wrapped around Tony's hard cock. When she squeezed it, he gasped. Me, I could hardly keep a breath. That pussy was strangling my cock as I fed her little hole and stuffed it full of dick.
"Fucking amazing cunt, little girl," I said.
"Mmm, Papi, more, let me feel it all."
As my cock reached the depths of her pussy, I gave her a hard little shove, pushing myself all the way in and making her feel every bit of me inside her. She gasped out and her eyes fluttered.
"Oh Papi, mi amor! I love you."
"Vida!" Tony said.
"You too, baby, you too," she said, once again squeezing his cock.
I leaned down and kissed Vida's lips passionately. She whimpered on my mouth as my cock started to pull out, but I thrust my hips forward and fucked her again, nice and deep.
"Ah, come on," Tony complained. "You're kissing her too?"
I broke the kiss. "You be quiet and watch, boy. You're learning." I sat up. "See that cock taking your girlfriend's pussy?"
"Yes, sir..." he mumbled.
"Is that how you fuck?"
"No, sir."
"How do you fuck?" I asked, as I kept rocking my cock in and out of Vida. I moved my hips from side to side to move my cock around in her, and she squirmed in delight.
"I, I don't know. I get between her legs and hump."
"Dumb kid," I said. "You gotta tease that pussy with your cock, take nice deep long thrusts, work on your stroke. Watch."
I withdrew my cock almost all the way out of Vida and then sank it back in. She lifted up and groaned from deep in her belly. Then I did it again, and she cried out in pleasure, her eyes blinking and her mouth gasping.
"Papi, eres mágico!"
"Son, help her turn over. I want her on all fours," I told Tony.
Vida was a little delirious from the fucking I was giving her, but Tony helped her turn around as I took my cock out of her. She repositioned, her cheek on his thigh. She held his cock again like it was a safety bar, her little yellow nails digging into it. I saw him cringe, but the poor girl had no mind to focus on his cock. With her on all fours, she looked back, watching me as I mounted her from behind. In my cock went, sinking into her.
"Ohhh fuck," I said.
"Dios me salve!" Vida was babbling.
"Have you fucked her like this, boy?" I asked Tony.
"Once, but I came really quickly. It's really intense like that."
"Watch me. See the length of my stroke? Nice and long and deep?"
"Yes, sir," he said, sounding demoralized.
"Fuck, Papi," Vida whimpered. She looked up at Tony. "Baby, he's in me so deep. I never felt this good before. Oh, your daddy is so good, tan amazing. Por favor, learn to be like him. I'll love you forever."
I chuckled. "Son, you know it might take me a few more times teaching you two how to fuck before you're ready to have her again."
"What? Sir, please, come on."
"All right, all right," I said, pumping my long cock in and out of Vida. "If you must, I'll let you practice fucking her again tomorrow. But when you're done with her, send her to me, and I'll make sure she's nice and well fucked."
"Si, Papi, si, baby. Listen to Papi. He knows best. Papi knows. Ohh, Papi sabe mejor."
Vida was whimpering and shaking as I began humping her pussy from behind, driving my cock into her, nice and long and hard. She groaned on each deep thrust, my cock filling up her guts. I could see her little calves rising and falling with each of my thrusts, her yellow toes curling and uncurling.
"Now, watch this, boy," I said.
I reached around under Vida's waist and my fingers found her clit. I began playing with her pussy. Her head lifted up and she gasped. Her back arched like a cat.
"¡Ten piedad de mí! Mercy, Papi!"
I laughed. "She likes that."
"Dad, how aren't you cumming? That's crazy."
"It's the stroke speed, boy. You gotta learn to control the cock or the cock will control you. You fuck her. You don't rut her. Now, let's see what she can do."
I slowed my pace and kept my cock firmly in her. I slapped her ass to get her attention.
"Show him, Vida. Fuck that big cock. Push back against it."
"Oh, si, Papi. Oh, let me fuck you, yes."
With one hand on Tony's thigh and the other on his cock, she pushed back against me. Tony cringed from the sensitivity on his cock, but he held her shoulders as she pushed back on me. My cock sank into her, and she and I both groaned together. I watched her start humping back, taking dick inch by inch, fucking herself on this impossibly long cock.
"Fucking hell, she's really something," I said, my head rolling back. "Son, I gotta admit one thing."
"What?" he said.
"I've fucked a lot of girls, son, but she's my first piece of Latina ass, and God help me, I had no idea Latina pussy was this good. Fucking hell."
Tony grumbled. "Dad, she's my girlfriend."
"I know, boy. I know. You're fucking lucky is what I'm telling you. You discovered this amazing pussy at a young age."
"Papi, you're the best lover I ever had too," she said.
She was working my cock over now, that tight cunt strangling me. I had no choice. I yanked my cock out of her. I watched her little ass pushing back against thin air as she looked back in confusion.
"Papi? No, please, come back."
"Fucking hell, girl. You almost made me cum."
"See, Dad!" Tony said, like maybe he had a point about cumming so soon, and maybe he did.
"Oh, Papi, please, I need more, so much more."
I sat down on the sofa. I grabbed Vida's hips and lifted her up. She was so small and light. She turned her legs and came to straddle me.
"Son, this is another valuable lesson I'm teaching you. We're still men after all, and we love pussy. None of us are immune to amazing pussy. But that doesn't mean you can't pull out and take a moment to breathe."
Tony grumbled.
Vida's hands were on my shoulders. She was smiling at me, looking both tired and horny, her tongue licking her lips, desperate for more. I held her hips, lowering her down. My cock hit her pussy but bounced off, missing her hole. I tried again and slipped back along her ass crack.
"Son," I said, "do your old man a favor. Grab that dick and hold it steady, put it in your girlfriend's cunt."
"What?" Tony said loudly. "Dad, come on, no way. I'm not gonna do that. That's gross."
I gave him a glare. "Boy, obey me."
Vida took one hand off my shoulder. "I can do it, Papi."
"No," I said. "I told him to do it. Boy, I told you to do something, and you're going to do it. Grab that cock and put it in your girlfriend."
"Oh, gross, come on," Tony said.
He begrudgingly reached around between Vida's legs for my cock, taking it in his hand. He did not have a nice warm loving grip like Vida. He handled it like a baseball bat, but he did well enough, angling it up into his girlfriend. I lowered her down, and Vida and I moaned in unison as that cock vanished up inside her guts. Her pussy lips wrapped tight around it. She whimpered and mumbled against my mouth and then began kissing me.
"Oh, Papi, you are an amazing lover."
"Fuck, little girl. For such a small little thing, you can take a lot of cock."
"I'm trying for you, Papi. I'll take your cock as much as I can whenever you want."
Tony was busy wiping his hand off and complaining, but neither of us were paying attention to him. I'd forgotten any lesson that remained. Vida was grinding up and down on my shaft, and I was thrusting up to meet her. I knew even as we kept fucking like this, I was reaching my limit. I should have told her to slow down, to climb off, to change positions, but the truth was, as much as my son was a fast cummer, I had been one in my youth too, and this girl was erasing years of training. There was no way I could last.
"Fuck, little one," I said, losing my breath. "I'm gonna, oh, no, fuck!"
There was no time. My balls surged and tightened. I could see Vida's eyes though, the way they were alight. She knew what was about to happen, and she was grinning. She wanted this, wanted the victory of making me cum, and she didn't even care about the condom.
"Cum, Papi."
It didn't matter if she said it, because I'd already started. Cum was blasting up inside her pussy. I was groaning out loud while she kept bouncing on my shaft.
"Fuck!" I cried out. "Oh, that's my good little babygirl. Oh, yes."
"Oh, Papi, yes, cum in me. I want it. I want your cum so bad."
"Hey, what the fuck?" Tony said. "You're cumming in her? No way! Come on! What the hell? You'll get her pregnant!"
I was still thrusting up into Vida, grunting and groaning, holding her sides, pulling her toward me as I fucked up, and she bounced hard. She was wiggling her hips to grind down on my shaft.
I soon lost my momentum as my orgasm finished, my hard cock throbbing and spitting up the last of its sperm inside her warm love tunnel. She giggled and kissed me, slowly wiggling her hips.
"Like Papi like hijo. You cum too, mmm, but you last so, so much longer in this little pussy."
"Fucking hell, girl. You are a little monster. But I never leave a girl unsatisfied. You wanna cum, little one?"
"Yes, Papi, please. I beg you. You can't leave me after so much amazing sex without cumming too. It is too cruel from such an amazing lover."
"Oh, you're gonna cum, sweetie. Up, get on your knees in front of me, put this cock in your mouth."
"Hmm?" she said. "Papi?"
"Listen to me, sweetheart. Do as you're told."
"Si, sir."
She climbed off my cock, and we both lost our breath as my half hard shaft slipped out of her gooey pussy. Cum followed, dripping out of her pussy lips and running down her thighs, a glob falling on the floor. She knelt down to her knees.
"Now you're making her clean up your cock?" Tony said. "Gross, come on, I have to kiss her after this."
"You shut up," I told Tony. "Vida, put that cock in your mouth, suck it. I wanna feel your breath on my cock when you cum."
Vida looked very confused but she obeyed me like a good little girl, wrapping her lips around my cockhead. I lost a breath from the sensitivity of her tongue, but then I looked at my son.
"You, boy, get on the floor, on your back, head between her legs."
"Huh?" he said.
"You're gonna eat her pussy until she cums."
"What? No way!"
"Yes, fucking way!" I snapped at him. "I promised this girl an orgasm, and she's your girlfriend. You're going to give it to her. Lord knows you owe it to her."
"But you came in her!"
"Yes, and I brought her very close, and every second you're not eating her pussy, you're making more work for yourself."
"But there's cum all over her!"
"Good. Clean her up. We don't want her to get pregnant anyway."
"But, Dad--"
"Now!" I snapped at him. "Don't make me tell you again, boy. Don't."
Vida's eyes were alight as she listened to this conversation. She was already taking wider steps apart with her knees in preparation. I looked down at her pretty little face. I petted her cheek.
"Would you like that, little girl?"
Vida nodded, taking her lips off my cock. "Oh, yes, so very much, Papi."
"Will that make you cum, babygirl?"
"Yes. I am so close, Papi. Please make him eat my pussy. I need it."
"You heard her, boy. Don't make me tell you again."
Tony grumbled and whined, but he didn't disobey his father. Down he went, sliding under Vida, his hard cock still pointing up. He positioned his head between her open legs. She lowered her pussy down to his mouth. Her pink and brown lips were covered in white cream. Tony made a face as he opened his mouth. Her pussy lips fit so perfectly inside his mouth. He made a groaning sound as his lips enveloped her pussy lips, sucking on them. She moaned loudly as his tongue penetrated her. She wrapped her lips around my gooey cock and began sucking.
I sighed. "Is he making you feel good, babygirl?"
She nodded on my cock, carefully licking up all the semen her pussy had left behind. "Yes, Papi. Oh, he's cleaning my pussy so good."
I glanced down between her legs. I could see the cum on my son's cheeks and nose, as well as his tongue as he dipped in her filthy, sopping wet cunt, overflowing with jizz. I really had loaded her up with cum, and now the boy was busy emptying her.
"Don't miss a drop, son. I don't want your mother finding out I fucked this girl, and a big belly on her would bring a lot of questions."
Tony mumbled and grunted, but he said nothing as he kept licking along Vida's slit, not that he could speak.
"Focus on her clit, son," I directed. "Suck it and lick it. This girl wants to cum."
"Mmm, I do, so badly, Papi. He's bringing me so close, and this amazing cock in my mouth is helping me so much. I'm in love with your cock, Papi."
"I know you are, babygirl. You just suck that cock while he eats your pussy, okay?" I said.
Vida smiled happily as she licked along my shaft. She swung my cock a few times with her hand around the base and slapped her tongue with it and then rubbed her face against it. She lovingly kissed around my shaft and ran her tongue up where there was some cum left. I could see she was having trouble focusing on sucking cock now. She was getting very close to orgasm.
I put my hand on her head and began stroking her hair. Her breath was heavy on the shaft of my cock. Her little nails were digging into my thigh.
"Oh, Papi, he's sucking my clit so hard. Oh, it feels so good. I really need to cum."
"Cum on his face, sweetheart. Squirt in his mouth if you want to."
"I want to. I want to. I want to," Vida said quickly. I could feel her rapid breath on my shaft. She was about to lose it.
"Keep it up, son," I said, glancing down between my legs, seeing him between Vida's legs, his tongue stretched to its maximum length, ravaging her little clit. And then Vida's eyes rolled back into her head.
"Oh, oh, Papi! Oh, soy una chica feliz!"
I glanced down as my son called out, "Oh, fuck!" because Vida was drenching him in girl cum. I chuckled as I watched her, stroking her hair while she moaned and cried out to God in pleasure.
"Good boy, son! Keep working that pussy!"
Tony did, obeying his father and pleasing his girlfriend for a change. His tongue worked her over perfectly, and her little whimpers grew softer as her orgasm receded.
"Oh, Papi, oh, Papi, it felt so good."
"That's my girl. Come here, sweetheart. Climb in Daddy's lap."
Vida climbed up, leaving my son on the floor. She curled up in my lap, and I held her close. My son climbed up too.
"That was gross, Dad," he whined.
"Son, go shower, again."
"What about you two?"
"We'll shower in a minute. Go on."
Tony grumbled but left, wiping his face and chin, disappearing and closing the door behind him.
Vida stayed in my arms. I stroked her bare back. She kissed my neck and nuzzled her nose into my chin.
"Papi, I wish you were my boyfriend."
I turned her head and kissed her lips hard, my tongue finding her tongue. We both lost our breath, our noses struggling to keep up with our long kiss. Eventually, I broke it.
"Babygirl, you are my girlfriend."
"Que?" she whispered.
I gave her a smile and a nod. "You're his fuck buddy, but you're my girlfriend now. Don't tell anyone though. It's our little secret, okay, babygirl?"
"Mmm, si, Papi, si."
"Good girl."
The End