Things get slippery for Mace. Rotten comes up smelling like roses, Lily's even. Just like in a soap opera, jealousy, love, sex, and paint balls whizzing by your head.
*****
"Why am I giving you a bath when I might be getting laid here soon? I should have just tossed you outside by the pool and let you air off. But, nooooo Mister Generosity just had to use shampoo and my own freaking bathtub. If I'd showered you in Piper's shower she would have cut me off." He chuckled, "Don't hate me buddy, but I liked masturbating next to my Auntie last night. Badass! I know it's not going any further than that but it doesn't mean I can't torture her. You and I both know your Master is a nympho, she's resisting but the thought of going further is on her brain. She loves having me around even if I do shit that gets on her nerves. Think I should ease up on her? Naaaa! Me neither."
Holding Rotten firmly as the Rottweiler grew restless Mace added more shampoo to his fur rubbing it in good, it was noble that Mace loved animals, being a trainer high on his agenda. He had already proven his skills with Rotten, working with him a little each day to bring out his intelligence level. Rotten was no dummy, the only issue was that he was more obedient toward Mace than his true owner Piper Cherry. She was going to have to find time to work alongside Mace more in that area, less side by side in her bed.
"Did I tell you Dakota kissed me?" Mace spoke to Rotten as if he were human. He had told the pup that three times now, maybe he was just running out of things to say. "Caught me off guard when I dropped her and her sister off at school. I hope that doesn't get around too much I kinda like Tina. I guess I'll know if Tina's mad if she doesn't show up with Octavia later, that or when I go to the football game tomorrow night. I'm glad Piper said I could go I'm getting really bored around here. At least we get cable turned on tomorrow, now I can watch pornos." He chuckled, "Speaking of...should I fuck with Aunt Piper again on her camera? I know darn well she's going to check up on me after fucking Tina in her bed yesterday. Think I should push my luck and do both Tina and Octavia in her bed this time?" The dog looked at him as he rinsed his back with an extended shower head. Droopy eyes was no help at all, he just wanted to shake off and run around feeling clean.
"As angry as Aunt Piper sounds I know she's laughing her ass off inside. She's the coolest Aunt I have, sexiest too. Bree's hot but she's into girls too heavy for...not that I wouldn't watch if she let me. We have a pretty fucked up family don't we buddy?" He pampered Rotten holding his palm over the dogs eyes to rinse his neckline and scalp. Once done he shut the water off and let the showerhead dangle in the tub. "Okay, I think you're squeaky clean again. Let's dry you off and put you outside by the pool in the sun."
With Mace rising to procure a towel Rotten shivered dramatically showering Mace unexpectedly with a torrent of droplets making him growl, "HEY! Now I need to take a shower. Thanks a lot!" Struggling to contain the pup Mace dried him off enough to be satisfied that he wasn't going to have to shampoo the carpets too. Releasing the dog from his captivity Rotten burst into a vivid dance around Mace's bedroom. Jumping on his bed he rolled around on his back getting the bedding soaked.
"What the fuck Dude? Now I have to change my sheets. Why is it that I have to do laundry every day between Piper's covers and now mine?" The dog rolled to face him then woofed. Pillow under the dog made Mace wince even more, "OH HELL THE FUCK NO! You didn't just rub your balls on my pillow. DOWN!" Mace pointed at the floor, Rotten instantly climbing from the bed to the floor below. "DOWNSTAIRS...GO!" His roomie darted out the bedroom door and headed downstairs in the blink of an eye, "STAY OFF THE FURNITURE!" He knew he wouldn't.
"Fuck!" Stripping his bed he took the laundry down to the washroom. Sure enough Rotten was rolling on the couch. "Dammit Rotten...!" He took time to carry his burden into the laundry room and put them in the washer, then adding detergent and fabric softener, water started. Leaving it in a hurry he sprinted to the French doors leading to the pool in the backyard. Door wide Rotten jumped from the couch and bolted out. Closing the door Mace watched the dog go nuts outdoors in his energetic blowing off of steam.
Eying the wet couch cushions he knew they would just have to dry, a few shots of Febreze did wonders. Looking up at the living room camera he just shrugged at it should Piper be spying, mouthing, "Sorry!" Good enough for him.
Tugging his shirt out and smelling himself he knew he needed to shower before..."Fuck! It's 2:20? Where did the time go? The girls will be here in ten minutes if they show up when Tina did. I don't have time...or do I?" He grinned devilishly. Going to the kitchen he found a pad of Post-It Notes and wrote, "In the shower...come on in." Sticking it to the outside of the front door he shut it and scrambled to get a fresh pair of sweat pants. Looking at his own messy shower he caught the whiff of wet dog, "Yeaaaah! Showering in Piper's bathroom. Room for three..." He chuckled. "Me, Tina, and Octavia. Woohoo!" He had no idea that fellow cheerleader Lily was tagging along. He would soon.
Heading downstairs he went into Piper's bedroom and realized her toy Bodzilla was laying on her bed. Considering that he should hide it he decided to just leave it and grab his shower. Firing up the hot water he vacated his old sweats and hopped in under the steam. It was then that he miscalculated, "Oh shit! No manly soap...dammit! Only fruity kinds, I guess I smell like peaches and cream." He wasn't running back upstairs. Soaping up he took his time, watching the door the entire shower, getting erect at picturing the girls walking in on him. His dick was mighty, all he could do once he soaped it up not to rub one off.
Mace Belmont was tired of smelling Piper's dog Rotten, being a rambunctious, rather large pup he tended to roll around in the yard quite a lot. This was not on Mace's schedule but sadly Rotten had gotten a tad too close to where he urinated many times prior. Now that the pup got a bath Mace himself picked up the odor of drenched fur, clinging to him like a second skin. Certainly an awful choice of cologne to insure the girls wanting to kiss on him would go well. Maybe Peaches and cream wasn't such a bad idea after all. If they didn't show up on time as he had hoped, he would just walk upstairs and slap on some of his manly cologne. Last resort, he wanted to shower with the girls or at the very least let them watch him behind the glass.
Outside on the street Tina Wiles, joined by her cheerleader besties Octavia and Lily arrive and park along the curb. Eying the house Lily found it in herself to ask something nagging at her. "Are you sure this is cool? Mace kissed Dakota, are we...interfering by seducing Mace?"
Tina leered over her shoulder at Lily sitting in the backseat, "Do we care? We all have boyfriends...well, playthings. Most of them see other girls too. Nature of the best."
"Isn't that beast?" Octavia chuckled.
"Not in my jungle." Tina winked, if they had known that right in the exact moment Dakota McKellen kissed Mace Belmont outside Horton-Dexter, Tina was in the gym fucking Angus Furlong. Fair trade when you got down to it. Angus wanted Dakota, Tina wanted Mace for more great fun. In her eyes it made sense.
"In that case let's go ape." Octavia opened her car door and took the lead. Tina racing around her vehicle trying to overtake Octavia's spot as first to the front door. Lily lagging behind as she heard loud music. She had a strong hunch where the music was coming from and grew edgy. Jogging to catch up to her friends she tried to shrug off the bad omen that was haunting her.
"Wait! We should do what I did yesterday." Tina whipped her shirt off over her head, the girls eying her as if she were crazy. "What? I got naked, rang the doorbell and laid out here in the grass with my legs wide. Mace came to the door and I played it like...fuck me Mace." She offered a sexy tone of voice, "He loved it."
"Uhhh?" Octavia looked back at the grass noting a pungent odor lingering in the air, "Miss Cherry does have a dog that...like pees in that lawn." Tina suddenly bulged her eyes, she hadn't even considered that yesterday, she luckily dodged a bullet.
"Note on the knob guys." Lily pointed at it, Tina snapping it up with greed, "He's in the shower. Says to walk on in."
"You first, "Octavia winced, "That way if Piper's dog uses your leg as a chew toy, Lily and I can run and help Mace rinse off before he comes to save you."
"Love you too. I think I saw a commercial for a herpes medication that was called Octavia."
"Yeah? Wasn't there a plague once called ScarleTINA? Killed millions I heard."
"Will you two stop competing, we're not doing cheers. Let's go see if his big dick is up for us. You know it must be after Octavia kissed him earlier and warned him we were coming. Three girls must have him...prepared." She herself reaches around and opens the door pushing it wide open, feeling a gust of the air conditioning razzing their pores all three walked right on in. Lily closing the door seemed logical, she did open it. Hearing the water running it was easy enough to figure out what direction it was coming from.
"His bedroom was upstairs." Octavia pointed out.
"We had sex in Miss Cherry's bed. It was awesome." Tina removed her jeans in the living room, not fond of underwear she was naked pretty easily. Ankle socks only she took the lead and marched into Piper's bedroom and rounded the bed to reach the bathroom. Seeing Mace behind steamy glass she giggled biting her nail, "Yummy! He's rock hard and ready for me."
Behind her Octavia explored the room further, locating the walk in closet full of packed tight dresses and other assorted clothing. As if hearing Angel's singing she was in awe, "Holy crap! Miss Cherry has enough dresses to sponsor a small country." Lily shying away from the bathroom even as she noted Tina smashing her breasts against the shower door to let him in on her arrival. Hearing him whistle at her and drag her into the shower Lily found herself more into further exploration. Mainly, the big window facing the swimming pool, she knew Hooter's Crossing well, something that had bothered her when coming here for cheerleading practice. Noting the homes behind Piper's, she first looked at Travis Herbert out on his deck eating a bowl of whatever, it was chili his mom had made. Secondly she spotted the musical culprit and swallowed dryly.
"Hey! Hard Knox is home." Octavia moved next to her friend, "Killer jams. Needs more hip hop though. Don't sweat it Lil' he's over there, you're over here."
"Why doesn't Piper have curtains on her windows?" Lily noticed. "He can look right over and see us standing here. Isn't Piper worried he or Perbert might look in on her?"
"Uhhh? You even see what Miss Cherry wears to school? Wench loves being seen in skimpy clothes. Wish we could I'd be wearing a bikini to school. Micro even!"
"At least she got Manley to agree to Wednesday dress code omission."
"Friday too I hear through the grapevine."
"Really?" Lily flared her eyes, "How is Miss Cherry getting Principal Manley to stop being a hard ass?"
"Her soft ass." Octavia chuckled, "Bitch has curves."
"She's not a bitch. I like Piper."
"Me too. Just sayin'! You notice anything else...like what's laying on her bed?" A pinky point guided Lily's gaze to the dildo.
"No. What is it?" Lily turns just as Rotten pounces on the glass window behind her, his loud barking startling both girls into freezing in step. "SHIT! He scared the life out of me."
"Am I white?" Octavia bulged her eyes examining her arms to see if she had changed color.
"Why do you always say that?" Lily frowned, "It's as bad as white people calling black people the N word."
"Don't you say it, I'll cut you with Piper's nail file over there on her dresser."
"Whatever!" Lily looks to the king size bed and spots what Octavia had pointed out, "The huge dildo?"
"You think Mace plans to use it on us?" Octavia grew giddy.
"You maybe. I'm not using...that has to belong to Miss Cherry."
"She must like big shlongs." Octavia looked around some more, "Whoa! She has cameras over her bed. Loving our girl more and more."
"She could be spying on us from school right now." Lily waved at it smiling.
"Oh yeah! Nice save, we're only fucking her nephew on this bed in ten minutes. She could see everything we do."
"Since when does that bother you?"
"True! We can just blame it on Mace, say we didn't know about the camera."
"Then, quit pointing at it."
"You quit waving at it." Both girls giggled, torn between Rotten barking at them outside and hearing Mace groaning the two chose to see what Tina was up to. Spying their friend on her knees sucking his dick was all it took for the girls to start stripping. Both nude and eying one another Lily jabbed a finger into Octavia's rib playfully, "Him, then me."
"Why wait?" Octavia stormed her girl Lily and walked her laughing toward the mattress until Lily fell backwards. Snatching up Lily's legs Octavia knelt down and began eating her companion out. In the few minutes it took to stimulate the tiny blond she began moaning and juicing up beneath Octavia's overly talented tongue. With a clear shot into Piper Cherry's windows and hearing Rotten's barks Travis Herbert perked up after a healthy belch from his food. Using his telescope he zeroed in on the window to see what the canine was excitably yelping at.
"WHOAAAAA! Octavia and Lily. Where's Mace? Lucky bastard." He observed the girls frolicking about for five minutes until his cellphone buzzed. Looking away from his birds eye view Travis read a text from, "Awww! Sable misses me." He quickly typed back, "Wanna smooch later?" Her response was a single blushing emoji. He polished off his end of their conversation with, "All over?" Two blushing emoji's returning informed him of her uncertainty, "Awww maaaan! She's going to chicken out. I knew I went too far at her house." He pouted then realized something, "She didn't push me away though. I gotta stop reading into things negatively." Back to Octavia and Lily.
Next door but blind to Travis stood Knox Hardecker and his drinking buddy Dip. They too were reacting to Rotten's persistent barking while rearing up on his hind legs to look inside the window. At first Knox used his remote to turn up the stereo inside his room to block the dog's annoyance. It took Dip to squint against the glare on the window in Piper's bedroom to conclude someone was on her bed.
"Yo! Where's your binoculars?" Dip moved through the bedroom door from the balcony in search of them, finding a large powerful pair on the dresser. Returning as Knox smoked a cigarette Dip peered out over the properties and zoomed in on Lily and Octavia. "No way!" He exhaled with awe.
"What's going down?" Knox blew a smoke ring.
"Your ex Lily...her and Octavia are munchers."
"LILY?" Knox yanked the binoculars from Dip's grasp, the cord around Dip's neck dragging him along awkward up to his bud's shoulder. "Crap! Lily never did that kind of stuff when we dated. What the hell is she doing at that skanks house?" Just as he spoke Mace and Tina stepped into the picture as Mace laid Tina right beside the dining girls. "THAT MOTHERFUCKER! He's hitting Tina Wiles? I swear to God if he fucks Lily I'll slit his fucking truck tires." Seeing Octavia lift away from Lily and move away to return behind Mace to kiss along his shoulders Knox grit his teeth and held his breath. Lily just sat up and watched the others, peering toward Knox yet not really noticing him.
"Looks like Cherry's nephew is fucking Tina silly." Dip removed his head from the choking binocular band and winced as best he could toward the window. Taking the stereo remote Dip silenced it and they heard Tina Wile's screaming up a storm. It was obviously a distant muffle but loud enough to be heard. "What's that asshole got that we don't?"
"Fuck you Dip! He's got my girl in bed with him. Obviously, he's got all three naked." Knox grew bitter, glued to the scene unfolding. Lily was still the odd girl out at this point. In a playful wrestling match Mace pulled out of Tina's drooling cunt then twisted around to storm Octavia. Taking her on to her back and nailing her missionary style. "Lily looks lost." His demeanor suddenly switching to confusion, "Fuck I miss Lily."
"Dude! You fucked every girl in Nashville behind her back. She was never as outgoing until you two split up."
"I know but I loved Lily."
"Love kinda means be faithful Bro."
"Shut up! I'm going over there."
"Stupid move. Just call her from here. Why risk that big ass Rott ripping you a new one?"
"Dammit!" Knox finds his cell in his back pocket and locates Lily's number but pauses dialing it, "She hates me Dip."
"I don't think she has an ounce of hate in her Knox, you just hurt her is all. It's been a year maybe she's in a forgiving mood." Dip aims to console his boy. "Can't hurt to at least try."
"What if she doesn't answer?"
"Well, she is naked with the pool boy. Might not even be near her cell."
"Don't rub it in Bro." He grumbles then dials her number. Watching her reaction to everything in general through the binoculars Knox notes Lily pause knowing her cell was ringing from her pants pocket on the floor. Crawling out of bed she locates her cell and realizes her caller. Jaw dropping she twists in step peering out the window knowing he was out there watching.
"Shoot!" She whimpers loud enough for Tina to hear her. Tina rolling on her side letting Mace destroy Octavia merely sighs, "Almost your turn Lily."
"Knox is watching us." She showed her the persistent phone call still ringing. Tina sat up and looked out the window finding Knox staring her way through binoculars, teeth gnashing at knowing her friends past love life she sighs, "I say let Mace fuck you up against the window and flip him off. Hardecker's a prick."
"Not always." Lily pouted, she still had feelings for Knox but not as heavily as her heart used to feel. "I...don't want to answer him."
"Here! Let me." Tina steals her cell and answers with, "Hey Hardpecker, Lily's busy right now, at the sound of her orgasm please leave a message." Tina then nudged Lily backwards and buried her own face into the girls snatch. Lily instantly began yelping, fingers ramming up inside her pussy. With her phone next to her Lily found the energy to pluck it up and answer it for herself, "What do you want Knox?"
"That better not be that fucknut hitting you." Knox growled.
"What if he were? What I do is my business now." She spoke, Knox knowing the truth while overhearing Octavia yelling, "FUCK ME HARDER WHITE BOY." He closed his eyes thankful that Mace wasn't tapping his...ex. Still his girl in his mind.
"I...I'm sorry I fucked up." Knox had to turn away from Dip to hide sorrow. Dip just nodded, he knew heartbreak well himself. Mostly, because he could never get a girlfriend on his own.
"Shit!" Lily whined at Tina's feasting, "It's in the past, we're both moving forward Knox." Hearing Lily acknowledging her caller Mace peeled upward over Octavia, her hands rising up toward him wanting him to come back over her chest and kiss her. Keeping up his rapid thrusting was enough until he did. Watching Tina eat Lily was beautiful, Lily had that cute sweetness factor going on. Her pale skin firm and gently toned, supple breasts dancing, pink nipples circling one another as if ballet performers. Very nice!
Turning his attention toward the window Mace peered out and saw first Travis watching, then Knox and Dip. Growling he uttered, "Wish she would put up curtains." Being observed fucking hadn't occurred to him, yesterday they could have seen him destroy Tina Wiles, worse yet he and his Aunt masturbating side by side. Luckily, Knox and his Father were out yesterday having an early dinner at the country club and a round of golf. One of the few bonding days they had endured in months, his Father being a lawyer, Knox being a douche.
"Tell numbnuts to stop looking at me." Knox informed Lily of Mace's checking them out, vice versa.
"He can do whatever he wants." Lily trembled, "I have to go."
"LILY WAIT!" Knox cursed.
"What?"
"I LOVE YOU."
"Bye Knox." She hung up on him leaving him to swear profusely on his balcony. Tapping Tina on the back with the balls of her feet Lily asked for escape, Tina lifting away wiping her chin. Blowing a kiss at Tina, Lily crawled in over Octavia's face and sat down facing Mace, "Kiss me."
"No problem." He leaned over to meet the adorable blond and made out, Tina scowling at being left alone. Beneath Lily, Octavia ate her bestie in a duet of tongues. Triad technically, Mace now Frenching Lily and poising a fuck you finger toward the window for Knox to witness.
Tina easing to her feet walked over to the window and danced in step like a stripper, offering her own double barreled birds at Knox and Dip. She could tell Knox was ready to find a gun, seeing him pacing in circles, she found it too funny. Turning back to Mace and Lily kissing she skipped behind Mace and knelt watching his deep thrusts sinking in and out of Octavia, balls full and mashing up as his thighs collided against hers. She found it mesmerizing between his insightful impacts and Octavia's tender squirts around each embedded insertion. Feeling frisky she taunted Octavia's butt pucker with one hand and Mace's with the other. Mace in particular did not approve of anything near his butthole unless it was a tongue. Giggling Tina chose to hop up and just kiss Mace's shoulder, toying with his scalp. She rather liked Mace. If only she had it in her to remain faithful to any one man.
As Octavia came hard Mace found himself reserving his nut for Lily. For some strange reason kissing her was intimate, sweet lips eager to embrace his helped his emotions. Pulling out of Octavia he opted for a breather and encouraged Tina down to her knees and to eat out Octavia a bit more. Lily setting up straight pouted at Mace for abandoning her. One look at her yearning eyes and he plucked her off of Octavia's face and walked her to the window. Whispering in her ear he offered, "Wanna make that douchebag really mad?"
"No." She looked up at Knox as Mace reached around her squeezing her tits. "Maybe." She felt his cock rubbing along her butt crack and pushed her bottom closer to him, it felt really good. "Yes."
"You really dated that guy? He's been a pain in my ass since I got in town. Messes with Travis, and Sable constantly. Probably things I don't even know about yet." Absolutely!
"I know. I still hear about girls he slept with behind my back. I used to care for him deeply, but now..."
"You're still confused. I can stop."
"No, please don't. Fuck me Mace. I want him to see what he's lost."
"Behind your back?" His erection slid lower and jabbed upward between her thighs making her rise up on her tiptoes, cute pink socks masking her nails.
"No I want to face him while you make me crazy inside."
"I can do that." He removes his remaining hand from her chest and presses her up against the glass. Her 36C's imprinting themselves on the pane, nipples like diamond cutters etching circles in the window. Kissing her neckline Mace nudged his way up into her tight little cunt and began spreading her lips wider than she had ever experienced, Knox being much smaller, the few other boys like Finn Rice not even close to Mace's size. Jaw dropping with awe and emotional acceptance she moaned, her eyes locked on Knox screaming down at her. Not even Dip could calm his buddy down.
Mace ignored him sealing his eyelids against the afternoon sun, focusing on this sweet smelling young blond that felt really good to be with. Her soft almost childlike moans made him harder than either Tina or Octavia could achieve. Even Lily could sense the growing appendage.
"You feel soooo good inside me." She whispered reaching her right hand back to caress his scalp as he kissed her neckline. Everything was bliss until Rotten jumped up on the window and barked at the activity on the other side. Trying hard to overlook Piper's pet Mace just kept on course. It wasn't until Rotten...acted rotten and began licking the glass directly over Lily's compressed breasts. If not for the glass the pup would be licking her tits. She whimpered at the imagery but kept her eyes lifted toward Knox. Huffs of sensitivity plaguing her G-spot Lily panted and moaned. "Mace?"
"Yeah?" He mumbled barely lifting his lips from her neck.
"Your dog is licking my nipples." If only through the glass shielding her from drool. Mace slapped the glass attempting to dissuade the Rottweiler from his sloppy intrusion.
"Get down. Don't ruin this for me Asshole." She sighed at his desire the second he added, "You're freaking beautiful." Melting at his breath exhaling warmly on her shoulder she realized something. Both Knox and Dip were gone.
"Where did Knox go?" She huffed hoping not to ruin her own delightful moment in time, hearing only Octavia and Tina playing behind them. With so much going on Mace was losing a bit of his earlier arousal, Lily whimpering at it's loss. "Mace? Please don't give up, make me crazy."
"I want to make you scream." He fucked her harder deciding that the only way to escape the distractions was to lift her up and carry her to the bed again. In doing so without his dick leaving her pussy's warm recesses the carry was more just picking her up and walking with her. She giggled at his decision not to pull out of her. Turning toward the bed Mace bent her over the mattress just above Tina's head. Octavia and she had switched places but with a bit extra in their appetite. "Are you fucking Tina with Bodzilla?"
Octavia looked up grinning, "Bodzilla? Really?" She was plunging the toy deep up into Tina's cunt, the girl squirming and squealing at her rapid insertions.
"My Aunt's...fuck! Clean that good after you're done." He gave up and coaxed Lily's ass up under his clutches for a better angle to tear her pussy up, the blond pixie crying out to compete with Tina Wiles wails. Under the ecstatic orgasms building in both girls Lily's phone was blowing up. Finally, Octavia snatched it from the blankets and answered it but just threw it aside. They could hear Knox yelling, "I'll kill that bastard."
With a smug glint between Octavia and Mace sharing thoughts on the matter both of them increased their vigor to bring out a louder more aggressive round of sensual screams. Lily was cumming hard on Mace's plunging nine as if a fist ramming her so deep her guts were tingling. She began tugging her hair even with her face buried in the covers, nothing was truly muffling her insanity. Slapping her ass brought out even more jolts of lively expression.
Octavia puckered her lower lip at Mace's power play praising him with, "Nice! White boy's got skills. You better slap mine like that next time you and I wrestle." Tina grew uptight at Octavia's ignoring pause and bellowed, "GIVE ME THAT THING!" Claiming Bodzilla Tina destroyed her own cunt and never looked back. Octavia merely patted her girls thigh. "You make a darling couple."
Hearing Octavia's jest Lily lifted her head and looked toward her bestie who smiled at her. Suddenly, Lily thought to herself, "We do don't we?" Mace was on her thoughts effortlessly after that. Trouble in more than one paradise, far too many apples in one basket for even Eve. Adam was on a roll.
Loud snarling heard the girls quickly realized it wasn't coming from the throat of their lover Mace. Eyes bulging they hear screams and savage barks. Mace refused to end his reign, his nut brewing for a hardcore eruption. Lily moaning with loss of breath at his dedication to drive her beyond anything she had ever experienced sexually, just whined a repetitive, "Don't stop! Don't stop!"
"Not gonna! Not gonna!" Mace huffed, thighs striking like lightning against her cheeks. "I'm gonna cum."
"I'm on the pill." Good thing, Mace didn't want to retreat, Lily felt too perfect. Snarling as loud as the ordeal unfolding outside over the cell, Mace Belmont exploded inside lovable Lily. Her shrill cries of fulfillment led to her own window shaking orgasm. Even Tina had to stop fucking herself and sit up amazed by their girl's earth shattering convulsions. Trouble was Mace just couldn't stop fucking. With a short slowdown he found a burst of energy and took Lily for a second round. The girl shrieked, "YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" almost a hiss as she hid herself in the covers coping with her new reality.
"Damn White Boy." Octavia praised him then tilted her gaze outside the bedroom window to see Knox running around the swimming pool screaming like a bitch as Rotten gave chase, nipping at his heels. Octavia just shrugged and caressed Lily's hair assisting in her emotional rescue, she was adored.
Tina cumming at her sole efforts also sat up and panted in exhaustion, smiling at Octavia as Mace consumed Lily's soul. Jealous slightly at how deeply invested Mace was in Lily, Tina crawled to her knees and joined in rubbing Lily's back softly. The devotion amongst girlfriends was admirable.
Outside, Dip was trying to distract Rotten away from Knox to no avail. Out of no where something struck Dip in the middle of his back taking his breath away. Crying, "Owwww!" he looked back to see Travis Herbert laughing on his balcony. High above Pervert Herbert had been videotaping the entire chase scene, taking time to load his paintball gun and firing at the invading forces. To him it was all a game, protect your allies, they would protect you. With Dip giving up and hightailing it back over the fence into the McKellen's yard he was gone.
Turning his attention on Knox, Travis took aim but knew the distance was too far to meet his target. Instead he just recorded Knox forced off the sidelines and into the warm waters of Piper Cherry's pool. Laughing his ass off at Knox getting tossed into the drink this time he waited until Hardecker surfaced to yell, "SERVES YOU RIGHT DICKHEAD."
"FUCK YOU PERBERT! YOU'RE DEAD." Rotten snarling from the shore darted his gaze between the enemies. Knox had no options but to try an escape, sadly his cell was on the bottom of Piper's pool. Yet, even without it he could hear Lily as clear as day. Octavia had gotten up and opened the window laughing alongside Tina.
"You always were wet behind the ears." Octavia chuckled. "Give it up Knox, you lost Lily long ago."
"I LOVE YOU LILY!!" Knox ignored Octavia's harassment, hoping his ex might hear his honesty. Seeing the cheerleaders look behind them they parted ways and Lily stepped into the window, the screen opening at Tina's assist. Once open Lily leaned out the window as Mace took her from behind once again. Wrapping his hands around Lily's throat she took one last look at Knox then moaned exhaustingly, "FUCK ME MACE! FUCK ME!"
Knox went pale viewing her passionate yearning for Mace's attentions. He could see Mace lost in his sweat nailing Lily from his own realm of reality. Twitching under each cross over of her G-spot Lily just tuned the world out in a blissful grasp on who she was. Who she wanted to belong to. For now, her thoughts were solely on her final orgasm of the day. Facing it head on Lily yelped and hissed her pleasure. Minutes of torture later she came violently on Mace's instrument, he joining her for a succulent detonation meeting her halfway. The union was breathtaking.
Once done and bodies relaxing Lily returned inside the window and turned to hold Mace. For the first time Mace spotted Knox floating in the pool, Rotten pacing the area ready to attack him as he surfaced to get out of the water. Chuckling at his predicament Mace kissed Lily holding both sides of her face tenderly, letting Knox sulk in his stew. Defeated Knox just floated lifelessly, tears forming in his eyes.
Looking up from his depression he heard the French doors open up and Lily stepped out alone, still naked. Rotten raced to the new visitor until he heard Mace whistle, the dog instantly ran inside. Alone at last Lily sat down on the edge of the pool and kicked water at Knox.
"Why did you fuck him of all people?" Knox muttered. "You could have gotten even with anybody else. Why him?" She shrugged and used her hands to show Knox a nine inch gap between palms, then a circular connection of fingers to display a pop can sized girth.
"Best ever." She grimaced.
"I...I'm sorry Lily."
"Too late. You should go home before he lets the dog back out."
"I love you."
"You never did Knox. I'm so over you."
"No you're not. I can see it in your eyes." He wades closer and starts his climb out of the water next to her. She remained calm and rested back on her hands until he stood dripping over her. Peering up at him resisting the sun in her eyes she let him sit down next to her. "Dammit Lily. I...miss you."
"It took you a year to call me. Seeing me fucked by another man just brought back memories. I'm not holding a grudge Knox, you just need to let me go. I'm...going to pursue Mace if he'll have me."
"I heard you were dating Finn Rice."
"Not really, we just fuck. He's only there to make me feel good. That will change if Mace...fingers crossed."
"He's not even from Nashville. Eventually he'll go home."
"Maybe after I graduate I'll go with him."
"Six months 'til then. The guy won't be any more faithful than I was. Hell he just fucked Octavia and I'm guessing Tina."
"I know, but there's a difference."
"How?" He peered behind him at the open French door praying Rotten wouldn't come back outside.
"I knew he was doing it. If he hides girls from me...I'm getting ahead of myself I don't even know if he likes me."
"He came in you twice."
"You counted from way out here?" She smirked, "I'm aware." She bit her lower lip smiling. "I plan on letting him do that again."
"Motherfuck!" He winced to see inside the house to find Tina and Octavia on their knees sharing in sucking Mace's cock, the dog on a sofa seat eying his every move. "They're giving him a BJ."
"I should be in there with them. I chose to be out here to keep peace. Go dry off Knox. Tell Dip I said hi." She pulls herself up and extends a hand to help him to his feet. Standing tall she smiles caringly at him and shares a warm wet hug before turning away quietly. At the door she entered but left it open. Kneeling between the girls Lily swallowed Mace's dick as far as she could take it in. The girls moved in to each side of his shaft until three sets of lips were licking and sucking that nine inch nightmare. Smugly Mace saluted Knox.
Pointing threateningly at Mace, Knox found Rotten leaving his comfy couch to defend his secondary Master. Eyes bulging Knox bolted into a run for his life barely making it to the fence behind Piper's pump shed. In climbing over Knox felt his pant leg tugged as Rotten clamped his teeth around it. Fighting to escape Knox looked up at a throat being cleared loudly. "DUDE!"
Firing three paintball pellets in a row directly into Knox, his chest went neon green, stinging like hell. A fourth shot striking the fence made Rotten release the enemies pantleg. Feeling his strain weaken Knox launched himself over the fence and cursed.
"Ohhhh Knoxy?" Travis chuckled, "In case you seek revenge, I caught your entire humiliation on video. Trust me I know what it's like to go viral."
Numbness set in and Knox Hardecker just shook his head and went on home. Rounding the front of his home he discovered his Dad getting out of his car scowling at the neon green dripping from wet clothing.
"Can't I ever come home and find you...normal?"
"Not now Pop!" Knox headed inside.
"HOLD UP!" His Father snapped, "You're gonna track on the carpet. Strip in the garage and let your clothing dry." He triggered the garage door remote. Sighing heavily Knox did as instructed. He just didn't care anymore.
Back at Piper Cherry's home Mace Belmont nutted one last time down Lily Hoffman's throat. Swallowing him she eased away and peered up at him with glistening eyes. The other girls looking at one another just went into the bedroom to get dressed. Once gone Lily whispers, "Thank you."
"For what?"
"Making my heart sing again."
"I did that?" He grinned as she nodded softly.
"Ask me out."
"Oh! Uhhhh?" He peered in at Tina putting her pants on. He did like Tina but...then Dakota McKellen entered his thoughts her kiss making him fidget. Lily caught on quickly and pouted, rising to her feet and sighing heavily. As she started around him he stopped her, "I...don't want a commitment is all."
"You were amazing Mace."
"I was? Can I...again?"
"Yes." She blushed, "and again, and again."
"Awesome. Uhhh?" He points at Tina and Octavia, "Them too?"
"I'm okay with that. I think you'll like me more in time."
"Maybe!" He grinned, "You were...I love the way you moan."
"It's after 3:30. We better go before it gets any later. Wouldn't want Piper catching anyone."
"Already caught Tina yesterday. Detention will keep her distracted. She got over it."
"Really?"
"Cameras." He pointed up above the TV.
"I knew that." She giggled then eased in to kiss him on the cheek. Just as she stepped back he grabbed her and kissed her long and hard. Emotions were evident.
********
Across town Piper Cherry sat at her cubicle desk looking at her cell. One leg on top of her desk she finished off her secret masturbation knowing time was close to greet her detainees in Detention. Cell in hand she sighed, "FUCK! That was some hot shit Nephew. Three girls this time. Got you beat...adding a 1 behind your three for 31 guys Bitch boy." So she hoped.
"Hate to see Bodzilla go." They forgot to wash that bad boy off. "I'm going to have to scold the girls for all this cutting classes shit!" Then, she realized that she used to do the same thing.
"There goes Tokyo!"