Considerate Boyfriend, Part 3


Prom Night

"Do you think I should wearthese?" Betsy asked.
It was Tuesday, just before noon and only two days after Betsy and her beguiling little daughter, Sydney had shanghaied me for the better part of the weekend. They had left me weak-kneed, cross-eyed and seriously dehydrated. They had managed to dehydrate me by teasing every drop of cum from my poor aching cock over and over for the entire course of the weekend. They had left my cock a raw, reddened, pitiful lump of sore flesh. My jaw still ached, and my tongue was almost as raw and abused as my poor dick.
"No, Betsy, you can't wear those to dance in. I think they have pretty strict laws about... um, exposing yourself when you dance in a bar," I told her.
"But-but - don't you think they're lovely panties?" she countered. She sounded so disappointed.
I wasn't disappointed in the least. Betsy had sashayed into my office in the snuggest miniskirt I had seen in a while, propped her foot daintily on the corner of my desk and was happily exposing her delicious pussy to me in a pair of open-crotched sheer black panties. The sight of those sweet pink folds of sensitive flesh peeking out through the black, lacy opening at her crotch was the loveliest, most inspiring thing I'd seen all morning. And the sights I'd already seen this morning included a vision of Sydney seated in the front row of my class, her sweet young legs splayed open to me for most of the class period. I'd just come from teaching my American Short Story class.
Strangely, Sydney had been wearing panties and possibly even a bra too this morning. She ordinarily shunned both as being too confining. Her panties had been pale blue, almost matching the cotton candy blue of her sweet thatch of pubic hair. Toward the end of class I thought her panties had begun to look awfully dark and damp.
With the memory of Sydney's sweet blue lagoon fresh in my mind, I stared into Betsy's lovely opening a moment longer, yearning to bury my face, tongue first in it.
"No. You can dance with your boobs out, butthis," I said with a wave of my hand at her crotch, "Is too much. Even if the sight takes my breath away."
"Oh," she responded, withdrawing her foot from my desk and smoothing her little skirt. Clearly, she was disappointed.
"I love your skirt too. But isn't it a little short?" I asked.
Betsy flashed me an almost evil grin and replied, "Yeah. I've kind of had to be extra careful. I've already caught two of my students staring. It's kind of nice to know I can make young men pay attention, though." She thought a moment longer, got a wicked gleam in her eye and added, "I bettheywould love to see my new panties!"
A moment later she turned and strolled out of my office, leaving the door open and me with a hardon straining at the seams of my pants.
The day before, after more prodding from both Betsy and her daughter, I had tracked down the phone number to "Dancers" and cautiously called to ask for Vera. Luckily, she was the one to answer. It turned out she had done a great night's business that night and many of her customers had asked about "that little girl." I could understand why so many of her customers had been asking about her.
Eventually I broached the subject of having Sydney come for a return visit some night soon. Vera practically screamed in my ear, begging me to bring her back. Her excitement quickly stalled out when I mentioned that her mother would like to come along too.
"She's not coming along as a chaperone, is she?" she asked cautiously.
I probably laughed a bit too long and surely too loud at Vera's question, but I could understand how she might think a mother in the room could complicate things.
"I don't think she has the slightest desire to chaperone her daughter. In fact, I suspect you might have trouble getting her to obey all the rules your dancers have to follow, if you know what I mean," I told her when I stopped laughing.
"She good-looking?" Vera asked in a businesslike tone.
"Sydney and Betsy are as different in looks as night and day, but Betsy is every bit as beautiful as her daughter. I think you will more than approve," I assured her.
Vera thought for a moment before answering, but said, "Well, I'll have to talk to them both, lay out the ground rules, you know. But if you think the mother will be okay, I'll give her a try too."
The rest of my conversation with Vera was relatively simple. Sydney had demanded that Vera's regular dancers be given the night off with full pay. Betsy had agreed to that as well, but she had expressed a willingness to dance for most of the night instead of the two or three hours in the early evening Sydney had bargained for with Vera on Sydney's first little adventure. Sydney had agreed to this, reasoning that the two of them could alternate their dance sets and give each other a few minutes of rest. For some reason I didn't understand, both women were captivated by the prospect of watching one another dance. There didn't seem to be any competitiveness at play, so I let it go. Vera fell all over herself agreeing when I suggested this coming Saturday night. I told Vera the two women were calling it 'prom night' and Vera chortled and replied, "Might be more like rodeo night, if you ask me!"
With the arrangements made for the coming weekend, I called Betsy and Sydney to give them the news. Both were thrilled by the news and that's where my trouble started. Betsy's crotchless panties were only the start of the taunting and teasing both women would put me through. On Wednesday Betsy called me into her office excitedly as if she had a mouse or a spider for me to kill. Upon entering her office, I discovered Betsy standing in front of her desk clad in a sheer, baby blue, floor-length negligee. She was clad in a matching, extremely sheer pair of panties and bra. Again, her sweet pink slit, and the dark fur of her landing strip were clearly visible through her almost invisible panties. She could never wear any of this as a stripper.
I would like to say her outfit left almost nothing to the imagination, but I would be lying. I had a pretty good imagination, and I was imagining alot of thingsas I gazed at her slim, long legs and trim figure swaying to and fro in this latest outfit. In fact, I wanted to use my imaginationall over her, right then and there in her office.
"Hold it right there,Mr. Torbelson!" she commanded suddenly, pointing directly to the spot of carpet where I was standing. This was her teacher's voice and I froze in place, instinctively stopped by the cold, hard authority in her voice.
"But!" I protested. All I had done was stretch out both hands and lean toward her. Filling my hands with those full, round, high-riding breasts with their hardened, pert nipples seemed like the most absolutely necessary thing for me to do in the world right now. Her breasts were calling out to me. I could tell from the way they swayed and danced so invitingly before me that they positively needed the comfort of my hands surrounding them, cupping them.
Betsy hastily retreated to the far side of her desk, looked sternly across at me and said, "Keep those hands of yours to yourself,Mr. Torbelson!I will not tolerate any monkey business in my office."
I personally wanted very much to share my hands with Professor DePoet. It would have been inconsiderate of me to keep my hands to myself. She and I clearly disagreed on this matter, but in the end, I was forced to respect her wishes.
Thursday afternoon Betsy marched into my office wearing a strapless little blue minidress that was barely the length of a T-shirt, planted herself in my open doorway, her feet spread in a defiant stance and blurted out, "What do you think of this?"
Finally! Something she could actually wear as a stripper! She definitely knew how tempting she was to me. She looked hot and she was standing in my open doorway almost defiantly.
"Magnificent!" I told her, "Now, that is exactly the slutty sort of dress you should be wearing Saturday might!"
"You like?" she half-asked and half-smirked.
I'm sure she already knew the effect she was having on my dick. I was gawking at her like a horny teenage schoolboy.
"What about now?" she asked suddenly.
Dammit! Just when I thought Betsy understood the 'dress code' and the boundaries for sluttiness in a strip club, she went and pulled something like this!
While I looked on, she had proceeded to hook two fingers from each hand into the top of her dress and give it a firm and most unladylike tug, bending at the waist as she squirmed it down over the length of her body. A second later she straightened, leaving her little dress in a heap around her ankles. Aside from her gleaming shoes and a lewd smile Betsy was standing buck-naked in my office doorway.
"Will this get their attention? Am I slutty enough?" she asked with a sweep of her hands to indicate her bare-assed condition. She even performed an inviting little shimmy of her hips to make herself more appealing.
"P-p-p-panties!" I stammered out hoarsely, "Y-y-you must wear p-p-panties!" It was hard to get sincerely mad at her when I had a hard-on. But it also pissed me off no end that she could parade down the school's halls wearing next to nothing, strip down to her high heels in my office doorway andyet, I couldn't even get one good handful of her gorgeous tits. Betsy was driving my sexual frustration to a fever-pitch. I didn't know what to expect next.
I sat there at my desk staring at Betsy's magnificent bare form and wondered what I had gotten myself into. Both mother and daughter had taken to tormenting and teasing me mercilessly. Sydney had been behaving much better than her mother - until this morning. All week she had worn panties. Now, granted, she continued to sit in the front row and had casually, almost absentmindedly opened her legs wide for me to see them from time to time. Yesterday she had worn a bright yellow pair, but this morning she had returned to her old tricks once again and gone panty-less. She was relentless in opening her legs and putting all those cotton-candy blue curls between her legs on full, shameless display for me. Only once during class, when one of her classmates came forward to pick up one of their papers did she bother to clench her sweet little thighs together. As her classmate returned to her seat, she grinned at me and slowly, deliberately opened her legs even wider for me. I could see the open lips of her pussy when she was finished. I quietly wished more of my students would have the courage to sit in the front row with Sydney. It might have put a stop to this unrelenting torture she was putting me through.
Sydney didn't stop there this morning, though. At the end of the period, when the class filed past my desk to submit their weekly writing assignments, Sydney had lingered. I'm sure she had intended to be the last in line.
"Professor Torbelson," she began, holding her paper out for me to see instead of dropping it on the pile on my desk, "I worked extra-hard on this assignment, but I have a question about this part here."
I eyed her with suspicion, fearing she had some devious motives at work. My suspicions would prove correct.
I accepted the paper she pressed into my hand and instantly discovered it was sticky-damp along the edge.
She pointed to a sentence at the end of the second paragraph, drew the middle and index fingers of her right hand over the text for my eye to follow and said, "I workedreally hardon this part. It took me a long time to make sure it wasexactlyright - the way I thought you would want it. What do you think?"
I stared blankly at the page. Her fingertips had left a visibly glistening wet streak across the page. I realized then that as the rest of the class had pressed forward around my desk to submit their assignments, Sydney had quietly dipped her hand into that splashing-wet little blue lagoon between her slim legs in order to prepare for this very moment.
I took a slow, deep breath. And yes, with her drenched hand hovering so near to my face and with another ample amount of her nectar spread across her paper's edges and now its middle, I was being treated to the headiest, most stimulating fragrance I had smelled since - well, since last weekend.
"Oh, Sydney!"I began in a gush of excitement, "You have it in perfect order! Well done!" At the same time my hand instinctively snaked out beside me searching for the wellspring of her sex.
She was too fast for me. Instead of sliding softly up the smooth inner side of her thigh, my hand merely clipped the hem of her dress as she sidestepped my little fishing expedition. It still mystified me that that she seemed always to be so sinfully damp between her legs. She seemed to accomplish it with positively no effort or awareness of it at all. Perhaps arousal was a near-constant state for her.
Sydney sidled away from my desk and sadly, away from my eager fingers. She left me with nothing more than her dampness and lingering scent on this week's assignment. I graded it on the spot, marking her down for a run-on sentence and one minor punctuation error. I held it up to my nose and inhaled deeply and decided her 'in-depth' efforts merited additional consideration. I gave her an 'A' and wished she had given me the opportunity to give her an 'A+' instead. It would have been so rewarding for us both if I could have gone for even a brief swim in her sweet, warm blue lagoon.
Frustrating near-misses and tantalizing glimpses of both mother and daughter were the only morsels these two sirens had allowed me for days. It was now Wednesday afternoon; I was seated at my desk and Betsy was still poised in my doorway like some tantalizing middle-aged version of jailbait. All I had to show for their taunts and teasing was one well-written, deliciously fragrant and moist essay.
"Well," Betsy announced nonchalantly as she stood before me, "I just thought you might appreciate seeing my new outfit."
Outfit! This was not an outfit! This was a form-fitting, skimpy sleeve of blue material that was only barely covering a highly respected college professor's most important - and most desirable assets. I'd actually only seen her wearing it for half a minute. The rest of the time she'd stood there posing like one of those models on a game show touting the latest prize. In this case the latest prize was pretty damn spectacular, but still, she couldn't dance completely nude in that strip club.
"Youdolike my dress though, don't you?"
"Yeah... but you have to wear panties!" I reminded her.
"Oh, I'll wear 'em. But still, don't you think I look better without them?"
In order to show me exactly how much she resented my mention of underpants, Betsy pivoted until her backside was aimed directly at me. She bent slowly at the waist until I could see the sweet smooth-shaven crease just beginning to yawn open between her legs, plucked up the dress, and then, slowly, teasingly began the process of drawing the snug material back up over her body. I was surprised that someone - a student or another faculty member - hadn't walked by during all this slow tease and discovered the prim and proper Professor Betsy DePoet with her tits out and her lovely ass bare. Once Betsy had straightened her hem and fussed a moment with the bodice, she turned to face me once more. A portion of one areola was clearly visible and I was certain she knew it.
A serious expression came over her face and she asked, "You don't think less of me for wanting to act just a little bit slutty and cheap for just one night, do you?"
For the first time all week I came suddenly to understand the reason for all of Betsy's lewd fashion shows and her shameful teasing. I recalled the way Sydney had asked me to hold her as she cried after her night as a stripper weeks ago. All the doubts and guilt she felt at what she had done and how she had tormented and, to her rather prim way of thinking,cheatedso many men out of their money in the bar that night were feelings Sydney had come to terms with. Her mother appeared to be facing the same conflicts and the same doubts.
I slowly felt I was coming to understand both mother and daughter. Behaving this way - dressing trashy, enticing me and most other men, as well as fucking like a mink were things they both enjoyed, but deep down, both Betsy and Sydney were decent, honest, good-hearted women. Sydney had already begun to come to terms with these two very opposing parts of herself. She had Tommy, and also me to thank for that. Betsy, on the other hand was still working to reconcile the sluttiest, lustiest part of her desires with that already firmly established, strait-laced, member-of-the-faculty part of herself. Right now, her struggles were driving me crazy.
Between the many sightings of Sydney's dripping wet, pastel blue pussy and the lewd, hands-off glimpses of Betsy's delicious body, I had developed a deathly case of blue balls. Until this week I had seriously doubted that blue balls were even a real thing. Now my dick was stiff most of the time, I felt light-headed when I was near either of them and yearned to break both of the hard-and-fast rules they had made me swear to when I made the arrangements for their prom night: no beating off (Sydney's words, not mine) and no calling them or showing up on their doorstep begging for mercy. I didn't think they would ever know if I 'beat off,' but on the off-chance that either one of them had a change of heart, I wanted to stay hard and at the ready for them at a moment's notice.
Their cruel teasing did provoke a slightly malicious scheme in my head, though. Before I could stop myself, I had dialed good old Vera's number at the strip club and had a conversation with her. It turns out she was almost as excited over this little additional scheme I proposed to her as she was over my first call when I offered her two sensational dancers for the coming Saturday night. She didn't really explain why she was so excited, but she did end our conversation by assuring me she would have everything ready for Sydney and Betsy on Saturday night and chuckled that she'd be killing two birds with one stone. I wasn't sure what she meant by that, but I felt a sort of wicked twitch run through me when I imagined what lay in store for Betsy and Sydney on Saturday evening.
***
The drive to their prom night beginning late Saturday morning was relatively uneventful, though I had to warn them more than once not to flash truckers. Both of them seemed to take great delight in teasing me to distraction as we plowed along on the interstate. It's a wonder we didn't have a wreck. The only thing I used my rear-view mirror for was to stare at the deep blue sea between Sydney's open legs in the backseat. When I wasn't doing that, I was watching Betsy discreetly diddle herself beside me in the front seat or tug her blouse open for passing truckers. They were both so excited they giggled half the time like giddy middle-schoolers.
Upon our arrival, the two of them bounded out of my car, ignored checking into the motel altogether and scurried off to the explore the strip club on their own. I checked into our room, carted the few bags we had into the room and was just making my way to the bar to join them when they returned in a lather.
"We've got to get ready to dance!" Betsy huffed out excitedly.
It was early still but both women were out of breath and almost beside themselves with excitement. Betsy was already tearing at her top even before I got the door to the room unlocked. Betsy shucked her top, tugged a makeup kit from her suitcase and scampered into the bathroom. She hesitated in the doorway, turned to me and said, "Why don't you go on over to thegentleman's cluband we'll be along soon. That lady, Vera said she wanted to talk to you."
Betsy pronounced the wordsgentleman's clubwith an air of sophistication, and I had to suppress a laugh. This bar was a down-and-dirty working-class strip club frequented by farm boys and factory workers who came in to drink beer and stare at titties. I almost chuckled to think Betsy believed she'd be dancing for gentlemen. Put beer in a man's hand and a bare ass shimmying in his face and no self-respecting maleeverremains a gentleman for long.
"If I don't talk to you before your first dance, good luck!" I told them both and made my way to thegentlemen's club.
Vera was all smiles when I arrived and even offered me a free beer. "Thank you! I've never been given this kind of gift before. I only hope it keeps on giving for months!"
I didn't understand quite what she was talking about. "Were you able to make the arrangements we discussed?" I asked.
Oh, god yes! They jumped at the chance the very second I laid it out for them and they even added a younger guy to the mix to make it more challenging," Vera confided.
"These guys can be trusted, can't they? I mean they're not serial killers or escaped convicts, are they?"
Vera laughed at that and replied, "Two of them are duly elected officials of the county and the third one is an appointed county official. The only thing your two lady friends have to worry about is... well, one of these men can pose quite achallengefor any lady. I'm sure they will be up to the challenge, though. Enjoy your beer - and talk to Teddy at the bar if you want another. He'll keep you fixed up."
Vera got up and sauntered over to a table of young men, patted a couple of them on the shoulder and deftly managed to sidestep a roving hand that was about to land on her backside. She said something I couldn't hear and the table laughed. The fact that Vera had involved county officials in our little plot worried me. I had expected she would hire a couple of yokels for our scheme. We would have a little fun at Betsy and Sydney's expense, and, with a little luck, the girls would be none the wiser. Involving county officials implied there might be broken laws and more serious consequences. Still, Vera had been elated over our plan and the arrangements she had made. I had to trust her, I supposed.
Halfway through my beer Sydney and Betsy came pushing through the front door carrying themselves very much like two women on a mission. Both were clad in long, lightweight coats and each of them was carrying what appeared to be one of the very same shopping bags Sydney had been carrying when I first met her on our bus ride. I supposed the coats were intended to conceal their dance outfits. They ignored me completely as they scurried past me to the dressing room.
The dressing room still had the same crude plywood door with its nailed-on hinges. Nothing seemed to have changed except there were far more men in this bar than I expected. It was late on Saturday afternoon - too early for the party crowd and definitely too late for this crowd to be mostly 'regulars.' Most of them were already crowded around the dancer's stage and the dancing hadn't even begun yet. I began to think Vera had let it be known Sydney would be returning tonight. If so, the dePoet mother-daughter team was going to see a lot of action tonight.
Two minutes later, Sydney appeared on the stage, fed some money into the jukebox, turned to face all the horny men before her as she waited for the music to begin. A hushed, low groan swept through crush of men at the stage. Sydney smiled innocently, then set to swaying her hips gently in time to the song's slow intro.
Both mother and daughter had modeled many outfits for me in the past week but neither of them had told me what they were actually going to wear. Sydney's outfit was an updated and much more sophisticated version of her original schoolgirl uniform. Her white stockings had wide, lacy tops. She had on shoes with short heels and a sheer white blouse. She was even wearing a lacy little bra tonight - though it was so sheer I could see the outline of both nipples. Her schoolgirl skirt was much shorter too. Each time she turned or swayed I caught glimpses of a smooth, round ass cheek and a bit of her white cotton panties. Sydney had clearly come to understand the powerful impact her innocent little-girl looks had on men and she intended on using everything on her audience tonight. She even managed a forlorn pout when her first 'tipper' only tucked a dollar bill in her left stocking. I watched him hesitate for a moment and frown before producing another single and tucking it into her right stocking. Sydney beamed and rewarded him with a heartfelt, long French kiss that I'm sure fogged the middle-aged fellow's glasses up. She looked so comfortable and innocent down on her knees hugging that balding fellow while tangling her tongue with his.
By the time that first song ended she had a couple more bills tucked in her stockings, and she had unbuttoned her blouse. Midway through the second song her blouse came off and from her gestures, I gathered she was encouraging men to tuck tips in her tiny see-through bra. Soon she had money spilling out from between her pert little boobs too.
In the coming ten minutes Sydney happily worked her way out of everything but her panties. Thankfully her panties weren't nearly as sheer as her bra. I still had nightmare visions of some shadowy squad I could only call the 'panty police' suddenly appearing and arresting one or both of the dePoets ladies for public indecency and then carting them off to jail in a state of complete and brazen nudity. At least it wouldn't be Sydney, I sighed with relief. Betsy would be onstage soon enough.
When Sydney's final song ended, she gracefully plucked up skirt, blouse, bra and a few stray bills that had fallen from her bra, waved to her audience with a smile, and retreated to the dressing room. Betsy would be next, and I was already sweating over what she might do. Her open disdain for the laws concerning stripping and dancing in public worried me. Baring that delicate sweet MILF pussy of hers tonight might well get her arrested. At the very least she might be thrown out of Dancer's.
The gentle hoots and whistles from the audience had just died down when Betsy appeared in the dressing room doorway. The expression on her face was shy, almost reluctant. I had never seen her so unsure of herself. Betsy had that unmistakable deer-in-the-headlights look in her eyes. There was absolutely nothing shy or uncertain about her dress, however. A hush came over the crowd as she took her first steps onto the edge of the stage. The men I could see from my vantage point at the bar all had the ravenous, wolflike look in their eyes.
This scenario was unexpected. All week long Betsy had shamelessly taunted and teased me and now she appeared hesitant, even frightened by the prospect of dancing for horny men eager to see her dance out their raunchiest fantasies. She was wearing that same hot blue strapless dress she had shimmied her way out of in my office doorway, only this time she had on a bit more makeup, smoky thigh-high stockings that ended a full inch below her hemline and she was wearing a pair of matching blue platform high heels that screamed, "knock me down and fuck me!" even from my barstool across the room. I supposed this was her twisted idea of a prom dress.
Betsy was in grave danger of backing out. I could see it in her eyes. Something had to be done quickly to head off her urge to flee.
I did my best to think fast and head off disaster. "I'll bet she's not wearing any panties!"I screamed out like a madman.
Several men in the audience looked my way. Betsy shot a vengeful glance at me, squaring her jaw and drawing her lips taut as she glared at me. Before she could say anything, someone else along the stage yelled, "Show us your panties, honey! Prove him wrong!"
Thankfully, she chose to turn her attention to the heckler at the far side of the stage. She stared at him and for the first time since appearing onstage, an impish grin spread across her face, her hands clutched the snug material at her hips, and she gave her dress a naughty little tug. I knew then her bout of stage fright was ended. The room erupted in hoots and catcalls. I worried she might actuallynotbe wearing panties. Betsy's hips began to undulate and roll. Though she hadn't even fed the jukebox yet, she was dancing to some primal beat that only she needed to hear. She gave her dress another gentle tug, bringing the hem a precious inch higher up her legs. She began to make her way sensuously toward her heckler until she squatted in front of him. He turned out to be a middle-aged man in overalls with a shaggy beard. Betsy rested her hands on both knees and spoke something softly to him that I couldn't hear, not once taking her eyes off his.
Her heckler reached in his front pocket and extracted a dollar bill. As he clasped the bill between his index and middle fingers, Betsy spread her already open legs a bit wider for him, inching her little blue prom dress even higher. Her customer's eyes grew wide as the sweet chasm between her thighs spread wider. She slipped a finger into her stocking and motioned for him to deposit his dollar bill inside. Once he had deposited his tip beneath her stocking, Betsy grasped both his fingers, drew them up to her lips and slowly, tenderly sucked first his index finger into her mouth and then his middle finger. After suckling each of them for a long moment, she extended her tongue out between the two fingers and drew it slowly, coolly back and forth through the 'V' between them.
Without any music playing, the room fell almost religiously silent. I thought the poor fellow was going to cum in his pants on the spot. He and several other customers nearby let out one long, quite audible groan in unison as she withdrew her tongue, gently released his hand and made a show of slowly licking her lips. Betsy then smiled, rose slowly, quietly smoothing her dress as she did.
As Betsy casually made her way to the jukebox, I could already see several men reaching in their pockets for cash. From the number of sighs and the scuffling sounds as men around the bar tussled with their wallets, I was certain of two things: Betsy had most certainly overcome her case of nerves and she had aroused the interest of every single man in the room. I noticed that even Teddy, the bartender had stopped mixing the drink in his hand to stare as Betsy made slow, sweet love to the customer's two fingers. Betsy was going to have a very,verygood night. Hell, so were all these customers! I don't think a single soul in the bar even cared whether she was wearing panties or not.
Before her first song ended, Betsy had eased the top of her strapless dress down to expose her boobs. For a woman in her early forties, she had magnificent tits. I'm certain her breasts had rested higher and been slightly smaller some fifteen years ago, but those years had been good to her. In spite of her age, her boobs still rode high and proud on her chest, begging for attention. They were heavier now, but their added heft and their sleek curves simply made my mouth water. Apparently, the rest of the bar agreed with me. Her breasts bounced and swayed as she shimmied to the music, making me remember the hardness of her nipples between my lips as we did our best last weekend to please each other.
As her second song got underway, Betsy began to find it difficult to dance. It seems her naughty little act of sucking that first farm boy's fingers so slowly and sensually had instantly become a 'thing.' Now they all wanted to have her plunge their fingers into her mouth. Betsy quickly adjusted to their demands, seeming to be quite proud of having spurred their new interest in cleanliness. She quickly developed a new routine to replace her dancing. After inserting the tip from each customer in her stocking, she would slowly, sensually lave their middle and index fingers, then stand, smooth the hem of her dress and either sidle along the stage to her next customer or turn, gyrate her way across the stage and then repeat her performance for another happy customer. She allowed a few of the customers to cop a feel of her breasts during all of this as well. She performed in this way non-stop through her third song too, but when it ended, she stood, pulled the top of her dress up over her boobs, turned to face all in the room with a smile and then strode off the stage and into the dressing room. I noticed, as did everyone else, that she left the right nipple of her lovely breast peeking out of her dress through all of her farewell, just as she had done in my office doorway. She had made quite a spectacle of herself and there were dollar bills quaking from all around the tops of both her stockings, shimmying and rustling like the leaves on an aspen tree.
Betsy had hardly disappeared when Sydney appeared onstage carrying two simple items: a wooden folding chair and a fresh, rather green banana. The muscles in my belly tightened reflexively and the hair on the back of my neck stood on end. I knew precisely what she had planned, and I wasn't at all sure how this crowd might react. I wasn't even certain it was legal.
Sydney was clad in a long flowing, floor-length gown of pale blue satin. It might have appeared both sophisticated and possibly even reserved, if it hadn't been cut in a deep 'V' in both the front and back. Her navel was visible in front, and I thought I could spy a slight hint of the cleavage from her butt and thong in back. To make it even more daring, the skirt was slit squarely up the front from the floor to mere inches below her crotch. The front of this simple and flowing gown was held together by three large black buttons. The lowest of these buttons was placed slightly beneath her crotch. In fact, there were only a few inches of material separating her navel and her nether regions. She was still wearing her stockings. This apparently was her idea of a prom dress. Had she worn it tomyhigh school prom she would most certainly have found herself in the backseat of a car with her legs thrown high in the air and grunting like an animal for most of the night.
Sydney placed her chair near the center of the stage beneath a bright spotlight. She set the banana on it, fed money into the jukebox, selected the songs for her routine and then casually returned to her chair. She smiled to the entire room before plucking up the curved greenish yellow prop and then sitting primly upon the chair.
With the gown draped over her legs as demurely as possible for a dress slit that high, she began to peel the banana. Finished peeling it, she made a big show of dropping the peel beside her on the floor. There were a few catcalls at first, but when she formed a ring with her fingers and began to slide the fruit slowly, carefully into the tight circle formed by her fingers, the room fell silent. Only the strains of the music could be heard. She toyed with the fruit as if she was making friends with it throughout her first song.
As the first song ended and the second song began, she put the banana to her lips and slowly licked it from one end to the other, seeming to imply she had an all-consuming fascination with its entire length. Following this first swipe of her tongue, Sydney tipped her head back and daintily inserted just the tip of the long, slender fruit between her lips. To make this act more dramatic, she twisted it slowly, delicately from side to side casually with the beat of the music. She had deliberately chosen music with a slow, romantic air to it. Her cheeks swelled out with each twist.
"Swallow it whole, honey! I know you can! Do it!" shouted the fellow sitting next to me at the bar. The rest of the bar remained silent, but I supposed they all agreed with his words of encouragement.
I leaned over to him and told him, breathlessly, "Oh, she will! She will! Just you watch!"
The fellow, a slender man about my age and sporting a close-cropped beard with a lot of red in it, turned and looked at me in shock. "Really?" he asked in disbelief.
"Oh,lord, yes!" I moaned out.
He stared in astonishment at me, glanced to Sydney on the stage, and immediately pushed himself off his barstool and made his way to the corner of the stage where he simply stood, his jaw slack as he watched and waited, apparently praying Sydney might make his dream come true.
He didn't have long to wait. As the music continued, she gently began to feed more of the long, curving fruit into her mouth. Her head was tipped way back now as she seductively downed ever more of it. As it traveled ever deeper, her throat began to show just the slightest traces of swelling. She did not seem to be in any hurry to devour the whole of it. The song was coming to an end, and she had plunged little more than half of it into her mouth. I knew from experience that Sydney could have easily taken the whole of it by now. She was teasing her audience - and doing a damn good job of it.
When the song ended half a minute later, the sweet, glistening fruit was halfway down Sydney's throat. The bar had become deafeningly silent. It was as if every man in the place was holding his breath, begging to see her complete this magic trick and make the entire long shank of it vanish down her throat.
Suddenly Sydney appeared to realize the music had ended. She looked genuinely disappointed as she carefully eased it from her straining mouth, daintily letting it dangle between her thumb and index fingers. She rose to her feet gracefully, held the banana out before her for all to see, then gazed out across the audience and asked, "Would anyone care to buy a gently used banana?"
At first the silence was broken by a several men clearing their throats. Suddenly though, my friend with the red beard from the barstool next to me spoke up. "I'll buy it for ten dollars!" he said as he slammed a bill on the stage in front of him.
"I'll give fifteen dollars for it, doll!" challenged a fellow just a couple of elbows away from me down the bar.
"Twenty!" countered the man with the red beard, slapping another bill down on the stage.
Sydney stood for a long moment, smiling and, I suppose, waiting for a higher offer. When no one else spoke up, she made her way to this fellow with the red beard and a yen for used bananas, bent forward to gaze into eyes and said something to him in a soft voice only he could hear. He grinned and nodded like an idiot at whatever she had said. With his nod, she knelt before him, brought the spittle-drenched end of the banana up to his mouth and spoke something in a hushed tone to him. He opened his mouth instantly and Sydney slipped the glistening tip into his open mouth.
What happened next flabbergasted me - and I already knew what this young minx was capable of. Without missing a beat, she tipped her head upward toward the banana as he held it in in his teeth, said something to him and waited with open mouth. Mr. Red Beard lowered his head, slowly plunging the other end into Sydney's waiting mouth. She rose slightly, leaning forward until roughly one third of it filled her mouth. Slowly, tenderly, she suckled at her end of the banana. She took her time, making quite a show of working the fruit slowly back and forth in her hungry mouth. Several moments later she quietly began to nibble off and swallow small silvers of it, inching her way ever nearer to Mr. Red Beard's lips. The room fell silent as she swallowed a last bit, then forced the last remaining inch of banana into Mr. Red Beard's mouth with her tongue and proceeded to chase the last bit of it around in his mouth.
"Thank you for sharing," she told the new owner of her banana in a voice clear enough for most of us to hear. She picked up the two bills laying at the edge of the stage and added, "I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did."
Sydney rose then, folded up her chair and plucked the banana peel up before marching off to the dressing room and disappearing. I stared at the plywood door and marveled that she had accomplished so much in the past twenty minutes without removing a single stitch of her clothing. Tonight was no accident, I decided. I suspected Betsy and Sydney had been plotting and planning all week for their 'prom night.'
There was a longer than expected lull before Betsy came onstage to replace her daughter. I don't like to say disparaging things as a rule, but the patrons in the bar were being rather naïve. While Betsy and Sydney were pushing what I considered the legal boundaries for even the most daring of dancers, almost to a man, these fellows had been entirely swept away by their lewd shenanigans. Beer orders picked up as they awaited Betsy's return and a line formed at the men's room. Apparently, all these randy men would rather gawk at two beautiful, scantily clad women as they made a glorious show of sucking fingers and gobbling bananas than they would piss or drink beer. Hell, I fell into that category too!
While I waited to see what devious scheme Betsy was holding tucked away in her panties, I ordered another beer and promised myself I'd hit the head just as soon as the line got shorter. I began to think this pause in the dancing was a part of the plan too. Vera was selling alotof beer at the moment and the spirits of this entire crowd was definitely on the rise.
Betsy appeared from the dressing room suddenly, marched straight to the jukebox, her high heels clicking all the way, and selected the songs she would dance to. She waited for the first song to begin with her lovely backside thrust out for all to see as she leaned over the jukebox. She was presenting a breathtaking sight for us all. She was wearing the same miniskirt she had worn to torment me earlier in the week. I prayed she was wearing panties - and panties thatdidn'thave an open crotch. She was still wearing stockings, though she had removed all those rustling, flapping dollar bills she'd accumulated during her first dance. Betsy was also wearing a snug, sheer white blouse and a skimpy little bra that had her breasts pushed up high on her chest. The result was an enormous amount of cleavage leaping out of the deep 'V' in her blouse.
The music began to boom and throb, and Betsy's dainty feet and round hips jumped into action. She was a surprisingly agile. Gone was all that hesitation she'd shown in her first appearance. She swayed, she strutted, she pranced - and before the first song had ended, her flimsy blouse lay in a heap in one of the dark recesses at the rear of the stage. In the lacy cups of her saucy pushup bra, her tits each took on a wild life of their own. They jumped, they shuddered, they threatened to liberate themselves completely from the delicate bits of lace and spandex holding them back. Nipples alternately appeared, then disappeared once more, only to jostle into view again when she bent forward or twisted gracefully to entice a new bar patron.
Several men in the audience were already holding dollar bills pinched between index and middle fingers, waiting eagerly for Betsy to French kiss their fingers to orgasm. Betsy ignored them and continued with her erotic dance. Her skimpy bra went flying before the next song ended and there she stood, topless in a miniskirt, heels, stockings and garter belt awaiting the start of more music.
During this lull, she approached Mr. Red Beard, the fellow Sydney had tantalized so with her banana gobbling exercise. I suppose she chose him because he was standing so close to the stage and he still had the wild-eyed, starstruck look in his eyes of a fourteen-year-old teenage virgin who was seeing a real, live nude woman for the first time. Instead of squatting with her legs partially open, she bent at the waist before him, dangling her gorgeous MILF tits in his face. I couldn't see his facial expression from the bar, but I knew he was staring in dumbstruck wonder at those two sweet, round orbs and their spunky, hard nipples. She let him stare for a moment until the jukebox began its next tune.
Betsy's hips began to sway in time to the music as it started up. She said something to him quietly, there was a pause, she spoke again and he began to nod. Mr. Red Beard continued nodding and gazing in wonder at her swaying breasts long after he should have stopped. Betsy smiled, placed both her hands on his shoulders and spoke a few more words softly to him. I noticed his head also began to pivot back and forth as he followed the inviting motion of her tits.
The next thing I knew, Mr. Red Beard was reaching for his wallet and Betsy, hands still braced upon his shoulders, had squatted immediately in front of him. Her knees were parted a bit but only Mr. Red Beard was being given an open view of the heavenly scenery that lay tucked beneath her tiny skirt. He held his money up for her to see and I noticed it appeared to be a larger bill. Betsy smiled, spoke in a hushed voice to him again and he instantly folded the bill into a small square.
They kissed. Betsy wasn't giving him some offhand 'hello grandpa' kiss either. Her kiss caught Mr. Red Beard off-guard. He staggered a bit as her tongue pushed its way into his mouth. He recovered quickly enough, even grasping her shoulder with his free hand and reciprocating with a matching passion. They kissed in this way for a long time until Betsy broke away, whispered something to him, then resumed their kiss. It was as if she had reminded him of something. Mr. Red Beard seemed to snap out of his reverie and the hand containing her tip slipped quietly, cautiously deep into the shadows between her legs. His hand traveled much deeper than the top of her stocking.
The audience began to hoot and howl as his hand traveled deeper and deeper. Suddenly Mr. Red Beard's eyes flew open, he pulled back from their kiss and a shocked smile swept over his face. Betsy smiled faintly, spoke a word or two of encouragement, and then, a distracted, heaven-sent expression washed over her face. The hand between her thighs lingered, making obvious small teasing and poking gestures there in the deep, sweet recesses beneath her skirt. It was obvious to the whole crowd that Mr. Red Beard and Betsy were having a tender moment and some were howling out with approval.
Betsy clearly appreciated his attention. Her hips rolled gently against his hand, and for several seconds, she seemed completely lost in her own pleasure. The music came to an end much too soon for both of them. When they both came to their senses once more, Betsy grasped the wrist between her legs and gently withdrew it, gazed at his fingers and gave them a light peck with her lips. This launched the crowd into more loud hysterics.
Betsy rose, smiled a distant, slightly distracted smile, smoothed the hem of her skirt, gathered her bra and blouse up and strode slowly, gracefully to the dressing room. I still wasn't sure if she had worn panties. For all I knew she might be wearing the naughty black lace open-crotched pair she had teased me with. Two things were certain however, Mr. Red Beard's fingers were coated with Betsy's sweet honey, and the pair had parted company onveryfriendly terms. I was also positive there was no danger she might lose the tip he had given her.
Sydney emerged three minutes later dressed as my favorite little schoolgirl. Damn, but the upgrades she'd made to this one simple outfit were mind-boggling! A finer, sheerer grade of stockings with lacy tops, an even shorter skirt with sharper pleats, a sheer white blouse over an equally sheer and lacy bra made her look like, well... a dirty old man's wet-dream! Even the high-heeled Mary Jane shoes she'd upgraded to made her look both childlike and steaming-hot sexy! The awed silence interspersed with a few catcalls from the crowd was evidence that the growing crowd in the room approved of her appearance wholeheartedly.
The prime hours for Saturday night strip club traffic were upon us and word of the dePoet mother-daughter strip team had spread. There was almost no elbow room in the place now, the noise level was rising, and Vera was now behind the bar helping Teddy with the increased demand for alcohol. She was smiling and happy as a duck in a puddle.
The music boomed to life and all eyes were suddenly trained on sweet, almost innocent little Sydney. Her dancing was even more sensual, more seductive and carried out with more confidence and fearlessness than it had been last weekend.
Men were already lining up with dollar bills in hand. Unbelievably, she was able to beguile patrons into unbuttoning her blouse for a dollar a button. Her stocking tops were already aflutter with bills before she ever reached for the bra clasp between her pert little breasts. Her nipples were hard, plug-like little things jutting out from her chest even before she shrugged the bra from her shoulders.
Sydney was truly and thoroughly enjoying herself tonight. There wasn't a single bit of doubt or hesitation in all that she did. She had made peace with her own slutty desires. For this one night she happily, completely tapped into the carnal beast within. Shewantedmen to desire her. She was gleefully taunting every man in this bar tonight, daring them to crave her, lust after her. Unlike her first night in this out-of-the-way little titty bar, I was certain she would have no regrets, only a deep and aching void afterward that could only be filled with a man's cock.
Sydney made an erratic path around and across the stage, dancing for only a few seconds before crouching in front of yet another patron, accepting his gratuity and rewarding him with a deep, heartfelt and lingering kiss to warm the cockles of his heart. When her final song ended, she was still working to receive all the appreciative tips from customers. The tops of her stockings were already filled to overflowing. She did the only thing she could do under the circumstances. She stood, strode quickly to the jukebox, plugged it with money for more music and, while she waited for it to begin, she plucked the bills from her stockings and heaped them up in a pile on the jukebox. As the music started up, she carefully unfastened the top clasp of her little schoolgirl skirt, grinned to us all like an imp and shimmied her way out of this brief bit of pleated material at her hips.
The music began to boom and throb out through the bar, but a sudden but fleeting hush came over the entire crowd. Sydney had indeed chosen to wear underpants, thank God. However, they were completely inadequate for the task of concealing all of that untrimmed and magnificent cotton candy blue bush of hers. Sydney's sweet loins were adorned in a tiny, crisp white satin thong. At first glimpse, the flimsy bit of satin resembled the ribbon used on some exquisite gift box for fine jewelry. There was even a tiny white satin bow affixed along the crest of the waistband at precisely the point where the peak of her delicate pink slit lay concealed.
There were more than a few whimpers and gasps from the audience. Pale blue curls peeked out on every side of her thong. Sydney knew exactly what she was doing and what effect she would have on a room full of horny beer-guzzling men on a Saturday night. She had carefully trimmed her blue shrubbery so that its fringes were smooth, even, and extend in precise, even distances on all three sides of her thong.
Her hips began to roll seductively in time with the music. Men waved money, begging for her attention. She continued her sensual writhing, ignoring all these inducements until a youngish-looking fellow with a bit of a pot-belly stepped forward and began waving a five-dollar bill. Sydney grinned with delight, as if she'd discovered just what she'd been searching for, squatted with legs thrown out wide before him and carefully plucked at the tiny bow on her thong to indicate where she would like his tip.
The young man's eyes followed Sydney's fingers down into the shadowy chasm between her legs. He blushed a vivid crimson like a virgin - but managed to half fumble, half grope his five dollars into her thong. He was so flustered by the sight of her sweet blue bush - and I'm sure the dampness of it, that by the time he extracted his fingers, Sydney was forced to wrestle with him in order to show her gratitude with a heartfelt kiss. In the end, the young man stumbled his way toward the bar grinning from ear to ear and drawing cheers from the crowd.
There was a sudden mad rush as men tugged at their wallets or extracted folded and crumpled wads of bills from pockets in a mad search for the five-dollar price of admission to Sydney's beguiling little garden show. In no time at all her dancing came to an end as a stream of men of all sizes, shapes and ages slipped into position between her stocking-clad knees. Each would wait for Sydney to lift the waistband of her thong before planting their cash in her dewy little flower bed, receiving a heartfelt kiss in gratitude and then yielding their position to the man behind them. Following their kiss, Sydney would hastily extract each new bill, straighten it and fold it over the thong's string waistband along her hips. I imagined each and every one of those bills was a damp little mess after a dip in her sweet blue lagoon.
Both mother and daughter continued in this way, taking turns tantalizing their audience with their dancing and their lurid antics for more than an hour. Much of their behavior went well beyond the normally accepted behavior for strippers. Some of it - like making a mildly orgasmic show of it each time a customer took their time to slip a bill deep beneath their skirt or down inside their panties - was downright obscene and probably illegal in a small-town jurisdiction like this. Their shenanigans were raking in an amazing amount in tips. The only limit seemed to be the capacity of their underpants (at least, Ihopedtheir tips were being deposited in their panties!) to hold it all. As the night wore on and the crowd grew rowdier, Betsy and Sydney took to ducking into the dressing room for a few seconds between songs. I assumed they were busy extracting all the money they were accumulating.
It was already growing later in the evening than I had expected Betsy and Sydney to stay. I supposed they were both enjoying themselves too much to stop yet. All the same, I continued to be on the alert for the prearranged signal that their performances were coming to an end. We had agreed they would each make a particular pair of subtle but suggestive movements with their hips and then their lips as they turned away from the jukebox so that I would know when to join them outside.
Betsy emerged from the dressing room clad in a new outfit I hadn't seen before. Sheer was the only word I could use to describe it. The dress was form-hugging and made of a smoky-black material only slightly less sheer than the nylon material of her stockings. It was slung with a strap over one shoulder. The hem ended where her stockings began. I wasn't sure if it was a dress or a negligee. Dress or negligee, she was clearlynotwearing a bra and we could all see her panties. She fed the jukebox and stepped into the spotlight.
It was instantly obvious that her panties were also sheer. I had stewed and fretted all week long over how far Betsy might take her wanton behavior and disregard for the law. Now as I gazed at the front of her dress, I realized my worst fears were coming true. There, peeking through her dress and her panties was the clear, lovely and unmistakable cleft of her womanhood staring back at us all. At some time since she had last exposed herself to me, Betsy had shaved even her landing strip away. I couldn't hear sirens yet, but I knew they would be coming. She couldn't put her smooth-shaven pussy on display like this in a strip bar and get away with it, could she?
Betsy began her dancing and wasted very little time in her dress or negligee or whatever it was. She wriggled seductively as she eased it up over her hips, then made a show of playfully tugging at it when her pert, luscious boobs caught and resisted her upward tugs. Her tits jiggled and bounced excitedly, as if relieved to be set free at last.
What followed during the next three songs could not be called dancing. There is no polite way to describe the madness which followed. Betsy deliberately and repeatedly got herself kissed, fondled and finger-fucked. The first fellow to catch her eye was waving a higher denomination bill. I could only tell from this distance that it was not a single. She squatted before him, smiled seductively, and carefully guided his hand, not to her stocking, but directly to her smooth belly and the top of her panties.
He quickly folded up his tip and then, for all to see, the customer's stubby fingers slipped into her panties, snaking their way ever deeper until his fingertips disappeared entirely from sight. His wrist wrangled from one side to the other and Betsy's eyes suddenly drifted skyward with a dreamy, far-off gaze. When the customer's fingers could go no deeper, Betsy clutched at his wrist and gently, lovingly twisted it slightly between her legs before gently, teasingly withdrawing his glistening fingers from her panties. She held his hand up for all to see and smiled faintly as several men in the crowd let out low, animal-like groans.
She repeated this same lewd scene with several more men over the next few minutes. Each time, she would hold the man's moist fingers up for all to see, smile a faintly aroused smile, rise slowly and move on to the next customer who was eager to give her his large tip. I never saw a single trace of the bills these randy men offered her once Betsy extracted their hands. The whole scene took on a rather surreal air. Though I was too far away to identify the denominations of the bills customers were depositing in her little cavern, she was certainly giving new meaning to the term 'money-maker.' I was so mesmerized by her lewd performance that I lost count of the number of men who had stuffed bills in her cozy little safe deposit box. When the jukebox stopped playing her music, Betsy paused her performance only long enough to put two more songs on. She repeated this lewd scene several times over the next few minutes. Each time a hand would slip down inside her sheer panties, a faraway, enthralled expression swept over her sweet face and her legs would willingly, voluntarily spread just a bit wider to receive the generous tip being tucked away deep in the cozy recesses of her moist safe deposit box.
Betsy had quickly deepened my admiration for her and her brazen skills as a MILF. I guessed that by now at least a dozen men had offered their appreciation to Betsy for her skills as a dancer. I was positive herhot pockethad to be full to the point of overflowing by now. Still, the music continued and she strode proudly, boldly to crouch before yet another inebriated customer waving what I took to be a ten- or twenty-dollar bill, place a hand upon his shoulder, pluck at the front of her sheer panties and wait for him to show his appreciation.
The only noticeable changes in this ritual seemed to be the amount of effort and time needed for the customer to deposit her tip. Betsy was clearly enjoying all the extra effort this required. That faraway look in her eyes as this customer's fingers fidgeted inside her panties lasted longer and the dreamy distance she seemed to envision as her head rolled back absentmindedly told everyone in the room that sweet Betsy would probably have done every bit of her dancing free of charge now. Her hips even began to roll against his fingers.
Only the conclusion of the song saved her. Even after the song came to an end, Betsy continued to behave like a wanton slut impaled on his fingers, completely lost in her own selfish pleasure. Suddenly though, she seemed to tense slightly and then to draw herself away from the all-encompassing pleasure of his dallying hand. She drew his hand up in the air for all to see, then grudgingly gave his fingers a gentle kiss before rising, stooping to retrieve her filmy dress and finally, flouncing her way slowly to the dressing room door. I suspected her slow walk was partly due to the cache of bills she had tucked away between her legs.
There were screeches and boos and calls for Betsy to stay, but a minute passed, and still, she did not return. It became sadly clear that she and her amply stuffed safe deposit box would not be returning. That also meant Sydney would be making her next appearance any time now. I reminded myself to watch for the agreed-upon signal from her as she commenced her routine. The evening was progressing just as this mother-daughter team had planned - for the moment.
Beer orders picked up during the lull, a new line formed at the men's room and Vera appeared to be even more elated now than she had been the last time I managed to tear my eyes off the on-stage antics. She didn't seem at all concerned that her dancers were violating several laws and she might risk being shut down by the local authorities. I reminded myself she and I had reached a devious little arrangement concerning the dePoet ladies' treatment following this evening's performance and wondered briefly just what sort of trials Vera had arranged for this hot mother-daughter team. After all, they were responsible for what I was sure had been one of Vera's best Saturday nights ever.
Betsy and Sydney had spent all week teasing and taunting me until I was at my wit's end. You have no idea how frustrating this past week had been for me. I had been treated to the sight of two exotic and gorgeous women in various states of dress all week now. Their pussies had been so close to me I could almost smell them - and yet I hadn't been treated to anything better than one pussy-smeared assignment paper. I hadn't been permitted to jack-off and hadn't even been promised any sort of reward for all of my self-restraint and help in making their fantasy prom night come true. Out of my own frustration and spitefulness I had requested that Vera devise some form of punishment for them and then, after she had gotten excited over the idea, I had simply turned the entire matter over to her. Now, I was having second thoughts about it all. These two hot females could go to jail for carrying on like this. I worried for just a fleeting second that Vera might be plunging Sydney and Betsy into some serious trouble. All I think they had really hoped to receive from tonight were a lot of thrills and the satisfaction of knowing that they could entice and distract men with a suggestive dance, a sidelong glance and the removal of their clothing. At the end of the night, I'm sure they expected to slip quietly out of the bar, thoroughly satisfied with themselves for having pulled off such a daring feat and leaving themselves quite completely aroused.
Sydney interrupted these thoughts with her appearance onstage a moment later. She was clad once more in white stockings and her nearly wide-open floor-length blue satin dress. She carried with her the same wooden folding chair and yet another greenish banana. I supposed she was using a rather unripe fruit because it was more solid and would withstand the abuse she intended to put it to. I instantly began to hope she would repeat her earlier tease with the banana. This time I hoped she would satisfy us all by plunging the whole of it down her slender throat just as she had with me on the bus. I suspected her earlier round with the banana had only been a tease. This time, she might just satisfy us all.
Sydney surprised me, though. She placed the chair at center stage, laid the banana upon it and commenced to dance. Before her first song had come to an end, she had undone two of the three buttons low on her belly holding her dress together. Whether it was three buttons or one holding her dress together in front, the deep 'V' at both back and front, coupled with the split in her skirt ending just below her crotch, when Sydney moved as she was moving now, almost none of her taut, lithe body could be concealed. A strap slipped from her shoulder and a bullet-hard nipple popped free. She struck a dramatic pose and the blue-fringed pubic hair peeking out of her silky white thong boldly appeared at the slit in her dress. Her constant, provocative movements exposed first one breast, then the other and thrust bare shoulders out invitingly for customers to see with every beat of the driving rhythm.
Her seductive dancing did not last long. Dollar bills began waving in the air to attract her attention. Almost immediately she was kissing men while they tucked their tips into her stockings. It took only a few minutes for her to kiss customer after customer and completely ring both stockings with all their bills.
Sydney did not stop there, however. I had been so engrossed in watching her try to swallow each and every one of their tongues while their greedy fingers explored her thighs and hips or cupped a pert tit with their eager hands that I forgot all about the chair and that fresh yellow banana waiting for her at center-stage.
Sydney stepped to center stage in front of the chair and faced her audience. She calmly undid the single remaining button of her gown, opened it wide, then carefully let it glide gracefully from her shoulders. The little minx was now standing before these aroused and drunken men in nothing more than her silk thong, stockings and shoes. The bills tucked in her stockings fluttered softly with each slight movement she made.
She turned, plucked up the banana, carefully draped her flowing dress over the chair and sat primly (well, as primly as an almost nude young lady with tufts of cotton candy blue pubic hair seeping out of her thong could), before crossing her legs. She began to peel the fruit. The room fell silent, except for the occasional tinkling of bottles and a drunken hoot or two. She finished peeling it and dropped its yellow skin on the floor as before.
Sydney paused for a moment, took a deep breath and visibly grew more serious. I think every male in the place was waiting to see if all of that slender curving piece of fresh fruit would fit down her slender throat. I even noticed two fellows at a table on the far side quietly laying money down on their table with a nod to one another as a bet on her success this time.
As before, she did not hurry the process. She drew her tongue over its length slowly several times, seemingly preparing it for its journey down her throat and savoring the hint of flavor upon her tongue.
The tip of the fruit danced in and out of her lips several times as she toyed with it. Finally, she grew more serious. Her position on the small chair changed. She turned to face the left side of the stage and spread her legs wide. I was suddenly faced with the choice of staring at the delicious sea of candy-blue curls covered only by the merest strip of glistening white satin between her open thighs or following the bawdy struggle she was making of fitting that banana deep into her throat. To make the choice even more difficult, Sydney placed her remaining free hand upon one of her small budding breasts and began to squeeze it and torment the nipple with a painfully slow twisting motion. I believe Sydney may have succeeded in making a few men in the audience cream their pants in that moment. There were several audible moans from the audience as she set to work in earnest with the long, curving fruit between her lips.
A reverent silence came over the room and Sydney never allowed the banana to lose contact with her sweet, pouting lips from this moment onward. She was clearly and completely in control now. With almost half the fruit in her mouth, she carefully pivoted in her seat to face the other side of the bar and then tipped her chin skyward. The entire press of horny men was now being treated to a spotlighted and unobstructed view of Sydney's slowly widening lips, spreading jaws and the outline of her slender throat. Even from my vantage point on this barstool I could instantly tell that this scene beat the hell out of watching up close in the patchy lighting of the bus. Both her nipples were standing at full attention now and, as she began to ease the third quarter of the fruit down her esophagus, we could all see her throat beginning to swell and contract to accommodate her new best friend.
Sydney appeared to slowly be giving herself over to her own performance. The hand pulling at her stiff and hardened nipple drifted absentmindedly southward until it came to rest squarely upon that sweet mound of white satin and blue curls between her legs. I suddenly wondered how much of this was performance and how much was pure, self-indulgent pleasure.
She was easing three quarters of the fruit down into her throat by now, letting it bob and dance there for a leisurely moment before carefully withdrawing it and taking a long, deep breath. I could tell from the ease with which she drew the banana in and out of her mouth that Sydney could happily go on and on like this until the banana had been reduced to little more than a saliva-drenched, pulpy mess. I was also certain every man in this bar was imagining their own cock gliding down this minx's throat, being reduced to a quivering, spent piece of manflesh as she drew every last pulsing ounce of life from it - and then calmly swallowed it all.
Sydney was lost to her own pleasure by now. She shifted in her seat, treating the other side of the stage to a better view of the action. Two of the fingers resting between her legs absentmindedly slipped beneath her thong and gently set to work satisfying her needs. The white satin of her thong was saturated and darkened with her lust. The music had come to an end moments before, and I was sure the lucky few sitting closest to her could hear the lewd squishing sounds of her fingers sloshing back and forth through her slippery trench.
Just when I thought she was about to cum, Sydney straightened slightly in her seat, as if suddenly remembering where she was and what she was doing. She threw her head back sharply and withdrew the diddling fingers from between her legs. This action brought all eyes to bear on the banana. The banana suddenly plunged deeper. Her fingers struck at her front teeth, and she let out a garbled half-moan, half-squeal that was trapped somewhere deep in her throat. Sydney had now taken every last bit of her new best friend down her throat.
There was a moment of silent, stunned awe broken finally by a scattered bit of clapping and a few cheers. Sydney was not finished with the banana, however. She carefully, daintily extracted just enough of it to draw a sharp, quick breath, moaned loud enough for the whole room to hear and then eased it entire length back down her throat. She removed it slowly once more, took another deep breath, moaned, and repeated this sharp plunge with the glistening fruit back. By the time she had repeated this lewd spectacle for a third time there were several men in the audience moaning out in harmony with her.
The little blonde minx repeated all of this a number of times. Each time, as she began to ease it back into her throat, there came a growing, rising wail from the room, urging her on, as if she needed any more encouragement at this point. Saliva began to spill from her mouth and run down her chin. I could tell Sydney was savoring the power she held over this crowd. I suspected she might also be reluctant to surrender it. Her new best friend was beginning to show signs of wear as well. The fruit had become rounder at the tip and all those deliciously slow excursions down Sydney's esophagus had begun to erode its distinctive shape. It positively glistened and dripped with her spittle.
Suddenly, Sydney froze, drew the banana from her mouth and for the first time in minutes, looked about at her audience. A naughty smile played across her lips. She rose from her chair and, though she was diminutive, stood proudly erect and tall. While still gazing out at the audience, she licked her lips and seemed to discover for the first time how messy her face had become. She decided to solve the problem by using her free hand - the same hand that had most recently been at play between her legs and was itself still glistening with all that sticky sweetness from her oozing little honeypot - to wipe her face and chin clean. It took her several slow swipes with those same two fingers to mop up the mess. After each swipe she would carefully insert those two dripping fingers into her mouth, drawing them out slowly, then proudly admiring her success.
When she was satisfied, Sydney focused her attention on her audience once more, held the sodden, well-worn banana out in front of her with the tips of her fingers and asked, "Would anyone like to buy my banana? I'm afraid it's been used...a lot! But I would be happy to share a bite or two with one of yougenerousgentlemen out there."
A moment of hushed silence came over the bar until a voice near the stage and just in front of me shouted, "I've got fifty bucks! "
"I'll buy it for sixty dollars!" called a voice from the shadows on the far side of the stage.
"Eighty!" countered the first fellow.
For moment there was silence in the room, as if this was to be the agreed upon price until a new and very deep, raspy voice on the far side of the bar shakily bellowed out, "One hundred and twenty dollars!"
That seemed to settle matters. Sydney smiled, stepped toward the front of the stage nearest the winning bidder's voice and waited. A tall, portly man wearing bib overalls and sporting long hair tied in a ponytail and an even longer, feathery beard approached carrying a fold of bills in one hand.
"Why did it have it have to be old Zeke?" groused Teddy, the bartender from behind me on the other side of the bar.
Apparently, Zeke was well-known in these parts. At the moment he only had eyes for Sydney and her saliva-drenched banana. He rumbled to the edge of the stage the way a bulldozer approaches an obstacle in its path. Men were bumped aside, and tables screeched as they were pushed out of the way.
I could tell from the look on Sydney's face that Zeke frightened her. After a moment of hesitation, her gaze fell upon the folded bills in his hand, and she allowed herself a timid smile. She had come this far and there was no turning back now. Even with the height advantage the stage gave her, Sydney still had to crane her neck to look at this shaggy stand-in for Bigfoot.
"Why don't you give me the payment for my banana one bill at a time," the entire crowd heard her say in the silence, "Let me show you," she offered, then plucked a twenty out of his slab-like mitt, folded it adroitly between two fingers into a small square before pressing it into his other hand.
"You can put it right down...there," she told him in a slightly more confidential voice. She opened the front of her panties to make her meaning crystal clear.
"Um-hum," he grunted and then thrust his meaty hand down into all that delicious candy blue fur.
"Gently," she cautioned.
"Um-hum," he grunted once more and slowed his hand.
I could see Zeke's paw fumbling but then, suddenly, he seemed to find Sydney's sweet spot. She moaned out as his hand twisted and slithered and most certainly began to bring her immense comfort.
"Wet!" the mountain of a man observed.
Through the haze of her pleasure Sydney managed to nod and reply, "I'm having awonderfultime!"
The winner of Sydney's sweet fruit grinned at her comment and continued working the twenty dollars into the depths between her legs.
"Another twenty dollars,please!" Sydney managed to squeak out a few seconds later.
Zeke immediately extracted a second bill, hastily folded it as best he could in one hand and proceeded to deposit it in her panties with great delight.
The pair managed to pick up a rhythm in all this. After an interval of pleasure, Sydney would huff out, "More!" and Zeke would scramble to fold another bill, then slip it inside her panties, making certain each time that it was safely and deeply secured. This entire scene became surreal. I couldn't believe Sydney was capable of such a public and shameless display of her lust before a crowd of horny, drunken farm boys and factory workers, but here she was, on stage, a giant's paw buried in her underpants, hips rolling softly in time against his every twist and turn, and most definitely on the verge of cumming.
Through all this, Sydney managed to cling to her prized banana. She had clutched at it with her fingernails by now, but it was still intact and still glistening with her saliva. When the last twenty-dollar bill had been safely and thoroughly deposited, Sydney struggled to shake off the clouds of her pleasure, stretched up and whispered something into Zeke's ear. She gently extracted Zeke's hand from between her legs and began to ease the banana he had purchased up between them. She muttered a few more words I could not make out from this distance and Zeke began to reluctantly lean down, bringing his bearded face nearer to Sydney's delicate, childlike face.
Zeke looked uncomfortable stooped forward in this position. Apparently, he felt uncomfortable too. He suddenly took matters into his own hands. With both hands now free, he simply slipped both of his big mitts around her hips and hoisted her up to his eye level.
"Ooh!" Sydney shrieked out. Her shriek came more out of surprise than any manner of mistreatment from the giant holding her up. In fact, she finally flashed him a smile, threw her legs as far as she could around his barrel of a torso and leaned in close to whisper instructions into his ear.
Sydney immediately placed one end of the banana between Zeke's lips, whispered a word or two and slipped the other end into her own mouth. She clearly intended for this little show to take some time. Zeke took a small nibble from his end, did his best to chew it slowly and then swallow. Sydney waited for Zeke to finish, but instead of taking a nibble from her end, she eased her talented mouth forward to engulf more than half of it, twisting and squirming it deeply into her mouth before slowly extracting all of it save the tip once more.
Zeke responded to this hot, up-close and personal display of her prowess by almost fainting. He wobbled slightly at the knees, grew red in the face and tried without success to speak. The banana in his mouth made that impossible, of course. He recovered from Sydney's bold act slowly, and when he was able, Sydney nodded to him, urging him to take another nibble.
Zeke surprised me - and perhaps everyone else in the bar, because he had apparently decided he too wanted their meal together to last too. He took another small bite from his end, chewed slowly, swallowed, and waited for Sydney to repeat her part. At this point in their cozy little dance, I have to say the sight of such a huge, unkempt man holding such a tiny, delicate young lady in his arms made me think of scenes from the old movie, King Kong. Zeke certainly wasn't clinging to the Empire State Building, but Sydney looked so fragile, so delicate pressed tightly against his big chest, the banana connecting their open mouths and his scruffy beard flowing down across those pert, bare tits of hers. There was a fascination, a measure of concern and care in Zeke's face that told me no matter what happened, he was concerned for Sydney's welfare and would not harm her. The huge tent his erection was making in those faded overalls indicated he was definitely equipped to inflict great harm on any woman, though.
Sydney's move to deepthroat the banana this time brought their mouths closer. She spent a long moment rolling her lips and mouth over the curving fruit before withdrawing slowly and waiting for the giant holding her to nibble a bit more.
They repeated this torrid little act for all to see one more time. By the climax of their performance, the poor banana was little more than a pulpy nub. Zeke had eaten half of it before their lips finally met - and when they did finally connect, a great struggle began. I couldn't see well enough to know for sure, but they both seemed to be battling to push that last bit of banana into one another's mouths. They were either doing that or they were French kissing in an almost violent manner. Their mouths would swell, their cheeks would draw in tightly and throughout all of this torrid struggle, Zeke cradled Sydney close and secure in one arm, all the while caressing those pert little tits of hers as if they were a genie's magic lantern with his free hand. I was pretty certain I knew what all three of Zeke's wishes were.
All good and intriguing things must eventually come to an end. I could sense that Sydney and Zeke had reached a critical point in this little tango of theirs. Sydney had already given me her signal that this was to be her last dance. I would need to meet them both outside the backdoor very shortly after she left the stage. But would Zeke release Sydney from his arms? I may have been little more than an elf in comparison to someone of Zeke's stature, but I was responsible for Sydney, and I was conscience-bound to protect her. I prayed it would not come to that.
Fortunately for me and for Sydney, it did not come to that. Sydney whispered several words into his ear and gave him a peck on the cheek. He grunted once softly like some big reluctant bear and then gently set her back down on the stage. Sydney took up one of his big hands in both of hers, lifted it up and kissed it as well before looking out over the awestruck audience to offer a sheepish smile and a wave. There was a smattering of applause as she turned to gather up dress, chair and the remains of the snack she had shared with Zeke. The many dollar bills tucked in the tops of her stockings fluttered and rustled as she made her way to the dressing room.
This was my cue to skedaddle. I nodded to the bartender, slipped off my stool and quietly made my way toward the front door. Before leaving I took one last look at the bar. I have never been a big bar-goer and I don't know much about the vibe in strip bars, but there was a hushed silence in this place right now. I couldn't quite put my finger on the reason, but I had the sense that all these men had been overcome by these two women's performances. I'm not sure they were all completely satisfied by what they had seen and heard. I was certain however, that, almost to a man, they were aroused and contemplating all things erotic for the moment. I don't think any of them had any complaints.
I slipped out the door, excited by the prospect of joining two beautiful and, I was certain, thoroughly aroused women for the rest of the night. I just knew I was about to get my brains fucked out. The hardon in my pants was already leading the way to the corner of the building.
Call it wishful thinking or just plain foolish of me, but I had forgotten all about Vera's almost spiteful assurance to me earlier in the week that she would arrange some form of retribution for Betsy and Sydney and all the teasing they had put me through. That was all before I had been treated to the pair's accomplishments for the evening. I was sure there were dozens of men who were the happiest and most aroused they had been ages. Vera had sold more beer on this one night than she had for the past week and - it may have been that going a week without sex and having the two of them teasing and tormenting me day in and day out for the past week - but I was hard as forged steel and had been for more than three hours. I longed to use my 'hardware' and tongue on both Betsy and Sydney soon, for the rest of the night, and well into the coming day. We had a motel room waiting for us.
My desire for payback was about to slam me full-on in the face. I rounded the corner to discover two men in brown uniforms with badges. It was difficult to make out some of the details under the parking lot lighting, but their badges and guns looked very real. They immediately turned away from the bar's side door to face me.
"Are you the person they call Torby?" the taller and slightly older of the two asked. He was distinguished looking, with a thin mustache peppered with gray.
I nodded, shocked that he knew my name.
"You are under arrest. Please hold your hands out, sir," he told me.
Too stunned to object, I lifted my hands. Only then did I recognize the younger and shorter of the two men. It was Mr. Red Beard from the bar, and he was smiling a devilish smile as he placed the handcuffs on my wrists.
I was too shocked to object, even though my mouth was opening and closing like a freshly caught fish. As luck would have it, as the handcuffs were locked on my wrists, the door opened behind the two officers. They turned immediately to face the door. Sydney and Betsy were giggling and chattering to one another completely unaware that they were not alone. Their voices had that confidential and excited tone that could only come from years of close interactions and shared history. Just before they turned and realized they were not alone I heard Betsy giggle and say, "Well, his hand was already up my skirt when-!"
"Evening ladies," the older of the two men said flatly.
For a moment, Betsy and Sydney were startled by the presence of these two men who had interrupted their moment of celebration. They continued to stare at the men a moment longer and, as I peered over the officers' shoulders, I saw them both realize at the very same instant that they might be in trouble. Both women's expressions grew tense and they blinked, glancing from officer to officer anxiously.
"You are both under arrest," the taller officer who appeared to be in charge told them, then added, "Along with your accomplice here. Now do we need to restrain you - or will you come along peaceably?"
"Um...," Sydney began in a whimper.
"But, officers, what is wrong?" Betsy interrupted, trying to sound as innocent and pure as a ten-year-old in Sunday School.
"Miss, you are both being charged with lewd and immoral conduct. We have laws regarding intimate touching and public nudity in these parts. And you have both violated our public dress codes - even for strippers."
I couldn't cite the law concerning all of this, but I knew in my heart that both these women had spent the entire evening seriously underdressed. Betsy was still wearing her see-through dress and see-through panties. Even in the dim light of the parking lot I could see the outline of that sweet little slit of hers. Sydney had at least pulled her 'prom dress' back on, though one of her nipples was peeking out at us and wisps of cotton candy blue fur were plainly visible beneath the one button on her dress that she had taken the time to fasten.
Betsy's and Sydney's state of undress was not lost on the officer who appeared to be in charge. He grinned like a fox turned loose in the henhouse, ogled both ladies up and down for a long second and said to Officer Red Beard, "My but you were sure were right! They arepretty! The judge is gonna love this!"
The older of the two - the one I had come to believe was the Sheriff - must have said more than he was supposed to. Officer Red Beard immediately shot him a nasty look and then barked out, "Into the cruiser - all three of you!"