In our early married years, Jane was serviced on a regular basis by a Turkish doctor (as described) - he exclusively sodomized her, and used her in the most depraved way (ass to mouth was something of a favourite). This was to change.
Owing to our promiscuous lifestyle, Jane was on the pill, as I insisted she perform bareback with strangers - she followed my instructions faithfully, and I always enjoyed the 'sloppy seconds'.
After a few months of using Jane, her 'bull' told her to stop taking the pill - he continued to sodomize her for a couple of weeks before making her take him bareback and unprotected - of course, he made her pregnant.
This was not part of my plan and Jane had an abortion before resuming her 'duties'. Unfortunately the Turk was, by now, beginning to tire of her (after taking everything she could offer), but she really liked that guy, and would phone him and beg to see him.
I made her dress in stockings and suspenders and go to him for sex, as I knew he would debase her as he wished. It was at this point that he began to beat her before having her - she allowed him whatever he wanted , which, I am certain, conditioned her for our future life together.
She has become the wife my stories describe - I realise that I was put to considerable inconvenience by Jane's Turkish 'bull' but, nevertheless, have much to thank him for.
Jane has provided me with many erotic situations over the years - I am always aware of the risk of repeating very similar situations in my reminisces, however I would like to share a brief, but strangely erotic coupling, from February 2009.
We were in Gran Canaria and I had told Jane that I wanted her to have sex with a stranger - she was, by now, used to this demand, and agreed to provide my entertainment, if I found a man to have her.
We often passed an apartment complex as we walked to and from a local restaurant, this complex had a uniformed security guard and I told Jane that I wanted her to offer him casual sex if I could engineer a situation. A couple of days later, as we approached him, after dark, and along an empty street, I told Jane that I was going to go for it - she simply looked down and nodded in acceptance of the inevitable end to her evening.
I greeted the guard as we approached and Jane and I stopped to chat - after a few moments I realised that his English was not too good, and my Spanish would not run to describing what I wanted, therefore I had to resort to sign language. After a few minutes of small talk, I indicated to him how pale we were compared to him (he was a typical, swarthy, Canarian, around 40 years old), by holding my forearm next to his - he smiled and nodded as he realised what I was saying, at which, I lifted Jane's tee shirt showing her (lightly tanned), breasts - he stared as he wrestled with the situation - I dropped her tee shirt and told her to turn around and lift her skirt in order to show her bare buttocks. She did as she was instructed and, as he slowly realised what was happening, I pointed to him and then to Jane's bare arse while giving the thrusting forearm signal which is the international sign for sexual activity.
To the security guy's credit, he immediately grasped the situation and grabbed Jane's hand before disappearing behind a rubbish hut around five yards inside the entrance to the complex - I was left standing on the street when, after no more than two minutes, I heard Jane gasp as she was penetrated (he bent her against the wall and had her from behind, she later informed me) - within five minutes it was all over and they returned to me in the street. I took Jane's hand and we carried on walking back to our apartment without another word.
I have always rated this 'brief encounter' amongst the more erotic of our many adventures - uncomplicated, quick, and, for me, very satisfying - the experience spurred me on to fuck her remorselessly over the next few days.
Jane has been serviced by a Pakistan 'bull' throughout the past several weeks - I have recently waited for her outside of the shop in Handsworth where she meets him. He began the relationship after contacting us on SH and always sent her home in a taxi, however, I so enjoy fucking her as soon as possible after her bull that I now pick her up at the shop.
She gives me whatever I require (usually in a car park or behind a factory), before we set off for home - a continuation of a long held relationship. However, just recently, a new development has proved to be of interest.
Owing to the amount of men fucking her bareback over recent times, she recently made an appointment with her GP for a check-up, re. STD's etc. During the course of her initial consultation her doctor asked her for details of her lifestyle and examined the bruises and welts on her body. Jane was completely frank and told him what both I, and her 'boyfriend'. demanded of her.
He, of course, gave her the usual warnings concerning her promiscuous lifestyle, before referring her to the specialist unit at our local hospital for a check-up (all clear, thankfully) - all very predictable. However, a little less routine, was his request that she return to the surgery at 9.00 pm that evening - (I should say that he is an Asian, around 40 years old) - Jane, of course agreed, and at 9.00 pm was sitting in her car, outside a dark and lonely surgery.
You have probably guessed, by now the outcome of this 'consultation'. Yes, our GP pulled up, opened the surgery door and called Jane over - he took her to the minor surgery theatre, where he gave her an almighty thrashing with his belt, before buggering her mercilessly. He told her not to mention this episode to anyone, and that he would not make her do it again.
She brings out the worst in men,, and I would not have it any other way, but, even I was a little surprised at the doctor's reaction to her 'symptoms', and that he had her bareback, despite his lecture on her lifestyle.
Definitely a case of 'do as I say, not as I do', I guess.