A Day At The Office!
(Slut Fannie becomes a sex slave for her boss!)
Pt. 1
"Fannie come into my office, Dear!" came the voice over the intercom in a demanding tone.
"Yes Ma'am!"
Fannie quickly pushes her office chair back from the desk and stands. Looking down she checks her outfit as she smoothes down the front of her short skirt. She walks to the door to her boss's office and softly knocks.
"Come in dear. There's no need to knock."
She enters the office and slowly walks to her boss's desk where she is sitting. Her footing is still a little awkward as she is getting used to wearing her new high heels.
"Step around the desk so that I can measure. You know the drill." Her boss orders.
It has been almost a week since her boss, Cindy, came to the house for dinner. It was what happened after that really changed things. Fannie showed her deep desire to please her boss sexually and Cindy showed how capable she was at dominating the young woman. After their sex Cindy had a meeting with Fannie's husband S about the possibilities that this newly discovered secret could uncover. It was decided (with Fannie present and kneeling at her boss's feet) that while at her job Fannie would be controlled completely by her boss. She would be told how to dress and must obey any command that she is ordered to do without question. In return Cindy agreed to pay for any clothing or expenses as well as a sizable increase in pay and benefits with bonuses for "going the extra mile".
Cindy watches as Fannie makes her way around the desk. She is wearing a tiny flowered dress. The neckline comes down in a deep "V" showing much of the milk white flesh of her breasts. The skirt is very short and pleated. She is wearing dark nylons that fit into black stiletto shoes with 4 " heels.
"Made it with a little room to spare this time. After your punishment from the other day I guess you didn't want to take a chance." she said as she sticks her ruler up Fannie's skirt to her crotch.
The rule that was made said that she can not come to work with a skirt that hangs more than 6" below her crotch. Today she was lucky as it is only 4" and she will not be punished for breaking the rule this time. Cindy holds the ruler in place and pushes it up with a little force as she watches the reaction on the young woman's face. Another rule is that she is not allowed to ever wear underwear unless it was specifically ordered by Cindy. The only exception would be when she is having her period and she will be required to wear pants keeping her pussy off limits during those times. The ruler now pushes against the meaty flesh of her outer pussy lips and as the woman pushes the sharp edge of the ruler harder it begins to cut into her tender flesh and cause her pain.
"Owwww!" She clenches her eyes and grits her teeth but does not make any move to try to stop her.
"Baby! You will learn to take pain from me and enjoy it. But I think that, for now, I will have to bring you along slowly." She said as she removes the ruler inspecting it for traces of any wetness. The last thing that she wants to do is cause any real damage or to have her new play toy quit on her.
"You've passed your inspection for today. I'm expecting a client this morning so make sure that you get your ass right out there and buzz me when he arrives. This account can be very good for our business so I may require you to assist me in signing him up."
"Yes Ma'am!"
She gets back to her desk as fast as she could. Her high heels are 4" and according to Cindy's rule they must be at least 4" high every day. She will have to get used to them before she can walk like a true slut and move up to higher heels!
Cindy ordered Fannie's new desk specially made. It is basically a regular functioning secretary's desk except that it has a glass top and a glass front. The reason for this is so that when the clients come into the reception room and turn to the right the first sight that they will see is Fannie facing them sitting at her desk with her long exposed legs in plain view. She is required to keep her legs together (unless told otherwise) and not to cross them. As clients walk up to the desk they are looking down with an unobstructed view of her legs only inches from her exposed pussy. Her boss is hoping that this will encourage more clients to come in and bring in more business.
The front door opens and in walks a man in his thirties wearing a suit and tie. He looks to the left, where there is a long leather couch, and than around to the right. He spots Fannie sitting at her desk filing her nails and he stops in his tracks and stairs in amazement at the sight before him.
"May I help you?" she asks without ever taking her eyes off of her nails.
The man steps forward and takes in as much of Fannie as he could. He looks at her long legs and slowly raises his eyes to her ample cleavage and finally to her face which is heavy with makeup and eyeliner making her look more like something he would see in a high class bordello as opposed to a business office.
"John Randall to see Miss Jordan." He said looking a bit nervous.
"Mr Randall is here to see you, Ma'am" she spoke into the intercom.
"Send him right in!" she replied.
"You can go right in Mr Randall.....Mr Randall?"
"Oh, sorry." he stuttered as he broke his gaze. "John.... The name's John."
"OK John.... I'm Fannie". She said looking up at him with a smile.
Smiling back he turns and walks away toward the door to the inner office. He gets to the door and turns the knob as he continues looking back at Fannie until he is inside of the doorway and she is no longer in sight.
"Hello John! How are you?" comes the voice of a smirking Cindy. She could tell that he noticed her new secret weapon for hooking new clients.
"I can see that you've met my new assistant."
"Oh my god! What happened to the last girl that you had?" he asks.
"She is the same girl only with a new attitude!" she replied with a wink.
"Man! I wish that I could find a receptionist that looks like that! I would clean up in this business!"
"I'm sure you would!" she said smiling. "How about some coffee?"
"That would be great! Thanks!" he said as he looks over at the coffee maker on a small table by the window.
"Fannie, Mr Randall and I would like some coffee." said Cindy into the intercom.
"Right away Miss Jordan!" she answered.
John Randall nearly got whiplash as his head spun around to see Fannie as the door to the office opened. His jaw almost dropped to the floor as she walked by him and over to the coffee maker. She was a ravishing sight! Her dress looked much smaller now that she is standing. There was very little material to it. The neckline went down between her breasts barely concealing them as she walked. The hemline ended only a few inches below her ass cheeks. The dark stockings highlighted her powder white skin and the stiletto heels helped the look by raising her ass high in the air.
Cindy and John made small talk while the girl performed her task. Both of them had their eyes glued on her long legs and fine upturned ass as she worked as the spoke.
"Cream Mr Randall?" Fannie asked as she placed the cups on their saucers.
"Hmmmmm?" he replied in a daze.
"Would you like cream in your coffee?"
"Uh...Oh! Yes please" he said as he tried to come out of his trance. Fannie bent at the waist to pick up the two saucers and as she did her tiny skirt rose up above her stocking tops to the point where you could see some of her creamy flesh just below her ass cheeks. John instinctively crooked his head to the side to get a better view as Fannie turned to walk back over to him. He quickly straightened up in his seat awaiting his coffee. As she stops in front of his chair she bends down to hand him his cup. His eyes become glued to her chest as her small top pulls away and her breasts are exposed to him mere inches from his face.
She reaches out with the cup and saucer and the handoff doesn't go well. He bumps the cup with his hand causing it to tip in the saucer and spilling some of the hot coffee on his lap.
"Owww!" he shouts as the hot coffee spills on his lap. He jumps up quickly as Fannie backs away.
"Oh I'm so sorry!" she says as she heads back to the table to get some napkins to help wipe it up.
As he stands holding the saucer with one hand and the handle of the cup with the other she returns and starts wiping the spill from his lap with the napkins. It was immediately evident the he was sporting one hell of a hardon as his cock pointed downward in his trousers like a rocket. His erection was well defined through his boxers and the thin material of his slacks.
Fannie franticly tried to wipe off the liquid in long slow strokes down the length of it causing it to shift from side to side. He was embarrassed but liked the attention that his engorged member was getting.
"Ohhhhh!" came from Fannie's lips when she realized the effect that she was having on this man.
This didn't go un-noticed by Cindy either!
"Bad girl!!! Now look what you have done to Mr Randall!" she said.
"No no. It was my fault entirely." he said.
"I'm sorry, John, but there is no way that you could be at fault here. The fault surely lies with my clumsy assistant. Fannie you know that you will have to be punished for this don't you?"
"Yes Ma'am." she replied with her head down.
"I think that the paddle will be in order for this. You know where it is. Go fetch it and bring it to me. Now!" she demanded.
As Fannie walks away John takes over wiping off his crotch. She walks over to a large antique wooden cabinet located behind her boss's desk. Taking hold of both handles she opens it wide in order to find the paddle. John is a bit stunned as he looks inside and sees hanging , besides the paddle, were several implements of bondage and torture as well as some leather gear that he could only guess the purpose of.
Fannie removes the paddle from the hook inside and closes the cabinet doors. She brings it back to Cindy and places it in her hand.
"OK you know the drill. Assume the position!" she orders.
Fannie now walks over to a large conference table on the other side of the office and removes a chair and puts it aside. She then faces the table and leans forward and places her hands on it. Bent over with her ass up behind her she spreads her legs about three feet apart and waits. Her tiny dress raised up several inches to the point where the bottom of her ass cheeks peek out slightly.
Cindy walks up behind the girl and pushes her forward so that her body is now flat on the table and with one quick movement she flips her dress up revealing her inviting white ass. John can't believe what he is watching and moves closer to get a better view as Cindy lines the paddle up for her first whack.
"Now if you remain still we can get this over with in no time. Every time you feel the paddle I want you to say that you are sorry to Mr Randall. Do you understand?"
"Yes Miss Jordan." she replied with her face buried under her crossed arms on the table.
SMACK!
"I'm sorry Mr Randall."
SMACK!
"I'm sorry Mr Randall."
SMACK!
"I'm sorry Mr Randall!"
This went on for a count of ten with the paddle alternating from one cheek to the other. Her ass cheeks were now a nice shade of pink and John was beside himself with lust as he is now in line to view not only her cheeks but her puckered anus winking back invitingly to him. Her positioning also brought her slightly parted pussy lips into view for the first time and he could also make out a tiny drop of glistening liquid leaking out of the opening which told him that she could not only tolerate the spanking but was actually getting off on it! There was no hiding the raging erection in his pants as he was grabbing and openly stroking it at this point.
"Oh my! Where are my manners?" Cindy said as she turned to John catching him in the act of touching himself. She looks down at his crotch and looks into his eyes smiling. "I think that it would only be fair if Mr Randall were allowed to punish you now seeing that he is the one that you spilled the coffee on. Don't you think that he should be allowed to spank you now, Fannie?" She spoke without ever losing eye contact with the man.
"Yes Ma'am"
"Yes Ma'am what? I think that you should ask the man yourself!"
"Mr Randall would you like to spank me now?"
"Now that didn't sound sincere to me. You must ask him properly!" Cindy demanded.
"Mr Randall will you please spank me? Please?"
John didn't know what to say but as Cindy placed the paddle in his hands he found himself walking towards Fannie's upturned ass as if in a trance. The office was silent as he stood with the paddle looking down at Fannie not knowing how to go about causing pain to the helpless woman without feeling guilty about it.
"Go ahead, John. She did ask you for it didn't she?"
Yes she did he thought. Come to think of it she even said please! She wasn't told to do that and even sounded sincere about it as if she was pleading with him to do it!
"I want you to tell Mr Randall that you want him to spank you harder each time until he is satisfied that you are truly sorry, understand?"
"Yes Ma'am."
"Go ahead John. She's all yours!"
He runs his hand over her tender flesh and takes aim on her left cheek.
Smack.
He really didn't put any force into his first blow more or less trying to get a sense for it.
"She can take a lot more than that, John. What do you say Fannie?"
"Please sir. Please spank me harder."
SMACK!
He used a little more authority this time and the sound of leather on skin was unmistakable!
"Please Mr Randall. Please spank me harder."
Smack! A bit harder.
"Please Mr Randall. Please spank me harder!"
SMACK!
"Please. Harder. Please?"
SMACK!!!
"HARDER PLEASE?"
SMACK! SMACK!
"OH GOD! HARDER!" Fannie sounded on the verge of orgasm!
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!
He wails away with all of his might getting a guttural scream emanating from the young woman's throat! Cindy comes up from behind the man and wraps her arms around him massaging his cock through his slacks. She unbuckles his pants and belt and lets them fall to the floor as she takes hold of his erection and begins stroking it.
"UGH..... OH MY GOD....OH HARDER! HARDER! PLEASE! PLEEEEEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Fannie screams as she has a massive orgasm. Her legs start to shake and her ass quiver as the man lays down one more volley of blows.
SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!!!!!!!!!!!!
"OH GOD!!!!!!!!!! UGHHHHHHHH! AHHHHHHHHH!"
Fannie has a long continuous climax as John and Cindy look on in amazement at her crimson bottom shaking! Cindy has John step out of his pants and sits him down in the chair next to the table. She looks down at him and his huge erection pointing straight up at her and, facing him, straddles his legs. She slides her tight skirt up over her large round ass, pulls her thong to one side, and sits down on his cock. Her cunt is soaking wet and his large cock had no trouble slipping into her hot pussy!
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!" She moans as she feels his huge member fill her insides. She starts to rock back and forth hard as John met every movement by pushing his cock up into her as hard as he could. They fucked like animals as Fannie laid motionless on the table trying to gather herself back together.
"Fannie! Come lie on your back in front of us. Now!!!" Cindy said between breaths.
Fannie slid back off of the tables and saw her boss getting pounded by the man that just caused her own orgasm. She watched as his large cock would come almost out of Cindy's pussy and then he would ram it back home with a moan from the woman with each drive. She laid on her back with her boss's ass rising and falling just above her head.
"OH OH AHHHHH!!!!!!!" came from John as he started to cum.
Cindy ground herself down on his cock and started her own orgasm as she felt his steaming load shoot deep into her hot cunt.
"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!" she moaned as forced his cock in as deep as ever inside as she came.
She waited for only a brief moment before she jumped up and stepped back right over the waiting girls face. With her skirt still raised she held her thong to the side and squatted over the girls upturned face. She aligned her pussy with Fannie's mouth and sat right down hard so that her cunt hole was right on her mouth and her clit was pressed against her nose cutting off the girl's air supply. Her head all but disappeared beneath the woman's massive ass and meaty thighs! Cindy then pushed John's semen out of her cunt and into Fannie's mouth. You could hear Fannie swallow as the large load filled her mouth and down her throat. Cindy slid her cunt around until she felt sure that she couldn't expel any more cum.
Raising up a few inches she said, "Now I want you to lick me clean and if you do a good job I'll let you clean Mr Randall too!"
Fannie lapped up the gooey mix of semen and the woman's juices from inside of her thighs. She used her hands to open the woman's large cunt lips and cleaned out whatever she could from every fold. Then for good measure she spread the woman's ass cheeks wide and lapped away at her tasty asshole. Her favorite!
"Mmmmmmmmmmm!!!!! I love when you do that! You are so good at it! Ohhh! Don't stop!!!!"
Fannie licked the woman's ass with abandon as John looked down in disbelief. He had the perfect view as he could see Fannie push her tongue as deep into her asshole as she could as her boss closes her eyes and moaned with pleasure. What a perfect match, he thought. A demanding and dominant boss and a submissive assistant that will do whatever she is told with no limits. To make matters even better Fannie appears to do these things willingly and with no boundaries!
"Fannie dear, that's enough for now. I might let you have some more later if you are a good girl. For now I think that it is time that you take care of Mr Randall's needs don't you think?"
As Cindy raises her ass off of Fannie's face an audible sound of disappointment came from her lips. She lies still catching her breath before getting up on her knees to move in between John's legs. His cock is semi ridged at this point and Fannie doesn't hesitate to start her new task. She starts off by licking whatever liquid that she could find off of the man's thighs and around his balls and base of his shaft. She then lapped up what she could find in his pubic hair some of which was drying. It took a little extra effort but she managed to get it all. Finally she took his softening cock into her mouth and sucked off what was on the shaft by taking it in to the base and back to the head until it popped out of her mouth. She sucked hard to get whatever she could from inside .
At this point his cock was coming back to life and Fannie started making long strokes with her mouth as it becomes erect. Her head bobs up and down as the man's head hangs back with eyes closed and mouth half open as he begins to moan softly. This does not go un-noticed by Cindy who wants nothing more than to have John fuck her again.
"Fannie, that will do for now. I have a chore for you to do." She says as she doesn't want the girl to go so far as to spoil her chances of another pounding by John. She walks over and picks up John's pants off of the floor and hands them to him.
"John clean out your pockets. I'm sending Fannie to the cleaners. She will be back with them in an hour. In the mean time we still have some unfinished business to do here." She said as she gives him a wink.
"Fannie you will walk down to the cleaners and drop these off. Tell Mr Wu that it is for me and he will take care of it right away. Then walk down to Joe's Restaurant and pick us up some lunch. I will call ahead and Joe will be expecting you. By the time you are finished there I am sure that the pants will be ready and you can pick them up on the way back. Now get yourself cleaned up and get your ass moving. Don't forget to lock the office door when you go. Mr Randall and I still have more business to discuss and don't want to be disturbed! Understand?"
"Yes Ma'am!"
Fannie takes the pants and goes into the bathroom to clean up. She then leaves the office locking the door behind her, ready for her long walk through town.
Cont........
Pt. 2
The elevator door opens to the first floor and Fannie steps out and through the front door to the street. She is a sight to behold! Her tiny dress enhances all of her assets. The "V" neckline shows quite a bit of cleavage and it isn't hard to figure out that she is braless as her nipples harden quickly from the cool outside air and poke out through the thin material of her dress. The hemline of her skirt, being only four inches below her bare pussy, appears even shorter from the rear. It just covers her stocking tops which come up to just below her ass cheeks. Her dark stockings are a deep contrast to her milk white skin and look, as does the rest of her attire, out of place in the light of day. Her shoes seem to look out of place more than everything else. The black stilettos have straps that crisscross back and forth above her ankles. The four inch heels cause her to walk almost on her toes and in combination with her skirt, causes her ass to appear to jut out as it makes it swish back and forth invitingly with each step.
As she walks all eyes are upon her when she passes. She is getting used to the catcalls and remarks as she has been through this more and more often lately since she was forced to by Dave's evil group after being blackmailed. She has since come to get off on being humiliated in public and feels that it is alright as she is only following orders. She has been trained to obey and thrives on it. She will do whatever either her husband or boss wishes for her to do and with whoever they choose. It is not her choice. She is just following orders.
"Good morning Mr Wu!" She says smiling as she enters the door to the cleaners.
"Fannie? Is that you?" Replies the oriental man behind the counter. He looks her up and down with a confused look on his face. "You look....look different."
"Oh maybe a little I guess. I hope it's ok."
"Oh yes! Very nice! Are you going to someplace special today?" He says as he looks her up and down.
"No sir, Miss Jordan asked me to drop these off to you." putting the pants on the counter. "She hopes that you can clean them right away and I'll come right back to pick them up."
Holding the pants out in front of him he says, "These are men's pants."
"Yes they are. I spilled coffee on them and they need cleaning."
"But, where is man?" he asked. "Never mind I need not know. Pants will be ready very soon? I call you?"
"No I will be right back. I have to run down to Joe's and pick up some lunch and I'll be right back."
"OK I get right no it for Miss Jordan." He said smiling.
"Bye!" said Fannie as she spins to walk out the front door. As she does her skirt twirls and he catches a glimpse of bare ass as she does.
Back on the street she starts her trek to the restaurant. Men start to follow as her tiny skirt flips up with each step and her stocking tops show with each. Every little breeze makes it flip up higher and sometimes her bottom or even her bald pussy come into view briefly. Her mind drifts back to all of the daring and obscene things that she has been made to do in the past month.
She has been made to expose herself in public many times including using a dildo with the windows down in the back seat of a moving car. She was forced to suck the cocks of unknown strangers through a gloryhole in a porn shop. In a gangbang with a group of men that went on for hours and was set up by her own husband! Now he has made a pact with her boss to allow her to be used for whatever purpose she has in mind and, so far, she seems to have plenty of ideas in mind for her!
Arriving at the restaurant she walks in and makes her way to the back where there is a take-out window. As she walks by tables of people everyone stops to watch. As she passes the tables her short dress is only inches from the faces of the customers. Heads turn as she walks by to watch her ass sway to and fro down the isle. She stops at the rear counter and the young man behind the counter just looks at her speechless. Then a voice from around a corner in the back is heard.
"Fannie? My god I hardly recognized you! Come around to my office." He said and as Fannie headed around he gave the young man a piece of paper. "Fill this order for Miss Jordan and leave it back here. The young lady will back pick it up when she's ready."
Entering his office he closes the door behind him and quietly locks it.
"I can't believe how good you look! Cindy said that you will be coming by to repay a debt of hers but until I saw you just now I thought that you would be bringing me some cash. I guess I was wrong. What a nice surprise. This is even better! MY GOD! YOU LOOK HOT!" He said as he sits in his chair behind his desk.
Fannie appeared a bit confused as this was totally unexpected. Things are beginning to make sense. She is now expected to be whored out by her boss to repay a debt to a man that she has known for quite some time. This will also give the cleaners enough time to clean John's pants and pick them up on the way back to the office. Now Joe is sitting back in his leather office chair as he begins to open his fly and unbuckle his belt. He opens his pants and his semi hard cock falls out. "OK Hon. It's going to get busy around here soon so you had better get down to business. Lets see what you have there under your skirt."
Of course none of this is new to Fannie so unfazed she does as told. She takes the hem of her short skirt and raises it in the front exposing her bald pussy to the man. He quickly takes his cock in his hand and starts to jerk it.
"Wow! Baby, you are a changed woman all right! You walked all the way down here dressed like a slut just for me? I might cum before I even touch you. Now slip it off and come over here and take care of this!"
Fannie slips the little dress up over her head and stands before the man. She is now naked except for her nylons and heels. A true slut indeed!
She kneels in front of the man and puts his now hard cock into her mouth. She starts to work his cock with her mouth and tongue causing the man to moan now and then. She works his cock like a pro and starts working it up and down faster. He grabs her head and forces it down her throat farther each time.
"Wait! Hold on! I need more. Get up! Get up!"
He stands and kicks off his pants then he turns the girl around and bends her over the desk.
"Whoa! What the hell?" He looks down on her upturned ass and sees that it is still red from the spanking that she got earlier by Cindy and John.
"Has somebody been spanking you?"
"Yes sir." she replied still bent over.
"Why?"
"Because I was bad and spilled coffee on Mr Randall."
"Who spanked you Cindy or Mr Randall?"
"Both." Upon hearing this Joe places his cock head to the entrance of her cunt and pushes it in. As usual her pussy is wet from her thoughts about exposing herself as well as the other events of the day. He pushes in hard as his hips smack against her tender ass flesh.
"Ohhhhhhhhh!" she said.
"So your boss brings people into her office to spank you? What else does she do to you?"
" Ugh......... I was a few minutes late to work the other day and to punish me for it she called me to her desk and placed clamps on my pussy and my nipples. Ugh.........She had chains that hang from my pussy lips to my knees and attached weights to them and had me walk back to my desk with them swinging between my legs stretching my pussy. Ugh.........She had me sit at my desk as clients came in. I had to sit still while the clients, men mostly, sat across from me looking right at my legs through the glass front of my desk trying to see up my skirt. The chains hung down behind my legs just out of view. Ugh.........It was hard to concentrate as my pussy lips were stretched and any movement would reveal what was hanging between my legs. Ugh..............."
Joe is now pounding his cock into the girl's pussy. Hearing this story makes him wonder what else she is forced to do and he is aroused beyond belief! Their fucking is making one hell of a racket as you can hear their bodies slapping together as well as Fannie's grunts as well as the office desk being pushed forward a little with each thrust!
"What else! Tell me more before I cum!"
"Ugh.............Yesterday when there were no more appointments Miss Jordan told me lock up and come into her office. She told me that I had done a very good job today and as my reward she cuffed my hands behind my back. She pulled a chair a few feet out from the table and sat me down. Ugh............Then she raised her skirt and bent over the table spreading her legs with her beautiful bottom inches from my face. I leaned forward and she let me lick her ass until she came. Ugh..........I think that she had just used the toilet and wanted to use me to clean her up. It took me a few minutes to get used to it but I cleaned it all up and would do anything for more! Ugh..........Ohhhhhhhhhhh.......Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Fannie has a tremendous orgasm as she recalls her lewd act with Cindy. This also brought Joe over the edge as he has never heard anything as erotic as this in his entire life!
"OH GOD!!!!!!!!" he says as he pumps his load up the slut's cunt!
He gives a couple of more hard thrusts until he falls over onto her back in a heap. His cock draining into the hot woman's hole. They stay in this position silently for a few moments before Joe stands and pulls out. His semen oozed out of her still open hole and formed a puddle on the table. Joe grabs some paper towels and wipes himself as he tosses some over to Fannie who gets up and squats pushing the remnants out of her cunt and into the paper towel. They both dress without a word.
"I would like you to come back again. I'll call Cindy and see if she can arrange it. You can tell her that we are even now and you can pick up your order on the way out. No charge."
"Thank you sir." she said as he opens the office door and she walks away with her ass still quivering from the pounding that she has just received.
*
(I hope that you are enjoying these stories of Fannie's transition from loving housewife to slut slave. If you have any ideas in mind for Fannie please let me know and I will try to incorporate them into a future chapter. Thank you for your support and feedback!)