It began like any other day. I picked up my orders and walked out to my service vehicle. My partner, Russ, was ready to hit the road. We worked the jobs as they came, some easy, others not so much. While we drove, we talked. Today Russ wanted to talk about a trip he and his wife, Stephanie had taken.
I had met Stephanie a few times. She was a sweet girl in her late twenties. She and Russ were married right out of high school. She was attractive with that wholesome, rosy cheeked girl next door quality. She had a trim, fit body, with lovely dark brown hair, a great personality, and a beautiful set of perky breasts.
I mention her body because Russ has told me many stories that highlighted her tendencies toward exhibitionism. One story that comes to mind was about a Palm Springs condo they rented.
They were getting ready for the pool. Stephanie was in the bedroom changing into her swimsuit. Russ decided to hurry her a bit. He walked into the room just as she started to remove her panties. The curtains were wide open and standing in the window of the neighboring condo was a naked man. He had his eyes glued to her, and his penis in his hand.
Russ said, "There is a guy watching you."
She glanced at the stranger and said, "At least he's nice looking."
Russ asked, "Should we close the blinds?"
"I'll do it." She finished removing her panties and walked to the window. She lingered for a moment then closed the blinds.
The more I heard, the more I fantasized about seeing her naked. I hoped today's story was just as good. Russ wanted to tell me about a road trip they had taken. I was all ears.
"We are driving along and this truck pulls up next to us," Russ says. "Stephanie has her feet up on the dash just relaxing. She looks over and the truck driver is smiling at her."
"Not surprising," I said. "She is attractive."
"That's what I thought." She says that's not it. Her skirt was way up, and he's looking at her panties."
"Wow," I laugh. "Wish I was a truck driver. So what happened?"
"She was surprised but said, "You know it excites me when men look at me."
I half jokingly told her, "I'll keep him alongside if you want."
She smiled. "I'm bad, Maybe just a few more minutes." Still smiling at me, she put her hand between her legs and touched herself.
"I was getting so turned on." Russ said, "I told her she could show more if she wanted."
"A sultry look came over her face, kind of biting her lip. She kept her eyes on me while she slid her panties down."
"That's so hot. Wish I was there.
"It's not real, just a game."
"So he didn't see her?"
"That part is real. All I have to do is hint how I'd love to see some guy fuck her. She gets so turned on."
"A great game I'd say." Visions of her filled my head. "Maybe we should swing by your house. Make sure she's alright." I was pushing my luck now.
Russ laughed and grew silent. I hoped he was thinking it over. After several minutes he said, "If that was ever to happen, no one could know about it."
"Of course not. I would never say a word to anyone. You know you can trust me."
Russ lapsed back into silence. Then he said, "When the time's right I'll tell her you are interested."
Nearly a month passed with no more talk about Stephanie, naked or otherwise. I felt that was Russ' way of giving me her answer. Oh well. It was just a fantasy.
Then one day out of the blue Russ said, "We were watching this Japanese sex game video."
I stayed silent. I wanted him to keep talking.
"It's called Dicks in a Wall. A couple goes to this place. They've got this wall set up. The girl's husband and some other guys go behind the wall and stick their dicks through holes. The wife has to find her husband's dick to win money. She can only use her hands and mouth to do it." He paused as if gathering his courage, then said, "She says she would like to play the game, but only with two guys."
"I'd love to be one of them," I said without hesitating.
"She asked if you would be interested. I'll let her know."
I sensed some jealousy in his voice but I couldn't step away now.
A week later I found myself knocking on their door. Russ answered with Stephanie a few steps behind. She was lovely in shorts and a blue blouse. She had a radiant smile on her pretty face.
"I'm so glad you came." She beamed. "I never thought I would really be doing this."
It was clear this was the night. I just needed to keep cool and let it be.
We sat down in the living room and she served drinks. Happily, she asked, "Should we watch the video before we try it ourselves?"
We agreed. Stephanie said, "You can get it ready. I'll change into something more comfortable."
I liked the sound of that.
Russ and I were talking when she returned to the room. She had on a sheer, pale pink babydoll nighty.
She stood in front of the television and said, "I'm so excited I can hardly wait. I just want to thank both of you for playing my game." With that, she smiled broadly. "First a preview of coming attractions." She raised her nighty revealing pink panties, her pubic hair visible through the sheer fabric. She turned loose of the nighty and let it cover her again.
This look came over her. I recognized it as the one Russ described. She bit her lip, put her hands under her nighty then slowly slid her panties down. She stepped out of them, then raised her nighty to her belly button, showing her nakedness. She had a neatly trimmed tuft of brown hair and below it, I could see the top of her vagina, including what I imagined was the hooded home of her clitoris. I was disappointed when she let her nighty drop, covering her once more.
"If you need anything while we watch the game," she smiled, "just ask." She sat on the sofa next to Russ.
The screen lit up with a nice looking girl sitting on the floor in front of the wall. She was dressed in shorts and a blouse. The young woman had an uncertain look on her face as she studied all of the dicks protruding threw the wall. Then she went to work touching, stroking, and tasting the penises. Up and down the wall she went. The more she tried the more comfortable she became. As she went along, some of the guys unexpectedly shot cum on her clothing or in her mouth as she sucked them. She seemed surprised when that happened, but she appeared to enjoy it.
Stephany looked lonely sitting next to her husband. I walked the short distance to the sofa and said, "Want some company?"
She grinned and patted the sofa next to her.
The girl finally guessed which dick belonged to her husband. She was wrong. That meant she had to be 'punished'. A guy came out from behind the wall. She resisted for a moment, then allowed him to remove her clothing, leaving her naked.
The fellow started slowly, but as soon as he slid his fingers into her, he had her. Before long she had her first osgasm. It was just one of many. Her husband quietly watched. He paid particular attention when the guy penetrated his young wife with his large penis.
My hand wandered over to Stephanie's thigh. As I worked it between her legs, she spread them just enough to allow my fingers access. As I caressed her naked vagina, she laid her head on my shoulder. Russ didn't seem to notice what I was doing.
Too soon the video ended. Stephanie sat up and looked from me to Russ.
"What happens when you guess wrong in our game?" I asked.
"You get to punish me," Stephanie said, quickly returning to the moment. "Any way you want, no rules. But I think I'm going to win." She smiled.
"What happens if you do?"
"I'm still deciding, but I think you'll like it."
"Sounds good to me," I smiled.
"Sure you can handle this Russ?" she asked. "We can stop right now or whenever you want."
"No, I'm pretty excited myself. I'd love to watch it happen."
"Okay then, are we ready?" Stephanie said,
We both answered yes.
"Good," she said. "You can undress here if you want. I'm going to wear this." She stood up. "I'll let you know when I'm ready." She turned and disappeared down the hall.
Russ and I undressed.
"I'm ready," she finally called out.
We looked at each other. "Who goes first?" I asked.
"We'll go in together. You'll be first with her."
Russ led the way. The door was open to the dimly lit bedroom. Stephanie sat on the edge of the bed. Still dressed in the nighty. Except now she wore a blindfold. Her hands were neatly folded in her lap. She was a lot calmer than us. Russ nodded to me. I was up, in more ways than one. I exhaled and walked over to the edge of the bed. My penis continued to grow as I stood just inches from her.
I placed my hands on her shoulders. She shivered. I touched her face and ran my fingers across her lips. Then I took her hand and placed it on my penis. She gently touched the shaft then leaned forward and kissed the head. She stroked me for a few minutes the my penis disappeared into her mouth.
I knew I was breaking the rules but I wanted to see her naked body. While she sucked I raised her nighty and pulled it over her head. She didn't protest. She was completely naked and beautiful. I couldn't take my eyes off her. She leaned back taking my penis out of her mouth but continued to stroke it. I massaged her breasts and gently tweaked her nipples.
My hand moved down her body. She spread her legs and moaned as I caressed her outer lips. She lay back on the bed and began breathing loudly. Her sighs changed to moans as I moved two fingers into her slit. Her flower opened to my touch. She stroked me faster. I couldn't believe how close I was. She must have sensed it. She called out, "Wow, I think I better try the other guy."
I gave her a deep kiss on the lips. She whispered into my ear, "Please stay close. I want you inside me.' I reluctantly withdrew. I didn't want to see what Russ was doing to her but I couldn't help myself. It was obvious they were both enjoying each other. Probably just me, but I wasn't sure their hearts were in. Just the same, under her touch, Russ seemed to be building to an orgasm. I was worried that would end our adventure. But just before it was over Stephanie stopped him.
She called out, "Ohhh, so much fun. Where are you number one? Let me try you again."
I placed my penis in her hand as I had done before. She quickly took it into her mouth and began to move her head in rymthm with my thrust.
I pulled away from her then kissed her cheeks and lips. I leaned her back on the bed and kissed her neck and down to her breasts. Her breathing became deeper as I nibbled and kissed my way across her stomach and neared her mound. I nudged her legs. She helped me by spreading them. Her vagina glistened with moisture. I kissed her mound then slid my tongue over her clitoris. She yelped and began to shiver and pulsate as I sucked her clit into my mouth.
I slid two fingers into her wet canal, my tongue still on her clit. I loved the feeling of having my fingers inside her. Her moans increased to a frenzy. I was sure she was near orgasm. I fucked her faster with my fingers and tongue.
She cried out in orgasm. Now was the time. I pushed my penis against her opening. It slid into her without resistance.
"Oh yes, Fuck me, fuck me."
I glanced a Russ. He was busy making his own orgasm. Stephanie must have sensed he was close.
She called out, "Not yet baby. I want both of you to cum on me."
Russ hurried to her. He got on the bed beside her and returned to stroking himself.
I withdrew from and got on the other side. She took my penis into her mouth sucking hard and jerking my cock with her hand. I put two fingers into her vagina. I fucked her with my fingers mercilessly as Russ shot his cum onto her stomach and chest.
She stopped sucking and cried out. "In my mouth, cum in my mouth," as spasms overtook her.
That did it for me. I could feel the cum rising in me. Within moments I squirted into her hot mouth. It come like never before. Stephanie kept sucking the juice from me.
After my last spasm, I collapsed next to her. I notice Russ had returned to the chair. I thought I should leave but I wasn't sure I could walk. Stephanie removed her blindfold, grabbed some tissue from the nightstand, and wiped away the evidence.
She snuggled against me and we started kissing. Before long I felt her hand on my penis. To my surprise, it rose to the occasion. She pushed me onto my back and went down on me. After a few moments, she came back up and said, "Should I keep going?"
"I think I'm spent. We'll do it soon."
"You promise?"
"Yes."
"Don't forget." She leaned into me. "Let me lay here a few minutes."
The room became dead still. Stephanie seemed to be sleeping. I slipped out of the bedroom and gathered my clothes. I was grateful that Russ was out of sight.
I left the house carrying my shoes in my hand, hurrying to my car.
***
As I think about that day. At times I feel a pang of guilt. What we did was very exciting and I'll always relish it but I worry it was wrong for me to inject myself into their marriage.
Time blurs things. I have since resolved those feelings. I think we each took away what we needed that night. Who am I to punish myself or judge them?
I saw Stephany some months later. We were excited to see each other. We hugged and kissed, and spoke briefly. Then she was gone. No phone number, no promises for the future. Just a quick talk, then I love you, and she was gone.
The End