It was only 5 pm that same day when I got her message.
"So, when are we making another video?"
"I told you I would need to prepare."
"What else do you need? Last time all you needed was your hands and my body."
"I was planning to be a bit more creative, but if you just want me to finger you again, that's fine too."
"Creative is fine. I'll be patient."
I couldn't help but chuckle at how eager she was. As much as her behavior annoyed me, she was very entertaining. A diamond in the rough perhaps.
"Why are you so excited anyway? I'm surprised to hear from you so soon after you had so much trouble admitting you needed my help."
"No reason."
"Seline..."
It took a while for her next message to pop up.
"I haven't been home yet."
Huh, I assumed she would go home right after her workout.
"Does that mean what I think it means?"
"That I haven't had an orgasm yet and have been extremely horny at work all day? YES YES IT DOES!"
"Sounds like a fun time. Have you cleaned up?"
"No..."
So she does know how to follow instructions. Maybe there is hope for her after all.
"Where are you now?"
"My car, in the parking garage at my job."
"Anyone there?"
"Not right now."
Let's see just how badly she wants my help. She was doing great so far, but this would be a great test to see if my preparations would be worth the effort.
"You up for some fun? I could give you permission right now if you play along."
Again it took a while for her to respond.
"What would I have to do?"
"You'll see. Yes or no?"
"Yes"
Nice, let's see how far she is willing to go. I started a video call and Seline answered almost immediately. I was taken aback a bit seeing her out of her gym outfit. She was wearing a light blue sundress that ended just above her knees. It had a tight band around her waist up to just below her boobs. It didn't show any cleavage but her neck was fully uncovered. If it wasn't for her horny blushing face, I almost wouldn't have recognized her.
"You ready?"
"Ready for what?"
"Wrong answer. Start masturbating."
"But wh"
"Seline. Start masturbating."
She was clearly annoyed at being ignored, but her hand still went below her dress. I couldn't see much, but that would change soon enough. Watching her face was fun on its own.
"Remember, no cumming. I'm sure a horny girl like you could cum right away."
Her pouting soon turned into moaning as her hand quickly started to work faster.
Suddenly she froze and turned to look out the window.
"Someone there?"
She turned back to me while straightening her dress. "Yeah."
"What's he doing?"
"Probably just walking to his car. He's getting closer though."
"So why did you stop?"
"What do you mean why did you stop? Because I don't want to get caught of course!"
"He won't see what you are doing as long as you keep it below the belt. Just keep your cool and don't moan too loud. Now get going or we can end it here and you won't get to cum at all today."
"Fuck." She looked out the window again, tracking how close he was. Slowly her hand went back to her pussy.
"I don't know why you're so worried anyway. I'm sure everyone already thinks you're a slut after walking around smelling like cum all day."
Seline couldn't help but let out a moan and her hand shot to her mouth to muffle the sound. I loved how much the embarrassment turned her on. She looked around worried, but it didn't seem like that man had heard her.
"Keep going. You have until he leaves to get ready."
She almost whispered this time, afraid to make any noise that might draw attention to her. "Ready for what?"
"Well for your orgasm. Among other things."
She continued rubbing her pussy and not much later I heard a car start and drive off.
"Is the coast clear?"
"I think so."
"Good. So, one last time. Are you ready?"
Seline looked conflicted, but her horniness won out after only a second. "yes."
"Good. Take your phone and step out of the car."
"Now show me around." She turned on the front camera and showed me the surroundings. It seemed like a normal parking garage, with no one else in sight.
"Good job. Now for the fun part. Do you have panties on this time?"
"Yes."
"Take them off and hang them on the rearview mirror."
"But people will see!"
"The faster you get this done, the faster you can put them back on."
She checked no one was around, then reached under her skirt and took them off. Holding them up so showed me a simple red string. Then she reached into the car and put them on the mirror. "Done."
"Show me."
She turned the camera around again and I could see them dangling from the mirror. It wasn't that I didn't trust her, I just wanted to keep teasing her.
"Now let's go for a walk. Just go to the other side of the garage."
"I regret this already."
"Oh, come on it's not that bad. You'll get a nice little orgasm soon enough. How about you pull up your dress above your hips? That should make this more interesting, don't you think?"
"Interesting? It's terrifying."
"I thought you like people seeing your cute pussy. You certainly don't seem to mind it when I see it."
"That's different."
"Well I want to see it now, so start flashing."
Reluctantly she pulled up her dress. I couldn't actually see much from this angle but I'm sure it was just as humiliation for her. After watching her walk down a few rows of cars I told her to stop. "This seems far enough. Go ahead."
"Go ahead with what?"
"With cumming of course. That's what we're here for right?"
"You want me to have an orgasm right here? What if someone walks in?"
"That's up to you. But you can only orgasm here."
"Fine. That video better be worth it."
She hid between two cars and started fingering herself.
"Show me."
It was a bit of an awkward position, but she managed to film her pussy as she continued to masturbate.
"You can't last long after all of today. Just hope you can contain your moans this time." A tiny moan escaped her lips as I said that. "Or maybe you want someone to find you. Bend you over that car and fuck your brains out. Would you like that?"
Seline was barely listening to me as she was quickly reaching her climax. She just nodded along to anything I said." Despite her attempts to contain them, her moans were getting louder.
"Maybe you should always orgasm like this, you seem to enjoy it so much."
Seline's fingers were going faster and faster. Her body became stiff as she reached the edge. Then with a loud moan she started shaking as her orgasm washed over her. As her orgasm died down, she suddenly froze again. "She held a finger to her lips to signal for me to stay quiet. I decided she had done a good job, so there was no reason to embarrass her further. A few aftershocks ran through her body as she hit. Keeping her head down and holding her breath.
Finally, she slowly got up, peeked her head out, and let out a sigh of relief. "That was way too close."
"But very hot. Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it?"
"No comment." But I could tell at least part of her did enjoy it.
"Fine. That's all for now. I'll message you when everything is ready."
"Alright, see you soon."
"Oh and leave your panties on the mirror until you get home. I think they look much better there."