I'm Sue, about 5'4", a natural redhead with long, curly hair. I'd like to lose a little weight, but guys don't seem to mind too much, and like my nice big 38D tits. I've always had a high sex drive, and I can usually get what I want from who I want when it comes to sex. Dan and I had dated for a while, but there was a point where he'd been concentrating on work and other stuff, and I'd strayed. We'd split up over that, but managed to become friends again after a while. Now we were more than just friends, and often I'd see him to satisfy my cravings for less vanilla sex, even when I had a boyfriend. While we don't really line up for a relationship, we get each other in bed, you know?
I'd been saving for a while, and finally managed to get a new car. I figured Dan would be happy to see me, and the car, so I called him and he said come on over. He liked the car, and I wanted to show him how well it drives. I wanted to get to some twisty roads so he could see how well it corners (unlike my last piece of shit), but when we pulled onto the freeway, he started to unbutton my blouse. I was pretty nervous about this, as anybody could look in and see me, but I think everybody was just trying to get home, as nobody seemed to be looking at me. He pulled out one of my tits, and the sudden exposure made my nipple go hard. He pulled out the other one as we approached our exit, and he was playing with them, being quite the distraction.
I figured we weren't going to be doing much driving, so I pulled into a parking lot, and I redressed myself. I wasn't looking sexy, as I'd come straight from work, but when I got out, he got out too. We walked up the trail away from the parking lot, being careful not to trip and fall, and after a while he pulled me off the trail into the bushes.
It was getting dark, and he leant up against a tree and pulled me to him, kissing me. He undid my blouse again, and pulled my tits out of my bra, and started pulling my bum into him. He bent his head down and sucked my sensitive nipples for a while - he knows that really gets me going. I started to squat down, but my skirt was too tight to comfortable do that, so I pulled it up a little. Once I was down there, I unbuttoned his jeans and pulled his cock out. I slid his foreskin up and down a few times and started to see pre-cum, so I licked that up before putting it in my mouth.
I've always liked sucking Dan's cock, as it's a nice shape and size, but I figured I wanted to get off too, so I stood up and kissed him while he went back to stroking my tits, and caressing my nipples. Just as he was driving me crazy with that, he pulled my skirt up and dragged my panties down. My pussy felt the cold night air, and I was instantly wet. He had me step out of my panties, and said how much he liked me in stockings. I'm glad he liked them - they're a lot of work, and it's nice when somebody appreciates the look of them. He turned me around, I bent forward and he started teasing me with his cock. I told him to get on with it, as I was ready to go now.
After we'd been slowly screwing, he undid the rest of the buttons on my blouse so he could play with my tits. He took my blouse off so he could get my bra off, and I stood there, topless, with my skirt up around my waist as he pumped in and out of me. I told him I didn't want to be naked out here, but he still unzipped my skirt and took it off over my head. I was pretty confused, as I didn't want to be like this, but it was turning me on so much that I had to bite my hand to avoid crying out - the last thing I wanted was somebody seeing me like this - almost naked and being fucked from behind. I was cumming, and cumming, and cumming. Bless him, he slowed down because I'm a little sensitive after an orgasm like that, and he pulled me upright, up against him. He was kissing my neck and fondling my sensitive nipples when he came inside me. He held me against him until his soft cock fell out of me, then we got cleaned up.
He stood there and watched me find my clothes and get dressed again, then we walked back to my car, hand in hand like the good old days. We drove off, and I dropped him off before heading home.