My wife Melissa and I have been married for ten years. We are both 35 years old and have two children. Melissa is a beautiful woman with brown hair, blue eyes and a killer body. She works out almost everyday and takes very good care of herself. Her best features, in my opinion are her very large DD natural breasts and her perfect butt. Although she has an incredible body, Melissa is very shy about showing it off. She often dresses a little more conservative than I would like. I love showing her off and she doesn't know it but it really turns me on for other guys to see her and wish they could have her.
This past summer, Melissa, our children and I, went on a family vacation to Florida. The resort was very nice and offered a waterpark just outside the hotel. Our first day there we all went together to check it out. Melissa surprised me with her choice of swimwear. She was wearing a hot pink bikini. The top may have been about one size too small. She seemed a little reluctant about wearing it. I told her she looked great. Her body looked amazing in it. Even her plump ass was looking better than usual. I talked Melissa out of changing it. I was getting extremely turned on by thinking about the reactions she'd be getting from the other men at the park. I couldn't wait.
As we got to the park, we found a few lounge chairs, set our things down and the children ran off. Melissa wore an oversized t-shirt as a cover up. I was so excited for her to take it off and I didn't have to wait long. Melissa pulled off her t-shirt and pulled her hair back into a ponytail. As she did this, her bikini top rose up just a smidge and a bit of the underside of her big breasts peeked out from the bottom of her bikini top. She quickly recovered and fixed herself. I looked around but sadly it seemed like nobody noticed.
I asked Melissa if she wanted to try one of the water slides. She was reluctant at first but I told her we are on vacation and she should let loose and have some fun. After some convincing, she agreed and we climbed the stairs to one of the bigger water slides. As we got to the top, we had butterflies in our stomaches. It was so high. When it was our turn to go, Melissa wanted me to go first so I did. I slid down and went back and forth along the sides of slide. Water was everywhere and when I finally reached the bottom, I was shot out into a pool of choppy water. I gathered myself and made my way to the pool stairs and got out. I waited, and watched for Melissa. A few seconds later I saw Melissa shooting down the water slide, ricocheting off the sides like a pinball before being dumped into the pool. I laughed as she struggled to make her way to the ladder to get out. When she finally did, she grabbed hold of the railing and pulled herself out. What happened then, I couldn't believe. Melissa stood up as she got out and was completely unaware that her huge right breast was completely out of her bikini top. It was on full display for dozens of people in that immediate area. I couldn't believe it. I knew I would never get an opportunity like this. So I didn't tell her about her little wardrobe malfunction. I scanned the area and noticed at least ten guys that have noticed Melissa's unfortunate situation. Most of the guys just stood there in awe staring at my wife's DD breast on full display. It was such a turn on to see these strangers all admiring my wife's naked boob.
After about 10-15 seconds we started walking back to our lounge chairs. That's when Melissa finally noticed that she wasn't getting the support she once had. She looked down and noticed that her exposed breast was flopping around freely. Melissa immediately covered her boob with her hand and pulled the cup of her bikini back over and covered her boob. She grew red with embarrassment. I acted like I hadn't noticed until she did. Melissa started to apologize to me. I told her that it was okay and she didn't need to be sorry for what happened. It was an accident and no harm was done. She felt a little better after I told her that. Melissa and I sat down on our lounge chairs and relaxed a little longer while we waited for the kids.
After getting back to the hotel room, Melissa and I talked about what had happened. What she said to me next, I did not expect. Melissa told me that she was slightly turned on after being exposed to those strangers at the waterpark. I couldn't believe my ears. I then confessed to Melissa that it really turned me on seeing those random guys seeing my beautiful wife's naked breast. She was surprised at first but then told me how happy she was that I wasn't mad.
While laying in bed that night, I told Melissa that I couldn't stop thinking about those guys looking at her breast. She told me that she was thinking the same thing. Then I had an idea. I asked Melissa if she wanted to go back to the water slides the next day and maybe "accidentally" have her boob pop out of her top again. So this time she'd be able to see everyone's reactions. Melissa loved the idea and she even suggested that this time, she'd loosen her top up a bit so maybe both breasts pop out. I loved how into the situation she was and the thought of more men seeing both of her boobs turned me on tremendously.
The next day we ventured back to the water park. Melissa made sure to just loosely fasten her top before we left. We set our things down and she removed her t-shirt. Her big breasts looked amazing. They were almost already spilling out of her top. They shook more than usual because of how loose she left her bikini top. Melissa's nipples were rock hard. I could tell she was extremely turned on by what was about to happen. I noticed the attention she was getting from both men and women at the park. Some guys could barely hide their stare as they took sight of Melissa's jiggling boobs and erect nipples.
We made our way to the top of the big slide. Just as before, I went down first and then positioned myself for a great view of Melissa coming down the slide. A few seconds later Melissa came down just as before. She hit the pool hard and I could barely see her under the rough water. She popped up a second later. I waited in anticipation to see if our plan worked. Melissa pulled herself up the ladder and out of the pool. As she climbed out I noticed that not only did both her boobs pop out but her top had fallen completely off! Her huge DD's were hanging freely. Melissa smiled at me and pulled her hair back. I wasn't sure if she noticed that her top had fallen completely off. She looked around to see that there was now a lot of looks in her direction. I stood there motionless. I was both in shock and incredibly turned on. Melissa looked at me and then down. She acted as if she hadn't noticed that her boobs had fallen out like yesterday. But when she reached for her bikini strap it wasn't there. Then I could tell that Melissa wasn't acting anymore. She covered her boobs with her hands. People now began to crowed around. Some even were taking video with their phones. We didn't know what to do. Just then, a young man about 18, who was a life guard at the park, came running over to us. He had Melissa's top in his hand and gave it to her. Melissa apologized to him and thanked him. The young man told her not to worry, this sort of thing happens all the time. Melissa and I walked over to the side and she put on her top. Some men still watched as she very slowly covered her huge boobs.
We laughed for a few minutes at the situation. Both Melissa and I were extremely turned on by all those strangers who have just seen her boobs. Later that night we discussed other ways for Melissa expose herself in public. This was just the beginning of our journey.