Cassandra had been floating dreamily in the cool water for nearly an hour before she realized that her bra and shorts were nowhere to be found. It was mid-morning now, and the beach was fairly quiet. The weather being this wonderful, she knew it would be packed with people by noon.
She made a last ditch search effort on her way back to her bicycle, but her pink top and shorts were gone: washed away by the tide. Tossing her wet, golden hair to one side and wringing it out, she stood in the cool air with her feet in warm sand. The glaze of cum had been cleaned by the salty water. Her still tender nipples were as hard as they'd ever been, poking out against the breeze.
Her hot young pussy was still excited from the wild morning as Cass set off down the shoreline toward her husband's house, nude, wet and pushing her bike along with her.
It was not a nude beach, and there were bound to be some families around, but Cass hardly cared. Drying in the sun and ruminating on Antonio's dong, she strolled happily as the waves kissed her feet.
The ocean was on her right and her bicycle on her left; she at least made a small effort to be modest as she passed by gaping groups of beachgoers. Her big, left breast had its hard nipple tucked in the crease of her elbow and she had turned slightly toward the water to obscure her hot, hungry pussy. Her big, right breast bounced and jiggled freely, supple skin rippling like the ocean waves.
The proud, nude, busty blonde tried not to return the stares she felt coming from the beach but it was difficult to resist. A half dozen people had their hands over their eyes like visors as they watched in wonder. Most had their mouths hanging open and a good number more were pointing and whispering to the person beside them. Just about an equal split of men and women were fixated on her, as far as Cass could tell from her quick glances inland.
In the water, though there were fewer people, they were treated to a more titillating view. One guy, maybe a year or two younger than Cassandra, came riding in on his surfboard with a dumbfounded look on his face before wobbling and falling into the waves.
A horn sounded from a boat fifty yards out, followed by hoots, hollers and waving arms. Cassandra couldn't help but smile and return the wave. Some of their words drifted to her over the whitecaps, "Let me play with your beach balls, baby!"
Giggling, she put a little bit of a skip in her step. That fluttering thrill swelled, emanating from her tight waist and tummy to spread throughout her body. Everyone treated her so playfully and with such interest that she just wanted to dance and give them all a show right then and there, naked on the beach. But Cassandra lowered her head, still beaming, and kept moving.
A little way down the shore, she glanced inland again and locked eyes with a tall, pale, thin man holding up a tattooed arm. His short blonde hair was teased upward and he wore a sly smile beneath his sunglasses. Cass returned the smile and the raised hand greeting which prompted him to stride straight to the shoreline and head her off at the pass.
His skin and hair were almost as light as the white sand, contrasting harshly with his black, knee-length swim trunks. As Cass approached, she noticed he was nearly a foot taller than her with well-defined abs.
"What's the matter?" She started, "Is the water too cold for you?"
He leaned his cocky head to one side and chimed back, "No, just working on my tan. Can you not tell?"
Cass chuckled at his paleness, spotting faint blonde hairs scattered on his skin. "No, I couldn't! I like your accent! Where are you from?"
He moved closer and held out a large, firm hand, "Klaus, I am from Deutschland. Germany."
"Oooh," Cass smirked and grabbed it gently, "is Deutschland a big city there?"
He laughed, "No, Deutschland is what we Germans call Germany."
Cass slapped her forehead with another giggle, "I think I knew that, actually! My name's Cassandra."
His eyes were hidden by the shades but by tilting his head forward she knew he was ogling her big bare boobs.
"Do you see something you like, Klaus?" She squeezed her tits together with her arms.
"Ya, I surely do," he answered coolly.
"What do you call them in German, Klaus?"
"Groß schön brüste! Big beautiful boobs."
Cass tossed her long, wet hair back so nothing would block his view of her nakedness.
"I have no shirt for you, but if you like, I lend you my shorts, ya?"
She looked down at his pants. She had seen the wind blowing his trunks around in the corner of her eye but now that she looked closer she realized that something huge, long and hard was pushing against the inside of his left pant leg.
Cass gasped and put a hand over her mouth, squishing her right boob as she did so. He bent over slightly and started pulling down his waistband. She stepped back in surprise and anticipation of some fearsome beast being unleashed, and knocked her bike into the sand.
A short bush of blonde hair surrounded the base of a pale, veiny limb as wide around as the handle of a pool cue but as he slowly lowered his shorts she was appalled to see it became much thicker toward the end, like a baseball bat.
Her cool, flirtatious demeanor vanished. Cass frantically looked around the beach to see a handful of onlookers closely watching the all-but-naked pair.
"Do you like what YOU see, Cassandra?"
She enjoyed the flavor that his accent lended to her name. Glimpsing that veiny, triumphant bastard between his legs made her heart race and her pussy leak; adrenaline or some other sex-craze chemical coursed through her.
"What do you call this in your American tongue?"
He continued easing his black shorts down to reveal more of his incredible hard cock. Cass couldn't take it any longer and pressed in close to him, grabbing the waistband and pulling them up for him. Her huge love pillows smooshed against his lean body.
"Oh my GOD!" She tried to muffle a yell, "You - I - YOU!" she stammered and he grinned like he was the most clever man on Earth.
"Huge fuckin' HORSE COCK!!" She finally blurted out her answer.
Cass had never considered herself a size queen, but it seemed to make quick, simple sense that her huge, soft tits should clash with his huge, hard cock. Her shaken mind rationalized that this was an extremely rare opportunity to conduct a sex-periment.
What happens when a pair of heavenly bodies collide with the blasphemous, monstrous Tower of Babel? A stupid question, to be sure, but she was compelled all the same.
Cassandra's eyes scanned the sand and water as her brain spun in place. And, after several moments of intense focus, she had found it: directly inland from them sat an empty concession stand. With her hand still holding onto his shorts, she pulled him along like a dog on a leash.
"Where we going, baby?" He teased, clearly just as eager as she was.
The busty, slutty blonde's thoughts were stuck on his big beastly dick, thinking how solid and formidable his shaft looked and wondering how it would feel. Cass's round ass and fat titties quaked as she marched through the white sand, ignoring the multitude of gawking and mumbling faces.
Their destination lay where the sand turned to grass: a small, oblong concrete building with an open serving window and colorful signs for ice cream, soda and hot dogs plastered on the outside. Cass let go of Klaus's waistband and vaulted over the counter as smoothly as a vagrant would a subway turnstile. She eyed the German's bulging bratwurst as he did the same.
Now inside the small, shady building, Cass fumbled for a lightswitch as Klaus reached for the shutter and tugged it down. Face-to-face in the tight space, Cass swiftly fell to her knees before Klaus could even take his sunglasses off.
Fluorescent lights hummed overhead as she unveiled the white snake that had been so enthusiastic to introduce itself.
"Do not be scared, he will not bite," Klaus assured her jokingly, as if he could read her mind.
She pulled his shorts down slowly, cautiously, and looked up at the pasty face staring down at her. He was certainly not her usual type of guy but his confidence, or overconfidence, enticed her and now that she had found the root cause of his cock-iness she couldn't help but want a taste.
Klaus still had that shit-eating grin on his face when he planted his hands on either side of the narrow kitchen space. Cass put her head down, wet hair draped over her back as she examined his throbbing third leg.
Six inches of his baseball bat cock were out in the open now, and his light blonde hair covered ball sack hung tight to the base. The next few inches were as terrifically thick as the few before, and she worried that it would be hard to fit him in her mouth - but she knew she would try.
Finally it started to taper ever-so-slightly to a pinkish-red tip, at the reveal of which it broke free from his pants and flew up to WHACK her in the chin. Hard as a rock wrapped in soft leather, the impact made her jump and squeal, much to the German's delight. She raised it up in awe and gazed into his pale blue eyes with reverence. Nuzzling his hot, huge cock against her delicate face, her tight, aching pussy gushed: begging to be filled.
Her salivating mouth went straight for his balls, sucking and pulling at his soft skin and letting his heavy, meaty cock rest and twitch on her shoulder. Moaning and nibbling at his balls, she gazed along the side of his long, thick shaft from the corner of her eye as if she was a rifleman looking down range. It was such a mighty and menacing sight that she dreamt for a moment that the blunt, weighty tool might serve well as a battering ram.
A gentle, firm hand fell atop her head, fingers wiggling into her thick, damp hair. She knew where he wanted her mouth, and with a subtle push on her scalp she let him move her flushed face to his red hot dickhead. Precum already dangled there, glistening, and like a shiny lure to a fish, it prompted her mouth to grab on.
Opening wider than she did for her dentist, Cass flattened and extended her tongue to make a wet, warm bed for his gigantic dick. Her full, pouty lips stretched as they wrapped tightly around his girth. He filled her whole mouth with less than half of his length, and as she pressed both hands on his thighs to pull her head back and suck him off, he throbbed so hard that her head bobbed along with it.
Pleased with the powerful kick of his third leg, she purred and moaned, vibrating his dick with her voice. His body tensed and twitched as he grumbled in pleasure, heading rolling on his shoulders. Cass sucked and slurped and gargled on the German's thick meat, trying not to gag as he blocked and pressed against her airway.
He was so big that he strained every part of her mouth but she could not, would not, stop sucking his cock. Her saliva and his precum were brewing bubbles and viscous strands of silvery drool that splashed down all over her chin, neck, tits and stomach.
The excitement in her heart and her cunt surged as she managed to swallow and spit up another inch of his white snake.
Then another.
Then another.
Then another until she had nearly all of the slimy, writhing serpent down her throat.
Klaus threw out countless guttural noises from his home land, some of them must have been words but most of it just sounded like harsh, addled rambling. It was safe to say that he was enjoying himself, and Cass was too.
Spit and slobber flew this way and that; Cass had more drool swinging from her lips than a hungry bulldog.
Gluck. Glurk. Gluck. Glurk. Gluck. Gluck. Gluck. Glurk.
Cass steadied her huge, wet, wildly bouncing boobs by pinching each of her nipples and letting her forward-backward sucking motions pull them against her fingertips. Moaning, drooling, and burning with desire, Cassandra felt a constant pitter-patter of fluids rain down from her slurping, sucking mouth upon her breasts to stream down into her cleavage.
After several minutes of trance-like dick-slurping, Klaus pushed his hands against her shoulders and wrenched his huge saliva-coated cock free from her lips, holding it up firmly with one hand like a weapon. Cass took a deep breath and puckered her wet, full lips and lowered her eyelids to shield herself from the strike as he swung his veiny baseball bat at her face.
The impact rattled her brain and showered the busty blonde with even more spitty precum. She pouted all the more as she awaited his next swing.
Smack.
Smack.
Smack.
Smack.
He growled at her in his coarse language as he beat her face with his rock hard cock, but her eyes didn't open until he raised her to her feet with an arm under each armpit. His big dick sliding along her sloppy tits and slippery body as she stood.
Klaus leapt back on the narrow, brushed steel countertop and spread his legs around her. Cass moved closer, pressing his blonde-bushed ball sack on her diaphragm and smooshing her enormous, round breasts against his hot crotch.
"Fuck tits. Fuck tits!" He commanded her twice, his accent much thicker than it was before.
Of course that's what she was going to do. She looked into his eyes as she held her huge breasts together, but he was staring into the deep abyss of her cleavage, so she took her time preparing to smother him.
Moving slowly, Cassandra was relishing this opportunity to play a remarkable rendition of 'hide the hot dog' with a footlong frankfurter.
Klaus's deadly still eyes remained locked on her breasts as he sputtered crudely, cruelly, even, "Big fucking titten American fucking WHORE want mein cock, ya? Want mein CUM, fucking TUSSI whore? Ya?"
His harshness sent a chill up her spine. The "k" sounds he made sent brutish spit flying. Rather than reply with words, Cassandra chose to respond by suffocating his big proud prick with her wet, rapturous rack.
The billy club of a cock was trying to fight its way up for air, sliding and pushing with all its might against her heavenly embrace. His red dick head would peep out with every long pump into her tits but the way she jiggled, bounced and danced her fat, slippery knockers put him on the ropes. The busty blonde caressed his fat long cock more softly, tightly, and wetly than he could handle.
"What's the matter, kraut? You stopped talking and now you're just... squirming." She giggled, sneering in his face as his senses were ignited; overpowered.
Cass bit her lower lip, focusing on keeping a firm, but not too firm, grasp on her supple breasts as they bounced against his groin and stroked his throbbing shaft with every wobble, jiggle and wiggle. Faster, harder, faster, harder: she wouldn't stop until he begged or exploded.
Upping the ante further, she bowed her head and started sucking his oozing tip as she titty fucked him. Cass tasted all the precum leaking from Klaus - she loudly slurped it all out, giving him a serious tongue-lashing as she did. Tits still squishing and rubbing against him, he was panting heavily before he cried out in agony, "Stoppen sie zicke!"
Cass was sure she wouldn't like the translation, but she loved the pained expression on Klaus's face as she completely let go of him and watched a creamy white trickle of thick cum pour out of his big throbbing dick. With a satisfied smirk, she teased him, "Now, now, Klaus! Cumming so soon? There's simply no way I can risk putting you in my tight, wet, fertile little pussy now."
Taking a moment to catch his breath as the brief and sudden surge of sperm subsided, he spoke harshly once more, "Flittchen. Schlampe. You no want in pussy, maybe I fuck your asshole then, ya?"
The small, dark kitchen space had gotten hot and steamy just like the pair's tempers. Feeling reckless and nasty, Cass fondled his tremendous, trembling cock with a single fingertip. He looked terrified at her touch, knowing that one more tiny stroke might be all it took for him to fall over the edge, empty his balls and ruin himself before he ever got to fuck her.
"I'll make you a deal, sauerkraut," she told him at finger-point, "if you bury your face in my pretty little asshole and make me cum, then I'll let you stick your dick in there too."
He gestured in frustrated agreement, so Cass spun around on her knees before she could think twice and stuck her ass in the air like a cat in heat. As Klaus positioned himself on the hard floor behind her, she grabbed a can from the counter and gave it a shake. Before his mouth could reach her ass, Cass reached her hand back there, stuck the nozzle of the can in front of his nose, and sprayed a thick dollop of cool whipped cream on her hot, tight asshole. She giggled, then sprayed some on her tongue - it was the first thing she'd eaten all day, besides some of Antonio's cum.
Before she could swallow the sweet cream, Cass's asshole was on the tip of the German's tongue. It had been a long time since anyone had played with that part of her, not to mention tasted it. His hands pressed hard against her round ass cheeks to hold them apart so he could feast unrestrained. His was not the most graceful or caring tongue she had felt on her flesh, but he was tenacious.
On all-fours, she pulled her dripping wet breasts apart so each of her nipples were touching the cool, concrete floor and by doing so created a window to watch him work at her back side. Her still-damp hair splayed on the ground as she peered underneath her body to see his busy mouth and irritatingly impressive schlong swinging as he moved. He moaned into her asshole and it came out of her mouth. Muffled, wet, manly moans going in the rear and her teasing, playful, girly moans coming from the front.
It felt good, having him taste her saltwater-washed ass, but Cassandra was nowhere near cumming. She reached back again and sprayed more and more whipped cream all over Klaus's nose and tongue, giggling all the while. He licked faster and harder, pushing his tongue as deep inside as he could. Cass could tell he was frustratedly trying to make her cum as fast as possible.
"Rub my clit, you silly sauerkraut," she laughed at him. "Don't you know how to use anything but your dick?"
She was watching his big, pendulously swinging cock as he finally took her advice. His hand was covered in whipped cream and her pussy was already more slippery than a baby seal. Whether by luck or not, the tip of his middle finger found her clit right as his tongue found a sweet spot inside her hole.
"Oh fuuuckk!" Cass groaned, shaking her ass in his face and hearing him slurp whipped cream and dirty spit as she did.
The breath of his nose was hot on her ass, and so were his big, firm fingers on her pussy.
"Oh, yes! OH, YES!! Oh, y-y-YOUU!! OHHH!!!"
Cass was watching it happen, paying special attention to the slimy strands of precum drooling from his huge cock, as she came on his face and his fingers. Her body quaked. Quivers ran through and shook every ounce of fantastic fat in her big round tits and ass. The busty blonde bounced and jiggled more wildly than a spastic having a fit under a strobe light.
She hadn't imagined that he would actually make her cum like that. She was certain he wouldn't know how to use any of his parts except his dick. And to cum so hard and so suddenly, Cass was left speechless and flopping like a fish on the floor, shocked.
In between her high, squealing gasps for air, she heard Klaus take the can of whipped cream and shake it before he placed the plastic tip just inside her slobbery, sloppy asshole and gave it a long, full spray inside her. The sudden sensation so cool and wet inside of her made her squirm even more, so he had to grab her hips to keep her still.
Cass knew what was about to happen, and she hadn't imagined that her taunt would come back to haunt her, but there was no way she could stop him now. All she could do was howl as the poorly mannered, well-endowed German stuffed his hot, thick, veiny, monster of a cock inside her tight, wet, cream-filled asshole, stretching it open just as wide as her mouth had been.
It was unbelievable how FILLED she felt. And she knew most of his big baseball bat was still outside, waiting to get in. Every muscle in her arms, legs, neck and face tensed and screamed but she managed to keep her asshole relaxed, for the most part. Just accept it, the busty blonde slut coached herself, just let him deep dick you like the horny little whore you are.
Her face went blank. All thoughts were on the feeling of each and every bit of veiny cock that pushed its way through her wet and creamy backdoor. Cass's asshole swallowed every inch, and it held on tight when any of him tried to pull out. Klaus had no choice but to move slowly if he wanted to fit it all in, and of course he did. Impatient but enthralled, he ranted and raved under his heavy breath as he plunged deeper and deeper inside.
Cream oozed out as he crept in. Now that six inches or more had entered her tight asshole, Cass could feel his heartbeat in his shaft. Each and every heavy throb brought a surge of pained pleasure and terrorizing thrill to her stomach.
Two more inches went in, one inch came out.
Two more inches went in, one inch came out.
Two more inches went in, one inch came out.
Two more inches went in, and finally Cassandra felt his balls slap against her taint and brush her sloppy, wet pussy. She had been completely filled, up to her guts, with dick. She could not ignore her stomach bulging and distending from the immense intruder that impaled her on the sweaty, creamy floor.
Klaus spoke with a hushed voice, straining himself to get every last molecule of his monumental meat inside Cassandra's creamy colon. Eyes and mouth wide open, Cass stared ahead without seeing, and just tried to keep breathing. The whipped cream can that was in her ass was now in her mouth and with a cream-filled mouth, she moaned like a muffled stuck pig as he started fucking her furiously. She couldn't even think of swallowing it, her brain was too pre-cock-upied.
Only a few, thick inches slid in and out at first, but his strokes quickly became longer, and longer, and longer until he was slamming his entire footlong frankfurter in and out of her squelching, farting asshole with full body thrusts. Cock shock had consumed Cassandra and she could not voluntarily move any of the muscles in her body. She couldn't tell him yes or no or remember where she was, but her hungry, slutty little asshole could gulp down and spit out his huge fucking cock a hundred times a minute.
"Cremig verhort arschloch! Holen sie sich, was sie verdienen! Dreckige hurenschlampe! Großbrüstige hure!"
The crudely growled words echoed around the big-tittied blonde's head but none of them entered her brain. She was fixated on the intense invasion of her innards. Whirling, spinning, convulsing but not moving, only twitching: Cassandra felt like her entire being was melting like stone consumed by magma. Nothing had ever felt this powerful. It certainly wasn't as pleasant as her time with - what was his name, Andy? - but it was far, far more gripping.
Seconds, or minutes, possibly even hours passed as he fucked and fucked and fucked her asshole while she laid on her squished love pillows with her round, creamy ass up like an animal. Cass knew she should be ashamed of herself, especially with all the slapping, squelching and farting noises coming from her stuffed asshole, and she was. All she could hear, feel, and smell was potent, overwhelming disgrace and degradation - and FUCK did it make her hot.
Writhing and shrieking, she convulsed on his huge cock in another brute-forced orgasm. It was so intense that she dug her nails into her palms and tensed up every single muscle in her body until they felt like they would all snap.
The sudden spasms rubbed Klaus's cock the right way too, it seemed, because he started stammering and staggering behind her until he slipped his big, long, fat cock right out of her asshole.
A deluge of cream poured from her red hot, aching, and emptied hole as he stumbled over her and unleashed a torrent of white hot seed.
His voice was a whine and hers a desperate yelp as thick, heavy, pearly jizz showered her body from head to toe. Squirming in the hot flash flood of cum, Cass happened to catch some on her face while more landed in her hair and pooled on her lower back. She managed to turn over, in a vain attempt to get less in her hair, and was then blasted with a heavy rain of cum all over her big fat tits.
The biggest shot yet, asyellow-white and thicker than a spaghetti noodle, landed on her neck and trailed down near her bellybutton. In a daze of disbelief, she watched Klaus grab onto his cock like he was trying to get a firehose under control. Another thick spurt of sperm splattered her chin and poured down her huge, quivering boobs.
More and more and even more white hot cum shot and poured from his cannon of a cock until Cassandra's enormous tits were completely painted white and even her knees, feet, and hands were stained with sticky German semen.
When at last their orgasms had begun to subside, the shutter to the concession stand was suddenly thrown wide open and the two of them turned in shock to see a group of three concerned strangers staring back.
"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON IN HERE?" A bald man screamed at them.
A crowd of twenty or more glared in astonishment and disgust. Bewildered, and left hollow from the absence of cock in her asshole, Cass couldn't stop a loud, long, creamy, wet, sputtering fart from escaping her battered butthole. The silence that followed was so deep that she could hear the last dangling droplets of Klaus's cum fall to splat on the concrete.
What Cassandra was experiencing was beyond depravity, it was a greater shame than she could have ever imagined. She could not handle this excruciating level of public humiliation. Reality set in like a hellacious hangover, and so, she ran. Or tried to, anyway.
Her feet were both sticky and slippery with spiteful sperm, making it a struggle to stand and hurdle the counter in escape. Her discoverers on onlookers declined to grab a hold of her obscenely jiggling, semen-soaked body as she scrambled by.
Less than ten yards into her mad, sandy dash, Cassandra fell. She raised her face from the ground, covered with a mask of sand that clung to her cum-covered skin. Bodily fluids dripped off and spilled out of her. The crowd quickly circled and clamored: appalled, pointing, and jeering. The busty blonde bimbo, in complete exhaustion, and with sand-crusted eyes, collapsed again.