Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
*****
Part 03 - Studying starts.
The Sunday was a lot quieter with me doing not a lot until the evening. I phoned daddy to say hello and let him look at my naked body again, and when I was talking to him I asked him if his company had any IT nerds who could help me with a problem accessing the security cameras in the building. I told him that I wanted to see who was at the outside door and which areas of my apartment were covered.
"You do realise that Charles will be able to see what those cameras are recording," daddy said, "he may even be watching you right now."
"That's okay daddy, I don't mind and he's seen me naked a few times already."
"Why doesn't that surprise me? I'll get someone to text a phone number to you and you can phone him when it's convenient."
"Thank you daddy, and don't worry daddy, you can see me naked all the time over Christmas and you can fuck me as much as you like, unless you've got a new girlfriend that you haven't told me about."
"No Georgia, I haven't; and can you accompany me to the firm's Christmas bash?"
"Of course daddy, just let me know when it is."
"Will do, and I'll phone Celeste and ask her to make a dress for you. I'm assuming that you want it to be extremely revealing."
"Of course daddy, and I'm sure that you do as well, you like showing off my body as much as I do."
"That's true, very true, you remind me of your mother so much."
"Daddy, find yourself a girlfriend."
"You're right of course, but ..."
"I know daddy, I know."
After that call I lowered myself onto my sybian and let it bring me to a wonderful orgasm as I thought back to the last time that daddy fucked me.
That sort of brought me to life so I got something to eat then put my remote controlled vibrator in my pussy then logged on to the cam-girl's site where I spent a couple of hours teasing men all over the world and letting them drive me crazy as they controlled the vibrator.
The next morning, Monday, I had to go to my first session at university, it was in the lecture hall and I assumed that it was some sort of general information giving session and I wasn't surprised to see Daniella and Harry arriving in the apartment buildings reception at the same time as I did.
Charles greeted us and reminded us that the maid would be going into our apartments to clean, stock up the fridge, change the linen and take any dry cleaning that we needed doing.
I'd forgotten about it but I wasn't desperate to get any dry cleaning done so I wasn't worried. As we walked and talked I wondered if the maid would be an old lady and she's be shocked at seeing my vibrators and the sybian. Would she even realises what it was? What she wouldn't see was my new vibrator because I'd decided to wear it under the ultra-short skirt that I was wearing. My butt cheeks and slit weren't on display, unless I bent over or sat down. If / when I did that, not only would my nice bits be on display, but so would the purple tail of the vibrator.
I only intended to switch it on if things got boring.
We all walked to the university together then split up as both Daniella and Harry said that they wanted to meet their new classmates.
My first session was in a big sort of theatre and there must have been a couple of hundred new students there. The seating is like in an amphitheatre and when I sat down my bare butt was on the cold seat. As usual I sat in an un-ladylike way and as other students filled the rows in front and below, the opportunist voyeurs looked up my bare legs and saw my slit and purple antenna.
Two young men who were walking along the row in front of me stopped and sat immediately in front of me. I smiled at them but I don't think that they saw me, their eyes were way too low.
Throughout the talk on the way that things worked at the university and what was expected of us, the 2 young men kept turning to face each other and sneak a quick look up my legs. I was enjoying the attention and let my knees drift as far apart as I dare. At the end they timed their exit to match mine and tried to hit on me. I was tempted but brushed them off, not really having the time to deal with admirers like that. Besides, I like the teasing.
That one session was all that I had to attend that first day so I headed off back to my apartment, enjoying the cool air tickling my pussy as I walked.
Charles greeted me and handed me 2 packages that had arrived for me. I'd just got into my apartment and stripped off when there was a knock on my door. I didn't bother putting anything on and went to open the door. It was the maid, but I was surprised to see that she wasn't that much older than me. She wasn't wearing a French maid's outfit which I guess would have pleased the guys, just jeans and a T shirt.
"Oh," she said, "I can come back later if you like."
"No, no, come in, I've only just got back from the university."
"Shall I wait until you've put some clothes on?"
"Oh, no, I'm usually naked at home, but if it offends you I could put something on."
"No, it doesn't bother me, I was just thinking about you."
"Well thank you, but I'm not bothered by people seeing me naked. I'm Georgia, what shall I call you?"
"Mary, you don't want me to call you madam or something like that?"
"Hell no, my daddy may be able to afford to rent this place for me but I'm just a lucky, ordinary girl who is not stuck-up at all."
"Good, I'm pleased to hear that Georgia, thank you, it will make my job much easier."
"Okay, I'll leave you to get on then, if there's anything that you want just ask."
I let Mary get on with her job while I opened one of my new delivered packages and read the instructions leaflet. I knew that the device had the potential to kill a girl so I needed to know all about the settings before I tried it.
I got interrupted by Mary who looked at the device with a puzzled look on her face but I didn't tell her what it was.
"Georgia, sorry to interrupt but I could do with a couple of answers. Firstly, is there anything that that you do or do not want me to stock up the fridge with, and secondly, have you any clothes that need cleaning?"
"Oh yes, good idea, no point in wasting anything that I'll never eat."
I went over to the fridge with her and we sorted out a list of things, then we went into the bedroom and I looked at the clothes that I'd discarded when I'd stripped off each time.
"Shall I assume that if anything is in the laundry basket, or on the floor, needs cleaning?" Mary asked.
"Yes, sorry, I'll try to get into the habit of using the laundry basket."
"That's okay, you should see the boy's rooms."
"I can imagine."
"Clothes everywhere, terrible mess in the kitchen area and porn videos playing on loop."
"Was the video any good?" I asked.
Mary laughed and told me it was a naked girl running through some woods and hiding. She hadn't watched any more, just switched the TV off.
Mary was done and she left saying that she's be back on Thursday and I got back to my new toy.
Satisfied that I knew enough not to kill myself, I slid the cold metal dildo into my very wet vagina. My pulse was racing as I slowly turned the knob to setting 1 to send electricity to the dildo. At first it was just a little tingling so I turned the knob up to the 2, then a 3.
Then it got to the point where my whole body was shaking so I turned it off and read the instructions some more. Then I set the timer to 10 seconds and lay on the sofa, 2 wires trailing from the external end of the dildo to the control box and a mains cable from there to a socket on the extension lead that Charles had brought for me.
I took a deep breath and turned the knob to 4. I yelped as the pain hit me and my whole body started shaking.
The 10 seconds expired and my body relaxed. I could feel my pussy generating a lot of juice and putting my hand there I realised that the dildo had slipped out a little.
I pushed it back in as far as it would go without hurting me, then, checking that the timer was still set for 10 seconds I turned the knob to 5 and screamed.
Oh my gawd, if you've ever seen someone get electrocuted in a movie you'd know how my body was jerking about. The electricity was reaching every muscle in my body, and that included my pussy muscles. I could feel them contracting and releasing over and over. Later, thinking back, I realised that that was a good way to do kegel exercises.
Anyway, the 10 seconds expired and my body relaxed. I lay there for ages, getting my breath back and deciding if I was brave enough to try the final setting, 6. After my heart rate got back to something like normal I said,
"Fuck it," checked the timer, turned the knob to 6 and immediately screamed again.
Oh my gawd, I thought that I was dying. Every muscle in my poor little body was being tortured and I was cumming at the same time, although the feeling were very mixed.
When the 10 seconds was up I just lay there trying to make up my mind if I wanted to do that again or not. My mind drifted and I remembered that I wanted daddy's nerd to get me access to the cameras in the building. I reached for my phone but remembered the other package that had arrived for me.
It was just beside the sofa so I got it and quickly opened it. I was pleased to find the wireless webcam.
As I set it up 2 thoughts crossed my mind, firstly would it work down in the workout room or beside the pool; and secondly, I was finally going to get an answer to what I do when I'm asleep. Two things that I'd get answers to within the next 24 hours. I put the webcam down on the coffee table and smiled when I saw that I'd accidentally put it down so that it was capturing an image of my pussy complete with metal dildo sticking out. I reached for my phone. The text was there so I called the number.
"I.T., Peter speaking, how may I help you?"
"Oh Hi Peter, this is Georgia, I believe that my father has spoken to you and told you about the little challenge that I have."
"Oh yes Georgia, I'm sure that I can get you access to the cameras but I will need access to your laptop."
"Shall I get it shipped to you or can you come down here Peter?"
"No need for any of that Georgia, all I need you to do is follow a few simple instructions and it will be like I'm sat in front of your laptop."
"Good, I must catch up with all the latest computer things."
"That's okay Georgia, first I want you to press and hold the Windows key, that's the 1 at the bottom left of your keyboard with the 4 little white squares."
I did, and then followed the rest of Peter's instructions until things were changing on both the laptop screen and the huge TV screen on the wall.
"Okay Georgia, I'm in, I'll open a NotePad window that we can message each other on."
"Okay Peter."
I watched as a NotePad window opened and Peter started typing.
'So you would like access to the streams from all the cameras on the building's network?'
'Yes please. And can you load some software that will make accessing them easy?'
'Sure, just relax and watch what I'm doing or go and make a coffee or something. By the way Georgia, I like your outfit.'
I gasped for a second then looked up at the TV and there I was in all my naked glory on 2 little windows, one was from my laptop's camera and the other from my new wireless webcam complete with the metal dildo still inside my vagina.
'Oops, sorry, I didn't think that you'd be able to see me.'
'I sort of gathered that, but you are even more beautiful than when I last saw you.'
'When was that?'
'At the dinner and dance Christmas before last. You were wearing an amazing, long, black dress.'
'The see-through one, yes, I remember, did we dance together?.'
'Only for a short while before your father stepped in. I'll get on with the task to hand.'
The conversation stopped and all sorts of windows and numbers and typing gobbledygook popped-up then disappeared, all on the TV with 2 small windows at the top right, both with me still sat there totally naked and the metal dildo still in my vagina.
About 10 minutes later a new app opened and within in it more little windows each with what I assumed was the image that the appropriate camera was capturing. There must have been a good 2 dozen little windows open on the screen and I could make out Charles sat at his desk also looking at the same 2 dozen little windows. I could also make out a naked Riley walking around her apartment. What I also noticed was that there were only 4 images of bedrooms and all 4 beds had pink sheets. I smiled and thought,
"Charles, you naughty little, old man."
Then more text started appearing in the NotePad window.
'All done, the guy who set it all up wasn't very imaginative when it came to passwords and that network one in front of you took a little longer to crack. You now have the same software as that guy on reception but he can't see what you are doing. All you have to do it click on 1 of the little windows and it will zoom to full screen. Press Escape and it will be minimised again. I see that all the cameras are motion activated so I have set the software to write everything that is captured to your cloud drive and to keep the last weeks recordings. They're all mp4 files. You can access them from the 'Archive' button at the top of the screen and I'm assuming that you know how to copy files if you want to save a particular video. Anything else that I can do for you while I'm still connected?'
'Just hang on a minute while I make sure that I can work this lot.'
I clicked on the camera in Riley's room and saw that she was doing something facing the camera, still totally naked. I noticed a '+' and a '-' sign at the bottom right of the screen and clicked on the '+'. The image on the big TV zoomed in so much that I could see her bald slit and her clit poking out.
I smiled and zoomed out. Then I went to the little window with the image that my new webcam was capturing, and zoomed in. I again smiled as my slightly open and wet pussy filled the screen. I left it like that and went back to NotePad.
'I think that I've got it now."'
'Good, anything else Georgia?'
'I don't think so but can I keep your number just in case I need your help again?'
'It would be my pleasure Georgia. And thank you for not closing your webcams window. Enjoy the rest of your day.'
'Thank you Pete - bye.'
The remote control little window closed and I sat there wondering if Pete had been recording what my laptops cameras had been seeing, Had he been watching, and recording me idly rubbing my clit with the metal dildo still inside me while he worked? I smiled and hoped so.
I closed the app knowing that I'd be back to it soon.
Then I pulled the metal dildo out of me, still not sure that I wanted it inside me again again, and put it back in its box.
Satisfied with my afternoon's work I got up and made myself a coffee then sat looking out of the window to see if anyone was looking over my way. As I scanned the buildings I remembered that both Daniella's and Roxy's rooms have windows above and below me,
"Could they be flashing their cute bodies to the students and office workers as well?"
I decided to check that out the next time that I opened my new spy app.
Coffee finished I decided that it was exercise time, but this time if there was no one there to watch me I was going use my remote controlled vibe to make it more interesting. I grabbed the things that I'd need, including the new Wi-Fi camera, and headed down the stairs to the workout room.
I wasn't really expecting anyone to be there and I wasn't disappointed so I put my belongings down, switched on the camera and propped it up pointing towards the machines.
I exercised on each of the first 4 machines, increasing the resistance a little and doing a couple more reps, then, as I was having a drink of water before going to the exercise cycle, in walked Riley wearing lycra shorts and top.
"Oh," Riley said, "I didn't realise that it was clothing optional in here."
"It isn't." I replied, "girls have to workout naked."
"Oh, that's discrimination isn't it?"
"I guess that it is, but there's no men here and after all, girls were born to be naked in front of men weren't they?"
"Daddy used to say that as well."
"So you were naked at home before you came here Riley? My daddy had me stay naked for most of the year that I was in Ibiza. Well when I was on and around the yacht and the beaches which was nearly all the time."
"Yes, when I was home after finishing school this last June, daddy told me that I had to be naked all the time too."
"Didn't your mother say anything?"
"No, she always does what daddy tells her, and my brothers didn't complain either."
"You've got brothers?"
"Yes, 2, twins, a year older than me."
"Cool." I replied, then continued,
"And we were naked last Saturday evening and the guys acted like they spent a lot of time around naked girls so I guess that we are meant to be naked as often as we can. I stay naked all the time that I'm in my apartment, even when the maid came to clean."
"I put a robe on when she came to my place."
"So you were naked before and after the maid was there?
"Yes, daddy told me to only get dressed when I went out. I hope that he doesn't find out that I put a robe on when the maid came. If he finds out he might spank me."
"Do you like being spanked Riley?"
"No and yes, at first it hurts but then it feels nice. I actually had an orgasm two times that daddy spanked me last month."
"You're not the only girl that orgasms when they get spanked Riley, lots do so don't worry about it and cumming in front of men is what girls are supposed to do. Isn't that right Riley?"
"I guess so, Daddy liked it. He even told me to be a good girl and to make myself cum when he or my brothers were watching me."
"Nice. so come on, get those clothes off and get started, I'm going to get on the exercise cycle."
Riley did, and I did as well, that is after I'd raised the saddle. Pedalling with a bare pussy and a purple antenna going from one side of my clit to the other as I pedalled is even more arousing that without the antenna, and combined with me having turned the vibrator on to low before I started, I was cumming soon after I started pedalling.
I kept pedalling until I'd cum 4 times, not even looking over to Riley. When I decided that I needed a rest I stopped pedalling and just sat there. The weight of my body and the purple antenna pressing on my clit.
"Jeez was that good, just what I needed after a hard day at University."
"You were only there for a couple of hours Georgia."
"I know but I still needed that, you should have a go Riley, you'll enjoy it. It doesn't matter that there aren't any men here to watch you, you can still enjoy yourself."
"Well alright then, but I'll need the saddle lowering."
I started to raise it and Riley said,
"No Georgia, lower it not raise it."
"No Riley, you need it raising, you're taller than me. Trust me, climb on and start pedalling."
"Giving me a funny look, Riley climbed on and started pedalling."
"What's that purple thing between your legs Georgia?"
"It's a vibrator."
"Oh, the girls at school used to talk about dildos and vibrators but I've never seen one."
"Well university is a great place to try new things." I said,
"And what happens at university stays at university." Riley added.
"Yes but dildos and vibrators aren't just for when you are at university Riley, you'll still be playing with your girl toys in 20, 30, 40, even 50 years time."
"Will I? Wow, I never thought about that."
Things went silent for a while as Riley's orgasm took control of her for a minute or so then she asked,
"I guess that maybe I should get some of those toys then, would you help me choose them because I have no idea what to get."
Soon Riley had managed another orgasm on the bike and I had led her to the mats and told her to do what I did.
After a couple of very exposing exercises Riley said,
"Wow Georgia, these exercises really do expose my pussy a lot, it's a good job that there aren't any men her to see us."
"No Riley, it's a crying shame that there aren't any men here to see us. Remember me telling you that girls are supposed to be seen naked by men, and that means all of our girl parts."
"Oh yes, and daddy says that as well."
"So we WANT men to see us with our legs spread wide and our pussies as wet as both ours are right now."
"I can't help it being wet, that cycle made me cum twice and I'm always wet after I cum."
"That's a good thing Riley, men like seeing that girls are wet. It makes them like us more and you like to be liked don't you?"
"Of course I do."
"So a wet pussy is a good thing."
"Yes, I guess that it is."
"The wetter the better so if you really want men to like you you need to keep rubbing your pussy to make sure that it's wet all the time."
Riley replied,
"I remember the first time that I had an orgasm and my pussy was all wet after that. It was my gynaecologist when daddy took me to go on the pill. He asked me if I knew what an orgasm was and when I told him that I'd heard of them but never had one, that I knew of, he used his fingers to give me one. I was very wet for ages after that and I was glad that I was wearing thick knickers for the journey home."
"Well you don't want to be covering your wet pussy with knickers Riley, not even thongs. It's much healthier for a girl to ventilate her pussy all the time."
"So should I stop wearing knickers then?"
"Yes, and shorts and jeans and trousers and tights as well. In winter you need to wear stockings and suspenders to keep warm."
"I've never worn proper stockings."
"Neither have I Riley, so this winter is going to be a first for both of us."
After we finished all the exercises and were walking to the pool, Riley said,
"It's going to be a new me that goes home at Christmas, I hope that daddy likes me."
"I'm sure that he will, but you can facetime him lots of times before and let him see you with, and without, your new clothes on."
"Yes, that will be good."
"And you can let him watch you use your new vibrators and dildos."
"Yes, that will be good too, I'm sure that he'll like that, Luke and Toby as well."
"Is that what your brothers are called?"
"Yes. Do you want them to see you as well?"
"Of course, all good girls want their friends fathers and brothers to see them naked."
"Yes, are you going to let your father see me naked?"
"First chance that I get, he'll love you."
"Does he fuck you Georgia?"
"Yes, but not very often, he's a busy man and away from home a lot."
"I'll let my father and brothers fuck me if they ask, or just do it."
"Good girl Riley. Men like to fuck their daughters and sisters."
By then we'd jumped into the pool, swum a couple of lengths and I was leading Riley to the water jet. I let her have a go first and I got out of the pool and held her feet so that she could properly relax for the 2 orgasms that the water jet gave her before I released her and let the water pressure take her to the middle of the pool.
Then we swapped places and she held my ankles for 2 glorious orgasms before I got out and took her to the sauna. In there I told her to sit at one end of the bench with one foot on the bench and the other on the floor so that her pussy was fully exposed.
I sat at the other end of the bench in the same way. As I looked at her, and her pussy, I said,
"Do you shave your pussy Riley?"
"Every day, daddy told me that I have to."
"I'm sure that Charles will know of a place where you can get your pussy hair permanently removed. Your daddy would like that wouldn't he?"
"Yes, I'm sure that he would but that's a bit of a personal question to be asking Charles isn't it?"
"Yes, but that's what Charles is here for, I'm sure that we could ask him where we could go to get fucked by rich business men if we wanted to and that he's be happy to help us."
"You think so, but wouldn't you be embarrassed to ask him something like that?"
"No more than I would be to ask him to get me a box of tampons. Talking about rich business men, I wonder if there is a place around here where rich business men and dignitaries and the top men from public services meet, and if they do invite young girls to show-off their bodies to them. It would be a good place for us to go to get known by the top people."
"You'd do that? Would you let them fuck you as well?"
"Yes, and so should you Riley. Remember, it's not WHAT you know, but WHO you know, and what better place to get to know these top people than when we are at university."
"Hmm, I guess that you're right Georgia, we've got a few things to talk to Charles about."
"Maybe we should make a list?" I joked.
"No need, I'll remember them all, I've got a good memory, I'm told that I have a photographic memory. That's what got me straight 'A's at school."
"That explains a few things." I thought, "but you're a nice girl, I like you even if I am manipulating you a bit, but you'll have a lot of fun coming along for the ride so I don't feel guilty."
"Georgia, do you think that men would like it if a girl were to play with her pussy in a situation like this? I mean, it could get a bit boring just sitting in a sauna."
"Yes Riley, I'm sure that men would love to watch you masturbating and even making yourself cum in a sauna. Have you warmed up enough yet, shall we go and talk to Charles?"
"Okay then. I'll have a quick shower then put my clothes on. I didn't see any clothes for you Georgia so shall I wait while you go and get some?"
"No, I came down here like this, and don't you bother putting your clothes on, we can go and see Charles like this."
"But we're naked."
"And what did we say about men liking seeing girls naked Riley?"
"Well yes, but, okay then, I guess that it will be okay."
"It's not like he hasn't seen us naked before."
"He hasn't seen me naked before, I'd have remembered."
"Well then he's in for a treat isn't he?" I replied and thought about the cameras in her room.
As we got out of the sauna and showered I said,
"And we need to get you a whole new wardrobe Riley, one that shows your assets more."
"You mean like your skirts and tops Georgia, are all your other clothes are as revealing as those that I have seen you wearing so far, if so I don't know if I can wear clothes like that."
"Do you think that your father and brothers would like to see you wearing clothes like I do?"
"Not at home, daddy's told me that I can't wear clothes at home, but when we go out I'm sure that they would."
"Well don't forget that at university the students are expected to be liberated, wear whatever they like, and wouldn't it make you feel good going out wearing clothes like I do, I feel aroused every time that I step out of the door."
"I guess so, I do like feeling aroused."
"I know what we'll do Riley, when we're finished here we'll go and talk to Charles. I'm told that he can get us absolutely anything that we want so a place where we can get some clothes made specially for you shouldn't be too difficult for him."
"Can't we just go into town into some of those so called fashion shops?"
"I doubt that they'll sell what I have in mind. When we go to see Charles I'll ask him. I doubt that he'll know a place straight away so tomorrow, are you free tomorrow afternoon?"
"Yes, only got a lesson in the morning."
"So have I, so we'll go into town in the afternoon and see what we can find. I could do with finding out what's in fashion at the moment. If we don't find anything, or enough, we'll wait until Charles gets back to us the go and see whoever and get some nice clothes made for you. Are you onboard with that Riley?"
"I guess so."
"Then when you've got your new clothes you can do a facetime session with your father and see if he approves."
"Okay, will you be with me just in case he goes mad?"
"I can be, if that's what you want." I replied hoping that she did.
"Please Georgia."
"Okay, in the meantime, I'm coming up to your apartment and we'll go through what you've got and get rid of all the frumpy clothes."
"Okay."
We showered, dried, picked up our things and walked out into reception, me walking as if I owned the place and Riley following looking a bit nervous, but not covering herself.
"Good afternoon ladies, how may I help you?"
"Hi Charles," I replied, "Riley needs a new wardrobe and we're looking for someone who can make her a bespoke wardrobe of clothes that are similar to the ones that I wear."
"Ah yes, I helped James unpack yours and hang them in your apartment. I think that I might just know someone, please give me a minute, her name and number will be in my apartment. If you could bare with me for a minute."
Charles got to his feet and briskly walked to a door that I'd seen before but didn't know what was behind it.
"There Riley, I told you that Charles would be okay with us being naked here, he must have seen dozens of naked residents over the years."
"Okay, I'm starting to relax."
Charles reappeared with a piece of paper in his hand.
"Yes, I was right, I'll just call her and see when she can fit you in."
"We listened to the one side of the call, the relevant parts being,
"and the young lady would like the clothes to be revealing and risqué."
and
"no, she's quite slim."
I smiled and wondered if he was talking to Celeste.
We agreed on an 11 am on Wednesday appointment which Riley and I both knew that we were able to make.
"Excellent, thank you Charles," I said, "now, we're looking for a sort of club, one where rich business men, dignitaries and the top men from all the public services meet. Do you know of one in, or around Bristol?"
"I have heard of such an organisation."
"And do they invite young ladies to their meetings to entertain them?"
"I believe so."
"And would you know how a young lady gets invited to these events? Are they usually girls from the university?"
"I don't, but I'm sure that I can find out."
"Good, I think that I know 3 or 4 young ladies that would like to be part of the entertainment."
"Leave it with me ladies, is there anything else that I can help you with?"
"Yes Charles, we're looking for a good place to get hair depilation done, laser treatment and also body piercing."
"Hmm, I don't know of one place that does both but I've recommended places to previous residents and they mentioned their satisfaction. Shall I phone and make an appointment for you?"
"No, not yet, we'll ask you again next week."
"Very well, anything else?"
"Not that I can think of Charles, how about you Riley?"
I was half expecting Riley to stumble through a reply but she quite coherently replied,
"No, that's it, you've remembered everything Georgia."
"Right Charles, thank you, and could you arrange for a taxi for Wednesday morning?"
"Consider it done ladies."
Riley and I turned and headed to the lift. As soon as the doors closed I said,
"Did you see Charles looking at our pussies as we walked up to him and our butts as we walked away?"
"No, how did you see that?"
"Reflection in the windows."
"Oh, I didn't think to look there. Does that mean that people outside could see us as well?"
"I don't know, I hope so."
The lift pinged and we got out on the second floor and turned left to Riley's apartment. Inside it looked a mirror image on mine except the view from the window wasn't as good, just a building with a few small windows, not much chance of Riley being seen naked, well, apart from the cameras.
"So, let's have a look at your clothes Riley."
"Okay, but I hope that you're not going to throw them all out, I need something to wear until I get my new ones."
"I'd offer to lend you some of mine but I'm a lot smaller than you."
"True, let's start at that end, the drawers."
"Good idea Riley, let's put all the 'never to be worn again' into the laundry basket then leave a note for the maid telling her to bin them or give them away."
"Okay."
Into the laundry basket went all Riley's underwear, jeans, short and trousers, and nearly all her skirts, dresses and half of her tops. Three of her skirts and one of her dresses would be okay after I got to work on them with the kitchen scissors.
One is a denim skirt and I cut it so that it covered her butt then a bit shorter at the front so that it didn't quite cover her slit. Another skirt is a cotton flared summer skirt. I cut that so that was a couple of centimetres below her butt and pussy.
"Great for wearing when it's breezy." I thought.
As I was shortening them Riley said,
"You're cutting too much off them, they won't cover my butt."
"Yes they will, just, and that's the idea, remember, you want the men to see the bottom of your butt cheeks, that way they'll be wanting to see more of you, and that's what men want."
"To see my naked body, yes, I get it, and I want to show them it, but outside on the street or in the university, I don't want to get arrested."
"Then don't bend over if there is a policeman around."
"Okay, but that skirt, the material is so thin that even the slightest breeze will blow it up around my waist and it's so light that I may never know."
"That would be out of your control, an accident, and you can't get arrested for accidents. I wear skirts that light quite a lot especially when it's windy because I like having accidents. Only the other day I wore one and had a few accidents on the way to the university, and I probably had more than I realised because the material was so thin and I couldn't tell if it was up or down. It felt like I was walking around bottomless and a lot of men got to see my butt and pussy, just what we want isn't it Riley?"
"Yes Georgia, men to see our butts and pussies."
I got her to put on the 'keep' tops and if they covered her butt I told her to wear them as dresses.
"But I won't be able to bend over or sit down. Even with my legs crossed everyone will be able to see my legs right up to my hips."
"Riley, have you ever seen me cross my legs?"
"No."
"And from now on you will never cross your legs."
"But."
"Remember what we are trying to achieve here Riley, people, especially the men seeing your pussy and butt."
"Oh yes, sorry. I'd better make sure that I have a good shave each morning."
"No, let it grow for a few days so that it's easier for the woman to kill all the hairs with the laser treatment."
"Will it hurt?"
"Not as much as waxing."
"I've never been waxed."
"Neither have I but I've seen a few videos and the girls were actually screaming."
"Ouch, thank you for choosing laser treatment Georgia."
"Laser treatment stands a good chance of killing the follicles permanently but you will need an extra treatment every few months just kill off any new follicles, our bodies try to replace hair follicles that have gone so it grows ones next to where the old ones were. I've got a few that need killing off, look."
Riley put her face right in front of my pussy and I pointed out a couple of new hairs.
When we reached the end of the storage 90 percent of Riley's clothes were in, or near the laundry bin.
"Wow, I haven't got much left to wear."
"I'm sure that you've got enough but if you get worried come and see me, 1 floor up on the right."
"I might just be up there in the morning, I've got a class and I might just be nervous about going wearing so little."
"I've got a class in the morning as well. If you like we could walk up there together."
"I'd like that."
"Now, we need to order you some toys, where's your laptop?"
We spent about an hour ordering a few items for her with her being amazed at what was available, then I told her that I had to go because I had things to do.
My first task when I got back to my apartment was to review the video footage that had been recorded since Pete had setup my laptop.
I smiled as I watched Matt having a wank while watching a porn movie. I watched Roxy arrive home, strip naked and slowly rub her pussy until she orgasmed. Then I found the video of the action in the workout room.
Wow, the resolution of my Wi-Fi camera was amazing, as it recorded Riley and me exercising on the mats I hit pause and could easily see every little fold of Riley's lips and even into the very wet entrance of her vagina.
Then I skipped to a good capture of my pussy. No lips but my clit was sticking out nicely and I could see into my vagina as well. I decided to keep that video and do a screen capture and use it as my laptop wallpaper.
I'd just got that done when I had a brainwave. It was starting to get dark and I hadn't eaten much all day so I went and got out a skirt and top for me and 2 stretch tube tops for Riley. They'd be tight on me, but on Riley they'd be really tight, and one was to be worn as a skirt.
Putting my skirt and top on then putting my amex card in my phone case, I checked that my nipples were really sticking out and that the skirt would go up in the slightest breeze, I grabbed my phone and went to Riley's place.
"Going out Georgia?" Riley asked when she saw me.
"When did you last eat?" I asked.
"This morning, why?"
"Put these on, we're going out to eat."
Riley looked at the tops and said,
"Why 2 tops and no skirt, I can't go out without a skirt."
"Wear 1 top as a skirt."
"But they're yours, they're way too small."
"Put them on Riley."
She did, really struggling to pull them up. Finally satisfied that she'd covered as much as she could she laughed and said,
"I can't go out like this, I look like a hooker."
"Have you ever seen a hooker Riley?"
"I don't know."
"Right then, let's go."
By the time we got to the lift Riley's 'skirt' had ridden up and the bottom of her butt cheeks were showing. She pulled it down again but by the time we got out onto the street it was up again.
"This is crazy, I can't walk around like this."
"What about me," I said as my skirt inverted and I didn't pull it down and let gravity slowly return it to where it should be.
"Fuck Georgia, we're worse than hookers."
"Nice isn't it. Feel that breeze on your pussy, doesn't that feel good?"
"Yes it does."
"Come on Riley, let's walk."
"I'm nervous Georgia, what happens if someone sees us?"
"I thought that that was what you wanted, men to see you as near as naked as possible."
"It is but ..."
"Relax Riley, act like you're wearing a nun's habit."
"Err no thank you, I don't know how those women wear those things."
"Just relax and walk Riley."
We did, and I linked arms to try to stop her pulling her 'skirt' down properly.
"Where are we going?" Riley asked.
"McDonalds, I saw one when I went out for a walk the other day."
"I've never been to a McDonalds."
"Neither have I, but it can't be that bad, there's McDonalds everywhere."
As we walked I asked Riley how she was doing.
"Exposed, naughty, nice, horny, shall I go on? I wonder if hookers feel like this?"
"Just like me then."
We got to McDonalds and stopped outside.. Riley pulled her 'skirt' down to cover her butt and said,
"Are we really going in there, look at all those men in there."
"Yes we are, come on Riley."
We walked in and to say that we got stared at is an understatement. I could hear all the people talking when we walked in but that noise rapidly reduced to virtually nothing as we stood at one of the ordering screens and worked out how to order. We also had to decide what to order. Neither of us had a clue so we looked around to see what others were eating and ordered a couple of cheese burgers, fries and colas then we went and sat at a table.
"See Riley, men like looking at you."
"That's hardly surprising, this top is so tight and thin that I can see the colour of my areolas and my bare butt is sat on this plastic seat. I hate to think what the man sat opposite me can see."
"Your pussy I hope, I'm glad that you remembered to not cross your legs. Open your knees a bit Riley and let him have a better look."
I watched as Riley opened her knees as wide as mine were.
We were still discussing how wet out pussies were and how much of our juices were leaking out onto the seat, when our food arrived. The poor young man had trouble lifting his eyes up from our slits which were both visible from where he was stood.
We giggled a bit as the young man finally left, telling us to enjoy our food.
It was okay actually, much better than I imagined and it wasn't long before it was all in our stomachs.
"That man's fries must be cold by now." Riley said.
"Do you care?" I asked.
"No."
We got up and Riley immediately started pulling the 'skirt' down to cover her butt and slit then we started to leave.
"Oops." I said, "I guess that we're supposed to clear our table. Come on Riley, let's get our trays."
Back at our table I made sure that we were stood in the walkway when we bent over to pickup the trays. When I stood up I looked and saw about half a dozen men staring at our butts. Riley grabbed my hand and started puling me towards the rubbish bins.
"Sorry." I said as we tipped our rubbish into the bin, "I was just enjoying those men staring at me. I told you that men like looking at cute young ladies wearing next to nothing."
"You did Georgia, and you are right. What's more it IS nice being looked at. Why didn't I realise this years ago?"
"I think that girls aren't programmed to realise it until they get to our age, and when we do our fathers help us realise it by making us strip naked and spanking us."
"Thank you daddy." Riley said as if he was stood beside her.
"Come on girl, let's walk some more and please the eyes of more men."
We did, Riley only puling her 'skirt' down when it got over her butt cheek or we saw a policeman, and me ignoring my skirt totally.
We were 2 happy girls when we got back to the apartments and I was sure that Riley wouldn't be too nervous when she went to university the next day.
I did my evening bathroom routine, waved to any of the students that may just have been watching me, then took my new Wi-Fi camera to bed. Laying on top of the bed, as usual, with the lights still on, I spread my legs as wide as was comfortable and placed the camera between my knees.
"When I look at the footage in the morning and I see that the camera has moved, or I have moved," I thought, "I'll tie my ankles and one wrist to the corners of the bed tomorrow night."
Then I closed my eyes.
******