First story, sorta nervous. Feedback and suggestions welcome!
____________________________________________________________________
The Tinder date was solid. It was a few drinks. Good sign - no Budweiser was ordered during this time. He was hot, not an a-hole, and seemed to have his shit together (A car! A house!). When he messaged me a few days later, I was cautiously optimistic. But ice fishing? Really?! Okay, this was his idea of a fun second date. I could roll with it ("don't judge, stop judging," running through my brain). Look on the bright side, I decided, it was outside in public, so safe. If it sucked, I would claim to be freezing and ask to leave. I'd certainly done more boring things on second dates. There was that terrible one at the potato museum. Sadly, can't scrub that from my memory. He mentioned his buddy and his buddy's girlfriend might be out on the lake, it could be a way to get a better sense of him. Always good to check out the friends.
Date day has arrived. Sunny, mid-20 degrees, and luckily no wind. This might not be too bad. I spent an inordinate amount of time getting ready this morning, particularly for something where I'll be bundled in a winter coat and gloves. I'm excited to wear my new jeans. When I tried them on in the store, my friend swore that they gave me an ass she wanted to stick her tongue into. Always good to have friends that encourage bad behavior.
My fresh black mani/pedi and bikini wax at least boost my confidence. To add to that, I slide into my new black lace thong. I way overpaid for it, but come on, it has crystals that line the fabric rubbing against my pussy. I can surely skip a few lattes to have crystals in my cunt. No need for a bra, as we'll be bundled up. That said, I have been told that my breasts are one of my finer assets. I've had many a man be thrilled to cum on them.
Oh, it's time. He pulls up in front of my place. Range Rover. Nice ride can't complain. I jump in the car, give his arm a squeeze. We drive about 20 minutes, conversation flows smoothly. Chat about work, the music we like, favorite restaurants. He's funny, sarcastic. My kind of guy. We've arrived - big frozen body of water spread out in front of us. A lot of people out on this thing--some people by themselves with their sleds and supplies all around them. Small groups, two or three hearty souls. I see a few families, little ones sliding on the ice. A bunch of shanties as well. Guess people really get into this stuff. He says his buddy set up a shanty last night so we can stay warm.
Walking across the ice, the crunchy noise is almost soothing. Everything is glistening in the brightness of the day. The sun helps offset the cold. I use this time to get the download. The friend is from high school, name's Sean. Sean's girlfriend is Lydia, they've been together for about six months. He says Sean and Lydia met on Fling.com. Never heard of it, but if they've been together for a bit, it's more than a fling.
We get to a big blue shanty, maybe halfway across the lake. He pulls back the door, steps in. I can feel the heat and smell the sweet scent of weed. Might not be as dull as I thought. My eyes adjust to the dim shanty light. It's warm enough that Sean's jacket is tossed aside, he's wearing jeans and a zip-up hoodie. First thought -- nice ass. Sean's ripped, with ink showing under his sleeves and a cocky grin. He's got attitude. I like attitude.
Lydia is one of those "perfect girls," long silky black hair, a smile to light up a room. Damn, she's got amazing cleavage rising from her tight scoop-neck t-shirt. Ugh, I think she might have noticed me looking and arched her back a bit.
Me? I fall in the "cute" category, but I've never found a shortage of men who like their women with a side of wholesome. When they realize the things I like done to me in bed, or hell, anywhere for that matter, they are pleasantly surprised by the contradiction.
"She's not sold on this ice fishing thing, so you have to give her time to warm up," my date declares, nodding at me with a smile.
"Got the right stuff to start us off," says Sean, pulling a bottle of brandy from a cooler. This is Wisconsin, brandy is mandatory. We pass the bottle around. I'm nervous. The warm burn of the alcohol is soothing. The weed is the perfect accompaniment. I start to settle in, checking things out. There are two wide bunk-looking things, one on each side of the structure. A bunch of fishing gear is strewn around, but I couldn't care less about it.
Sean and Lydia sit on the right bunk. He's running his hand through her hair. Sean gets the conversation rolling, "Hey, sit down, relax. Just because we're on the middle of a lake in the dead of winter doesn't mean everything has to suck. Well, I do appreciate some things that suck," he says, with a smile at Lydia. There's that attitude of his coming through.
It is warm in here, I've gotta ditch this jacket. My date does the same. Turns out I made a good/bad decision. The body-con blouse I have on is cute, its lavender, made of silk, and very sheer. So now I'm super self-conscious about my extremely visible nipples. Their constant rock-hardness has always been a point of fascination with my boyfriends. Shit, Sean's noticed. He's spending a long time looking at my chest. "Um, that shirt looks good on you," he leers.
Sean leans back against the shanty wall, puts his arm around Lydia. His hand cups her breast, his thumb runs circles around her areola. The white fabric of her tee is close to transparent. I don't want to stare, but I do want more. She gently kisses him, nibbling on his lower lip, then sliding her hand onto his crotch. It's evident that he's hard. Lydia lets out a tiny gasp, as Sean firmly twists her peaked nipple.
My date jokes "Ignore them, they're always feeling each other up. I think they like the attention." But I see he's taking a special interest in what's going on. He scoots my knees so I'm facing him. He's asking me about my family, how I spend my free time. I sense he's trying to distract me. I can see him continually glancing at Sean and Lydia. I'm fighting to stay focused.
I hear fabric rustling and the sounds of a zipper being drawn. Somewhere on the lake, an auger is drilling through the ice. My date is rubbing my thighs as if to warm his hands. It's getting impossible to tune out the moaning and slurping coming from the other side of the shanty. My body starts to respond in kind, my slit is tingling, there's throbbing in my clit. My date gently caresses my face, turning my head toward Sean and Lydia.
I gasp with desire: they're naked, he's on the bench and she's standing in front of him, her glorious ass facing us. Lydia is rubbing her tits up his chest, teasing his mouth with her nipples, gliding back down to his cock. She presses her breasts together, cradling his rod. I see her lick the swollen head of his penis. When she bends down to taste his dick, she spreads her legs wide, so I see the hint of her pussy lips, shaven smooth as silk.
"Don't tell me it doesn't make you moist," my date whispers, his excitement clear. "I've heard you like to get naughty. There's a certain rumor about you riding a trailer hitch when you were camping." He kisses my throat, runs his lips along my ear, grazes my tits with his palms. My sex is starting to painfully pulse.
Lydia gets on her knees, looks at Sean, drawn to his thick cock. She licks her lips, runs her tongue along his bulbous head, and closes her mouth around his shaft. I can almost taste the savory precum, and my breathing speeds up. She's bobbing up and down, devouring him completely. A musky scent fills the air.
I start to stroke my date's manhood over his jeans. He rises to the occasion. I hear him mumble "Goddam, I'd love to make her scream" while fixating on Lydia. Her sucking noises fill the shanty. Sean likes to take control--he holds her head down, relishing in the gagging sounds coming from the back of her throat. I have a burning need to see her cunt. I imagine what she might taste like. My thong is soaked, and I can feel the edges of the crystals pressing against my engorged pussy lips.
"How about we try this ice fishing thing too," my date says, grinning. I'm buzzed and horny enough to toss away any second thoughts, so take his fingers in my mouth. He lifts my blouse over my head, exposing my breasts to the shanty air. I lean into him, pressing my nipples into his chest, kneading his shoulders.
I hear Sean, "Ride me." I have to look.
Lydia slowly stands, running her hands up her legs and over her ass. She clearly likes being watched. In one swift movement, she bends fully at the waist, bringing her hands to the floor, giving us the perfect view of her puckered asshole. Pausing there for a second, she then turns to us, legs still wide, as she brings her chocolate brown nipples to her mouth. She softly licks them, moaning, before bringing her hands down to her slit. She's massaging it, moving her fingers in and out, and taunts, "This is the sweetest juice you'll ever taste," looking me in the eyes.
She backs her bountiful ass toward Sean, raises up on her toes, uses her fingers to open her sweet labia, and ever so slowly slides his veiny manhood into her canyon. Sean lets out a satisfied grunt, lifting and lowering Lydia's hips as she engulfs him. Her back is taut, her tits thrust toward us, bouncing with the rhythm of their coupling. She's begging "Deeper, deeper," as she grinds her tight pussy into the base of his rod.
My date pulls his shirt off and tosses off his pants. His cock is massive, thick as fuck, like nothing I've taken in me before. His balls dangle, heavy with a hot load. I can't shimmy out of my jeans and my thong fast enough. I'm on fire, my legs slippery with liquid from my dripping pussy. I hear myself panting with need.
He lays back on the bunk, legs spread wide. Hands knitted behind his head. "Take it all now!" he demands, eyes critiquing me up and down. I place one leg on each side of him, but I need to slow down to stop myself from creaming on him immediately. Taking a deep breath, I rub the head of his glistening shaft softly along my moist pinkness. My hips are moving uncontrollably, I'm shaking from holding myself back. I can't wait another second; I need to be filled. I impale myself, his rod hard inside me. I cry out. It hurts in the best way. I've never been stretched this wide before. Each thrust seems to be harder, deeper. He forces me to take every inch of his raging manhood, my hole is gushing, when he roughly grabs my tits, saying "Looks like Lydia can't get enough cock."
I turn toward Sean and Lydia. She's sitting on the floor, legs spread, groaning, while she's pulsing the end of a fishing rod in and out of her swollen cunt. Sean's semen is leaking from her snatch. Her back is arched, her mouth open, she's squirming from side to side. Sean's got his head over her shoulder, one hand on her tit, watching us. Lydia mummers, "I took his load, but still needed something hard inside me."
Sean nods to my date, then glances at me, lingering on my tits, "Nice job getting her ready. Now my turn," he says.
Lydia giggles, pushing the fishing rod aside. She crawls over to us, breasts swaying. She places her tongue in my mouth for a moment, then cups my tits together, flitting her mouth from one nipple to the other. She whispers, "I hope I can fuck you after he does."
I look at my date, trying to figure out if this is for real. He asks if I'm up for this, as he's still thrusting inside me. The shanty is filled with the smell of sex. My body is electrified, I have to orgasm.
Following Lydia's lead, I crawl across the shanty to Sean. "Stay on all fours," Sean directs. Before I can comprehend what's happening, he's dipped his shaft in the lake that is my cunt, before ramming every inch of himself in my resisting asshole. The searing pain clouds my thoughts. As the muscles of my ass start to relax, I frantically start rubbing my engorged clit. Visions of Lydia being a plaything on his dick run through my head. I realize her slipperiness must still be on Sean's cock.
Sean is brutally pounding me. I'm making noises like a dog in heat. He grabs a fist of my hair and roughly pulls my head back. I let out a guttural growl.
I'm drawn to another sound. My date is moaning. One look and I can see he's got his fingers up Lydia's ass, while his dick is buried in her mound. His pulsing increases when I hear him cry, "Drain it, drain it all!"
That pushes me over the line, I start to twitch. My orgasm washes over me in waves, I'm screaming, begging, with muscle after muscle contracting. I could feel Sean's cock pulsing in my ass, and with one powerful push, he unleashes his load, filling my ass with luscious cream. When he pulls out, there's so much inside me I can already feel it running down to my cunt.
I'm crazed with sex, desperate for me. Even with my pussy raw and my ass ravaged, I crawl to the other bunk, where my date is in the last quaking throes of orgasm. I slide my tongue between the base of his dick and Lydia's pussy. I taste the mingling of their essence.
She slides off him with a groan and sits on the bunk, legs wide open. She's playing with those amazing tits of hers. It's clearly an invitation to show the boys what we can do. I slowly open her lush pussy lips with my fingers and dive in with my mouth, exploring her hole, nibbling on her engorged clit with my teeth. There's so much cum inside her snatch, it's rolling down my chin. She pulls me harder into her. I want nothing more than to make her explode. She pauses, pushes back so her pussy is just out of reach.
"I've got just the thing for both of us." She quickly stands, rummages behind something, while I'm still desperate on the ground. She lowers herself to the floor, breathing hard. She places something between my flushed tits, cupping them around whatever it is, sliding it back and forth. I lean up, it's an intimidating double dildo. My cunt twinges with want. I lay back down, hips gyrating, back arched, rising to meet the bulbous piece she easily glides inside me. Her pussy engulfs the other end.
She's on top of me. Her tits rub mine; our mouths meet, our cunts grind against each other. Our bodies are gleaming with sweat. Lydia's intense, biting my nipples, whispering about all the other ways she wants to fuck me. I see my date out of the corner of my eye, he's fixated on us, stroking his cock to our rhythm. I love that he's made hard again by watching me fuck another woman. At the thought of that, I can't catch my breath. My mind is all consumed with my lust.
Lydia moans "Cum with me," and I lose complete control over my body. I can feel the muscles inside my canal spasming, my hips are pushing up, up, up. I'm flowing a river of juice. It starts to subside, leaving me quivering. Sometime during my ecstasy, Lydia released her desire all over me. We collapse side by side, coated in warm cum. Our bodies are finally content.