Thank you all so much for the comments you've been leaving! Your feedback is really helpful to me, and I'm glad so many people have been enjoying the journey so far. I hope you enjoy part three as well!
I stared at the text on my phone for more than an hour before the battery died. Then I sat with the blank screen and remembered it. Justine had left. She'd told me to my face that she'd see me at the apartment, then packed up her stuff and driven home to her parents.
The text hurt to read. She'd apologized. She'd explained, I guess, although none of it made much sense to me. We'd been warned about the end of the world, she was treating it as a real prediction, and yet... she ran. Justine had decided that, if the world really were ending, she'd like to spend it being happy.
And, somehow, that meant leaving me behind.
That was the thought that broke through the numbness. I set my phone on the charger without really thinking about it, went into the kitchen, and got myself a drink of water. And I started to think.
I was still there a fair while later, holding an empty glass, when Evan came back in. He was quiet about it, closing the door so gingerly behind him that I barely heard the lock click. Somewhere past all my racing thoughts I realized he was trying not to disturb me.
"Hey," I said.
He poked his head into the kitchen. "Hey man," he said quietly. "I didn't know you were out here."
I nodded. I realized I was still thirsty and started to fill my glass again.
Evan stepped into the kitchen. It occurred to me that he was looking very closely at my face. "How are you doing?"
I chuckled. "It sucks." I tossed back half the water at once, wishing it was something stronger.
He nodded, too hard. "Really sucks."
Evan paused, but when I didn't have anything to add he continued. "You can... totally sit out the alien stuff. For now, or as long as you want. We've got it covered."
I finished the water. "I was thinking about that."
"Yeah," he said. "The way..." he gestured vaguely. It seemed like he was afraid to mention Justine too directly, in case it was still too painful for me to think about. It was, but it wasn't. I wish I knew how to explain that.
"Yeah," I said instead. "Yeah."
I filled up the glass again, filled a different one and handed it to Evan.
"I'm still in, though," I said. It was what I'd decided, standing over the sink.
"It's really okay," he assured me.
I shook my head. "No. No, I don't think so. If all of this is true, if it's the last gasp of humanity, if an alien flower and its tiny pet construction team are the only thing we have on our side --" I laughed a little. Not because it was funny, but because I was saying all these things so seriously. And because the fact that it wasn't funny was hilarious.
I wasn't even making sense to myself. Probably I needed to catch up on sleep. Or at least drink more coffee.
"If it's all true," I went on, "then there's no point in making excuses. Even if shit sucks, even if Justine's --" my throat tightened, but I went on, "even if Justine's out, I gotta stay. Because it's about as important as anything could be. I don't really get what's going on, I dunno what I can do, but I'm in. I think we all have to be in this all the way."
Evan patted me awkwardly on the shoulder. "Nice speech, general."
I laughed, and this time it was a real one. It felt good. It felt very good. "Shut up, man."
He grinned. "All right. If you're in this, want me to catch you up on what we talked about just now?"
"Only over a beer," I said, grabbing a pair from the fridge.
"So," Evan said, once we had settled into the living room chairs, "our little space invader can't decide if the apocalypse is nigh, or if there's hope for us yet."
I frowned. Did Justine leave for nothing? "It sounded pretty sure before," I said.
He shrugged. "Yeah, but it searched its memory banks or whatever and dug up some more detailed protocols. Stuff it didn't need to make contact, but that we can use now that we've accepted its help."
Evan sipped his beer, some hoppy craft ale that Rosemary had bought in bulk before the weekend. She always refused to get cheap, staple college beers, but she also picked up most of the price difference. It wasn't like she couldn't afford it, so we all mostly went with it. Maybe the rest of us couldn't taste the difference, but none of us had a problem with how much stronger they tended to be.
"Basically," Evan went on, "it wants to do as little as it possibly can. Remember how it was talking about low impact intervention, or whatever?"
"Mmm."
"And how it couldn't make a detailed prediction of what our problems were, that it didn't have the info?"
I frowned. "Did it say that while I was gone, or this morning?"
"Both." Evan pursed his lips, taking on a quavering, schoolteacher tone. "Were you not taking notes, young man?"
I waved a hand at him, almost spilling my beer. I hadn't eaten, and it was some kind of imperial, double, strong-ale something-or-other. It was going straight to my head.
Evan laughed. "Yeah, it took us a while to really get into what the flower meant. It knewaboutthe predictions that said we were in trouble, but not what any of those predictionswere. Forecasting the end of the world needs a bit more detail than the weather, I guess."
"Imagine that."
"Imagine that," Evan agreed. "Anyway, we could maybe plug Cybeline into a few supercomputers and let her crunch some numbers --"
"Uh --" I started to say.
"I know, I know, nobody wants Skynet, but it doesn't matter anyway. She said it's not even about the data, or the processing power, she doesn't have anything to compare it to. She can't crunch the numbers without the algorithms, or databases or something. Not without studying Earth for a couple decades to build up her own models."
"Which is kind of a long time."
"When the apocalypse might be coming, yeah. Kind of." He drank.
"So... is that it? We know even less than we thought we did?"
"I'm getting there," Evan complained. "Jesus. So. Cybeline can't remember what her makers said was going to happen, and she can't figure it out on her own.But,when she unpacked her memory, she found a way that she --"
"...can ask the makers," I guessed. There was something warm in my chest. Hope? I hadn't even realized how worried I had been. Somehow, without my noticing, it had started to sink in that we, and just about everyone out there, really might be in danger.
Evan nodded. "ET phone home."
"So... that's good, right? We pull up a zoom call with the squid people and they tell us what we need to do."
"Sadly, not that simple."
"Why, are they still using Skype? I'm pretty sure my old laptop still has it installed."
Evan grinned. "Let me make the jokes," he said. "You're too pretty to be funny."
"I'm funny," I protested. "Why did the... Irishman go to the convent?"
Evan gestured,go on.
I frowned. "It's... wait. Something about potatoes? Or sheep?"
Evan nodded. "Natural born comedian."
"Damn straight." I drank. "So why isn't it as simple as calling up the aliens?"
"Sounds like the mothership's probably out of range," Evan said, "past the orbit of Pluto and headed away from us already. Apparently they haven't cracked the whole speed of light thing, or at least they didn't let Cybeline know if they did."
"So 'not simple' actually means impossible?"
"Impossible to call themothership," Evan said, "as far as Cybeline can guess. But we don't need to go that far. Their whole deal is minimum intervention, right? And they make it work by complicated predictions, all the data and algorithms that Cybeline didn't bring with. So they'll be watching us, trying to learn as much as they can from us whether we make it or not."
"Maybe letting us go down in flames," I said, "but doing better next time."
Evan shrugged.
"Helps us a hell of a lot," I griped.
"It actually might," Evan said. "This thing's not built compact like Cybeline. It's got storage space, it can remember all the predictions about what's going to happen with us. One option that she's meant to give us, one way we can try and save ourselves, is asking her big brother what he sees in his crystal ball."
He drank. "But Cybeline says big brother's not going to be hanging out anywhere near earth, since humanity's advanced to the point of launching satellites and probes. He's the shy, retiring type. At the distance he'll be keeping, Cybeline can't just call him up, especially since she doesn't know where he actually is. To actually make contact, we gotta make some kind of communicator."
"Can we do that? Build a space radio, or whatever?"
Evan shrugged. "Cybeline can. Apparently most of it's complicated, but not that big. We could hide it in a backpack, or one of our apartments. But... to actually send the message, we need an antenna."
"Shit."
"Yeah. It's not, like, as big as you'd think, for sending a signal that far. But it's pretty big."
I thought. "Can we go out of town with it? Out on the country roads?"
He raised his hands. "This is about as far as we got," he said. "Not making any decisions yet. Especially with you not there."
I was oddly touched. I'd had so little to say during the last few meetings that I would have expected them to just go on without noticing my absence.
"When are we gonna meet up again?"
Evan glanced at his phone. I couldn't see much, but I caught a glimpse of a whole bunch of text notifications. "If you're up to it," he said, "right now."
- - - - -
The girls were unusually quiet, at first, until Evan started needling me for the few things I forgot at their place when I left earlier. That broke the ice, and we began to fall back into our familiar rhythms.
But none of us could forget that Justine was gone. Her room was empty, the stupid beanbag chair missing from its usual place at the back of the living room. Even when we got into discussing Cybeline, and the information Evan had outlined, I missed her fears, her minor breakdowns and occasional pointed questions. If we'd been hearing all those things, it would have at least meant she was there.
The girls, especially Kate, filled in the few details Evan had missed. We agreed that we had to ask for help, and as soon as we could. We even tried to figure out a way to set things up during the week, but quickly decided against it. We wanted to go as far as we could from Kearny, and there was no day that week when we could all leave without missing classes. We felt silly about it, we even felt a little paranoid, but all of us were afraid of attracting attention. Visions of black-suited government agents were playing in our heads.
In any case, there were preparations to be made. Cybeline claimed she could make the communicator over the course of a day or two, as soon as she had all the materials necessary. Getting her to explain what she needed, though, was a slow process -- good as she was at navigating the internet, she still struggled with technical documents and computer parts. Kate ended up in charge of making a list and finding all the things we'd need before the weekend, since she was the only one of us actually excited about the idea.
Evan and I, meanwhile, would figure out the antenna. We might need Cybeline's nanotech to finish it, but most of the work was just getting a frame ready to join together. We figured, after consulting with the flower, that PVC would work just fine. Otherwise, it seemed we would need some copper and steel wire, aluminum foil, and a bit of carbon fiber for the actual receiving equipment.
"Does anyone sell just carbon fiber?" I asked. "Or are we going to need to get, like, fifty fancy tennis rackets?"
Kate frowned. "Cybeline should be able to break the fiber down," she said slowly, "and I can't imagine we'd need more than two or three. But I'll try to get a better schematic for you soon."
"Send me your shopping lists," Rosemary said. "I'll get the stuff you need."
"You don't have to," Lace said. "We can split the costs."
I wasn't sure I agreed with that -- we were all poor college students being careful with our ramen money, while Rosemary's parents were completely loaded. The So family lived on a ranch out near Jackson Hole, on the other side of the state from us. Before we visited, over the summer, I'd had the vague impression her parents were millionaires. After seeing the place, I wasn't sure they weren't billionaires.
Rosemary shook her head. "Of course I'm paying, but that's not why I want to get it all. If I need to buy tennis rackets, spools of wire, and random computer parts, I can say its for a class project. Everyone knows art students are weird, right?"
Evan laughed. I had to admit it made sense.
"All right, then," Lace said begrudgingly. "And I only have one class on Wednesday, and that's early. I'll drive around and find us a secluded spot. When the time comes, I should be able to borrow my sister's truck."
Lace frowned at Kate. "Do you think we'll need a generator?"
"Uh..." Kate looked at the flower on the table. "I will figure that out. Soon."
Lace nodded, brow furrowed. "We can rent one, but that's one more thing to haul along. And one more piece of a paper trail. Let me know if we need it, or if we can run it off the truck battery."
Evan smiled. "We're talking about sending a signal way, way out into space, to get advice from some hyper-advanced aliens and their pet supercomputer... with the power of an old Ford Ranger."
"My sister drives a Ram," Lace said. She put a hand to her chest as if offended. "I'dnevertry to call aliens with anything but the best."
We all laughed at that, and not just because of a rare moment of humor from Lace. We needed the release of tension, the moment of lightness when all our worries were threatening to smother us.
And powering an interstellar beacon off a Dodge Ram was the funniest thing I'd heard all week.
- - - - -
It was late. We chatted a little longer, wondering aloud about the signal, about the future, about what we would have to do. But we also talked about classes. About family. Even a little about dating, though I mostly stayed out of that one. It was startlingly close to normal, and it felt good.
We knew our plan was weak. We knew we were almost entirely in the dark, and our one plan to find out more, to even figure out the problems we were facing, was vague and filled with uncertainties. Even if it succeeded, we'd have to figure out what todowith that information. A very few days ago, our biggest concern had been how much drinking we could get away with and still make our classes on Monday. Today, we had greater responsibilities.
But that night, in that moment, I couldn't shake the feeling that it would work out. I looked at all of us, tackling threats to the whole of the world head-on, and I felt something welling up inside me that I couldn't find a name for. A certain kind of pride, maybe. A feeling of purpose, even ambition. Possibly even the arrogance to think that, if someone had to save the world, itshouldbe us. Who better than a group of strong, clever, far-sighted young people?
Well, you can't blame us too much. Every young person thinks themselves world-wise. Every new generation sees the older ones as plodding, oblivious dinosaurs. But of course,wecould see how things ought to be, and the only reason it wasn't like that already was that those who'd come before us didn't have our vision.
It's all too easy to trick yourself. And somehow, you start to think that the end of the world isn't really that big of an obstacle.
And then you'rereallyin trouble.
- - - - -
"Kate," Rosemary said, too patiently, "how much carbon fiber am I getting you?"
"I don'tknow," she said desperately. "I'm not even sure Cybeline understands what carbon fiberis.She keeps thinking I mean diamond or graphite or something."
"Can you make a guess?" Rosemary said. "Because I still don't know what I'm ordering to build this damn thing --"
"It could be ten grams, it could be ten kilos, I'm not even sure if she canusethe kind of fiber in sporting equipment --"
"--because if we get out to the desert and we didn't bring enough, I swear to Christ --"
"Oh my god," Evan interrupted, "just buy one tennis racket, let Cybeline scan it or whatever she does, and ask her how many more she needs. It's like a ten minute drive to the store."
There was an embarrassed silence. "Actually, I was going to get hockey sticks," Kate said.
"Holy shit," Evan said, "that's not evencloseto the point I'm trying to make."
Kate blushed, and muttered some kind of apology to Rosemary. She nodded stiffly, not meeting Kate's eyes. I felt bad for them, in a distant sort of way, but I couldn't help being a little preoccupied with the death of my own love life. Neither I nor anyone else had heard from Justine since she left, and it still felt like a miserable hole in my life. I'd thought things were going well, even with the weird alien revelations. She hadn't. That was about the end of it.
Lace was worried that Justine might let on what had happened. I doubted it. She'd known how important it was, known that the threat and the promise of the weird little alien flower had been real. That was the whole reason she'd had to run. But even if she couldn't face up to it herself, I thought she would keep the secret for the rest of us.
Of course, there was less of a secret to keep than I might have hoped. We'd been trying to figure out the antenna all week, and while Evan and I had a fairly sturdy frame figured out, we still weren't sure we could actually send any kind of signal. Apparently Cybeline herself wasn't able to generate one, but all attempts to create some kind of transmitter had failed.
The communication issues were getting worse and worse. There'd been a substantial preprogrammed element to Cybeline's mission statement, but once we ventured into technical information, her vocabulary was badly lacking. Simple things like 'aluminum foil' caused huge tangles of confusion for us. When Kate showed Cybeline a roll, in order to judge thickness and structure, Cybeline began planning to use several rolls as some kind of reflector. Unfortunately, she somehow missed our explanation that the foil could be unrolled into a thin sheet, and planned to deconstruct it herself -- at the cost of about twelve hours of work. By my reckoning, I could wrap the whole frame in about ten minutes.
The girls had worked through a lot of similar confusion. But now it was Thursday afternoon, and even though we wanted to be on our way in just about 24 hours, the parts list still wasn't finalized. Thus, yelling matches.
Rosemary headed out to the store, with a promise to be back 'soon,' and I sat down with Kate. Evan rummaged around in the kitchen; the two of us had started spending so much time at the girls' apartment that we ate there as often as not.
"How much space does the frame take up?" Kate asked me distractedly.
"Eighteen feet high, thirty square at the base." I frowned. "Don't you have that written down?"
"Notassembled," she said. "How much space will it take up in the back of the truck? Because I'm starting to worry --"
"It'll fit," I said. I hoped I sounded confident, but Kate's anxiety was contagious. I tried to visualize the pile of PVC, divided between my room and Evan's. "How big is Lace's truck?"
"And how are the rest of us going to get there?" Kate went on like I hadn't even answered her. "The truck's not nearly big enough, and if we have to go off-road --"
"My car's fine off-road," Evan called from the kitchen. He was piling shredded cheese over some combination of beans and potatoes. "It's not supposed to rain, and the ground where we're setting up is flatter than my skinny ass. It's like a highway with no traffic."
"And if Cybeline connects everything around the frame too tightly, how are we going to get it apart after? We can't leave it for someone to find, so do we need to get a saw, or some sledgehammers, or --"
"We'll be --" I began. Then I stopped. "Actually, that's good thinking."
Kate nodded, jotting a note down on her phone. "And then --"
"Oh my god," Evan said. "Kate, we can't plan for everything."
"But we have to plan forsomething!" She ran her hands over her face, and I realized there were bags under her eyes. "If we mess this up -- if we don't send out the message right, or if we miss picking it up, oranything,we're not going to get another chance."
I blinked. "We're not?"
She shook her head. "I talked with Cybeline. The monitoring station can tell us a lot, but it's not here as part of Cybeline's mission. Its job is to observe. It'll want to cooperate, or at least wehopeit will, but every signal it sends out increases its chance of discovery. There's no way we'll convince it to keep sending messages back and forth, whether it tells us everything we want to know or not. We ask for help, and then we wait."
The front door opened. Lace walked in, composed as always, and stopped when she saw our faces. "Someone die?"
Evan looked up from pouring hot sauce over his food pile. "Kate's just telling us that if this weekend doesn't go perfectly, we're fucked."
Lace kicked off her shoes and tossed a couple notebooks into her bedroom. "Well, we knew that, right? We don't have time to go out to the wilderness every weekend, even if nobody ever noticed us doing it."
"So paranoid," Kate scoffed.
"I'm not sure you're paranoid enough," Lace said. Her expression was serious. "The stuff Cybeline knows, the stuff she can do... its like giving mortars and machine guns to Alexander the Great. Maybe worse. If the American government or any other finds out about her, they'll kill us all to get their hands on her."
"So don't tell anyone." Evan shrugged. "And she's not quite heavy artillery. Taking apart drills and telling us the world's going to end aren't the same as explosive shells."
Kate shook her head. "Lace is right. We've barely seen the start of what Cybeline can do, all on her own. And if she started sharing her scientific knowledge with tech companies, pharmaceutical labs, or weapons manufacturers..."
"Pharmaceuticals?" I raised an eyebrow. "Don't tell me alien drugs would work on people."
"Of course not," Kate said impatiently. "But there's drugs out there that need a dozen different steps to manufacture, and that's with a low yield and a ton of impurities. The shit Cybeline knows about physics and chemistry could cut that down to nothing. Hell, that's exactly the scale her nanotech works at."
"And they could do that stuff outside of a lab," Evan said quietly. "Make chemotherapy drugsinsidea tumor. Lodge inside a diabetic's pancreas and make insulin."
I looked at him in surprise.
"The stuff I read at the library," he said with a crooked grin. "Sci-fi shit, you know."
"But possible," Kate said. She looked over at the flower. "Very possible."
"Which," Lace cut in smoothly, "is exactly my point. This is information that will change the world. Anyone with a scrap of ambition and half a brain in their heads who hears about it will want it, because thentheyget to decide how the world changes."
We sat for a moment and let her words sink in.
"Is there anywhere we can hide this thing?" I asked. "Or... can we get Cybeline to defend herself if someone comes looking?"
"I've been stashing her in my room," Kate said. "Whenever nobody's here, at least. In a box in the back of my closet."
"Let's work on something a little more secure," Lace said. "I'll talk to her, see what she can do."
"Tell me if you need help interpreting," Kate called, as Lace headed to the flower on the coffee table. She was still the best at framing things in a way that Cybeline could understand.
"Should we be worried?" I asked the others under my breath. "I mean, the government's notactuallygoing to come for us, right?"
"They will or they won't," Evan said. He looked totally unconcerned. "I'll see you back at our place, okay? Meeting some people for a group project in a bit."
After he was gone, Kate sighed. "Lace is probably right," she admitted. "We're in serious danger if Cybeline becomes common knowledge. We just have to hope that... none of us let anything slip."
The pause was telling. I knew she had been about to mention Justine, to say that we had to hope she didn't tell anyone. I was grateful she hadn't.
"I hope Lace comes up with something," I said. "Maybe Cybeline can make some kind of taser trap, just in case."
"She could definitely be running some kind of surveillance," Kate mused. "Except she doesn't really know what to look for. And I'm not sure she'd do something like that on her own, anyway. I'm almost suspicious of how passive she is about all of this."
"All of what?"
She waved a hand vaguely. "Everything. We came up with the idea to call the monitoring station for more information. Lace came up with the idea to hide her somewhere better than the box in my closet. I even had to go hunting for all that information on where she came from and what she actually was supposed to be doing here."
Now Kate was looking into the living room, eyes narrowed slightly. "I wonder if it's a test? If we have to... I dunno, prove that we're worthy of her help? Maybe if we're careless, and somebody else finds out about her and takes her from us, it means that they're smarter or tougher, and deserve her help more."
"Kind of... Darwinian." I thought I saw what she meant. "She's not here forus,she's here to save humans in general. And if someone's smarter than we are and steals her, then they're the right people for her to be with. Their odds of survival are better."
"Yeah," Kate said. "Yeah, I wonder."
We watched from the kitchen as Lace picked the flower up and carried it over to the air duct. She looked over at me and Kate in the kitchen. "Do either of you have a screwdriver?"
I handed her my multitool. I'd actually never owned one before -- I had pocketknives growing up, but my dad was never exactly handy, and not much of a teacher even if he had been. I'd gotten the tool specifically for building the antenna frame.
After Lace got the vent cover off, she slid Cybeline inside. I raised my eyebrows -- not only was the vent a pretty obvious hiding place, I could actually see the lamp reflecting off Cybeline's screen. I was pretty sure the box in Kate's closet was a better hiding place than this.
Just before I could embarrass myself by speaking up, the metal flower twisted. The petals turned, lifted, and then the whole thing sank straight through the metal of the duct and disappeared.
"Hey," Kate said in alarm.
"Don't worry," Lace said. She waved at the TV, where Cybeline's avatar appeared. "Any problems?"
"None," Cybeline said. "I can still connect to this device, and there's plenty of space for me here."
"And you can get back out?"
In answer, the flower rose up through the vent. It was eerie, as if the metal was flowing like water around Cybeline's vessel. Solid objects weren't supposed to pass through each other like that.
"I can," she said unnecessarily.
Lace turned to us.
"Pretty good," I said.
"Better than the box," Kate agreed.
Lace nodded. "I just hope it's good enough."
- - - - -
"Kate," Lace said calmly, "tell me you checked the power requirements."
The shorter girl said nothing. She was red as a tomato.
"Tell me," Lace said, almost as calmly, "that we can run the communicator on the truck battery."
Kate shook her head with a little involuntary squeak.
"Then please," Lace continued, not really sounding very calm at all, "pleasetell me that Cybeline can be hooked into the driveshaft or something, because Kate, you have been telling me all week long that I didn't need to get a goddamn generator."
Kate's silence spoke volumes.
"Can we pick one up on the way out of town?" I asked.
"Do you know," Lace said, "I actually thought to check that about four days ago. The hardware store in Kearny is happy to rent generators, except they don't keep any in stock so youhave to book ahead."
Kate winced.
"We'll buy it," Rosemary said. "It's fine, it doesn't matter."
"Couple hundred dollars more," Lace grumbled.
Rosemary nodded patiently.
"We'll have to get gas too."
"Then we better get going," I said. Lace glared at me. I didn't sound as patient as Rosemary.
But things continued to go wrong. The Kearny hardware store did have generators for sale, but the only ones in stock were either smaller than what Kate said we needed, or so large that we couldn't have fit them in the truck. We considered getting a generator somewhere else, but we'd deliberately chosen our route to be far from any large towns. There was one place on our route with a hardware store, a town called Buffalo, but Evan called and discovered that they didn't carry generators at all.
So Rosemary added a trailer to her list of purchases, and we loaded up a truly impressive generator that filled the thing almost side-to-side. She was starting to look worried as the money added up, and I swear I heard her mutter something about 'Korean parents.' She couldn't have been worried about going broke on generator payments, but might very well reach the kinds of sums that her parents would notice. And if they looked at the card payment and found 'generator, stadium-size' on the statement, they would certainly have some questions.
The trailer was a problem. We were already behind schedule from our shopping trip, but the trailer was going to limit our pace even more. The truck might or might not have been able to get up to speed even with the extra weight, but none of us were interested in bouncing the very expensive generator right off the trailer bed. Rosemary laid it all out for us while we filled the gas cans for the generator, and ended with the important point of it all: we would be arriving well after dark.
We were all quiet while we finished up. Finally, it was Lace who asked, resigned, if any of us had tents.
Rosemary, unsurprisingly, and Evan, quite surprisingly, said they did. Evan's tent was news to me, despite sharing an apartment, but we all agreed to split up, grab supplies, and head out as soon as we could.
Maybe we could have gone the next day, leaving earlier without classes to interfere. But we were all worried about giving ourselves as much time as possible in case the observer didn't respond right away. We couldn't leave up the antenna, but we also couldn't take it down until the reply came. We wanted to get it upsoon.
As it turned out, I didn't know about Evan's tent because it wasn't, in fact, his tent. It actually belonged to our other roommate, Dave, but he was happy to honor his promise to let Evan borrow it 'whenever, man.' I was pretty sure he'd never so much as opened it, so I doubted it was much of a sacrifice.
"Hey," Evan said as we drove. "What do you think is next? After... all this?"
I shrugged. "I dunno, man. I don't even know what this thing is gonna tell us."
"I'm pretty sure it's climate change," Kate said from the backseat. She and Rosemary hadn't made a big deal out of riding separately, but there'd been a certain tension around it all. "No simple fix for that, which tracks with what Cybeline was saying about her mission."
"I dunno," I said, frowning. "It's happening so slow, would it really be as big a threat as she says?"
"Sure," Kate said. "I mean, it's gonna make every other tension in the world worse, water more scarce, farmland unusable... weather's gonna get more intense, coastal areas will flood, and people are going to start fighting over the resources that aren't affected. And it's all happening quicker than we think."
We all rode in silence for a while.
"Why would she even come here, just to tell us that?" I asked. "I mean, the whole world goes extinct, civilization collapses, and we, what? Use her nanobots to dig out a vault to hide in?"
"No thanks," Evan said, making a face. "I've lived with Alex for more than a year now. If I have to hide in a bunker with him for the rest of my life, I'll just walk into the ocean."
"Same here," I retorted. "If I have to deal with your piles of dirty laundry --"
"-- your terrible cooking --"
"-- hours in the bathroom --"
"Oh mygod," Kate said, holding her head, "shut up already."
I grinned. "I'm coming around to Evan on this one," I said. "You can't take the end of the world too seriously. It just encourages it."
"Thank you," he said, accepting the praise with a dignified nod.
Kate rolled her eyes. "Whatever you say. But... Cybeline could still be wrong. I mean, some of the things she might be able to teach us... we could do alotto slow down global warming. Climate scientists still think it's fixable now, even without a little alien helping hand. She might help us crack fusion power, and nanotech is a great path towards cheaper biofuels."
"I'll take your word for it," Evan said.
"But that's, like,half the problem," Kate said. "Just those two things, and we're almost out of it."
"If we get the rest of the world on board," I noted.
She sighed. "Yeah. That's an issue."
We drove and I thought. I couldn't decide if it was worth hoping for a magic bullet or not. Even if Cybeline said it was all climate change, wasn't that enough? What could we do, go to some massive tech company and sell them a patent for a fusion reactor? Bring some billionaire into the circle, tell him about nanobots and let him have at it?
Somehow, I was pretty sure that either of those answers would end with us edged out of the process and Cybeline taken away -- by whatever means were needed. It was too much power. Too much knowledge. And I couldn't think of anyone I would trust to be totally selfless with it. Including myself.
"Hey," I began. I didn't know how I would bring up those concerns. How do you say, 'guys, what if having access to incredible power just turns me into an asshole' without sounding like you've started measuring the rugs for your Bond-villain lair? Or even worse, seeming like you're a melodramatic up-your-own-ass dipshit?
Thankfully, I was saved from my own angst.
"Is that the turn?" Evan asked. I closed my own mouth and looked.
"Yeah," Kate said. "Off behind that ridgeline there. Lace says there's a hollow that can't be seen from the road."
"Okay," Evan said, "but this car's not going up and over. Is there a way around?"
I looked at my phone, wondering if I should call Lace and ask. Unfortunately, I had no bars.
"-- to the right?" Kate was asking.
"Lotta rocks," Evan said. "Wasn't this supposed to be flat? I guess I could get out and see..."
"There's Lace," I pointed. She was standing up along the ridgeline, waving. It was further off than it looked, there against the open Wyoming sky. Little bushes and tufts of grass had shoved up through the ground below it, where water might collect in a rainstorm, but the ridge itself was a long line of bare red rock, a heavy shelf that had slipped sideways under some old continental shift. It jutted up at us edge-on, and in the dimming light it looked like an enormous trapdoor being pushed up from beneath the skin of the earth.
I was glad we weren't going to try the antenna until tomorrow. I wasn't sure how it was going to go, and I'd rather have full daylight for it.
"Okay..." Evan said slowly. He eased the car off the shoulder and onto the hard dirt beyond. "It looks pretty good this way."
There was a bump as the car rolled over a rock. Or maybe a bush.
"Almostclear," he said nervously. The car creaked and shifted as it rocked over an uneven patch.
Evan put it in park.
"Pretty close to the road," I noted.
Evan looked at me. "You want to try?"
I shrugged. "Let's go see what it looks like out there."
Evan, somehow, had taken exactly the worst route over the most broken ground towards the stony ridge ahead. I pointed this out, with complete and unfailing politeness, and he suggested that I take my advice and shove it somewhere anatomically improbable.
"Guys," Kate said, "wouldsomeonejust get the car headed over towards Lace so we can all go to sleep sometime tonight."
Evan tossed me the keys. "If you dent this thing..."
"...you'll never be able to tell," I said. "You know, under all the rust."
We piled back in. "There's like one spot of rust," he complained. "Nobody else even notices."
"Yes they do," said Kate.
We drove. It was slow going, but mostly flat. I was sure we would end up in a hidden ravine, and I was pretty sure Evan's shocks were about to shake themselves straight out of the car, but by the time it was too dark to go on I was into the shadow of the ridge. I almost stopped in the open, but in the edges of the headlights I spotted a flat space behind a boulder that would hide the car as neatly as you could hope.
"Better parking than we've got on campus," I said, killing the engine.
"That's not saying a lot." Evan was eyeing the looming rock formation. "Nothing's going to fall off that and total my car, is it?"
I shrugged.
"Probably not," Kate said. "Come on, help me with the food."
It was a surprisingly long walk from where we left Evan's car to the other side of the ridge. There was a notch with a path a little ways away, so we didn't have to circle the entire thing, but it wasn't just a line of rocks. This formation had some depth to it, and the other side had the kind of isolated feeling that's hard to find in many parts of the United States. The stars were coming out, and the milky way was a slash of distant white flame from one horizon to the other. The moon was low and waning, and as the last of the sunset bled away, the brighter stars seemed to grow to replace those other lights, shining out like beacons through the flatness of the night.
Evan lit the flashlight on his phone.
"Watch it," I complained, blinking away blinded tears.
"Point thataway," Kate said, pushing his hand down.
"I can't see," Evan complained, but he lowered his arm. The path ahead of us was still lit up, and my night vision was entirely ruined, but at least the flashlight was out of my eyes.
"I was looking at the stars," I said.
"You're gonna trip over a rock if you keep it up." Evan kicked one out of the way, as a demonstration. "How could either of you see where you were going?"
"We were looking," Kate said. "Try it sometime."
"Look," Evan pointed. "There's a hole right there, in the middle of the path. There's no way you would have seen it --"
"Just leave it alone, guys." They were giving me a headache. "Look, someone's got a fire going."
"Someone?" Kate scoffed. "It's Lace and Rosemary ahead of us, and Rosemary couldn't start a fire if she had a box of matches in a paper factory. I think we can take a wild guess."
Evan grumbled something under his breath. I thought it sounded like 'sour grapes.'
"What's for dinner?" I asked, trying to keep their squabble from flaring up again. They normally got along just fine. I could only assume our day of disappointments was getting to them both.
"Just hot dogs," Kate said. "Chips and some pasta salad on the side. I've never tried cooking anything complicated on an open fire."
My stomach rumbled. "Bring stuff for s'mores after?"
She grinned, shadows dancing over her face in the light of Evan's phone. "Like there was any chance I wouldn't."
- - - - -
Dinner wasn't exactly fine dining, but it was still a welcome change from what we usually ate. None of us were standout cooks, and the dining center had gotten tedious about a week into my freshman year. The hot dogs were juicy, and the wood smoke made them taste much better than they should have. We ate quietly, relaxing after a long day. Evan and Kate were especially quiet, possibly embarrassed about their little squabble on the way in.
"Let's unload the generator," Lace said, as the fire was starting to die down. "Then we can get started at first light tomorrow."
"First light?" Evan asked.
"Yeah," Lace said. Her voice was soft, even gentle. She wasn't scolding Evan or anything, like she might if he was putting off a paper or leaving a mess on the table. But she sounded utterly serious and entirely sure of herself. "First light."
Evan sighed, but didn't argue. He must have heard the way she had said it.
It took me, Lace and Evan to get the generator out of the trailer, and I was glad we'd gotten the smallest one that could fit the generator. If the bed had been any higher, someone's foot would have been crushed for sure. As it was, I banged my shin and Evan scraped his arm against a corner before we got it safely on the ground.
"Right," Kate said brightly after not helping at all. "Where are those tents?"
"Ours is in the cab." Rosemary, at least, had the decency to close the tailgate for us. It was the thought that counted. "But... it's smaller than I remembered. It'll be a tight fit for two."
Evan shuddered. "Don't tell me I have to cuddle up with Alex."
"You should be so lucky," I said.
"How big is your tent?" Kate asked him.
"Uh... four," Evan said, tilting the label until it caught the firelight. "Supposedly."
"Let's just keep the car groups," Kate suggested. "Alex won't have to curl up on himself in a little two-man tent, and I'll keep the boys from strangling each other."
"You're gonna get cooties," Evan informed her seriously. She didn't dignify that with a response.
"Fine," Lace said. "Let's get them set up."
As it turned out, firelight was not at all equal to the task of setting up two different tents, especially as the one Evan had borrowed was missing a couple fasteners. We got them in the end by the headlights of the truck, though our tent sagged slightly along one side.
"We'd be fucked if it rained tonight," Evan noted.
"Thank God for Wyoming weather," I said. "The next rainstorm's probably coming in, like, September."
"You are both going to jinx it," Rosemary said archly. "And then you'll wish you'd taken the smaller tent."
"Not likely," Evan shot back. "I'll sleep in the truck."
Lace clicked the keyfob, locking the doors.
"Hey," Evan complained. "What if Kate snores?"
"I usually don't," she said, "but for you I'll try and make an exception."
"First light," Lace reminded us. Then she grabbed her sleeping bag and ducked into the tent.
I sighed. It would have been nice to enjoy the camping trip just a little. I still held out hope that we could relax once we got the message out tomorrow. After all, that was the hard part. Once things were underway, all we had to do was wait.
It was hard to believe that our tent had ever been intended to hold four people. We were just about shoulder-to-shoulder with just three, and the sagging portion would be brushing my head if I tried to sit up. It was a warm evening, and the tent was already starting to get stuffy.
There were flaps to unzip that should have been covered by screens, but in this particular tent those screens were partly or entirely missing. If it had been buggy, we would have been in for a deeply uncomfortable night, but most of Wyoming is so dry that flies and mosquitoes are rare. They really only pop up around streams and after unusually rainy periods.
"Turn around," Kate said, as we all started to get our sleeping bags shuffled into place. "I wanna get changed."
"You're already wearing yoga pants," Evan complained. "What the hell's more comfortable to sleep in than that?"
"Just do it," Kate said.
"Oooh, taking them off?" Evan waggled his eyebrows outrageously. "Sleeping in your underwear? Kate, are you trying to seduce me with your naked body?"
"It'shot," she said. "And as if I'd ever try and seduceyou."
Weirdly, she was blushing. This was all entirely normal for Evan, and it was a real surprise to see her rise to the bait this way. I knew she was into guys as well as girls, but she couldn't actually have a crush onEvan,right?
Evan must have been surprised too, because he didn't have any witty retort to Kate's last insult. After a moment, he turned around with a shrug. There was an odd little smile on his face.
"Come on, Alex," he said. "Give the woman some privacy, you perv."
I rolled my eyes and turned around. Cloth rustled, and I imagined Kate sliding her pants down, peeling them off her broad hips and --
I shook my head. Where the hell had that come from? Kate was cute and all, but I'd never caught myself fantasizing about her before. We'd met a little later in freshman year, after...
After I'd already started to fall for Justine. Who had left.
Remembering that sort of took the fun out of the fantasy, even as I heard Kate stuffing her pants back into her bag. My body, though, seemed to have missed the memo, and I had to fight not to shuffle in place as my erection started to rise.
It was just hormones, I reminded myself. A week since Justine left, a week without sex or even jerking myself off. I hadn't been in the mood. And now, my cute friend was taking her pants off behind me, and it was totally normal for my body to react. It didn't mean anything.
"You're good," Kate said, a little muffled. I looked over my shoulder to see the sleeping bag pulled up to her chin.
"Cozy," Evan noted. She glared.
"Okay," Evan said, rising to a crouch to get at the little battery-powered lantern we'd hung in the tent. "See you guys in the morning."
"See us when?" I asked blankly.
"It's a lovely night," Evan said, "and you two are making this tent crowded, damp, and frankly pretty smelly."
"You can't sleep on the ground," Kate said, alarmed.
"Of course not," Evan scoffed. "I don't want to get devoured by prairie dogs. There's plenty of room in the bed of the truck."
"No harder than the ground is," I noted.
He nodded. "So, enjoy your smelly little sauna, and I'll see you when Lace tips us out of our sleeping bags at the crack of dawn."
I felt like I should say something. It really was a lovely night, and I almost suggested we just open the whole tent up, but before I could say it he'd switched off the light and ducked out into the night.
Kate muttered something.
"Hmmm?" I asked eloquently.
"Nothing." I heard her sleeping bag rustle as she turned over. After the glare of the light, the blackness of the tent was impenetrable. I could see stars through the open flap, but not even the silhouette of Kate beside me. "Just Evan being Evan."
I snorted, and lay back on my own sleeping bag. Somewhere in the distance I heard dull thumps and the squeaking of an old suspension as Evan climbed into the truck. Rosemary and Lace had their light out already, off on the other side of the nearly-dead fire. If they were talking, they were too far for me to hear it.
"When has Evan done anything else?"
Kate laughed, softly. "True."
My eyes adjusted slowly to the darkness. Kate was on her side, shifting every now and then. The night was deepening, the sky darkening to full black, and after a little while I was treated to a field of stars like I've rarely seen. I wasn't ready to sleep yet, despite the long and hectic day. And I couldn't stop thinking about Kate taking off her pants while I sat less than two feet away.
I edged slowly towards sleep like that, my thoughts drifting from the stars to Kate's pale legs as I lay in a battered tent. Then Kate rolled over and pressed right up against my back.
It didn't startle me. I'd been hearing her breathe while I lay there, and it wasn't a shock to brush up against her in the dark. But she rested her cheek against my back, and slipped a hand lightly onto my waist, and there was no mistaking that we had just crossed a divide from 'sleeping together as tentmates' to a much more intimate form.
"Kate," I murmured. She shifted, and there was no mistaking the feeling of her soft breasts squashing against me. Invisible in the darkness, they felt very large.
"Yes, Alex?" She spoke softly, lips very nearly against my ear. It sent goosebumps all down my back, and dispelled any ideas I'd had of Kate cuddling up to me in her dreams. She was very much awake.
"Are you... is this..." I trailed off. I was still struggling up out of a light sleep, and I couldn't find the words.Are you coming on to meflitted through my head, but what if I was wrong? What if she was only being drowsily affectionate, cuddling up against a friend, and I came blundering in to make it awkward?
And I was hard enough to prop up the sagging side of the tent.
"Mmmm." Kate's hand roved away from my waist, towards my chest, towards my hip. Tracing out the shape I made in the darkness. My skin sparked and tingled from the intimacy of it. "Is this... what?"
"Kate," I said, a little louder than I meant to. My voice sounded vaguely frantic. A moment later, I realized that I felt vaguely frantic.
Her hand stopped moving. Her breasts remained where they were.
"I... this is..." I rubbed my hand against my face, sounding a roughscritchscratchagainst the stubble on my chin. "It's way too soon since Justine. I barely even know which way is up right now, and we're out here trying to save the damn world, and --"
"Okay," she said.
"It's just so much," I said.
"Okay," Kate said again.
I caught her hand before she rolled away from me. "I'm not mad," I said.
"Good." There was a smile in her voice.
"I... that felt really nice."
She squeezed my hand, once, and then she turned over and went back to her side of the tent.
My mind was whirling. Of all the things I hadn't expected tonight, I'd probably expected this the least. I had never thought Kate was into me. I'd never really thought about if I was into Kate before, either, but now my skin was on fire where she'd touched me and my erection throbbed every time I heard herbreathe.Was it just proximity, and tension, and the rebound from Justine? I felt a sudden wave of guilt. Justine and I hadn't broken up, at least not in any kind of official way. Sure, there was a certain implication when she left a note sayingso sorry, abandoning you forever, but we hadn't actually said it was over. It suddenly seemed very important that we hadn't.
Kate's breath hitched. For a moment, I was sure she was crying, frustrated or upset about being rejected, and I tried desperately to think of a way to comfort her that wouldn't seem like I was reconsidering. And part of me wanted desperately to comfort her in a way that would seem exactly like I was reconsidering.
Then Kate let the breath out, heavy enough that it was almost a sigh. Underneath, I thought I heard something else, something faint. I couldn't pick out what it was.
Then Kate's breath caught again, and in the moment of silence I heard a wet little squishing sound, leisurely and rhythmic.
I refused to believe it. I turned my head, looked over at Kate. She was lying on her back, still, but I could just make out her outline against the lighter dark of the tent's thin walls. I watched her generous chest rise and fall with her breath, heavy and uneven, as the faint wet sounds continued. For a moment, I still wasn't sure, but then Kate shifted slightly, into the faint light coming through the open flap. And I saw the regular motion in the sleeping bag where she had her hand between her legs.
Somehow I must have given myself away, drawn my breath in sharply or made some small sound of surprise. "Sorry," Kate said, sounding not sorry at all. "I didn't mean to disturb you."
She was masturbating, there beside me in the crappy little tent, and I had no idea what to do. I wanted to kick out of my sleeping bag and slip into hers. I wanted to cover my ears and wait for it to be over. I wanted to ask her to stop, and I wanted her to refuse.
Instead, I lay there listening. I watched her shadowed shape in the little light we had, watched her run a hand up her chest and play with a nipple. I watched her head roll back, her hips buck, her chest heave. If the light had been better, I never could have kept watching. It would have felt too intimate, too much like an intrusion no matter what Kate had wanted earlier. But her silhouette was just vague enough that I could watch while pretending there was nothing for me to see.
Kate let out a tiny, breathy sigh, and I bucked my hips a little against the sleeping bag. I slid my hand down, almost reaching into my boxers before remembering that Kate would probably know exactly what I was doing. I snatched my hand back to my chest with a sudden stab of guilt.
"Don't stop on my account," Kate whispered. Her voice was low, husky with desire, smoky and lustful and very, very hot.
"I wasn't --"
"Oh yes youwere," she whispered. The tempo of her hand increased, just a little, the wet noises coming quicker and louder. "Go on, Alex. Please?"
It felt vaguely wrong, though I knew there was no reason for it. I was single, more or less. Kate was too. And we weren't even touching each other. Maybe I felt guilty about masturbating in front of someone else. It was something you mostly heard about in connection with flashers and perverts.
But Kate had started already, and even if it was hard to admit to myself, I was enjoying it. And she'd asked me to.
I gasped a little as I took hold of my stiff cock. This was unlike anything I'd ever done, and apparently it was working for me. I started stroking, much more slowly than I normally would. I was already close anyway.
"Oh fuck," Kate whispered. I looked up from where her hand was working at her crotch, and saw the starlight reflected in her eyes just a foot away from mine. She was watching me, and as I heard her hand speed up again, I thought she liked what she saw.
"You're gonna make a mess of that sleeping bag," she murmured. I thought I saw her lick her lips, but it was too dark to be sure.
"Shit," I said. She was right. I didn't want to get my cum all over a borrowed sleeping bag. With a mighty effort, I stopped stroking myself, but couldn't quite bring myself to let go.
"What?" Kate half sat up. "Don'tstop."
"But --"
She reached over, hand brushing against my chest and setting my skin abuzz with tension. She grabbed the side of the sleeping bag, and tugged down at it.
Oh.
She pulled it to my waist, then stopped. I realized I hadn't said anything. It was dark in the tent, but there was a little light. I didn't know how much Kate would see for sure, but it still felt like a big step to fully expose myself to her. Did I want that?
"You're gonna make a mess of that one, too," I whispered.
She giggled. "I'm not gonna spray jizz everywhere," she teased.
My heart was pounding. Kate was talking about my cum, about how I was about to shoot with her right there next to me.
"No," I breathed, "but you're getting messy already. I can hear how wet you are."
She moaned, and her back arched again. "You can't justsaythings like that," she whispered needily.
I grabbed my sleeping bag. "If you will," I said.
Kate didn't hesitate. She kicked and squirmed for a second or two, and then she was out beneath the stars. It looked like she'd lost her underwear at some point in the process, and as soon as she was free of the bag I could smell her arousal, musky and strong.
I grabbed my shorts and my boxers, shoving them down and taking the covers with me. My cock caught on the waistband for a moment, then fell back to my stomach with a meatythwack.
"Ohfuck," Kate groaned. Then she giggled again. "Shhh!"
It had been a little loud, but I didn't care. If our friends heard, they heard. But I thought the sounds of the Wyoming night had just about covered for us. I grabbed my throbbing, desperate erection and started to stroke.
Kate went wild. She grabbed her breast -- had she lost her shirt too? I couldn't quite tell -- and drew up her knees as she stared at my shape in the darkness. She shifted her hand a little, changing some angle or direction, and moaned almost silently as her whole body tensed up.
It was incredible. I'd never have imagined Kate, my short, nerdy friend, going this absolutely wild in bed. She was so vocal, so horny and needy, that it was driving me straight up to the edge after just a couple of strokes. I wanted to roll over, to climb on top and shove her hand aside so I could sink balls-deep into her dripping pussy, to wrap my arms around her and press her big tits hard against my chest. I knew it wasn't too late, knew she had planned or hoped for that when she came over to my side of the tent. But I didn't.
"Point it up for me?" Kate panted, barely able to get the words out.
"What?" I was lost in a fog of lust, struggling my way to understanding.
"Your cock," she moaned, and I almost came right there. "Hold it up -- I want to see it..."
Then I understood. I was jerking off like I usually did, dick pointing up along my body. Kate could see the motion, but I doubted she could make out any details. If I pushed it away, so that it was standing straight up into the air, Kate could see the shape against the faint light from outside.
I pressed it down, and I was so hard that it was almost uncomfortable to do. I didn't stop stroking. There was no way I could have ever stopped there.
"Oh ffffuck," Kate whispered, and she strummed her fingers against her clit and came.
She wasn't loud, but she was certainly vocal. She gasped and sighed and whimpered, whispered wordlessly and even grunted once or twice. It seemed like her orgasm lasted forever, but when it was over I was still rubbing my way towards mine.
"Mmmm," Kate said, stretching a little in place. "Oh, yum." She giggled again.
"Wow."
She turned towards me, sleeping bag rustling. Her wide hips made the curve of her waist look impossibly thin in comparison. "Did you..."
"Not yet," I said, and started to slow. It felt strange to keep going alone, but I couldn't imagine stopping now.
"No no no," Kate breathed. "No, Alex, please."
God, her voice was sexy. Desire in every syllable, pure sensuality in every word. The way she said my name alone would have made it impossible to stop.
So I didn't stop.
I jerked myself with my cock still pointing up towards the tent ceiling, and Kate murmured her approval. I spat into my hand, hoping some lubrication would speed things along.
"You could have borrowed some of mine," Kate said, dipping a finger back between her legs.
I bit my lip, tempted to ask for it. But I'd set some invisible line in the tent earlier, where we were talking and masturbating but not quite reaching across and touching, and somehow I didn't know how to cross that line now.
Then Kate put her finger in her mouth, tasting her own juices, and at the sight of that dirty little naughtiness I came. I don't know if I was as quiet as Kate was. The pleasure was so intense that I couldn't tell at all.
The cum shot up out of my cock so hard, I thought it might have hit the ceiling of the tent. It rained down on me, splatting on my bare stomach and on the shirt pulled up high on my chest. I bucked my hips, imagining that Kate had climbed atop me and was riding me while I came, and that thought made my head rush and the last shot of cum leap out from my dick to fall just above my navel.
Kate laughed, delighted, and I smiled. Fatigue rolled up on me in the aftermath of the orgasm, and I felt my eyes drifting closed.
"You got a little on my cheek," Kate said softly.
"Oh, shit," I said. "Sorry."
I heard a little popping sound, and opened my eyes just in time to see Kate's finger leave her mouth, scrape along her cheek, and dip back between her lips. It popped free again with the same sound. "Don't be sorry," Kate told me, pleased as a cat with cream.
"God," I groaned, feeling my spent and softening cock try to twitch at the sight. "I never knew you were such a freak."
She laughed again. "Now you do," she said, settling back in place with a rustle from the sleeping bag. She made no move to get dressed, and after a moment's thought, neither did I. Solitary as our exertions had been, we'd managed to warm the tent up quite a bit.
As my breathing slowed and the chill of the night started to creep back in, I thought. Justine was gone. Our relationship was over. And whatever Kate and I had just shared had felt incredible, electric and passionate even as we kept a distance between us in the dark. I still couldn't quite make sense of how I felt about it all. My hormones wanted one thing, but as I lay there in the clarity that comes after orgasm, I couldn't decide what was right.
"Kate," I said at last, wondering if she was even still awake.
"Mmm?"
"That was..."
"Fun," she suggested.
"Way more than that," I admitted.
"But?"
I sighed. "I guess I wonder what's next."
"Mmm." There was a pause. "I liked it," she said at last.
I smiled. "Yeah, we've been over that part."
She chuckled, just a little. "You said it was too soon after Justine."
"Not too soon for that," I said, not sure if I meant it. Not sure if I wanted to add that she'd been right, that we could have done more. That we should have done more.
"Good," she said, sounding pleased. Her voice turned a little more serious. "Alex... you were probably right. And for me too."
"Oh," I said. She'd decided for me. Was I glad?
"Rosemary and I weren'ttogether,exactly, but... there was something. It's probably too soon for me to get into anything else, too."
"Yeah," I said. "Okay, good."
"And especially with everything going on." I thought I heard a note of regret in Kate's voice. "She and I can't avoid each other right now. Better to wait."
"Better that way," I agreed.
Kate turned my way. I saw that little gleam of starlight where her eyes must be. "Maybe someday," she murmured, and her voice was a smoldering promise.
I smiled. I reached across the little space between us, found her hand, and squeezed. We stayed that way for a minute or two, and then I rolled over, pulled up my underwear, and drifted off to a deep, dreamless sleep.