John Mitchell had found his dream job.
It almost seemed too good to be true, serving as a personal assistant to a female entrepreneur that produced videos made to help people win at poker.
She had earned her money in various ways over the years, one of them being a nationally-ranked poker champion.
The videos made a nice profit as well.
John drove his '82 Cutlass Ciera to 452 Cedar Hills Court, in a posh section of Chittenden, Vermont.
There was an intercom at the gate.
He rang the bell and waited for the gate to open.
"Is this the famous John Mitchell?" kidded the voice at the other end, obviously that of Ms. Katherine Fairfax.
"It is," he clarified.
She buzzed him in.
Even the driveway was a long, long, winding trip.
"Jesus, this chick is loaded," he pondered.
Huge, plush, green lawns lined the outer edges of the driveway.
He parked his car out front and was greeted not only by Katherine, but all three of her daughters.
Mary Ellen, age 27, was her oldest. Sue, age 25, the middle child, and Paige, age 23, was the youngest.
All three were gorgeous, blonde-haired beauties, just like their mom.
John immediately noticed that Katherine, dressed casually in a pair of tight-fitting khaki pants and a red sweater top, had quite a nice caboose, big and round.
'Keep your mind on the job. That's your boss,' he thought to himself.
The four of them greeted John warmly and they all headed inside.
Katherine gave John a quick tour of the house, which is where he would be spending all of his time.
Talk about the ultimate work-from-home setup. It was an eight-bedroom house, just about what you would refer to as a mansion. The offices were downstairs, and John's provided a nice view of the spacious, in-ground swimming pool.
There was a resident cook and a maid.
"There is a fifth member of our family," Katherine informed her new employee, "and that is Abraham."
"He is such a sweetheart," Mary Ellen quickly chimed in.
"He is a wonderful person and I can't wait for you to meet him," Katherine gushed. "Right now, Abraham is working at the bowling alley, preparing for the next Special Olympic competition."
"Great," John said happily.
"We just love him. We sponsored Abraham for a tournament some five years back and we just fell in love with him," Katherine said as she casually took a seat at the kitchen table. "Soon after, he moved in with us and now works as our landscaper."
"Terrific," John said.
"He'll probably be home around six," Sue said offhand as the three daughters began to head out for the day.
"Well, but I think today he's gonna practice for a while after he's done work," Katherine clarified.
"Practice, practice, practice," Paige said in an upbeat fashion.
"We had a big blowout for his 30th birthday last weekend," Katherine said with a laugh, "so we're all kind of recovering from that."
*****
Over the coming weeks, John quickly settled into his new job and dug the surroundings, as well as the company.
He often swam in the heated pool with Kat and her daughters.
He loved the sight of Kat in her sexy, two-piece swimsuit, which hugged her big ass quite wonderfully.
He also noticed she was very well-endowed. She seemed to like showing off her big bosoms any which way she could, especially in a tight bathing-suit top that barely concealed them.
"So, how do you like it so far?" she asked John sexily, as he felt an erection growing quite steadily in his swim trunks.
"It's good," he said easily.
"It's great, actually," he added.
"Yeah, we're pretty laid back here," she said in a sweet tone, floating aimlessly about on a deluxe, blue and white pool raft, complete with a drink holder.
*****
John was in his office working on one of the poker videos the day he met the famous Abraham.
Piles of VHS tapes surrounded John's cluttered desk.
There was a light tapping on the door, and the personal assistant was quick to answer it.
It was Kat.
"John," she said with a wide smile. "There is someone I would like you to meet. This is Abraham."
Abraham was a tall gentleman, with boyish facial features but with a muscular, cut build. He looked strong, plenty strong.
"What do you say, Abraham?" Kat asked her tenant.
"P-p-p-p-pleased to meet you," he said, extending his hand for a shake.
John and he shook.
He seemed plenty nice, cordial, even cracked a smile multiple times. His mild stutter didn't break the momentum of the conversation.
Once he left the room, Kat informed John of Abraham's disabilities, none too severe. And they seemed to matter little, given how big a place he had won in all of their hearts.
He had won plenty of other things as well.
"Surprised he didn't volunteer to show you all of his trophies," Kat gushed. "He's usually a big showoff..."
*****
John was there the day Abraham rolled the second 300 game of his bowling career.
"Tell me, Kat. I felt weird asking. But is Abraham...black?" John gently asked of the light-skinned, young man, just wanting to clarify.
"His mother was white but his dad was black," Kat easily informed John, the entire group nestled into a pair of tables behind the bowling lanes, as they watched the competition.
"That would explain his athletic prowess," Chandler, a friend of the family, chimed in, not trying to add to any stereotypes but just stating his opinion.
Kat giggled.
"You should see him at basketball. Basketball, baseball, track - he's good at everything," she went on. "It just so happens bowling is his favorite."
Strike after strike, the cheers for Abraham grew louder and louder.
*****
Chandler came back to the house with Kat and John after the group munched on pizza and wings at the bowling alley, celebrating Abraham's latest accomplishment.
"Abraham's the coolest dude in the world," Chandler impressed upon John. "A legend, an absolute legend..."
Kat let go a hearty laugh.
"He didn't wanna show John all of his trophies though, Chand," Kat said to her friend.
"Pff, wait till he shows ya his biggest trophy," Chandler said offhand.
"Ohf," Kat recoiled, albeit with a chuckle. "Sorry, John...inside joke..."
"No worries," John replied.
*****
Kat couldn't wait. She loved showing off Abraham to friends so much so that she took John into Abraham's room one day when the resident landscaper was at his other job.
It was more than John had bargained for.
John was expecting maybe a shelf or two of trophies. Instead, he was greeted with a universe of shiny treasures, multiple shelves and cabinets filled with plaques, accolades and ribbons.
"Holy crap," he couldn't help but say.
"That's our local legend for ya," Kat said.
*****
MAY 7, 1986: THAT DAY AT GUTTER BALLS SPORTS BAR...
"We...," Kat boldly announced, over the various cheers and shouts, "are celebrating John's six months with the team."
Beer mugs clanged and shots went down.
It was a jolly - and very intoxicated - group.
"And sales are up," Kat added, "so, yippy!"
Everyone was starting to feel pretty warm and fuzzy.
"Hey, where's Abraham?" Chandler pondered aloud.
"Chand, he's working, out on the lanes," Kat said. "And after that, he's practicing..."
Another round of shots went down.
"This is the first time I really got drunk since...Abraham's 30th," the heavy-set Bob Likokovitz said.
"Now, that was a night," Kat commented.
"Yeah," Chandler chuckled, "the birthday boy went streaking..."
John was caught a bit off guard.
"John," Mary Ellen said, her face flushed, a smile breaking, looking directly at the personal assistant, "Abraham ran around the house completely nude."
"It was Chandler that dared him!" Kat jumped in.
Bob Likokovitz, downing a few more hot wings, admitted he put Abraham up to it as well.
Certainly a nice night of hijinks, so it sounded.
"One thing you need to know about Abraham, bit of an exhibitionist," Paige said with wide-eyed enthusiasm and delight.
Before John could even recover...
"Yeah, and the other thing you need to know..." Bob boldly began...
Kat simply smiled, feeling it was pointless to hold back any information at this point. She let it pour forth.
"John, look at me," said Sue discreetly, fighting back chuckles, "Abraham might have like...the world's largest penis."
John had just been hit with a lightning bolt. This news, given to him by Kat's middle daughter, had his heart racing and his stomach in a tizzy.
Something about women talking about a big male appendage always got his motor running. He just never expected it on this day, at this venue, when talking about, of all people, Abraham...
It was just further proof to never judge someone on their disabilities, but on their abilities, or extra-large abilities in Abraham's case.
"My man is frickin' huge," Chandler raved.
Kat's sexy, bawdy laughter could be heard loud and clear over the raucous crowd checking out the Red Sox-Mariners game. Al Nipper just threw a wicked curveball. But nothing compared to the one John just got hit with.
Kat, meanwhile, loved when Abraham got attention, even for his apparently-outsized male appendage.
"No, no, no, the best, the best is my mom," Mary Ellen tried to convey; although it was now hard to get a word in. "The best is my mom, bringing friends into the bathroom when Abraham's showering, to show them."
This racy tidbit only spiked the laughter to a more frenzied pitch.
"I'm serious!" Mary Ellen carried on.
"Let me clarify. That was one time, that was Betty," Kat tried to explain. "She (laugh), she didn't believe me!"
Kat felt further explanation was needed.
"John, Abraham likes company when he showers, so we chat," she revealed.
"Hey, hey, hey, first of all, if I had one like his," Chandler chimed in, "I'd be wanting to show the ENTIRE world. Second of all, if a gorgeous woman like Kat wanted to bring friends in and show? All the better..."
John was trying to calm down but it was difficult. He found Kat and her daughters that much more sexy and naughty moment by moment.
And all of this chatter was hardly offensive, just fun-spirited and appreciative of Abraham's many gifts.
"He's so proud," Kat laughed. "He'll just stand there with his hands folded behind his back like, 'yup, that's what's up...'"
"My man has got a big ole dick," Chandler bellowed.
Kat, herself, didn't use such coarse language but she and her daughters couldn't help but crack up with Chandler's apt description.
"If you want a comparison," Bob perked up, "I would say the inside spool of a roll of paper towels."
"And that's SOFT!" Chandler fired back.
Kat and the girls almost fell off their seats, in tears.
"Oh God, I don't think we wanna see it when it's at its fullest capacity, do we?" Kat asked in a mockingly petrified tone.
"It's kind of cartoonishly large," Sue went on.
"Can we get clarification?" Chandler posed.
"Clarification on what?" Kat asked as she took a sip of her light beer.
"How big?" Paige jumped in. "I dunno..."
"I don't think we wanna know, do we?" Kat laughed.
"I know you guys don't wanna know - you'll be put to shame," she teased.
"That thing's gotta be..." Bob pondered aloud. "Yeah, you're right, I don't wanna know."
For a moment, there was quiet. But not for long.
"Let's just it this way," Kat said with a wonderful smile. "It's big enough that for five years now, we haven't stopped talking about it (laugh)."
"Got that right," Chandler agreed.
"John boy, look at me," Chandler yelled out. "I know ya might here once in a while that so and so has a big dick or this guy has a big dick...Man, Abraham has a BIG dick..."
Again, the women were tickled to no end with such blatant discussion of the male anatomy, and one phallic phenomenon in particular.
This was turning out to be a dream job after all.
TO BE CONTINUED...
*****