I would like to thank Kimberly, my VE for her apt editing; without her help my story would not have seen light of the day.
*****
Chapter One
The first meetings
While walking through a not-so-busy street in the semi-darkness of evening, Anita wrapped herself tighter in her sari as cold gusts from the hills made her shiver. She grew up in small town located in the foothills of the Himalayas, in a peaceful hamlet, where the weather is cold throughout the year. The change in weather can be felt in early October at the onset of winter. As they walked together on their way back home, Anita was feeling unnerved by the odd silence and wry smile that lingered on Ushadi's face.
Last night, she could not sleep much and today, at the office, she tried to look normal. She tried to act spontaneous by clearing office files, talking to others and smiling, while remaining cautious and careful to watch for anyone who might have noticed that something was amiss.
The people of this town came from different parts of the country, searching for jobs or for business and brought along with them different languages, customs and cultures; changing to its present cosmopolitan character, in the last leg of eighties.
Ushadi is one of Anita's colleagues, forty-five or forty-six years, married and mom of a cute ten year old girl. The word, 'di' denotes elder sister. It is customary here to address a lady, elder by age and acquainted for some time, by putting 'di' after her name.
Anita met her about a year back, when she was a brand new employee. It was her first job, and at that time, she felt like a fish out of water. It was her first move from home, leaving behind family and friends from a small town to an unknown big town, where she would be working and living on her own.
Fortunately, on the very first day of her arrival into town, she found a room to rent with an attached bath and small kitchen. It was located in a good residential area, not far from office, on the ground floor of an L-shaped, two storied, roadside building. Anita's one room flat was in the front side of the plot. There was a big courtyard in front of the building, on right side of the entrance and in opposite to the courtyard, on left side of the entrance was her flat door. There was no floor on top of her flat and it was on the horizontal part of L. Three other tenants with their families and the landlord with his wife were living in the same building, but their flats were at the backside of the plot, on the vertical part of L.
Two tenants were on two ground floor flats and flats of the third tenant and the landlord were just above their flats on the first floor. It provided some seclusion in spite of living with so many in the same building. Rent was affordable and she did not have to think twice for taking the flat, as it was arranged by an acquaintance of her father.
It is not easy to get into a government job with thousands vying for the same position, especially with the competitive exam that is difficult to crack. She was studious and got the job within just a few months of graduation, but it was quite different from her college days. When she came to join the office, she did not know anyone in the town and tried to befriend her colleagues, but the responses were disheartening. The excitement of getting into her first job did not last long with the monotonous work, long hours and indifferent colleagues.
Her father accompanied her on the first day. She introduced herself to her colleagues but they did not show much interest. But Ushadi came to her, asking for her credentials, about her family and home. During her introduction, she interacted with her father and pacified him. He was worried to leave Anita alone in a new place but she told him not to worry and assured him she would take care of her. She did take care of her, talked to her, asked about her problems and in a few months, they were like the best of friends.
The other colleagues were mostly middle-aged men and few women. They knew that she got into the job straight from college, and was new in this town and living alone. Some of them had taken it as an opportunity, thinking of her as easy prey. When she tried to have little conversations they asked for dinner together or lift in a car and on her polite refusal, they started back-biting and turned rude. Repeated offensive incidents were wrecking her nerves, and at that time, Ushadi came to her support.
She knew them and suggested to Anita who to mingle with and whom to shun. She advised how to avoid some of those canny guys and Anita could adjust in the office atmosphere due to her guidance. In no time, Ushadi turned to be the only person, whom she could trust completely and became her close friend in spite of her seniority by age and service.
Ushadi was born and raised up in hills; she was the only woman from the hills who worked in the office. She came down to the plains to join the office when she was younger and single, like Anita. She fell for a colleague and got married but her husband was from the plains. Differences between hills people and plains people are plenty; languages they speak are different, clothes they wear are different, foods they eat are different. Men and women from the hills are different even by look. People from the hills have Mongolian features; like short height, whitish complexion, small eyes, and flat nose. People from the plains are tall and dark with sharp nose and wide eyes. Weather in the hills is cold throughout the year but in the plains it is very hot except, in the winter for four months. With such varied differences, even in fashions, custom and cultures; marriage between the two communities of hills and plains is very rare.
Maybe due to common origin and seniority by age, Ushadi treated her like a younger sister. She took it upon herself to protect and help her. Anita depended on her judgment about others and scrupulously followed her advices. Ushadi taught her new things, which were common in the plains, but uncommon in the hills.
Anita used to wear skirts and shirts or pants with tops, like her friends in the hills, but those dresses were not common in the plains. Women in the plains wear a sari or Kurta-Churidar. A sari is a six yard colorful drape, traditionally worn by women from the plains. Blouses and petticoats are to be worn underneath a sari. A petticoat is like a full length skirt and the blouse that is to be worn with a sari is different from the conventional blouse, worn with a skirt. The blouse for a sari is much shorter in length and it exposes the tummy. On the neck of the blouse, cuts are much deeper both in front and at the back and it results in showing wide cleavage and bare backs, unless covered properly with the pallu of a sari. The loose end of a sari is thrown over the chest and it is called pallu; for a new sari wearer, the pallu of a sari has to be safely pinned with the blouse on the shoulder. Unless it is pinned properly with a safety pin, it may drop, exposing the boobs in the blouse, which is considered inappropriate in the plains. Incidents of such pallu drops happen more when the sari material is slippery, like silk or chiffon.
Anita had never worn a sari in the past. She was eager to learn and try a sari but for a first timer like her, it could not be worn without assistance, consequently, Ushadi taught her how to wear a sari. They went together for sari shopping and in fact, her first sari was a gift from Ushadi. But for a naive like her, wearing and managing a sari all day long was very difficult for the initial few months.
Ushadi had taught her all the nitty-gritty of wearing a sari. She had also bought some Kurta-Churidar. It was another traditional set of women's wear, but much easier to wear and manage in comparison to a sari. Kurta is like a frilly top and a Churidar is like a loose leggings. In a few months, due to constant naggings and nudges from Ushadi, she stopped wearing skirts or pants and started wearing a sari or a Kurta-Churidar at office. She was always plump, after few months, her old skirt-pants did not fit and she conveniently switched over to a sari and or a Kurta-Churidar, discarding her old cloths.
She was feeling nervous for the whole day, since Ushadi had seen the writings on a small piece of paper. Paul, one of the colleagues had written and cleverly handed it over by keeping the piece of paper inside an office file on the previous day. Paul was young, maybe twenty-five years, senior to her by one year on the job and a local from the plains. He handed over the file and she took it, unsuspectingly, without knowing about the piece of paper, but it was meant for her. He might have thought that she would open the file then and there and see the writings but after taking the file from him, she left for the wash room, keeping the file on her desk.
The office room was big and was meant for mid-level executives, like her. Several sets of desks and chairs were placed face to face, in two parallel rows with an aisle in between. Visitors' chairs were placed in front of each staff desk. Ushadi's desk was next to Anita's, on the left, and Paul's desk was in the opposite row, at the far left.
She was in the washroom for maybe five to ten minutes and when she returned to her desk, she opened the file and found the piece of paper with an artistically handwritten note; you look sexy in a sari!
Upon reading the note, she looked at Paul and found him pretentiously reading something at his desk. Then she glanced left and found Ushadi busy with office files and with a sigh of relief, she presumed no one else had noticed the note.
Ushadi did warn her about Paul that he was a flirt with lots of girlfriends and he stared at women lustily. She told Anita that he stared at her frequently but she never found him staring at her. He was always courteous and decent.
But when she told that to Ushadi, she retorted, "Silly you! He stares when you're busy with the files. I'm sure he's trying to flirt with you. I've known him for long time."
Anita avoided him, considering her strong views. Though staring at someone could not be treated as an offence, but in a way, she thought, the piece of paper did confirm, how correct Ushadi was! But the note lingered in her head, it was an honest appreciation and instead of complaining, she should feel flattered but she did not want any trouble for him, and kept the piece of paper inside her purse.
Ushadi was stubborn about her views and Anita did not want to infuriate her. She thought to tell her about the piece of paper, on the way back home, but on the previous day, she left early. Ushadi did not tell her, nor did she notice when she left the office. She waited for her, not knowing about her early departure till 6:10 p.m.
Anita was walking alone and might have walked for five minutes, when she heard the sound of Paul's bike. He always roamed with his bike, a Royal Enfield, and with its distinct sound, she was sure that it was Paul, even without looking back. He came across and slowed down his bike.
"Hey, pretty, going home? Mind riding with me? I can drop you and you'll reach home early."
She replied with a smile, "Thanks for your offer, Paul, but I enjoy walking."
He looked disappointed. "Ok, as you like!" he said with a pause. "Since that oldie is not with you, thought you may like to ride!"
He was referring to Ushadi. He laughed loudly. It would not be wise to ride his bike, she thought, Ushadi may come to know and she would be angry.
She smiled again. "Thanks, Paul maybe some other day!"
He smiled, "OK, pretty, some other day, just let me know," he said before speeding off.
He was maybe five-ten or six feet, dark, and handsome and his dimple on left cheek made him cute. His dimple used to be more prominent when he smiled. He was jovial and mischievous like a child and it might be natural for women to fall for him. Anita liked him, since he was unpretentious, cheerful and what she came to know from Ushadi about his popularity among women, made him more attractive.
She saw him once with two young women, while she was roaming in shopping areas with Ushadi. She told her that one was his current and the other one was his ex- girlfriend. It was unbelievable, how he could be walking with his current and ex together. Ushadi might have been exaggerating or wrong, but they had a hearty laugh, wondering about his skill of managing two women at the same time.
Maybe she had walked for another five minutes and he crossed her again and stopped his bike. "Hey! Are you angry for my comment? You really look great in a sari! You do not want to ride my bike for that?"
Those are so typical about Paul and she laughed it off, "You are so silly! Thanks for your compliments and no, I am not angry with you. I have no problem with riding your bike but your girlfriends may get angry!"
His smile was discerning. "Do not worry; they are my problem, besides I do not have any steady girlfriend. Now get on my bike."
At least he was honest enough to admit that he had girlfriends. She thought for a while, unless someone, who knew her, did notice her on his bike and reported it to Ushadi; she would not come to know. She was not that known in the town and by riding his bike, she would not have to walk alone. She accepted his offer.
"Ok, thanks. I hope I do not cause you any problems."
It was a short ride since her place was not that far. On dropping her, he might have expected that she would invite him in, but she did not.
"Thanks, Paul. Good night and see you tomorrow."
He may be disappointed but left, waving his hand. She was about to go into her room, when the land lady called her to attend the phone.
There was no mobile phone in those days and she used to get call from her parents on the landlord's landline phone. Without unlocking the door to her room, she rushed upstairs thinking it would be a call from her parents.
"Hello!"
It was Ushadi at the other end.
"Have you seen what Paul wrote for you?"
Anita was in shocked silence for a moment but managed a feigned surprise, "No, what's it?"
The call got disconnected. How did she come to know about the note was her first thought and second, she thought that she had to tell her the truth. She would call her again. She decided to wait for the call in their drawing room and the landlady, whom she called 'Auntie', was in the room and asked her something, which she answered absent mindedly but even after waiting for five minutes, she did not call back. She had Ushadi's number, but she never used the landlord's phone for making calls. After chatting with Auntie for some time, she came down to her room, feeling awkward and guilty.
Ushadi cared for her so much, but she lied to her. She asked her to avoid Paul but she did not listen and accepted his offer for a lift on his bike. She never gave it a thought that Ushadi might have seen the piece of paper. But at the same time, there were resenting thoughts. Paul complimented her looks in a sari and it was not an offence. Maybe he was trying to flirt, but how did Ushadi came to know about the note and its contents? Neither Paul nor she shared anything about the note! Did she read the note before she did? It was not fair; she was making her defenses in her mind. Would Ushadi come to know that she rode on the seat of his bike? Her worries kept her up, prevented her from having any sleep last night.
Ushadi was walking with her on way back home. She did not ask her anything about the office, or about the note, or about Paul. Her silence was making Anita more nervous. She was thinking of ways to tell her the truth; that she had seen the note and she could not tell her that last night since the call got disconnected. But by then Ushadi stopped walking and looked at her with a wide smile.
"Hey, do you like Paul?"
She was perplexed to answer and shook her head, no. Blushing in the darkness, she wondered whether it was obvious to read on her face. Did Ushadi know that she dreamt of Paul last night?
Chapter Two
Knowing her better
I was never good with judging people, but that never prevented me from making big decisions. I fell in love with my colleague and we had nothing in common except the job. He was from the plains and his differences could be the main reason for my attraction. My parents had no objection but they were apprehensive and the reaction from his parent's side was also similar. We got married within a year of courtship and before our second anniversary, I got pregnant.
Motherhood was the biggest turning point in my life but it soured our marital relations. He was not caring, and due to his aloofness, I had a hard time managing both, my baby and my job. He moved away, taking a convenient transfer and eventually I had to raise my baby almost single handedly, who had just turned ten. He had to be reminded to come home for his weekend visits once or twice a month even then he behaved like a guest.
I did not want anyone else to fall in the same trap! Except me, Anita was the only woman from the hills, working in our office, and she was much younger than me, maybe twenty-two or twenty-three. She was fresh from college and was vulnerable. She did not know anyone here or about office work and I taught her all the nitty-gritty. I knew all about our colleagues and introduced them selectively with warnings that some may try to take advantage of her. I had introduced her even to my friends and family, I tried to solve her problems and treated her like my younger sister.
I taught her how to wear a sari and churidar-kurta since those were more suitable than skirts or pants at the office and even gave her saris as gifts. I assured her worried father that I would take care of her and I always protected her. I took her home and cooked her meals. We are both from hills, speak the same language and we have lots in common, though by age and looks, we were different.
I look more like a woman from the plains rather than from the hills. I am tall, 5'-8", I have wide eyes and a sharp nose, unlike woman from the hills. But she has got her distinct Mongolian look of a hills woman. She is short, maybe 5'-5", plump and fairer than me. I like her long, black, silky hair and it is much thicker than mine. She keeps it loose and it reaches her waist. Although the color of our hair is the same, my hair is shorter and thin. I wish I could have long, shiny hair. While I am very slim, she is a full-figured woman and in spite of her plumpness, she has got all the right curves in all the right places and she looks perfect and hot. The first thing anyone would notice in her must be her perky breasts, surely a C cup, maybe 34C and very big in comparison to my 32A. She used to wear tight tops earlier, making them look more prominent.
Earlier, she used to wear skirts or pants with tight tees or shirts and wearing such tight tops was punishing in the summer. It used to reveal the clear outline of her breasts and as she gasped for air, in the scorching heat, her low-cut tops used to reveal her deep cleavage. She wore short skirts that showed her thunder thighs, and most used to watch her with glee. I had seen how others in the office ogled her. Once, a one lady colleague asked me to speak to Anita about dressing properly. Since she did not want to offend or sound mean, considering mine and Anita's closeness, she thought I would be the right person to tell her. I personally had no problem with her dresses but she had to be careful about her dress and attitude in the office, especially when she was living alone, in an unknown town. I did not say her anything but I taught her how to wear and made her to switch over to a sari and Kurta-Churidar.
Most men in the office thought it would be easy to get laid by such a petite and hot young woman but I protected her and cared for her, as my sister. And then she started lying to me, for Paul! God knows how many girlfriends he had and she had chosen him! She was repaying me for my care by lying to me for a flirt like Paul! If she liked Paul so much, she should have told me and I would have helped her. I had seen him with many young women and I cajoled him to admit the truth that he had two girlfriends at the same time. And she had chosen Paul! Ok, let it be!
She too might have had many boyfriends back home or in past? Nobody reveals a dark past and I should not be so sure about her. She may be not as innocent as she appeared. Paul used to stare at her, I had seen that and it was not his fault. If you show your big boobs, it is natural for a young man to stare and she didn't know how to keep them in wraps. I am not the savior of her virginity; how could I when she wanted lose it! Would they be happy together? Would it culminate in their marriage? Who am I to think for them? Let them do whatever they want, but I will ask her once, whether she liked Paul. She lied to me for Paul!
Chapter Three
Sari trial
I wondered how she concluded from a simple note that I liked Paul. I didn't talk to him much and the note, appreciating my look, was surely his mischief. Maybe she had read the note or maybe it was just a guess, but she wanted to confirm that from me. I did not reply to her and laughed it off, but suddenly she was all in praise about him. She told me that he had lost his father at a tender age and due to his dedication and hard work, he overcame many obstacles in life. It was all new information and quite surprising, since she only asked me earlier to avoid him. I wondered whether my liking him had made him such a good boy to her!
We had little in common, different languages, different religions, we were from different cultures and societies and I had no reason to like or consider him to be my boyfriend, especially when there were plenty of worthy bachelors from the hills. Same applied for him too, he had lots of girlfriends and he had no reason to like me. Maybe she was reading too much into the note. She did not tell me that she had seen the note but I was sure that she did.
One evening, on way back to home, she proposed to go for sari shopping and I agreed. It was a new dress for me and the many compliments I received encouraged me to increase my limited stock of saris. It was good to Ushadi with me because I did not have an idea about quality and or the price of a sari. We spent an hour, selecting six different, single-colored, plain saris, and each one was beautiful. She was an expert about saris, and unless she guided me, it would not be possible for me to select from the huge stock they had shown us. Cotton is suitable for a slim woman, since it is fluffy and chiffon is suitable for a full-figured woman, since it clings to body, she explained. Chiffon is cheaper than cotton and Ushadi was also good with bargaining. After buying the saris, we bought some matching blouses of the exact same color and material as each of the six saris.
It was lazy Saturday, and I napped for two hours in the afternoon. When my doorbell rang, I was awake and thinking to get up from the bed. Unlatching the door, I opened it and Ushadi peeped into the room, "Hey Anita! What are you doing?"
I smiled, "Not much just slept awhile. Please get in."
I did not have to tell her, looking at my face and the unkempt bed, she would have understood. She came in and sat on the couch, kept opposite to the bed. Since we did not live far, on holidays, we used to visit each other's place. I needed tea to freshen up and asked her, "Would you like some tea or coffee?"
She nodded, "Tea would be fine for me."
Putting on water on electric kettle, I rushed to the bathroom and splashed cold water on eyes. The reflection in the mirror showed my eyes were swollen from sleep and after drying up my face with towel, I came out from the bathroom. On making and handing over her cup of tea, I sat beside her on the couch with my cup. We were sipping tea and chatting and she asked me, "Have you tried those new saris?"
"Nope, not yet," I replied.
She was surprised "Hey, why you are taking so much time? Bring those here and try them on now!"
She had taught me how to wear a sari and I nodded, OK.
By then, we finished our tea. On collecting her cup, I put both cups in the sink in the kitchen and then opened my wardrobe and took out all the new saris and blouses. I was wearing maxi, a house dress akin to house coat. I had taken one set of sari-blouse and went into the bathroom for changing. I was still not an expert in wearing a sari and it was taking time. She was impatient, "Hey, why are you taking so much time in changing? Come out, I will help you."
I told her, "I am done."
I came out from the bathroom. I checked in the bathroom mirror and found the brick red sari nice.
She smiled. "Wow, it is beautiful on you! You see, the colors I have chosen for you, compliment your skin tone. You look hot in it.''
I was checking myself in the dressing table mirror and on turning told her, "Thanks, unless you were there with me, I would not have chosen those."
She looked pleased, "Yes, I knew it would be nice on you. Try another one," she said.
On taking another set of sari blouse from the bed, I was going towards the bathroom, but she told me, "Don't go inside. Why don't you try them here? I can help you."
I untied my sari and put on another. I was wearing one by one, checking myself in the mirror. Each one was with splendid color, and since the material was chiffon, all were body hugging. I did not require help from her since pleats making is easier for the chiffon sari rather than cotton sari. She was seated on couch and I was turning towards her to show her how those looked on me. She continued her commenting with each sari I put on, "Wow, beautiful! You look sexy in it!"
Indeed, each one wrapped over my body like a second skin, showing every curve. While I was trying the last one, a moss green sari, she asked me, "Hey, change to a matching blouse and we can get a complete picture of how it looks on you."
I nodded in agreement. The front door was latched from the inside and I started opening my blouse, turning my back towards Ushadi. I did not bother to go to bathroom for changing my blouse and she told me, "Anita, remove your bra before changing to the green blouse."
I was surprised, "Why? How can I wear a blouse without a bra? It's so flimsy!"
She smiled, "Oh please try it without a bra. Let me see how it looks on you."
It was still unbelievable to me, "Are you kidding? Sure, you want me to try it without a bra?"
She winked with smile on face, "Yes, let us try it. Let me see how sexy you look without one!"
Silently, I removed the blouse and then I removed my bra and wore the matching green blouse. I was putting on my green sari, when she got up from the couch and sat on the floor to help me to make front pleats of the sari. When we were finished making pleats, I checked myself in the mirror. Like other saris, it was also beautiful but its flimsiness ashamed me. The light in my room was not very bright but I could see my breasts through my sari and blouse. She asked me to turn back while I was checking myself on mirror.
"Wow, you are so hot! Paul would love to see you in this sari," she said.
It surprised me, how would Paul see me? Why should I wear it? I tried to explain her, "Ushadi, I cannot wear this without a bra. You see how thin this sari is!"
She said nonchalantly, "You have to wear this, for me and Paul. You do not know how sexy you look on this sari. Paul would love it. Wear it and show it to him. He likes and wants you."
I tried to reason with her, "Oh no, please, I cannot wear it. It is different to wear before you, but not Paul."
I turned my back towards Ushadi and on removing my sari, I rushed to the bathroom to change out of my green blouse. When I came back wearing the same maxi, I found her seated on the couch. When she saw me, she got up, "Anita, I have to leave now. But please, you have to do it. You got the figure, so you should flaunt it. It looks so hot on you! Don't be so shy!" She winked and smiled.
She unlatched the door and steeped out from the room as I followed her till the gate. "Ok, I will think over it." I did not want to commit instantly.
**********************************************************
It was still not so dark and Ushadi was walking on her way back home from Anita's flat and she was thinking how she would change Anita's mind so that she would go without a bra. She was disturbed because of such awkward thinking but could not stop thinking how hot she looked without bra!
I can go without bra and it would not fetch even a second look but her breasts are full and perky. I had seen her in the mirror when she was changing her blouse. She looked so hot when she wore the sari without a bra, her entire breasts were visible through the sari and a nipple was poking through her thin blouse. I felt a little turned on; any man would go crazy about her. Paul would have been so happy to see this! I knew how to convince her but it should not be at the office, maybe somewhere else and she should try it soon.
Chapter Four
The invitation
I had been invited for a birthday party and I did not know either the birthday boy or his parents! I was told by Ushadi that the birthday boy was her daughter's friend and they lived in her neighborhood. Mother of the birthday boy, whom she knew for some time, lived in her neighborhood and the lady had seen me in her house. The lady had asked her to bring me along for the birthday party. It was quite uncommon in those days to see young women from the hills wearing a sari and the lady had seen me in a sari and told her that it looked great on me. I agreed to attend the party and Ushadi told me to wear the sari for the birthday party, and even chose the sari, which I should wear for attending the birthday party. She suggested I wear orange, one of my six new saris.
I reached Ushadi's house around 7 pm wearing the orange sari, as suggested, and as I pushed the doorbell, she opened the door smiling. "Wow! You are stunning in this sari."
I had been to her place before, many times. It was a three storied building with two flats on every floor. Ushadi's rented flat was on the ground floor, at left side from the gate with a small balcony in front side, two large bedrooms with attached baths, big drawing-cum-dining room and kitchen at the back. I sat on a big sofa, kept in her drawing room and there was no one except Ushadi. She told me that her daughter wanted to go with us but being impatient, left for her friend's house. Ushadi was still in her house dress and asked me to wait a while then she went inside to get ready.
After a while, she called me in. "Come here, we can talk while I'm getting ready. You're sitting alone."
She was in her bedroom and I had not entered her bedroom before. It was a big room with lots of empty places at the centre of the room. A wooden sofa set with a small centre table was kept in the far left corner of the room and a big wooden bed was placed on the opposite side, at the far right corner of the room. A wooden dressing table with an oval mirror and a wooden wardrobe were kept side by side at the centre, along the wall, just opposite to the entrance door of the room.
She wore a chocolate colored sari with lots of small white embroidered motifs, spread throughout the sari and it was gorgeous. When I entered into the room, she was applying makeup, standing in front of the dressing table and our eyes met in the mirror. As I sat on the sofa, she turned towards me with an evil smile on face, "Hey, we have to try tonight! You need to re-dress here without the bra, take it off!"
I was startled, shocked, but managed to fumble, "Please, not tonight. It's a birthday party. Lots of kids and parents must be present there. I'll surely, as you have suggested but may try some other day."
Her smile vanished, as she retorted, "Why don't you listen to me? You need to practice and I'm with you. You have nothing to worry about."
I knew, when she asked me, I had to try that but did not expect that it would be so soon. I could hear my heartbeats in the silence of the moment. I could not confront her but even thinking of doing that tonight, made my nervous.
She was still applying makeup and checking in the mirror and my silence made her look at me. I looked away to avoid eye contact and she told me, "You are shy, I know. Ok, I'll give you my stole. It is still cold outside and you can wear the stole over your sari. It will cover up you and you do not have to remove it, if the place is crowded, Happy? Now stop worrying and smile."
I looked at her, meeting her eyes briefly but I could not smile. She came towards me, "Hey, Anita, what's wrong? Don't you trust me?"
She touched my chin and raised my face with her fingers, "You don't know how hot you look and who won't like that? Nobody knows you there and we can safely try. It won't be uncomfortable and you should be proud of your sexiness."
I did not say anything in reply and she said, "Ok, to give you company, I won't wear a bra."
She thrown the pallu of her sari and started unhooking the blouse as I quickly downed my eyes. She continued, "But I'm sure nobody will give me a second look."
On turning back, she stepped towards the wardrobe. When I raised my gaze, I saw her bare back as she removed her bra and put on the blouse. She opened the wardrobe door and took out a stole and came back to me. "I will also wear one, to give you company."
She handed it over to me, "It'll match with your sari and I got it for you."
I took the stole from her. It was a black stole with lots of needle work in white, contrasting with my orange sari. I thought for a while, she would be wearing a stole to give me company, so it would not be odd and I would not remove my stole in case the place was crowded. I did not know anyone at the birthday party except her and I could try as she suggested. Nodding head, I got up from the sofa and headed towards her attached bathroom but she stopped me.
"You don't have go to bathroom. Come on, you can change here. I am done," she told me, moving back from the mirror.
I came back and stood in front of the large oval mirror of her dressing table, as she sat on her bed. I was excited but nervous and my hands shook when I removed the pallu of my sari. Standing in front of the mirror, I unhooked my blouse in front and took it off. I kept my blouse on the small stool, which was kept in front of the dressing table at right side. My hands reached behind my back and I unhooked my bra. I could see her staring towards the mirror and our eyes met in the mirror when I removed my bra. I put on my blouse again.
She said, "Anita, you have beautiful breasts! I wish I had some like yours. I am so small." She giggled.
By then, I had regained my composure little bit and smiled at her. "Shhhsh...Thanks."
She was trying to raise my sinking soul with flattery but I knew that my breasts were nice and I could see them through my blouse, even after putting the pallu of my sari over my blouse. She got up from the bed and handed me the Kashmiri stole. I put that stole over my sari. I got goose bump on my arms thinking how weird it would be if I have to remove the stole.
I turned back and said, "I am done. How do I look now?"
She smiled and replied, "Splendid!"
***********************************************************
Ushadi was not sure that she could make her go for the party without a bra and she felt like she won a war. A birthday party for a kid may not be the right occasion but she had to try soon. They lived nearby and she had known them for years. It should not be too crowded, being a residential area for the people from the plains. Mom of the birthday boy had seen Anita in my house and she was surprised that day to see a young woman from the hills wearing a sari. She told me to bring her for the birthday party and tonight they would see how different she was from them and how sexy she looked. Strangely, I felt proud about presenting her tonight before them.
I did not know if I would be able to ask her to remove the stole. Kids may be in the room or the place might be crowded and in such a case, I would not ask her to do that. I told her not to remove her stole until and unless I removed mine and that would be the signal for her. She would do the same, following my signal and if necessary, I would wear my stole again and she would follow my move. I did explain to her about my signal and I was very excited to see their reactions.
She would not know anyone present there and it would be easy for her. Parents of the boy may be surprised but they could not be too critical of her, after all, she was from the hills and from a different community. It might go as her ignorance about wearing a sari. We might get some secluded spot to start with. I was excited as well as worried.
******************************************************************
It was a small birthday party and the lady we met at the gate, must be the mom of the birthday boy. I may have seen the lady at Ushadi's house but failed to remember. She greeted us and took us into a room, where the kids were running and shouting and half of the birthday cake was kept on a table in the room. She called her son and a cute boy came running, with folded hands greeting 'Namaste.' Wishing him "Happy Birthday,"I handed him the package of gifts I was carrying. With a quick "Thank you" he ran to join his friends. She requested us to proceed inside. On our way, we crossed a room full with men seated on sofas with plates, watching TV and she took us to a room at the end with ladies seated inside.
All of the ladies present in the room were middle-aged women from the plains. We were made to sit on two chairs, kept side by side in a corner of the room. All eyes fell on us and they might have known her as they smiled to her but they kept looking at me; maybe because I was unknown to them or maybe because I was the only woman from the hills, different by look and wearing a sari, the attire of women from the plains. Ushadi did not look like a woman from the hills and I was the only odd one. Mom of the boy talked to her for awhile and asked me to be comfortable. I smiled to her, "Thank you," And she left the room asking, "Please excuse me. I'll be back in a while." Surely, she needed to attend others.
All the ladies present in the room were wearing colorful, gorgeous saris and plenty of gold ornaments. My plain orange chiffon looked dull in comparison and I was not wearing any ornaments except a pair of earrings and a wrist watch. I had a gold chain but it was covered under my stole and none except the two of us were wearing stoles over our saris. The weather was not cold and the room temperature was pleasant.
I could not speak but understood only a few words of their language and I remained silent as it was not possible to converse with them. Ushadi was talking to most of them and as she introduced me, with smile and folded hands, I told them, "Namaste." They smiled back and she was talking about me as I heard my name as she continued talking. I was relieved by thinking that she would not ask me to remove my stole since most of them were known to her.
I sat silently, watching them as we were served coffee and cakes, followed by food plates. Mom of the birthday boy entered into the room and by that time we finished our food. She talked to the others and enquired with Ushadi whether we had food as the lady looked at me and smiled. I smiled back but could not say anything due to the language problem. Few of the guest ladies got up to leave and the lady left the room with them.
We were seated in a corner of the room, beside the door, facing the others and Ushadi was seated on my left, at the extreme corner. There were six or seven ladies in the room by then. We were served coffee again and on finishing the coffee, Ushadi got up to throw her paper cup in a trash-bin, kept in the opposite corner of the room. I followed her but on coming back to my seat, I watched in horror as she took her seat removing her stole! No one noticed when she removed the stole but I was terrified to think that I had to follow her cue. They would surely notice under the bright lights of the room that I did not put on a bra. I could not look at Ushadi and my hands trembled. Ushadi kept the stole on her lap and I sat tight looking at my feet. Other ladies in the room were chatting among themselves.
On receiving a light pinch on thigh, I looked at her and she winked with wry smile. It made me more nervous and whispered to her, "Sorry, I can't do it here."
She said, "Not many left here. Do it now, you can."
She should have been worried since they were known to her and I did not know anyone in the room. I would not see them in the future, so why should I bother, I thought. On removing my stole, I kept that on my lap and lowered my gaze. The room fell silent in five minutes and they were not chatting anymore. I lifted my glance and saw them looking, with eyes fixed on me. Oh my God! They all were watching me and my feet turned cold, as I followed their gaze, I checked myself!
Flimsy chiffon stuck on my body, showing the shape, the size and even the skin tone of my breasts. I noticed with a sudden flushed face that even my areola was distinct by colour and a nipple poked through my sari, making it more prominent. It may have been for five minutes but it felt like an hour, as I sat there without my stole. They were stunned, silent, and then our host, mother of the birthday boy entered into the room.
She may have been surprised by the complete silence in the room but when she glanced towards me, she might have grasped the reason. She came to me and nudged my arm. I looked at her and our eyes met, she smiled and said, "Anita, you may catch cold. Wear your stole."
I answered her, "Yes," but it was not audible even to me and I put on the stole. Soon the room came back to normalcy with sounds of chatting starting again but I could not follow what they were talking about.
I looked at Ushadi and found her smiling at me. I could hear only my heartbeat then and it was so fast, as if I ran about a mile. Turning my head from Ushadi, I glanced at the other ladies, seated opposite from us and found them still looking at me in a kind of disbelief, but talking among themselves. I knew they had seen my breasts clearly and though my face was still red and burning, I felt excited. My nipples were still hard and moistness crept into between my thighs. Ushadi held my hand briefly as if to assure or encourage me as I whispered to her, "Thanks."
She insisted and provided me such an opportunity. I did not know how I passed those moments but then I said, "Mind leaving now?"
She nodded.
I did not look at those ladies while coming out from that room and the host, mom of the birthday boy accompanied us. Husband of the lady joined, while we were leaving and Ushadi talked to him. As we reached their gate, the host lady held my hand and leaned into me whispering, "Anita, you look so sexy in your sari and your breasts are so beautiful!"
It was another spurt of redness that covered my face, as I tried to put a smile. She winked and smiled back with, "Thank you."
Elina, Ushadi's daughter came out from the house and we took leave from them, bidding goodnight. We had spent about two hours there, and on way back we walked silently. On reaching their home, Ushadi gave the door keys to Elina. She waved me 'bye' and went in. Ushadi was smiling again and I told her that I would return her stole the next day. She hugged me and said, "Brave girl! We'll do it again, soon. Love you."
****************************************************************
Ushadi could not still believe what they did in the birthday party! I had almost goaded Anita to do it. The gathering was small and most of them, present there were known to me. A sari-clad young woman from the hills, attending the birthday party in our locality is not common but none would have thought that she was not wearing a bra inside with such a flimsy sari. She looked hot in her orange chiffon and drew the attention of all in the room. They were asking me who she was and how I came to know her. I told them that she was new and recently joined our office. I knew she would not understand our conversation and told them that she was engaged with a local boy. Since it was not cold, one of them asked me as to why we wore stoles and on taking the opportunity, I removed my stole. I knew Anita would have to do the same.
I was wondering about their reactions. How they would take it when they come to know that she was not wearing a bra. She was nervous and refused to remove her stole and I had to pinch her twice to remind her. And then, she did! Wow, her breasts were very clear with such a transparent sari-blouse and under the bright lights of the room. They were spell bound and watched in disbelief ups and downs of breasts with her heavy breaths. When our hostess entered the room, she was shocked to watch such blatant show. She was all in smiles and surely liked what she saw. Anita did not say no, when I asked her to remove her bra and she might have enjoyed it too! She was so sweet and brave and I promised her that we would do it again.
*************************************************************
Leaving her house, as Anita walked towards home, her pounding, thudding heartbeats slowed down but mixed feelings of guilt, shame and fear engulfed her as she was engrossed in thinking; I never dared something so weird but wetness between thighs reminded how excited I was! On reaching my home and entering my room, I took off the stole as I wanted to know how revealing it was. I took off my sari, throwing it on the floor, switched on all the lights in the room and stood in front of the mirror of the dressing table. The blouse fit perfectly, cupping my breasts almost like a second skin and the sheerness of the chiffon exposed them in such detail that even the difference in skin tone of my areola was distinct through the blouse. They were perky even without a bra and nipples erupted through the blouse, and they had seen it all.
I recalled the scene, the faces of the women in the room; their spellbound look, as they looked directly at my breasts in disbelief and did not even bother to shift their eyes when I looked at them. My knees weakened as I thought about them, feeling again the weird excitement and moving backwards, I sat on the bed. I could still see myself in the mirror, which was kept opposite to my bed. I cupped my breasts through that sheer blouse, wondering, did they like what they saw? Did they feel jealous or long to see more, my bare breasts? As I pressed on them, they responded by craving for more and I continued pressing, enjoying the sensation, and I closed my eyes. Just at that moment, someone knocked and pushed gently on the door, opening it half way.
I did not latch it from the inside and I saw my landlady standing outside the door, almost entering into my room. I jilted, trying to gather my sari from the floor and in a kind of shock, she pulled the door hurriedly, saying "Sorry."
I shouted, "Oh no, Auntie, please come in."
Quickly gathering the sari, I wrapped it over my body and rushed towards the door. She was leaving but turned back, and on seeing me at the door, she came back and entered my room.
She said, "Sorry, I didn't want to disturb you but I just wanted to say that a guy came in the evening and he was asking about you."
She was looking at the disarrayed condition of my sari and eyeing up my half nakedness with a faint smile. I could just loosely wrap the sari and most of it was gathered near my chest.
"Did he leave any message for me or his name?" I asked her.
She replied, "I came out when I heard someone knocking at your door and found him. I told him to come afterwards but didn't ask his name or anything. Sorry."
She was standing and I requested her to be seated. She sat on the only sofa in the room. Trying to sound composed, I asked her, "How does he look?"
She grinned and asked, "Oh, he's young and handsome. Is he your boyfriend?"
I replied with blush, "Nah, I don't have any."
She smirked, "Really? You have no reason for not having any boyfriend. I had lots at your age."
She was fifty-nine or sixty but looked like fifty-two or fifty-three and gorgeous even at that age. Surely she charmed many in her youth. Moving towards the bathroom, I asked her, "Would you mind sitting five minutes? I'll just change my dress."
She stood up from the sofa and said, "Oh no, please carry on what you're doing. I have to go."
She winked and grinned before leaving. Hot flush reddened my face as I followed her to close the door. Did she notice what I was doing? Oh my God, what did she think of me!
On latching the door, I removed my sari-blouse and moved to the bathroom. I took off my blouse and petticoat and put on a maxi. Maxi is like housecoat, a loose fitting robe and comfortable to wear at home. After brushing my teeth, I washed my face with cleanser, hands and legs with soap and then dried with a towel. I put moisturizer on my face, hands, and legs and removed my panties, as I do not wear underwear while going to bed.
My mind was wandering to the eventful evening and the whole thing was constantly turning me on. But cold water had a calming effect. I switched off the light, except the night lamp as I cannot sleep in dark room. I lay down on the bed and pulled the blanket up over me, but I was not sleepy. Happenings of the evening were coming in flashbacks, making me more restless. It came to me with lots of distortions, like a dream but I was wide awake. Ushadi asked me to bare my boobs as we were seated in the room among other ladies. The ladies in room waited in eager anticipation and I downed my gaze as I could not look at them and meet their eyes. She nudged me, as I did not listen to her and the hostess standing next to my seat was smiling as she bent down towards me. I raised my gaze, and as our eyes met, she was still smiling, and she placed her hand on my back and expertly unhooked the buttons and pulled off my blouse, revealing my bare breasts in front of them.
I sat numb; looking at my feet and it seemed like hours. As I raised eyes, I found those ladies in the room, bent forward and looking at my bare breasts intently. I turned to Ushadi, as if she was my savior but her eyes were sparkling with a smile. She put her hand on my back and pushed forward, making them tauter. Oh my God, the dream made me so wet and I could not resist the urge to touch myself. As I continued touching, deeper and faster, it ended in a blissful cum, and exasperated, I fell asleep.
I woke up early in the morning with the sound of chirping birds. Every morning, a couple of birds used to come and sit on the backside window of my room, chirping merrily and I used to open my eyes with their chirpings. Sunrays peeped into the room, but feeling lazy, I preferred to lie down for some more. I felt refreshed from the sound sleep. Usually, I wake up at 7 am, after visiting the loo and taking a glass of water on an empty stomach, I do yoga and some free hand exercises for an hour. Thereafter, I had to make tea and a light breakfast for myself and then around 8 am, I start cooking the meal for the day.
Overcoming laziness, I got up from the bed early and followed my daily schedule. As I was filling water for tea, happenings of last night came back to my mind. My sari and blouse were unkempt, lying in a corner, on floor and on folding those; I put them in the cupboard. As a guilty feeling engulfed me, I started thinking. I trusted her so much, followed whatever she said, and she took advantage. Why she did that to me? She wanted to show me before her neighbors. She wanted me to like Paul. Why should I listen to her? She only told me before that Paul was bad, but she had changed her opinion about Paul. Why? Paul must have flattered her enough. How did Paul manage her? He was such a sweet talker! I would not listen to her again, never!
[To be continued]