(The author invites you to enjoy the first three parts of this story, all available on the Literotica website. Here's the conclusion, with a surprise ending.)
Lucy returned from down the hall, holding the towel and the small handbag, which she now held over her twat. She joined us in hearing the rest of the instructions about the new pose. Then, she winked at us, announced that she had just the thing for this new pose, and, with a grand flourish, she tossed aside the handbag to flash us her newly bared mons! Apparently when she'd been in the ladies' she honoured the suggestion to remove her remaining pubic hair. With a hardy round of applause we showed appreciation for her new look. Now she appeared more naked than ever! Not just nude, but deliciously naked!--stripped!--bare!! Louis exclaimed that he hadn't seen his sister like this since they'd been young kids together! And Jonathan remarked that this was the first time he'd ever seen his mother without hair between her legs. Her dad said it was like having his little girl back.
As for me, I liked seeing her cunt totally bare, with the beauty of her lips on full view. And I liked that I was sharing this view with others.
Without the pubic hair, the only color on her otherwise totally bare body was her lipstick, nail polish, and those dark pointy nipples that were still driving me crazy!
She took bows in each direction then hopped onto the futon according to instruction, reclined and waited for one of the men to join her. Lying there naked and vulnerable, without even a patch of pubic hair to shield her womanhood, she surveyed the room and asked Ned, the quiet unassuming older guest she'd only just met that evening, to join her. He agreed, and within minutes he was nude with his legs positioned under hers, his fingers on her clit and his face at her nipples. Sarah and another woman maneuvered the two models until Ned's penis was a few centimeters in. Alas, after only a few minutes, Ned developed a leg cramp and was forced to terminate the pose, but not before spurting into her. He apologised, but in return she gave him a quick peck on the cheek.
Lucy then asked Ahmed, a younger artist, to join her. As his penis was being positioned into Lucy, perhaps halfway in, he suddenly stiffened then ejaculated. His penis went limp and slipped out, so he had to withdraw also.
Whilst waiting for the pose to be set up again, someone asked Lucy if she'd been discovered out in the hallway, and she replied "Yes, the Headmaster happened to just then be walking by, and when he asked why I was wearing only a towel I just pulled the electric from my handbag, whipped the towel aside and pointed to my pubes and told him I needed to groom myself for the next pose, and then after he passed, I glanced behind and caught him staring at my bum, so I figured now I had something on him as well!"
Lucy was patient while the cocks of two more men, Steven and then Phil, were fitted into her, but neither could stay in after ejaculating into her. I'd helped feed each of those cocks in, holding her open as best I could, but somehow the angle just wasn't right.
I could see that Lucy, resplendent in her nakedness, was not about to give up. She bravely kept herself open (literally) and available as we tried each new cock in her. Many of the men came inside her before withdrawing, leaving her wet and waiting for the next one. After each failure, she smiled, caught her breath, then suggested we try another. I could see the cum pooling in her cunt, left open as each cock was withdrawn. She really wanted to get this pose right.
Three more cocks were tried in her, unsuccessfully. So she asked for Michael again but once we got him in, Lucy complained that his oversize cock was too much just now. Another fellow, Matt, offered his thinner cock, but when we tried putting him in he kept slipping out. Lucy theorised that maybe her cunt was too slippery with so much cum. This made me want even more to have my own cock inside her, to feel the warm squishing slickness there! I knew from experience how nice it felt to fuck Lucy with her cunt overflowing with cum, and now I longed for it ever so much.
She remained in pose with her legs open, trying several more cocks, then, finally, asked for me! Me!! She and I had done this position in the past, and we both knew I was a sure thing. The next cock to go inside her would be mine! Yes!
As for my feelings, I liked that she'd spent the whole evening posing with others before it became my turn. That she'd been--oh, by the way, no big deal--fucked by them made it even nicer--a very big deal for me! Her willingness to do this without shame or embarrassment was in part what made her so interesting. Also, of course, her complete dedication to art. But I also knew her as a fantastic fuck, and took delight that other artists knew her in the same way.
Aside from incidental fucking whilst modeling, she refrained from sex outside her marriage, and had been with only a small number of lovers before that. But now, since art was her life, the very essence of her being, Lucy would make any sacrifice to advance the boundaries of art. If that called for nudity and erotic poses, indeed what most people would call fucking, she was always open to the challenge--literally.
Regardless of her limited definition of sex, I'd enjoyed the pleasure of fucking Lucy in previous sessions in this very studio, and she made each time into an exciting new adventure. I was confident tonight's 'artistic penetration' would be just that!
Here was a beautiful art model, posing nude, and now it was my turn to pose with her. And to fuck her.
Not wanting to waste time with a robe, I stripped off right there, my cock immediately at full readiness. It took some minutes to bring my breathing under control. I felt like all that mattered about me was my cock, and the remainder of me would just have to follow it. Fully erect, my dick felt more sensitive than I'd ever remembered, and I made no effort to conceal it. This was my tribute to Lucy, and I aimed it directly at her. She acknowledged my gesture with an inviting smile, and nudged her legs even further apart. I could have come right then and there, but strained to hold off. As I moved closer, I became intensely aware of the immediate purpose of my cock: to fill the wet, slick, cum-filled naked opening displayed before me.
I slid my torso between Lucy and the sex-soaked sheet. Sliding my cock into Lucy, I could feel the warm cum of all the previous men, along with Lucy's own juices, oozing out around my own cock. It all felt so warm and comforting. I really liked posing with Lucy. She had such a talent for art and for what made a good pose!
She'd held me off until the end because she knew I liked her to be slippery and wet, both inside and out, and that I loved the scent of sex on her. And she knew I admired her bravery not only for her uninhibited nakedness but also because once nude, she persisted until we got the pose just right. Other models might simply be nude, as for art, but Lucy became naked, as for sex.
Once my dick was properly inside, I placed a thumb and one finger around Lucy's clit, and nuzzled my face to her tits. That accomplished, the pose was set. It was indeed a very difficult pose to hold, and I could understand why Ned had developed a cramp and why Ahmed and the others had come too early, and how some kept slipping out or how the others just couldn't get it right, and why so many had tried and failed, some twice or more, as Lucy dutifully held herself open for this difficult pose. She was done being fucked by the other artists, now it was my turn, my cock was in her cunt, and so far so good. As usual, no motion for about twenty minutes.
To me, she was not simply a nude model holding a pose; she was the very essence of raw, uninhibited, sexual, emotional, vulnerable, sensitive, flesh-and-blood womanhood. Not detached from the scene as many models are, but fully present, alert, and completely engaged in the unorthodoxy of what she was doing!
I could feel Lucy's heartbeat through the walls of her vagina. I was happy: my cock was in her cunt, my hand on her clit, my face between her tits. But I was most pleased with the tenderness she was choosing to display with me in front of our group: friends, her parents, her brother, and even her son, all examining and sketching the shapes and colours our intertwined bodies formed, paying particular attention to where we were joined sexually. I anticipated seeing their finished drawings.
Lying still, we both managed to avert climaxing. I wanted this bit of heaven to last forever.
I couldn't help but wonder what Lucy was feeling of my cock, if indeed she could feel my cock at all, after she'd been stretched to take in Michael's full size. Before I could ask, she reassured me, whispering in my ear:
"Yes I did take Michael's cock into my cunt tonight, and yes, I am meaning to have more of it in future, but mind there's nothing quite so sweet as having my own lover snug within me at the end of the evening. Yes I take in all those cocks for the sake of art, but when I take in yours I take in your whole being. They fill my cunt with cum but you fill my life with love. Now, as time's up, dear husband, we can leave now and finish this at home."