In the words of Monty Python, and now for something completely different. A funny thing happened whilst working on other stories; I got distracted by a beautiful woman. As usual, all characters are 18 years of age or older...
***********
The first time I saw her, she was sitting at a table at an outdoor cafe.
She was wearing a black, sleeveless dress that embraced her and made me wish I could do the same. Her hair, reddish brown, was a touch longer than shoulder length, and I watched as she pulled it to one side, exposing her neck and ear. She was talking to a girlfriend; about what I do not know, but her smile was beautiful and warm, her laugh free and enticing.
And then she shifted in her chair and crossed her legs, and I was lost in lust of her beauty.
I sat there far longer than I should have; I simply could not bear to walk away as long as she remained. She looked my way once, catching my gaze for only a moment before looking away again.
I'd been caught and dismissed as surely as if I'd been vying for her attention at a nightclub.
She finally got up to leave. She and her friend exchanged embraces and kisses on the cheek, and then she turned to walk away.
Every curve, every line of her body screamed beauty and woman. From the sleek lines of her neck to the delicious swell of her breasts, to the graceful curve of her ass and the finely sculpted shape of her legs, she was magnificent.
I watched her walk away, my eyes drinking in each sway of her hips and flex of her calf muscles as she strode away like a sated cat. I sat there for another fifteen minutes after that. I needed to finally pay my bill, and I needed, too, to catch my breath and let my erection subside.
My beautiful mystery woman was long gone when I finally got up and headed for my new apartment. I'd been in town for only a matter of days. It made no sense for me to hold out such hope, but I prayed I would see her again.
_______
I'm a writer. My decision to move to the island caught a lot of people by surprise, but I wanted a change of scenery, and moving to the island had definitely been the ticket.
The locals were friendly and welcoming, the beaches were relaxing, and if the young woman I'd spied was any indication, the scenery was ravishing.
_______
That night, I ate a simple dinner and found a movie I wanted to watch on TV. I flipped off the light, settled into my sofa and let the swirl of sound and light begin to wash over me.
Half an hour into it, lights came on in the apartment across the way. There wasn't too much distance between our apartments. To call it a street was reaching. Little more than five meters separated us; certainly less than ten.
This could prove interesting, I thought. I'd really only met a couple of my neighbors so far; an old woman with a half dozen cats and a married couple about my age who nevertheless seemed newly married enough to still be infatuated with one another. Across the way, my as yet unknown neighbor had their curtains open. I could see all that went on in their living room.
Movement.
I saw a head bob into the picture as someone ducked down behind the bar, and then...
I caught my breath. No, I thought. It's not possible.
My mystery woman from the cafe waltzed into view again. She was barefoot now and as sexy as ever if not more so.
Who was she talking to? I wondered. I could see her mouth moving. Not singing. No; couldn't be.
And then she laughed. With her whole body. She almost doubled up she was laughing so hard, and she was still laughing when she reached behind her and unzipped her dress.
I sat up. Oh, my, I thought. Is she really going to...
As if reading my mind, she did. She slipped one arm, then the other from her dress, holding it against her chest as she continued to talk to someone known but to her. And then she reached behind her and unhooked her bra, still clasping her dress to her chest.
She smiled again, stepped away from... her bedroom, perhaps? and leaned against the sofa, sliding on to it and allowing her dress to ride up. She slid a little farther onto the sofa, and her dress climbed to the tops of her thighs. A thick beige line marked the top of her stockings and all but pointed to the royal blue panties she was wearing.
My cock, which had started getting hard the instant she reached for her zipper, was hard as a stone now.
She was the neighbor I'd lived across from for nearly a week, but had not seen?
I watched as she slowly placed a hand between her legs and touched herself.
She smiled and brushed at her hair, allowing her dress to slip from her chest enough to offer a tantalizing glimpse of her breasts. She laughed. More gently this time than last. And then, she sat up, clutching the dress against her again as she stood from the sofa. She said something again to whoever she was talking to and then walked the direction she'd been headed in moments before.
Another light flipped on in another room where the curtains were open.
No, surely not, I told myself.
I walked into my bedroom and caught my breath.
My curtains were open, too, and I found I'd been staring into her vacant bedroom every night since I'd moved in.
I could not take my eyes off of her as she undressed, first pulling free her bra and tossing it away from her, and then letting the dress fall from her body.
I was breathless with desire.
Her breasts were heavy and full against her chest, with large round nipples that seemed to beg for lips to suckle them. Her panties were a satiny royal blue, and as I placed my hand over my swollen erection, she slowly hooked her thumbs into the waistband and pulled them from her hips.
My mystery woman was practically perfect in every way, even if she was only a fantasy to me. I wanted to touch her, run my hands across her bare bottom and kiss it, and to suckle her beautiful breasts.
She kicked away her panties and reached for a wash rag. I know that's what it was because the next thing she did was dip it into a basin with water, wring it out and wash herself off.
My breath became ragged as she wiped at herself between her legs.
I should probably confess that I find it incredibly sexy to watch a woman. To watch her undress. To watch her tease. To watch her touch herself. To watch her pleasure herself. To watch her cum.
She did not shave. Not completely, at least. A small patch of brown pubic hair crowned her pussy.
God she was beautiful. And she knew it! Confident sensuality. So attractive. So arousing. So sexy. So intimidating.
She had to know I could see into her apartment. Didn't she?
And if she didn't want to be watched, wouldn't she simply close her curtains?
There was no way I was turning on the lights. How long could I play this out and her not realize it was me watching her?
She slowly stepped into a pair of thin white panties. Good heavens, they were thin, and oh, how they cling to her like a second skin.
And then she grabbed up a light dress and slipped it on. It, too, was sleeveless, but unlike the dress she'd worn earlier, this one did not cling to her. This one fairly draped her in loose cloth down to her knees and plunged down her chest with a revealing neckline.
I watched as she slowly adjusted the dress against her shoulders, swept a hand inside the open neckline and touched her breast, and then flicked off the bedroom light.
She walked back into her living room and resumed her conversation as though nothing had transpired. I watched as she sat on the sofa and made herself comfortable, not caring that her dress both rode up her thighs and slid open, exposing her thin white panties.
What happened in the next half hour or more made me positively ache with longing and desire.
She did nothing more, really, than carry on a light conversation. That, and slowly disrobe.
She started out reclining; laying back against the sofa, periodically spreading her legs and slowly dragging her fingers up along her thighs, up past her stockings to the edge of her panties. Her fingers slid under the edge of her underwear to brush lightly against her pussy, and then retreated again.
The top of her dress laid open just enough to tease, the gentle swell of her breasts drawing my eyes. She toyed with the edge of her neckline, pulling it away from her body. Flashing her breast? I could almost see her nipple.
Wait a minute.
I stumbled back into my bedroom and to the window that peered into her bedroom, and I looked into her living room.
She was talking to someone via her laptop computer.
Skype, perhaps? Was she having online sex with someone?
I returned to the living room as she laid back against the sofa, nearly flat on her back. Her dress was open, her left breast exposed as she brought her leg up and slowly began to peel the stocking away from her thigh.
She took her time doing it, taking that stocking off. She took just as long to remove the other one, too, after again rubbing at her pussy through the thin cloth of her panties.
She sat up again, not caring that her dress fell farther open and exposed her breast and shoulder completely to anyone who might be watching.
To me.
Her fingers tugged at the meager tie holding her dress closed around her waist, and she pulled it open, baring her other breast for a moment before covering it again.
She covered both of her breasts, leaving a bare swath of skin from her neck down to her panties, and she spread her legs again, sliding her fingers against what I imagined was cloth increasingly damp with her arousal.
She was aroused, wasn't she? She had to be. I was so hard my cock was actually beginning to ache, and my desire for her was becoming almost painful.
I watched as she slowly ran the fingers of one hand down into the front of her panties and the fingers of the other hand underneath the cloth covering her breast.
She laid her head back as she touched herself, and I swear I could hear her sigh as she felt the pleasure of her touch stream through her body.
She sat up.
What?
I could see her saying it. Asking a question I could not hear.
She laughed at the response and sat up, rolling her shoulders and letting the dress fall away from her body.
She crawled onto her knees and then fell forward onto her hands. Her breasts swayed beneath her, luscious, fleshy globes that I so wanted to touch and kiss and hold.
She laughed again and rocked back and forth a time or two before lowering herself prone onto the sofa.
She continued talking as she slowly worked her panties down from her hips. First one side, then the other, until they were bunched almost even with the bottom of her buttocks.
She swept her hair aside, baring her neck to me again as she smiled. And she laughed.
And she thrust a hand between her belly and the sofa and began to touch herself once more.
I've always enjoyed watching a woman masturbate, especially when she takes her time and thoroughly enjoys it. The look of pleasure that swept across her face was beautiful to watch.
And the temptation was finally more than I could resist.
I pulled off my shirt, shorts and boxers and stood there, my penis throbbing towards her. I touched the swollen head and found it oozing with arousal. I was hard for her. I wanted her.
I slowly began to masturbate. Long, slow strokes. I wanted to cum. I was going to cum. But I wanted to cum with her.
She remained in that position for only a few minutes, slowly rocking her hips against her hand. I watched her begin to perspire a little as the pleasure began to work through her.
I began to perspire and my balls began to ache. I wanted release. I needed release.
She slowly sat up and lay back against the sofa once more, deliberately reaching down, grabbing at her panties and pulling them from her body, never once breaking what passed for eye contact with her unseen partner.
Naked, she dropped her sodden underwear to the floor and spread her legs. Her pussy was red and swollen with arousal, her lips wet with want.
She pinched gently at a nipple and stroked at it as she began to once more touch herself.
She closed her eyes, and both of us started the final leg of our journey toward the climax we'd been on for what seemed close to an hour.
I watched as she continued to masturbate, bringing herself closer and closer to the edge of climax, and I continued to stroke my swollen penis.
I was so hard. She was so beautiful. So sexy. I wanted her so badly. I wanted to touch her and feel her. To kiss her neck and her back. To run my hands along her skin, to nip at her gently with my teeth. To feel her wetness against my hands. To taste her with my lips and on my tongue. To be inside her, thrusting into her.
She arched her back and clenched her thighs together, trapping her hand as she gasped and came.
And my cock erupted, spewing cum. Against the window glass. Onto the window ledge. Onto the floor.
I fell against the glass, catching myself with my free hand.
And I looked up.
And for the briefest of moments, I could swear she was looking right at me.
And then she relaxed again, reclining, one hand still buried between her legs as she caught her breath and recovered.
I fell backward onto my sofa and continued to watch her as she resumed talking to her unseen partner.
This could prove difficult, I thought. How am I ever supposed to get anything done at night knowing she's there, and especially if she does what she's just done with any kind of frequency?
A few minutes passed, and presumably, the person she'd knowingly shared her intimacy with departed.
I say that simply because I saw her lean forward and close her laptop.
And then she leaned back and sighed, spreading her arms and legs as if to say, take a good long look at me.
She lay like that for a few minutes, and then she got up, turned off the light and vanished.
A moment later, her bedroom light kicked on.
I still had done nothing to clean myself up, but I wasn't about to miss out on seeing her again and hustled into my own bedroom. She was still completely naked and once again wiping down with a wash rag.
She disappeared for a couple of minutes. To the bathroom, perhaps? And then she reappeared.
Moments later, with her bedcovers pulled back, she turned off her bedroom light and plunged her bedroom and the rest of her apartment into darkness.
In spying on her, I'd not only satisfied my desire for a lustful interlude, but I'd sealed my fate for the evening. No matter what I did at this point, if I turned on lights, she'd know she'd been watched.
And I couldn't have that.
Following her lead, I cleaned myself up and crawled into bed.
And I wondered what the next day would bring.