Lloyd's Angel: Spring Fever
February 1962
I made it to Dr. Reynolds' office just as he was beginning to stare at his desk clock and look annoyed. It would have been even worse if I hadn't gotten lucky with parking. Predictably, the entire meeting was a waste of time; he told Alex her research was commendable, without showing any sign of having looked at the draft notes she'd submitted the previous week, and reminded her -- unnecessarily -- the final draft of her dissertation needed to be in his hands by the end of the month in order to stay on track for spring commencement. My presence added absolutely nothing.
"Did you oversleep?" Alex asked me on the way out, evidently having noticed my rumpled appearance and discreet yawns.
"Not exactly," I demurred, and then stopped in my tracks after a few steps. "I, um, left my briefcase at home this morning. Can I catch up with you later?"
Alex frowned. "I really wanted to talk to you about the sequencing of the middle sections. I was up early thinking about it, and it's bothering me. Would you mind if I tagged along and we discussed it while we walked?" She looked hopefully at me.
There was no way I would ever refuse a request like that from Alex, although I supposed she didn't know that. "My pleasure," I answered, and it was. The sun seemed brighter, and the air warmer, as we walked side by side, retracing the route I'd taken a scant 30 minutes earlier. Alex didn't stray from the topic of her thesis when we reached the car, although she knew I usually walked. By the time we reached home, I'd reassured her that her plans for swapping some of the material made a great deal of sense and she was feeling a bit more at ease.
I pulled into my usual spot in the driveway and, with only a little reluctance, invited Alex in to wait while I grabbed my stuff. My emotional high aside, it wasn't that warm outside. Luckily, the Wagners were out, probably grocery shopping or something, so I could avoid any awkward conversation. She waited quietly in the front room while I dashed upstairs, threw things in my case, and scurried down again.
Alex remained silent until we turned onto the sidewalk. "You weren't here at all last night, were you?"
"What do you mean?" I asked, wearing my best look of ignorant innocence.
"Oh, come on, I'm not stupid," she laughed. "You didn't forget your briefcase; you weren't here this morning to pick it up. The car was too warm for such a short drive, and you park it outside, but there was no trace of frost on any of the windows. Obviously you parked under cover somewhere further from campus, and drove straight to school this morning." Alex looked at me sidelong. "You have on the same shirt you wore yesterday, too."
I couldn't help laughing too. "Guilty! Remind me not to play poker with you." I didn't know what to make of it; I watched Alex all the time and couldn't always remember what she wore from day to day.Icouldn't remember anything distinctive about my shirt, but apparently she'd been able to recognize it.
"Lloyd, were you with Susan?" I thought perhaps Alex sounded a touch jealous, but it was more likely I was just reading my hopes into something that wasn't there.
Getting caught in a lie would have been bad, but I didn't want to give Alex the impression Susan and I were an item or something. "It was a party. Susan was there, but so were a bunch of other people. It got later than I thought, and I just didn't want to chance driving last night."
Alex's face fell. "Was anybody else I know there? If you and Susan got invited, why didn't I?"
"Well, I'm sorry, Alex; I really didn't think about it. I mean, you're always working on your research and the wedding -- it didn't occur to me you'd be interested."
To my surprise, she burst into tears. "That's all I do!" Alex cried. "I want to have fun, too! I'm killing myself on this research and Dr. Reynolds has totally lost interest in it and I know Jonathan thinks it's stupid, and I'm stuck planning the entire wedding practically by myself, and then there's classes and grading. I can't keep doing it all!"
Hesitantly, I set down my briefcase and embraced her, not knowing what else to do. Alex clutched at me and buried her face against my collarbone, still sobbing. I was paralyzed; half my brain was thinking that heavy coats and all, her body pressed against mine was the best thing I'd felt in my life, and the other half was trying desperately to avoid getting an erection.
"Hey," I finally said, holding her just far enough away from me that we could look at each other comfortably, "I know it's tough, Alex. And I'd be the first to admit I wasn't a big fan of your work at the beginning" -- that got a small smile from her -- "but I know you and I know you'll get through this. Susan and I will help; you know Connie can help with the wedding, right?" I squeezed her arms gently. "And I'll see about putting some events on your social calendar, okay?"
Alex sniffed and nodded, and then wiped her eyes. "I'm sorry to unload on you like I'm some ditzy... well, blonde."
"You're the most beautiful blonde I know," I smiled, "but I'd never make the mistake of thinking that's all you are." I bit my tongue to avoid saying any more.
"Hmm," Alex said, looking more cheerful, "I guess it's too bad for you I'm already taken."
"Tell me something I don't know!" We both laughed, and the remainder of the walk to school was upbeat.
That day marked a turn in several relationships. As winter started to give way to early spring, Alex and I grew increasingly close. She spent almost all of her free time polishing "Unconscious influences in demographic-neutral peer preferences," largely reviewed by myself, and then preparing for her oral defense. We started taking long walks, heedless of the weather, discussing either her research or frivolous topics while we wandered the neighborhoods near the campus. When we weren't tied down by office hours, we started spending more time working from "our" booth at Nino's, where the atmosphere was a little more calming.
There was a price to be paid for my "Mister Nice Guy" facade. I spent each day working with Alex, laughing with her, sharing frustrations, and even touching her occasionally in the way friends will, and ruthlessly refusing to yield to the temptation to convince her to be my lover. More often than not, I left Alex and made my way to Susan's apartment, painfully erect and with, I'm sure, unhealthily high blood pressure.
Once there, I'd sneak in the side door and head up to her room. All my accumulated lust and frustration would be poured out into Susan's more than willing body as I imagined the things I'd do with and to Alex. Sometimes, if she was there, Yelena would join us; occasionally I'd rut in her if she was agreeable and Susan was gone.
That happened more frequently as time passed. Susan had become increasingly unreliable. She started showing up late in the mornings, sometimes missing classes, and often appeared unprepared. I knew she was seeing other people, which didn't bother me, and Yelena told me Danny was a frequent caller, which worried me a bit. The thing that really unnerved me was the way Susan gazed at Alex when she thought nobody was looking; it reminded me too much of my own feelings.
March was hellish enough without that added to the mix. In addition to the work Alex knew about, I was pushing my tenuous control of my ability to the limit. I was at my wit's end with Dr. Reynolds; having encouraged his disinterest in Alex's paper earlier, I had realized it was in danger of being overlooked entirely, which would threaten her chances of graduation.
A few well-placed entreaties to his secretary had finessed that roadblock, as well as given me the names of the other members of the review board. I was going through a bottle of aspirin a week while I tracked them down and invented reasons to talk to each of them. Alex's paper was a good one, arguably better than my Master's thesis, and she wouldn't have liked it if she'd known what I was doing, but I needed those professors to have a favorable opinion of her thesis without thinking too much about what it said. Somehow I managed to stay on top of my own coursework, although I don't think I looked at my own thesis more than twice during the month.
To top it all off, Alex's birthday was at the beginning of April, and she was really looking forward to a special evening out Jonathan had promised for preceding weekend. Her excitement and increasing anticipation were driving a stake through my heart; I'd gotten used to hearing about how he'd disappointed or aggravated her, and listening to Alex's enthusiasm for his plans was not what I needed.
"You look tired, Lloyd," she finally told me one evening, after responding to a question I'd lobbed at her in preparation for her thesis defense. It was Friday and Nino's was pretty crowded, but our booth was on the quiet side of the room and the waitress knew our routine so well we never had to ask for coffee refills.
"I feel tired," I admitted. The headache from my last "unexpected" hallway conversation with Dr. Flynn was still wearing off, I felt I could recite Alex's paper backwards in my sleep, and guilt over Susan was weighing on me. We'd just heard that afternoon she was flunking her classes. "How do I live with this?"
Alex didn't pretend to misunderstand what I meant. "Susan's a big girl. Maybe you helped bring her out of her shell, but she's responsible for her own actions. I'm sorry she's chosen this path for herself too, but don't blame yourself for it."
"She's a nymphomaniac, Alex," I told her bluntly. "I was thinking with my dick, I didn't -- still don't -- understand really how this all works, and I ruined her life. Of course I blame myself! If this keeps up, she'll never get her advanced degree; she'll never use a thing she's learned."
Alex played with her half-empty coffee cup for a minute before looking up again. "I won't pretend that I don't find what you did shocking and repugnant -- I do." She sighed and continued, "But I think none of us were smart to encourage you to experiment as casually as we did, and I honestly believe you didn't intend for things to work out this way. You can't put her back now, and I know you're too good a man to go on beating yourself up uselessly."
"Have you considered going to church?" she asked, surprising me.
"Honestly, no. My family wasn't very religious."
"Well, think about it. You might find it reassuring to remember that not everything is within our control, and that God has forgiven far bigger sinners than either of us will ever be." Alex smiled. "Connie and I go to the First Baptist over on Maple; you could come with us if you wanted -- the people there are friendly and I know you'd like our pastor."
That was how I found myself walking to church on Sunday morning for the first time in probably 20 years. The weather had turned warm -- well, for late March -- and I'd endured far worse to spend time with Alex. The stroll over to her apartment had given me some time for reflection, but then I learned I had yet another problem.
"Good morning, Lloyd."
Both women greeted me on the front walk using the same words, but the effect was totally different. Alex accompanied them with a bright smile and quick hug that made my heart pound and left no doubt she was pleased to see me. Connie's tone was distinctly cool and her body language was quite different from our first meeting at Nino's.
In case I hadn't gotten the hint, she walked beside Alex, leaving me to trail behind them, and maintained a steady stream of conversation regarding the wedding, preparations for it, and the birthday outing Jonathan had planned. In a way, it was a hopeful sign that Connie seemed to feel intervention was required, but I wished she weren't such a good friend.
I was a little surprised to see Danny at the service, but perhaps he was a better Christian than I gave him credit for. We greeted each other and settled in our seats; I figured it wasn't coincidence that Connie sat between Alex and me.
"We should double-date again sometime," Danny whispered to me, and then we were bowing our heads for the invocation.
Most of my mind stayed focused on the problem in front of me -- beside me, technically -- rather than the worship. Many things about it were still unclear, but my ability definitely worked best with emotions, especially when I could reinforce existing feelings or relate to them myself.
After some thought, I closed my eyes and found Connie's glow beside me. Trying very hard not to be too heavy-handed, I focused on her and fanned my suspicion that Jonathan was a cheating womanizer looking for a trophy wife, and that Alexandra wouldn't be happy with him. Her best friend's happiness was very important to her. Once I'd caught a hint of a shimmer, I switched to Danny and reinforced feelings of friendship -- hopefully I'd be able to ask him questions the girls wouldn't answer.
I sat back and listened to the sermon. The pastor was worth listening to -- he was fairly young, almost our age, but seemed to have a knack for connecting with his congregation and communicating his message in an interesting way. Honestly, I figured I was still in for it when I died, no matter how much I told myself that what I was doing was more like having a silent argument with somebody than taking away their free will. I did feel better when the service concluded, although some of that probably was due to Connie's more relaxed expression.
"You should join us for brunch," Danny suggested. Connie didn't smile, but she didn't frown either when Alex nodded and I accepted.
The conversation around the table inevitably centered on Alex's birthday celebration plans, or rather her outing with Jonathan. Even Danny, who didn't have the reasons for hating it that I did, was clearly wearying of the topic.
"I know!" he finally exclaimed around a mouthful of pancake, "if you and Jonathan are having a private celebration, then I think the rest of us should have our own party. Connie? Lloyd? Are you two up for a night on the town?"
"Pass," Connie laughed. "I already have a better offer."
Alex immediately looked interested. "Really? Is that mister tall, dark and handsome?"
"Maybe," admitted Connie, with an uncharacteristic blush.
Danny settled for a smirk and rotated to look in my direction. "Lloyd?"
"I'm in," I answered, not really sure why. The prospect of sitting at home thinking about Alex together with Jonathan wasn't appealing, but it wasn't clear Danny's idea of fun necessarily would be better.
"He's not that bad," Danny repeated a touch defensively, as I waited for the driver ahead of us to notice the light had changed. "Jonathan's just, um, traditional."
I darted a quick look at him. "Alex doesn't strike me as a particularly traditional woman. She's okay with being 'the little wifey'?"
Danny had the grace to look slightly abashed. "Well, okay, probably not. But they've talked about it, certainly. I'm sure they've got things worked out."
Given Jonathan's eye for arm candy and Alex's aversion to chauvinism, I wasn't so sure, but any further discussion would have to wait. Our destination was in sight. "LEGS!" proclaimed the sign, and knowing Danny, that wasn't all we were going to see. Well, the hell with it -- I was here to be distracted.
There were a lot of legs to be seen, hidden among the throngs of men crowding the floor. A leggy waitress wearing a tuxedo shirt, heels, and not a lot more met Danny two-thirds of the way to the bar with a drink; clearly he was a regular. She was back with another pair by the time we'd found seats at a small table.
"Here -- you look like you could use it," Danny offered, pushing something in a lowball glass in front of me. I tossed it back, ignoring the burning in my throat, and tried to concentrate on the stage. The girl in front of us was slowly removing her costume, prompting numerous cheers and wolf whistles from the watching men.
I found my glass magically refilled and nursed my drink while I watched the hooks on her bra come undone until only the girl's hands held the lace in place over her generous tits. She was undeniably attractive, but her roots looked a touch dark and the smile didn't quite reach her eyes. Despite my best intentions, I found myself comparing her unfavorably to Alex.
The cheering peaked when she cast away the bra, and I unobtrusively adjusted my lengthening cock. Maybe Alex's breasts weren't so large, but the Alex in my fantasies wouldn't stop dancing with her G-string still in place, and she'd be using her luscious lips for more than just blowing kisses. I knew she'd be looking only at me, and not working the crowd that was beginning to spout dollar bills like weeds in a spring lawn.
"Can you imagine Alexandra doing that?" Danny asked, leaning over so he could be heard.
I jumped and tried to stuff the thought back behind my eyes, hoping like hell my fantasy hadn't spilled over to him. My laugh was a bit uneven, but with all the background noise it passed muster.
Danny continued talking. "Damn, I'd like to have my own place. I could watch this and be making money instead of spending it." The waitress returned with another pair of drinks and he slid a bill into her bra, earning a quick smile that was more genuine that that of the departing dancer. "Of course," he resumed, "my parents would kill me. If labor relations didn't do me in, first" Both of us watched the waitress's departing derriere before turning back to the stage.
We stayed a few drinks longer, but I couldn't get into it. Every time I started thinking about how none of the girls looked like they really enjoyed what they were doing, I'd begin thinking about how I could fix that, and then panic and shut down. I think I would have given anything to trade places with Jonathan, wherever he was -- he could have the club and girls, and I'd take Alex.
After a few efforts to rouse my spirits failed, Danny admitted failure and suggested we head back. I probably shouldn't have been driving in my condition, but we were in no hurry and the traffic was light most of the way back to campus. Frat row, on the other hand, was packed.
"C'mon, Lloyd," Danny urged me, "they're having a huge party next door. Stop in and visit; it's part of the collegiate experience, for chrissake!"
I was drunk and horny, and maybe there'd be a willing coed. Danny grinned and clapped me on the shoulder when I pulled into a vacant spot, leaving the car crooked but out of the traffic lane. We ambled up to the front door and I paid the cover, figuring I owed Danny for at least a few drinks.
Danny grabbed a beer and disappeared, while I picked up something that claimed to be a mixed drink and stumbled towards an unclaimed seat on the couch in the front room. The music was loud enough to wake the dead, and the dancers in the crowd had far more enthusiasm, if less artifice, than the professionals we'd seen earlier.
The crowd shifted slightly and I caught sight of Connie. She was dancing near some guy who watched appreciatively as she gyrated, swinging her hair and trying not to spill the cup in her hand; luckily it seemed to be nearly empty. I remembered her throwaway comment from brunch and felt a surge of benevolence. She was a good friend to Alex, and if we had friction between us, I knew Connie was just looking out for her friend's best interests. She deserved some harmless fun.
The room wasn't that large, so I tried to collect my wits and concentrate on her. I thought about the grace of her body, and how she must love dancing for the guy, and teasing him to excitement with her moves. I knew I was drunker than I'd thought because it took so long to get a reaction.
The guy's eyes looked like they might bug out when Connie tossed aside her cup and began stroking herself through her top while doing a slow grind. I was just congratulating myself on a job well done and tossing back the rest of my drink to combat the headache when another guy, with a strikingly dark complexion, appeared with a drink in each hand. He pushed a cup roughly at Connie, spilling some of it, and started shouting at the other guy.
My stomach twisted as I watched Connie try to press herself between the two men, only to earn the wrath of both of them. Clearly disgusted, she threw up her hands and stalked off.
I couldn't believe I'd made such a stupid mistake! Feeling nauseated, I turned just in time to heave up over the side of the couch and pass out.
The sound of cheers and slow jazz in time with my woozy thoughts brought me back to consciousness. Connie was dancing again, but this time she was wearing only underwear and the men around her were watchers rather than participants.
If there had been anything left in my stomach, I would have thrown up again, but I settled for dry heaving and closing my eyes to try and block out the sight of what I'd done. Walking out felt like it was physically beyond me.
The weight of somebody flopping onto the couch jolted me back to semi-consciousness. I opened my eyes to see Connie sprawled beside me.
"I guess we both had too much to drink tonight," she slurred, making no attempt to cover herself. "I can't believe I did that."
My mind stumbled, trying to think of a response that wouldn't leave me in tears, and then Danny was standing in front of us.
"Lloyd, you dog!" he swore admiringly. "I was feeling sorry for you, but I guess I didn't need to worry. You are such the ladies' man!" His shirt wasn't tucked in, or completely buttoned, so apparently he hadn't been worrying too much. He raised a glass in salute, giving the pair of us a knowing look, and disappeared again.
"Bastard!" Connie yelped, and punched me unexpectedly.
"What?" I asked, trying ineptly to defend myself in case she tried a follow-up blow.
"You womanizing bastard!" she repeated. "You know Alexandra came home and cried all night after she found you and Susan together?!"
I gaped, completely off balance and surprised.
"She's engaged to another man and shouldn't be thinking about you at all! Not only do you chase her and destroy her happiness and present yourself as trustworthy, you go screwing around with other women! Going out with Danny -- I should have known. She's way too good for the likes of you. You deserve to burn in Hell!"
Connie stopped for a moment to catch her breath. "You wanna fuck me too?" she asked defiantly.
I realized I did. My blood was up at her unjust slander, and it still had alotof alcohol in it. I stared inside her, only partially aware of what I really was doing, and watched her mind shimmer. Wordlessly I unzipped myself, extracting my erection, and watched to see what she did.
Ignoring the bystanders who'd listened to the argument and were now watching in wonder, Connie pulled the crotch of her panties to the side and took a few steps sideways so she could sit on my cock. She was so wet that I slid right in, and then I held her upright while she began to bounce in my lap.
My load had been building all night, and I came pretty quickly, unloading spurts of jism deep inside her molten cunt. Connie started pumping faster when she felt me get off, but she shuddered and moaned when a newcomer asked another spectator, "Are they...?"
I shifted my grip up to Connie's breasts, feeling her erect nipples, and bucked a few times. "Who's slutting around now?" I whispered in her ear, and felt her clench around me as she orgasmed.
"Oh my gosh, don't they have any shame?" whispered one girl with eyes as big as her open mouth.
Shame hadn't been on my radar up to that point, but my cock returned some control to my brain and our surroundings pressed in on me. Stunned observers had turned me on a few minutes ago, but now all I wanted to do was shrink in behind Connie and disappear. I settled for the next best thing, and took her home -- it didn't seem likely the guy she arrived with would be willing to do the honors.
Connie spoke only one word to me on that trip. "Thanks," she told me curtly before slamming the door and staggering up to the door of her building.
Alex didn't talk about her outing with Jonathan, and I didn't talk about my night out with Danny and Connie. If I could have undone it completely or even just forgotten it, I would have done that too. Instead, I waited until just before the end of the day Tuesday before presenting her with my present. "Happy birthday," I told her simply.
Susan hadn't bothered to appear that day, so it was just the two of us sitting in her office. Alex opened the wrapping and looked at the book for a moment without speaking. It was an autographed copy of "Verbal Behavior" and I hadn't quite had to resort to human sacrifice to obtain it, but it had taken effort.
My industry was more than rewarded by the moisture in Alex's eyes and the fierce hug she gave me. "Thank you," she whispered, and neither of us said anything more for a long minute. Alex finally sat back in her chair and stroked the book's cover gently before looking up at me.
"Can I ask you a favor?" she finally said.
"Certainly." I already knew I'd say yes, no matter what she asked, and I think maybe Alex knew that too.
"Will you escort me to the awards convocation next month? I'm getting the Herbst Award, and Jonathan has a conflict."
The Herbst Award was presented to the outstanding master's candidate at the university and included a stipend for doctoral work. It was a huge coup for Alex. "Jonathan is an utter moron; I'd be honored to escort you, Alex."
Offense at my slur warred with pleasure at my acceptance, but Alex finally settled on a smile. It felt like it was my birthday instead of hers.
The evening of the convocation was unseasonably warm for April. Alex was a vision in a navy dress that channeled Jackie Kennedy. I could hardly tear my eyes away from her, even when Connie flashed me while Alex's back was turned. I almost put the pin for her corsage into Alex's breast.
The hours that followed were perhaps the happiest in my life to date. It was incredibly easy to pretend we were a couple and Alex wasn't engaged to some other guy. She was luminous, in her element, and loving every moment of it. The conversation was erudite, and we both knew most of the other attendees and honorees, if only casually.
Neither of us was in a mood to go home when the reception was over, so we found a lounge and had coffee. No longer inhibited by other listeners, our conversation shifted to our own research project.
"Think of the possibilities!" Alex enthused, leaning towards me so her voice carried over the sound of the small band in the back corner. "The therapeutic applications alone are endless, if we can just work out the control issues."
"Yeah," I sighed, "control." I'd been a good boy all night, but my penis was coming to life. I was no dancer, and the thought Alex probably was intimidated me, but I watched other couples moving on the floor and wished I could hold her that way.Don't screw this up, Lloyd!I told myself and stepped firmly on the impulse.
"I'm only one man, Alex," I protested gently. "Even if I knew what I was doing -- which I don't -- the human mind is a complex thing. I'm like a bull in a china shop, and there are a lot of china shops out there, more than I could visit in several lifetimes."
She smiled and cocked her head, distracting me with the line of her neck, which was unobscured by hair tonight; Alex had put it up for the evening. "You're no bull. Think of a surgeon, wearing boxing gloves. You're down to mittens, now. The regular gloves will come in time, I know it, and then we'll work on making them thinner and thinner."
"An elegant analogy from an elegant lady," I conceded the point. I was equally entranced by her unconscious use of the word "we." I could see major problems with pursuing formal studies beyond Alex's current thesis, but I refused to think about them. "What do you plan to do, after this?" I asked directly for the first time.
"Jonathan wants me to stay home, or maybe teach." Alex's expression twisted momentarily. "He says he can provide for us, and we can get ahead best by focusing on his career."
I waited, wearing a hopefully encouraging expression, and didn't try to force the pace of the conversation or make a pithy comment.
"Yeah, I know -- what doIwant?" She pursed lips colored the deep red of Midnight Siren and ran a finger along the edge of her saucer. "Well, I didn't work this hard to get my Master's so I could bake pies or wipe the nose of some second-grader." Alex looked up at me through dark lashes. "I want to dance."
"What?" I was sure I'd misheard her.
"Will you dance with me?"
The really sad thing was her expression said she was afraid I was going to refuse. There were any number of good reasons why I should, but they counted for nothing in the face of my desire and her need. "Watch your toes," I warned her, and extended a hand to help her stand.
We surprised ourselves by dancing until the end of the set. I wasn't as bad as I'd feared, and Alex was so graceful I knew nobody was paying attention to me anyway. There was a slow number that was almost my undoing; the feel of her sinuous body against mine was heaven, but Alex gave no indication she'd noticed the raging erection trapped inside my underwear.
I knew I was going to have to find Susan, or Yelena, or somebody later. Of course, the girl I really wanted was standing in my arms, but when she laid her head against my shoulder, I knew there was no way I could abuse Alex's trust in me, no matter the provocation.
The swing that concluded the set left me a little breathless, not just from the exertion, and both of us were laughing. It seemed a good time to end the evening, before I did something we'd both regret. The drive back to Alex's apartment went too quickly for my taste, and to cap it off, Alex perked up at the sight of the '61 Studebaker parked in front of the building.
"Jonathan!" she told me, and barely let the car come to a stop before she hammered the door to pop the latch and climbed out.
How could she have gone from seeming ambivalence to excitement so quickly? Alex's enthusiasm depressed me, but it seemed churlish not to escort her at least to her apartment door. Besides, I refused to abandon the field entirely to my opponent. I set the parking brake and managed to catch up to Alex on the stairway. She already had her key out, and managed to insert it and twist the knob in one smooth motion.
"Jonathan!" Alex repeated, but then she suddenly stopped so dead in her tracks I nearly bowled her over.
Her fiance was sitting on the loveseat, but my eyes went to Connie. Alex's roommate stood just in front of him, stark naked, a look of surprise on her face. There was something more there, too, but Alex twitched and I followed her sightline to Jonathan.
He was still dressed, but like me a few weeks earlier, his cock was exposed and erect. It was also gleaming with moisture from tip to pubes. "Alexandra, baby, let me explain," he started, glib as always even as he wilted, but Alex cut him off.
"Out!OUT!I want you out of here, now!" she screamed. Her face was nearly as pale as her hair.
"It wasn't like that," Connie interjected, making no attempt to cover herself.
"I have eyes! I can see exactly what it was like, you, you, slut!" Alex shrieked back, starting to cry. "How could you do this to me? Both of you, get out! I don't want to see you!"
Jonathan tried to zip himself up, but apparently the zipper caught on his underwear and jammed. In another situation, it would have been comical watching him yank on it, but I sensed Alex was on the ragged edge of control.
"Do you need Connie to help you with that?" she snarled. "Damnit!" Alex choked back a sob. "Fine! Don't let me interrupt you -- you both stay, andI'llleave!" She whirled to face me, looking like a drowning swimmer. "Take me somewhere! Anywhere!"
Alex maintained a stoic expression as we descended the stairs and exited the building. I went to open the passenger door, but she detoured to the Studebaker instead. Alex opened the door by the curb and fumbled inside briefly, apparently rolling down the window. She slammed the door closed, and proceeded to hurl several heaping handfuls of dirty slushy snowmelt into the car. "Maybe that will cool you down, you cheating bastard!" she screamed in the direction of the apartment, and tromped back to me.
She was sobbing brokenly by the time I climbed into the driver's seat and got us going. At first I drove aimlessly, at a loss for a destination. The Wagners would have welcomed her, but I didn't think Alex needed to face anybody right now. Finally I realized I was heading in the direction of the Madison, and thought, "why not?"
"I'll just be a minute," I assured Alex after we arrived. Her face was a mess of running mascara and blotchy skin, so I gave her my handkerchief and went in to get a room. Luckily, early April was still off-season and they weren't full. I gave Ray a polite nod, not sure if he had placed me or not, and went to collect Alex.
She looked better, and we had the elevator to ourselves, anyway. Luckily for my conscience, it wasn't the same room I'd stayed in with Susan. The layout was much the same, with a bed and a sofa. Alex vanished into the bathroom as soon as I took her coat; I hung it and mine, and put the spare blanket I found in the closet on the sofa. It took just a moment to turn down the bed, and I tossed one of the pillows next to the blanket.
"What's wrong with me?" Alex asked, startling me.
"Nothing," I told her, meaning it. She'd washed her face, and the red eyes and nose couldn't detract from her natural beauty.
Those eyes started to tear up again. "Aren't I good enough for you?" Alex rubbed away the moisture, but her voice was uneven. "You've been with Susan. I saw the way you looked at Connie. I know you've fucked other girls -- why not me?"
"God, Alex," I temporized, unsure where to begin. "Youhaveto know you drive me crazy."
Her gaze dropped ever-so-briefly below my beltline before rising again, and the corners of her mouth twitched infinitesimally upward.
"But look -- you can laugh at me, but it's not all about sex. You are the smartest person I know, man or woman, and -- believe it or not -- probably my best friend too." I shuffled a bit at that admission, which left my mouth before I'd realized it was true. "So what if you're also the most beautiful woman I've laid eyes on? I'm not going to throw all of that away by making a pass at you.Especiallywhen you're already engaged to another man."
"Oh yeah, look how wellthatturned out," Alex said bitterly. She whispered, "You could have made me..."
"Oh no," I burst out, stung by her voicing the thought that had tempted me so many times that year. Alex jumped, startled, and I forced myself to relax. "Never that. Bull in the china shop, remember? I wantallof you, Alex, not just your body. I could never live with myself if you turned out like Susan. Besides, I'd never want to share you withanybody." My face heated but I held her gaze.
Her smile had blossomed steadily while I spoke, until it made my heart ache. "I was a fool to think marrying Jonathan would make me happy, and you were a fool to let me do it." Alex slid the engagement ring down her finger and tossed it negligently on the carpeting. "What do you say to that?"
I didn't say a word. Instead I stepped forward and swept her off her feet, and then turned in the direction of the bed.
"Wait, stop!" Alex shouted, pounding on my back with her hands and squirming.
Aghast at the thought I'd misread her so badly, I quickly set Alex back on her feet and backed up. She was still smiling, and my heart lurched into motion again.
"Where's my coat? The closet?" Alex opened the door without waiting for my reply. "I may not be keeping his ring," she muttered, "but -- can you believe he gave me these as a present?" She brandished a handful of condoms.
"What, for your birthday?" Even for Jonathan, it seemed incredibly tasteless.
She started laughing. "It's worse!" Alex gasped. "He told me they actually were just wrappers for the 'real present'!"
"Jesus Christ!" I began chuckling too, but stopped. "You've had those with you all night?" It seemed totally unlike Alex, and puzzled me.
Alex's mind was as quick as ever. "Are you kidding?" She started laughing even harder. "Can you imagine dropping them at the awards dinner?" Alex wiped her eyes and gave me a knowing smile. "No, I took them from his glove box when we left the apartment. I think I made up my mind on the dance floor."
"I didn't think you noticed!"
She was still smiling, but there was some change in Alex's expression that sent blood pumping back into my penis. "It was hard for me to miss, Lloyd."
Alex walked back to me and put her arms on mine, and then started to sway like we had during the slow number. I obliged her and pulled her closer, moving in time to the remembered music. This time, she ran a hand softly down my chest and traced the outlines of my erection. "See?"
"I don't remember that last move," I murmured in her ear.
"It wasn't the right time," she whispered, fitting her body more closely against mine. The swell of her breast felt as if it were pushing the air from my chest. "Haven't you heard the saying, 'a vertical expression of a horizontal desire'?"
"How apropos," I said, and kissed her. In heels, Alex wasn't much shorter than I and we fit together like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. The kiss wasn't tentative, but it didn't last long. The next one followed immediately and lasted far longer. We gave up any pretense of dancing; I was focused only on the feel of her body, her taste, and the sensation of Alex's tongue brushing against mine.
My fingers stroked up the length of her neck, leaving goose bumps behind them. I found the pin and pulled it free, letting her blonde tresses spill across her shoulders. Alex opened her eyes, but held the kiss. A shift of her weight pressed a hip more firmly into my raging erection.
I hated to let go, but the zipper in her dress needed two hands. Alex stayed close, within the circle of my arms, and began unfastening the buttons of my shirt while I teased her zipper open. By unspoken mutual agreement we paused after she unfastened my fly, and then our clothing tumbled to the floor in a rush.
Alex in a slip was a sight fit to take a man's breath away. I didn't think the figure I cut in an undershirt and briefs merited the look she was giving me, but I wasn't going to complain. "No arguments this time," I warned, and scooped her into my arms.
She was an armful, or maybe I just wasn't that strong, but I was staggering even before we both began laughing again. "Don't drop me!" Alex screamed, giggling, and I didn't, quite. At least we both landed on top of the bed.
Removing Alex's slip and pantyhose was a more challenging job than I'd anticipated, but it was a marvelous excuse to run my hands over every inch of her luscious body. Both of us were sporting damp spots in our underwear before we finished. Finally we were naked, save for one of Jonathan's presents, and I was looking down at her sweat-slicked body with avid desire.
"I think I've died and gone to heaven, Alexandra," I smiled at her.
"I hope you'll hold off on that for at least a few more minutes," she told me, her voice vibrating with barely suppressed urgency. "Now quit teasing me!"
She was tight, but incredibly ready, which was good because my self-control was fraying. A dispassionate connoisseur might have rated her technique somewhere around where Susan had started, but for me, the girl of my dreams was looking up at me and moaning my name. It was even better than I'd fantasized.
"Oh fuck," I gasped, clenched within her velvet grip, and kissed Alex again. Her nipples were like pebbles against my skin and her breath was warm inside my mouth as I buried myself inside her.
"God, yes!" Alex cried, encouraging me to pump her harder, as if I needed the prompting.
I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, so I plunged into her pussy as far as I could reach and kept pushing, pinning her to the bed. My balls literally throbbed as I ejaculated probably the biggest load of my life into the confines of the condom.
Alex's eyes grew wide as she felt me spasming inside her, although I was pretty sure she wasn't a virgin. I was positive she hadn't orgasmed.
"I think I've wanted to do that nearly since Thanksgiving," I panted, earning a smug look. I pulled out before anything could leak and gave her another kiss, lowering myself gingerly to one side so my entire weight wasn't on her.
She looked surprised when I cupped a breast, squeezed it gently, and ran my hand down her flank to the thatch of hair above her slit.
"You don't have to do this, Lloyd."
"Yes, I do," I whispered in her ear. Her hair smelled like spun strands of heaven. "I want to make you feel as good as I do; I want to watch you cum." My finger dipped inside her, and her hips rose slightly to meet it; a soft breath raised more goose bumps down her arm. "I hope you weren't planning to sleep tonight!"
Her reply was lost in an inarticulate grunt when I lightly brushed her clit at the same time I started nibbling on an earlobe.
I'd be kidding myself to say I played her like an instrument, but her body was responsive and charged up, and she wanted me the same way I did her. Alex was quiet, but cords of muscle stood out on her limbs and her nails left red crescents on my arm when she came.
The sight of her had me ready to go again, and after a frenzied condom change, her legs were wrapped around me and pulling me into her. We quickly found our rhythm, and Alex pulled one of my hands down to her tit. I obligingly caught the stiff nipple between two fingers and drew it outwards, eliciting a sudden gasp. "Fuck! Oh Lloyd, it feels so good!"
I was already set to pop again. It was difficult with one hand tied up, but I kept working Alex's breast and tried to hitch slightly higher to increase the friction against her clit. "You are so hot! Come on, cum for me, Alex!"
She started shaking and her body contracted spasmodically around my cock; the stimulation was enough to set me off too, and I collapsed atop her as we cried each other's names.
"You are crazy hot," I told her after I'd caught my breath.
"You make me feel that way," she smiled back at me. "It wasn't that way, the other times."
A gentleman doesn't ask, so I let the comment pass by. I made an attempt to extricate myself, but Alex stubbornly refused to unlock her ankles.
"You're not going anywhere, mister," she announced. "You promised me a sleepless night, remember?"
In point of fact, we did fall asleep -- just before dawn, after we'd run out of condoms. Danny and I had been wrong, earlier; one guycouldkeep a girl busy all night, if she was the right girl and he paced himself.
My eyes felt like they were going to fall out of my head when I stirred groggily to life a few hours later. I couldn't have cared less, when my arms were full of beautiful blonde. Alex nuzzled closer, her arms wrapped possessively about me. I managed to focus on the clock atop the nightstand, which reported it was nearly 8:00. "There's no way we're going to be on time for Dr. Reynolds," I sighed.
"Fuck Reynolds," muttered Alex, showing no inclination to move.
"I think not," I retorted, rolling us so I had her pinned beneath me and silencing her startled shriek with a kiss. "I've very possessive, and don't like sharing."
Alex stared up at my face, touching it as if to reassure herself it was real. "Me, neither," she smiled. We both felt my cock twitching between us. "God, you are insatiable!" It didn't sound like a complaint.
"You have that effect on me," I complemented her; Alex looked smug. "But, Reynolds aside, I have an exam to proctor at 10:00. Besides, we're out of supplies, and I'm starving."
"Men!" Alex's ankles started riding up my legs until she had me locked again between her thighs. "I'm not letting you go; order room service!"
"If you insist." We both smirked as I reached for the phone.
We ate our Eggs Benedict sitting on the bed, with me in trousers and Alex wearing only her slip. Honestly, she was far more distracting than if she'd been naked, a fact of which Alex took shameless advantage. My eyes kept drifting between the strap that repeatedly fell off her shoulder, and the moist treasurealmostrevealed by the raised knee that pushed up the hem of the slip. Her finger slowly brushed up her breast and pushed the strap back into place.
"Show a little mercy, Alex," I finally begged her. My throbbing manhood felt ready to explode. The orange juice didn't do much for the dryness in my mouth. Why couldn't Jonathan have given her more condoms?
"I'd have your baby, Lloyd," she replied.
"Christ!" I exclaimed, spilling juice all over myself. "That's jumping a little ahead, isn't it?"
"Don't you want a little Lloyd?" she asked, stopping the tease.
"I'd prefer a little Alexandra," I confessed, "but, Alex, it's a huge decision. You're not married -- hell, the rest of the world thinks you're engaged to Jonathan -- neither of us has a job; have you thought it through?"
"Of course," Alex replied, with the tone I recognized so well from our office sessions. "We're both crazy about each other, respect each other, and like each other -- even after spending most of the semester living in each other's pockets. Neither one of us wants to share. Isn't that marriage? I'm sure the formalities will follow. The rest will work itself out." She looked at me expectantly.
My heart hammered with the excitement that comes at the top of a roller coaster, when you knew what was going to happen but screamed anyway. I cleared my throat. "Um, Alexandra Sullivan, will you marry me?"
Alex maintained her composure long enough for a formal, "yes." It disappeared with a shriek of exultation as she threw herself into my arms, heedlessly scattering dishes and silverware across the bed. Just as unexpectedly, she eeled out of my grasp.
"Now," she announced, "since my parents won't take this well, even without making it a shotgun wedding, and youwon'thave Susan to help out" -- Alex's eyes were hard for a moment -- "your future wife will treat her future husband to a little oral sex."
"You don't have to do this, Alex," I protested half-heartedly while she tugged down my trousers to expose my swollen tool.
"I want to," she told me, before bestowing a kiss on the glistening cap of my organ. Alex gently hefted my sac and ran her tongue down the length of my penis, making me twitch and catch my breath.
"Turn around," I gasped. She looked up at me uncertainly; hell,Iwas uncertain -- I'd never gone down on a girl before -- but the symbolism was important, and if there was one person I wanted to do, it was Alex. "I want to taste you."
She screwed up her face, which was a little amusing since she was such a stickler for equality and I could see my precum glistening on her lips.
"C'mon, Alex, nothing we do together can be wrong," I coaxed earnestly. Her expression cleared immediately, too quickly for conscious thought, and I silently damned myself for an idiot, but the damage was already done. I prayed it was innocuous as it seemed, but Alex was already crabbing around to straddle me.
I set aside my misgivings and studied Alex's pussy as she returned her attention to my prick. The folds of her labia were flowered open, glistening, and dried reside covered her upper thighs and crotch. There was a faint odor, but it wasn't displeasing; it smelled like, well, Alex. Raising my head, I blew gently, watching her curly pubes bend slightly, and felt her grip my cock more tightly.
My tongue extended and brushed her, bringing me the heady taste of feminine musk. I brought my hands up to cup her cheeks, and began exploring more aggressively. Alex let out a moan I could feel all the way up my body when I found her clit, and more droplets of moisture appeared. Her skin was so soft against the stubble on my chin!
Alex was working over the head of my cock with her mouth and fisting my length with a hand, so I returned the favor and slid a pair of fingers into her slick warmth while jabbing at her clit with my tongue, teasing it out of hiding. I felt really tight inside, close to cumming, and Alex's breath was rapid against my throbbing meat.
I came first, spurting helplessly beneath her touch. The sensation of Alex's lips disappeared after the first jet and I faintly heard her cry, "shit!" but the exclamation cut off when I caught her bud gently in my lips and strummed it with my tongue. She ground herself into my face and I felt her entire body tremble violently.
After she quieted, I rolled Alex onto her back beside me and sat up to look at her. A trail of spunk decorated my stomach, but several more ropes dripped from Alex's face and breasts. "Women swallow this?" she asked in disbelief, rubbing an eye.
"Only if they want to," I assured her, leaning in for a kiss that tasted of semen. "God, you are sexy!" I grabbed her breast, smearing my spend across her skin. "I'm the luckiest man alive!"
"I'm glad we both recognize that," she retorted with deadpan humor, but I noticed she licked the finger she'd been rubbing in her eye. "And I guess I'm a pretty lucky girl, too."
We both looked far more presentable -- if just as sexy, in my biased opinion -- an hour later as we strolled to the front desk. If you ignored the damp hair, we looked almost the way we had when we'd checked in. Of course, an astute observer, seeing us together, wouldn't have hesitated to guess we'd spent the entire night fucking like rabbits.
The way my feet hovered an inch or so above the floor, or the way Alex held my arm possessively, staying so close you couldn't have slid a sheet of paper between us, were both tipoffs. So was the way I hauled off and kissed her, just because I wanted to and because I could, when the clerk asked if we'd enjoyed our stay. Alex gave as good as she got.
"Chick magnet!" Danny's laughter sounded from beside us. Alex froze in my embrace. "I swear, Lloyd, I haveneverseen such an operator!" He slapped me heartily on the shoulder. "Come on, introduce us -- do I know her?"
It was almost worth it to see Danny silenced, for once in his life, by the sight of his sister cuddled against me. "Alexandra?!" There was no time for me to appreciate it, however, because I could already sense the titanic eruption building inside him.
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG!The thought was quick and dirty, a desperate attempt to head him off, and totally lacking in finesse. I gave myself a splitting headache. We all stared at one another for a timeless moment.
"You dog," Danny chuckled, and looked at Alex more closely. Her chin was up, daring him to make an issue of it. "You've never looked better, sis -- you should get fucked more often."
The clerk behind the counter looked like he couldn't believe his ears. Alex blushed so hard I was sure I could feel the heat from her face.
Apparently tired of waiting for a response, he turned back to me. "So, anyway, Susan and I are having another party tonight." Danny tossed the key in his hand and winked. "You want to come?" As an afterthought, he added, "you're both invited."
"No, thanks," I said.
Alex tightened her grip on my arm and amplified, "he's off the market."
"Really?" Danny's grin amped up a notch. "Does Jonathan know?"
"No," Alex confessed, looking like she wished the conversation was happening anywhere else. "I'll tell him today. And I'd appreciate you letting me tell Father and Mother, too."
I'd almost forgotten her parents. Oh God.
"Are you kidding?" asked Danny. "Do I look like somebody who wants to die young? They're all yours! Hey, I've gotta run -- have a good time, you two." He hustled out of the lobby as if he were afraid Alex might change her mind.
We followed, more slowly. "Are you going to be okay, going home?" I asked carefully.
"Certainly," Alex confidently assured me.
"I lied," she confessed a few minutes later, as we pulled up in front of her apartment. The Studebaker was nowhere in sight. "Will you come in with me, please?"
"Absolutely," I smiled, and kissed her lightly.
We'd barely gotten out of the car when Connie came running out the front door. "Oh gosh, Alexandra," she cried, "please forgive me! I feel like such a heel!" She clutched Alex tightly, repeating, "Forgive me!"
"Sssh, it's okay," Alex assured Connie, "I forgive you. Everything's worked out for the best."
"I don't know what happened; things just got out of control," Connie said, intent on confessing. She shot me a quick look. "Jonathan showed up unexpectedly, and I asked him if he wanted to wait. I just thought I'd tease him a little, to see if he'd try to cheat on you. Alexandra, you should have seen the way he looked at me!"
"I did," Alex dryly interjected.
"Well, but I don't know what waswrongwith me! What was I thinking? I did a little dance for him, just as a joke, to get him to do something." Connie's face fell. "He did, but I was too hot to stop. I didn't mean to break up your engagement! You've got to believe me!" She started crying again.
"It's okay," repeated Alex, hugging her friend again. "It wouldn't have worked out. I guess you just sensed it sooner than I did. You saved me from a big mistake, Connie. Lloyd asked me to marry him; I still need a maid of honor." The two looked at each other. "Friends?"
"Lloyd?" Connie looked a bit dazed. "Really?" Alex nodded. "Oh my gosh, Alexandra! You're getting married!" The pair of them started jumping up and down excitedly and squealing like a pair of schoolgirls.
I tried to catch Alex's eye and gestured at my watch.
"Go in, Connie; you have to be freezing," Alex said, coming to rest. "I'll be right behind you; Lloyd has to leave."
"Her, too?" Alex asked me a moment later, fire in her eye.
I didn't pretend to misunderstand. "Once. When I was drunk out of my skull and couldn't think of anything except you being with Jonathan."
She relented, a little. "I hope you enjoyed it. Your 'chick magnet' days are over."
I looked Alex straight in the face. "I'll never touch another woman, now that I have you; that's the honest truth, before you and God, Alexandra."
She stepped into my arms. "Go! Enjoy your stupid test! I'll hate every minute of the day until I can see you again."
We kissed, hard, and I swung her off her feet in a circle, just for the joy of it. I didn't remember until I was passing out tests that it was Friday the 13th; I think every student in that class who could spell their name got an "A" on that exam.