The following is the second segment of an ongoing story. Sorry it took me a while to get back to this one. The tale is fiction; any correlation to real persons alive or dead is purely happenstance. The first segment of the story, although poorly edited, my apology, had Jeffrey caught nude while skinny dipping. A forceful and lovely game warden punishes and controls young Jeffrey. This chapter picks up on the blackmail that ensued. The first story is short, but it tells of her taking pics of him naked. Now, the saga continues with how she plans to leverage his photo chronicled indiscretion. I changed the narration point of view. I wanted to express more character thoughts; I hope it will make the story more enjoyable. The plan was to finish this before Halloween, but it did not happen.
********************************************************************************
Two weeks had passed since his run-in with the game warden; Jeffrey had behaved and not played with himself as Officer Clark had demanded, for the first week. But after the first week, Jeffrey went back to his old ways. When his mother left for work that morning, Jeffrey was alone at last. Jeffrey never masturbated while his mother was home for fear of her punishment. Jeffrey began having his morning tug; he stroked his shaft slowly. It was the first Monday of summer break. Jeffrey's hand lazily rubbed his schlong, and he felt horny after a weekend of abstinence. The video of a leather-clad vixen playing on his laptop filled him with lust until his cell phone buzzed on his nightstand.
It was a text from an unknown number. It was a picture captioned, "Here is a picture Jeffrey Nixon Pervert." Jeffrey opened the message, and the image was Jeffrey naked on the rock with his hands cuffed. The picture wantonly showed his exposed hard-on.
Jeffrey typed, "I hope this is from you, Officer Clark." Jeffrey pressed send as he worriedly held his rapidly deflating shaft, no longer able to sustain the illusion. Then Jeffrey remembered how powerful Officer Clark had controlled him. A new fantasy came and entered his mind, and his erection slowly returned.
"I haven't shared it yet, but you better cooperate if you want it to remain between us," Cybil Clark's text answered.
"I will do anything," Jeffrey answered. Jeffrey thought officer Clark had forgotten about the incident and previously was disappointed: but now, Jeffrey's heart raced with anticipation. Jeffrey thought, you and Elaine, remembering how Elaine had watched his subjugation just out of sight two weeks before. Jeffrey had relished the exhibitionist aspect of having another woman witness his plight.
"Are you working this summer?" C.C. Cybil assumed he would do the usual look for work during summer to pay for college costs.
"Not yet, have not been hired," J.N.'What will she require of me,' Jeffrey wondered as he toyed with his manhood in anticipation.
"Good. I am on vacation next two weeks, and I expect you to serve me," C.C.
"I will have to ask my Mom," J.N.
"Are you nineteen?" CC Cybil had seen his I.D, so the question was more a rhetorical dig than an inquiry.
"Yes, but I still live here and must respect her wishes," J.N.
"Ask her then; maybe she can pack your luggage for you," C.C. twisting the knife a little.
"How long will I be away?" J.N. Jeffrey ignored her ribbing.
"Ten days of naked servitude, some of it on a houseboat on beautiful Lake Shasta. The houseboat rental is from Saturday through Friday," C.C.
Jeffrey rushed a text off to his mother, and quickly his mother replied. His mother's job as a realty office receptionist insured, he could usually communicate with her quickly. His text claimed he would spend time with a classmate and the classmate's family. She said she was okay with him going.
"I texted her at work, and she said yes," J.N. responded several minutes later.
"Have you played with your cock since I saw you?" C.C.
"Yes," Jeffrey admitted in his text.
"Naughty boy, come to 290 Tehama now for your punishment," C.C.
"I will be there in fifteen minutes," Jeffrey replied, longing to finish his business if only officer Clark had called a few minutes later, but now he wanted to be punished.
Jeffrey jumped into the shower and had a quick spritz. Jeffrey dried off and pulled on his shorts and T, stuffed his feet into his sandals, and rushed to his car. Jeffrey drove the ten blocks across Redding and down a tree-lined street. The broadleaf trees seemed to wither in the late May Redding sun. It was oppressively hot when he arrived at a small brick midcentury house. It was already cresting 100 at ten in the morning; the first of many seasonal heatwaves had already hit. The porch was the house's full width, standard in hot climates, anything to keep the places cool before air conditioning.
Hurriedly, Jeffrey walked up the walk and anxiously rang the doorbell, frightened to be late as his promised fifteen minutes were nearly up. Impatiently, Officer Clark, dressed in civilian clothes, answered the door. Jeffrey had never seen her out of her uniform, and he liked what he saw as his eyes indicated. Cybil looked quite different out of her uniform. Cybil wore a black spaghetti strapped form-fitted leather look dress that accentuated her curves. The dress's cut showed the top of her bosom, and the leather was light enough that Jeffrey could see the extruding form of her nipples' points, just the topography of the luscious mounds showed.
"Come in and remove all your clothes, leave them folded neatly in the entry," Cybil Clark said curtly.
Jeffrey began removing his six items of clothing and folding them neatly. He took off his T-shirt and folded it while his now bare torso felt the chill of the air conditioning. Jeffrey kicked off his leather sandals and took off his cargo shorts. Finally, he took off his watch and boxer shorts. His naked body slowly acclimated to the stark difference in temperature as the young man piled them on a small entry table. Jeffrey would often run around his mother's house naked while she was out, but this was different; he was not alone this time.
As Jeffrey entered the quaint living room, the young nudist was surprised to see another woman sitting on the couch across a glass coffee table from Cybil. The living room had a glass curio cabinet filled with crystal figurines of amorous couples. Some were quite graphic, and his penis began to stir. The front window's thick red drapes drawn shut to keep out the hot morning sun, though the window drapes on the side of the room away from the sun were open to allow in light. A window of the neighbor's house lined up directly with this window, which caused Jeffrey distress. Redding, a small city, was a gossipy place. Jeffrey covered his groin self-consciously.
"This is my stepmother, Beverly," Cybil said.
Beverly looked about forty-five and sexy like Cybil. Beverly was tall with long legs, but Cybil was larger on top. They both had brunet hair and lovely faces. Beverly had just a hint of wrinkles around her eyes; she looked relatively young for her age. Beverly appeared to be dressed for the office in a smart blue blazer over a white button-up blouse and matching blue skirt. The skirt went only to her mid-thigh, and one of her blue thigh-high stocking tops elastic band showed. With her blouse unbuttoned and dangling atop her exposed cleavage was a necklace with a vine encircled solid gold Celtic tri-knot. The attire looked a bit hot for the Redding heat.
Jeffrey was excited to be nude in front of them but was disturbed by what might mean about his character. His mother had instilled a deep sense of propriety into him. Jeffrey tried to carry himself just as his mother taught him always. He was genuinely concerned about things that people might say about him in such a small town. Jeffrey was standing directly in front of the open window, and for all the boy knew, someone who had contact with his mother might live there. The windows were less than fifteen feet apart, and he felt danger.
"Put your hands at your side this instant," Beverly said forcefully.
Jeffrey complied immediately, though he was concerned about being caught naked by persons unknown.
"You are right, Cybil; he is perfect. Just the type for which we have been looking. The ideal subject," Beverly said.
"You think so?" Cybil said.
Jeffrey looked down at the floor.
"Turn around slowly so we can see your body," Cybil said.
Jeffrey slowly turned as Cybil, and Beverly admired his wiry yet muscular body.
Cybil reached out to grope his bottom as it turned before her. Jeffrey stopped and allowed her to feel him as she wished.
"Yes, a perfect submissive for our purposes," Beverly said.
"Can you close these drapes as well?" Jeffrey asked.
"No, I like displaying naked Slaveboys. Are you modest now, nature, boy?" Cybil said.
"Yes, I don't want anyone my mother might know to see me," Jeffrey said.
As they talked about him, his penis inflated much to his chagrin. Jeffrey was ashamed and thrilled to be nude in front of them and the window. His feelings were confused. Both fear and elation at the same time. In short, the petals of his exhibitionism were blossoming, but both Beverly and Cybil already had his number. They knew what he wanted better than he did.
"He blushes like a little girl," Beverly said.
"Yes, but that does not hide his excitement," Cybil said.
The next-door neighbor, Angela Whittaker, and Jeffrey's former high school classmate hid busily snapping photos of naked Jeffrey with her digital SLR. Due to a large shade tree towering between the houses, the lighting was perfect from her dark dining room hiding spot. Angela had been vacuuming her mother's place nude as was her custom; she, too, indulged in the freedom of nudity. Angela would often give in to her kink by doing her chores naked, leaving the curtains open slightly to enhance the sense of danger. Once or twice, Angela had even worked naked in the garden while the exhibitionist figured everyone should have been at work. Angela peeped on, naked as Jeffrey, and she wanted to masturbate while she took pictures. She went to retrieve her tripod from the closet.
"Yes, look at his little cock grow," Beverly said.
The unwanted discussion of his male parts humiliated Jeffrey even more.
"You like the idea of being my submissive, Jeffrey pervert?" Cybil asked.
"Yes," Jeffrey said. The humiliation intensified, as did the shade of pink on his fair skin. Jeffrey felt a rush of conflicting reactions; he wanted to run away in shame, yet unexplainably wished to stay.
"Yes, Mistress, if you know what's good for you," Cybil said.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said, his six inches now on full display before him.
Beverly looked at his hairy nether region and frowned. "You should take him into the bathroom and shave him," Beverly said.
"Come on, Jeffrey, pervert, let's remove that nasty body hair," Cybil said.
"Please don't call me that Mistress," I said.
"Jeffrey or Pervert?" she asked.
"I hate them both, Mistress," I said.
"What if I just refer to you as a Slaveboy," Cybil said.
"Thank you, Mistress," I said.
Cybil Clark led young Jeffrey into the guest bathroom. The earth tone décor bathroom looked large for the houses' vintage. He could smell an herbal wreath hanging in the shower. He figured she was must be new age and wanted to balance the bathroom's chi. She retrieved the grooming implements from a built-in floor to ceiling cabinet and cut his body hair off with an electric trimmer devised for that purpose. She trimmed his underarms and groin region, then used lather and a razor to finish his defoliation. As she wiped off the remaining shaving cream with a washcloth, she used it to clean out his anus by wrapping it around her finger. Her finger in the washcloth slid in reasonably quickly due to the layer of lather she applied on it. Jeffrey gasped as Cybil probed his virgin flesh.
"Are you a virgin, Slave," Cybil asked.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"How far have you gone with a girl," Cybil asked.
"Making out and petting, we would have gone farther if Mother had not interrupted. She moved away shortly after that, and she was my only girlfriend, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"Is your mother strict?" Cybil asked as she twisted her finger in his bowels.
"Ah," He gasped before answering," Yes, quite strict." His pecker had softened slightly, now only partially full. Cybil removed the washcloth incased finger from his sensitive hole.
Angela returned to find Jeffrey no longer in the neighbors living room and rushed to find her vibrator. When she returned to the window, Jeffrey was not back, but decided to stake it out, hoping he returned. She inserted the vibrating egg halfway inside herself but waited to turn it on.
"Great, he is most likely half-trained for me already," Cybil thought.
"How wonderful, you are perfect," Cybil said.
Cybil fondled Jeffrey until he was fully erect. Jeffrey stood straight, thrusting his member into her hand and rotating his hips. A moan escaped from deep within him. He almost ejaculated as his body became even more ridged. She stopped. "Just want to present you in the best light to Beverly," Cybil said.
She enjoyed how she could rule him already as he squirmed.
"You have a hairline trigger, I see, but I control when you cum. Come along, time to show mother," Cybil said.
Cybil could see the disappointment evident on his face as she led back into the living room with a satisfied smirk on her face. Jeffrey's eyes roamed freely over her taught leather-clad behind. Once out in the living room, Beverly looked him over. He was right in front of the side window once more, much to prying Angela's delight. His tight bottom was now perfectly framed in the window as he faced Beverly. Angela switched the egg on with its remote and loved how the partially inserted egg resonated on her labia. Though owning the toy for several weeks, Angela had not yet managed to push the toy through her hymen for fear of pain.
"Good job, He looks much better," Beverly said.
"I know his cock looks bigger now, even if it is only average in length," Cybil said.
"If he signs the contract, then you can give him the elixir," Beverly said.
"First, let me tell him of the perks, then I will ask him to sign," Cybil said.
"Go ahead, but you know he will sign no matter what you ask of him; he is a pervert," Beverly said.
"I would feel better about it if he enters the arrangement knowingly," Cybil said.
"Alright, have it your way," Beverly said.
"Slaveboy, if you sign, you will be my Slave. I will own your sexuality to use to service my needs as I see fit. But here is what you will get out of the arrangement. I will take your cherry; you will not be a virgin anymore. I will teach you how to satisfy a woman. You will be a gifted lover if you receive the instruction willingly. If you do not, I will discard you. It might even lead to your marriage if you are lucky, but first, you must serve me to my satisfaction," Cybil said.
"What must I sign?" Jeffrey asked.
"A typical slave contract," Beverly said.
Jeffrey was a very reserved and shy young man. He had few friends and would often pass the time alone in the woods. Jeffrey felt the draw of nature; he was addicted to the wild and being nude in it and could not remember when he had not felt this unction. Redding's proximity to the Trinity wilderness had enabled his hidden proclivity, that is until Officer Clark caught him. He felt comfortable alone, but he was lonely. The solo nudist longed for companionship, especially females. When Jeffrey thought about the situation as he looked at Cybil, he naively could not think of a significant downside. He found her sexy and liked her strength, and he was used to forceful women.
"Here it is. It would be best if you read it before signing it," Cybil said, handing a paper to him.
The more he read, the more pre-cum leaked from his penis. The morning was a dream come true for Jeffrey. The only thing missing from the standard contracts he had sampled online was this one had no reference to safe words. He had been secretly viewing pornography of this very nature for the last eighteen months. He would turn his computer on and binge watch as soon as his mother left for work.
"What does the term coven slave refer to?" Jeffrey asked.
"Just a group of demanding women I lead, some would call witches," Cybil said.
There are no real witches anymore, so that is not a deal-breaker, Jeffrey thought.
"There are no safe words? "Jeffrey asked.
"I knew you were a pervert. No, you must trust me completely, or you are unworthy," Cybil said.
I will sign," Jeffrey said as he felt a lump of fear of the unknown in his throat.
Cybil handed him a pen. Jeffrey signed the contract.
"Excellent, now your training can begin. I will not have you embarrass me in front of my members next week," Cybil said.
Cybil having enough knowledge of the law due to her training knew the paper was worthless in a court of law but hoped young Jeffrey was ignorant of that fact. Spiritually, Cybil knew it was binding him.
"This calls for a celebration," Beverly said.
"Jeffrey go to the kitchen and get the tray of beverages and bring it back," Cybil ordered.
Jeffrey went to the kitchen and found a tray on the kitchen table. On the wall of the kitchen was an emblem of a circle with two juxtaposed crescent moons. Jeffrey thought nothing of it, having no clue of its significance. Three glasses of an unknown juice-like liquid sat on the tray. Two of the tumblers were red, and one was gold.
"Didn't you say you had things to do today?" Cybil asked Beverly while Jeffrey was in the kitchen.
"Yes, but I want to spank him first," Beverly said.
"Go ahead, spank him before he has his drink," Cybil said.
He carried the laden drink tray into the living room, trying to hide his stiff erection with it. Jeffrey's penis's head contacted the silver oval tray and sent a thrilling chill through his nervous system. Cybil sat on an overstuffed leather chair, and Beverly waited on the leather couch across the low table from her.
"Very good he has earned a spanking, serve each of us first, Slaveboy," Cybil said.
Jeffrey held the tray out to Beverly first, and she took one of the red glasses. Then he went over to the chair. Cybil sat in to offer her one. Cybil grabbed the other red beverage.
"Set the tray onto the table and stand before us, Slave," Cybil said.
Jeffrey desperately wanted to keep the tray to hide his nudity.
"Do not be a modest boy; put the tray down," Cybil said.
Jeffrey put the tray down as ordered. His penis stood before him like a pagan obelisk. The two women left him exposed and embarrassed for several minutes, while Jeffrey still hated and loved it at the same time. His mind filled with contradictory opinions. He knew he should not like such blatant exposure, yet the nature boy infused in him loved it. His strict religious upbringing kept rushes of guilt invading his perverse thoughts, yet his body unhindered by any moral dilemma reacted as if he was a total heathen.
The couch was directly across from the window, and Angela's position enabled decent but not great stills of the action, and she continued taking shots. Her camera mounted on a tripod was held stable the magic egg busied itself between her legs. Angela's used her finger to rub her hooded pearl sensuously as she relished the naughty performance in the neighbor's house. As she teased herself slowly, not ready to allow her climax, she deviously schemed how best to use the digital content.
"Now bend over my lap so I can redden your cute young bottom," Beverly said.
Jeffery, utterly confused, laid over Beverly's lap. Beverly caressed his upturned bottom as she trapped his male appendage between her legs.
"Best, be careful, Beverly; he has a hairline trigger," Cybil said, snickering.
"What am I spanking him for?" Beverly asked.
"He can't seem to avoid touching himself. Even though I ordered him not to masturbate until I saw him," Cybil said.
"A good spanking will make him compliant," Beverly said as she squeezed his wood between her legs painfully.
"I hope, so I hate chastity devices," Cybil said. Jeffrey was about to ejaculate from the pressure, but Beverly squeezed the intersection between his cock and his balls painfully just before he could. The deft pressure closed off the semen in his balls, and he immediately stopped.
"Did anyone say you could cum, Slaveboy?" Beverly asked.
"No, Miss," Jeffrey said.
"You are lucky Beverly stopped you; I would have made you clean the couch with your tongue," Cybil said.
"I like to spank the balls occasionally. Jeffrey spread your legs wider," Beverly said.
Jeffrey spread his legs farther as Beverly slapped his ass. Jeffrey felt humiliated yet turned on by his predicament as moisture from his constant excited state seeped from his urethra. Cybil moved to the couch to get a better view of Jeffrey's ass and privates. Cybil changing her position to get a better look at his privates caused Jeffrey even more shame. Angela had switched her SLR to video and was now recording the action as her vibrating egg edged her closer to release.
"Look at his tight little rosebud," Cybil said.
Jeffrey remembering Cybil's finger had just violated him there, felt deliciously exposed as more humiliation washed through his senses.
"Count the strokes Jeffrey," Beverly said.
"One," Jeffrey said.
Smack!
"Swat his nuts, Cybil. Let him know his place," Beverly said.
Cybil struck his balls. The sight caused Angela to go over the edge as she screamed quietly as her body quivered. She accidentally turned off the video recorder and took a burst of rapid photos as her finger inadvertently held the shutter button.
"Two," Jeffrey grimaced.
"No, that does not count," Beverly said. Says who? Jeffrey thought as he still felt pain.
Angela recovered from her orgasm and resumed video recording, and this time she did not keep her hand near the buttons. Angela lazily teased her sex as she breathlessly continued to watch.
Beverly spanked his bottom again. "Two," Jeffrey repeated.
Another smack on his ass. "Three," Jeffrey cried out.
Thirty blows later, she let him up. Jeffrey sat on the floor and took a sip. The beverage was delicious, but he could not recognize the flavor. The unwitting boy took another drink. Cybil and Beverly waited as he drank the liquid.
"I would rather stay, but I have to go. Nice spanking you, Jeffrey," Beverly said.
"Goodbye, Miss," Jeffrey said.
"See you later, Beverley," Cybil said.
Beverly left after kissing Cybil on the cheek. Cybil was glad to see her go; she wanted Jeffrey to herself.
"Finish your drink and go get the box from the spare room. First door to the right down the hall," Cybil said.
Jeffery downed the remainder of his drink and stood up. He walked down the hall and into the guest room, and as the lad reached for the cardboard box as he felt faint. The nineteen-year-old suddenly passed out, landing on the bed next to the mystery package. He woke up two hours later, restrained to the bedposts. Each of his limbs was stretched to a corner post, leaving him spread helplessly upon the bed. This room was on the opposite side of Angela's house, so she could not spy on this action.
"Good, you are awake. Beverly had to go, so now you are mine alone," Cybil said.
Cybil stood over him, tapping a riding crop against her leg. She wore an underbust corset and thigh high stockings, but nothing else other than a leather choker with a gold cast druid rune adorning it. The underbust corset displayed her large breasts to full effect, and her sex was clean-shaven. Jeffrey had never seen a beautiful woman nude before, and Cybil was exceptionally gorgeous. Her gym, hardened body was terrific. Her breasts stood straight out without a hint of sag, even though they were quite large. Several black candles were burning around the room.
"Why am I tied up, Mistress?" Jeffrey asked, fear invading his voice.
"I like it this way. Do you like being helpless for me, Slaveboy?" Cybil asked.
"Yes, but why do you have the whip, Mistress?" Jeffrey answered.
"I did say your training would begin, right," Cybil said, tapping the equestrian training implement against her palm menacingly.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"Good, do you notice anything different about yourself?" Cybil asked.
Jeffrey looked at his hard-on, and it was longer than it had ever been. His dick was now two thirds longer. His cock was now porn star material.
"Do you like it, Slaveboy?" Cybil asked.
"How did it happen?" Jeffrey said.
Cybil struck his chest with the crop.
"You forgot to say, Mistress," Cybil said.
"Sorry, Mistress," Jeffrey said. She hit his right nipple, causing him pain.
She smacked the other nipple and then his balls with the crop. He cried out in pain.
"The Elixir you drank has two remarkable effects. One is your penis increase; the other is you will never grow body hair again," Cybil said.
She struck his sack again, and a whimper escaped his mouth once more.
"Silence, Slave, if you can't take this quietly, I will have to continue until you do," Cybil said.
Cybil swatted both nipples and his sack again, and this time he remained silent. Oddly, Jeffrey felt intense excitement from the pain. Cybil could tell what was up, and she thrashed his nuts again. He did not even whimper, but he regretted it immediately as she stopped torturing him. Jeffrey needed her to hit him again.
"Do not worry; I will have plenty of occasions to administer the pain you crave. I like to cause pain," Cybil said as her lip curled. Cybil knew his wishes before he realized them himself.
She slapped the crop on both nipples and his balls again. Toying with him, she waited until he relaxed before hitting his scrotum once more. The suddenness of it caused him to cry out. She quickly hit him with the equestrian whip, and he managed to remain silent.
"Good job, Slaveboy. Now we will play a game. But first, I will have to open my Amazon shipment," Cybil asked.
Cybil opened the mystery box, and out from within came a variety of sex toys. She unpackaged them one by one and held them up for Jeffrey to see. There were a variety of whips and paddles, plus several anal toys. One of which was a menacing-looking deep purple anal plug devise. She also had purchased other intrusive and pain threatening devices, most of which were far out of the naïve lad's comfort zone. She did not tell him that most of the items were Beverly's order because she wanted the Slaveboy on edge.
"Do you see these fun items, Slaveboy?" Cybil asked.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
She placed the items one by one on the guest dresser top. She left several things in their package. Finally, she held the purple anal plug up for Jeffrey to see.
"Do you know where I want to shove that device?" Cybil asked, smiling lusciously. Cybil had purchased the items through amazon and was thankful for how discreetly they were delivered. Redding was a small and talkative town.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"Do you want me to shove this thing into your ass, Slaveboy?" Cybil asked.
"No, Mistress," Jeffrey said, fear breaking through his voice.
"Good, that will make this game more fun. I am going to sit on your face, and you will lick my pussy. If you can give me an orgasm in under three minutes, I will ride your cock until you come. If you fail, I get to shove that monster in your virgin ass," Cybil said.
She climbed on the bed and straddled his face. Jeffrey had never licked a woman's sex before. Although she was insanely excited, Cybil knew he had no chance of bringing her off in time. Jeffrey licked her urgently for three minutes. He licked her labia and tongued deep into her hole, but the inexperienced and foolish lad did not lick her clitoris at all.
"Time is up, Slaveboy," Cybil said.
She climbed down from the bed and grasped the purple anal intrusion device. She waved it slowly in front of Jeffrey's face.
"This monster will stretch you, good Slaveboy," Cybil said threateningly.
"Please don't, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"How do you know you don't like it until you try it?" Cybil asked, leering at him knowingly.
"I don't think I will, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"You like pain, don't you, Slaveboy?" Cybil asked.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"I will lube it up good and go slow. If you are a good boy and do not cry out, I will give you another chance to earn your first time," I said.
Cybil untied one leg and retied it to the head bedpost, and then she did the same to the other leg. Now his legs fastened in an "u," his private region exposed, Jeffrey's anus was subject to Cybil's terror-inspiring plan. She lubed the anal plug and slowly rubbed it against his tightly clenched opening. She used her finger to open it up a bit as his sphincter clamped down on her finger.
"Relax, I know you will enjoy this," Cybil said, chuckling.
She wiggled her finger around in his opening and added another.
"Are you sure, Mistress?" Jeffrey asked.
"Yes, most Slaves enjoy prostate stimulation," Cybil said.
Cybil began slowly spinning the tip into his orifice. Turning it, she forced it slowly up his rectum. Jeffrey found the pain intoxicating but did try to hide his reaction from Cybil.
"I have never done this before; it is fascinating," Cybil thought.Jeffrey sucked air into his lungs as his tight hole slowly opened. Fascination evident on her face, Cybil enjoyed his discomfort; she inserted the anal toy agonizingly slow. Jeffrey could feel the device inching in as it approached the most extensive section. His sphincter strained open by her forceful intrusion, as an intoxicating pain enveloped his senses. Jeffrey endured the pain increase until it finally went past the most bulbous part, and his opening relaxed around the narrow shaft. His penis was dripping fluid in his unabashed excitement. The pain slowly lessened as his rectum contracted.
"That wasn't so bad, now was it?" Cybil said.
"It hurt a lot," Jeffrey said.
"But now it feels good, doesn't it?" Cybil asked.
"It doesn't hurt anymore, "Jeffrey said.
"It will on the way out," Cybil said as she had experimented with one on herself earlier.
"You like the pain. Tell the truth that is true, right?" Cybil said.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
Cybil showed Jeffrey the next toy, a huge strap-on dildo, still in its packaging. She wagged the veined 12-inch penis replica in front of his nose; even through the packaging, it inspired fear in him.
"Now the next inning of our game. I will let you lick me again, and if you can make me cum within four minutes, I will ride your cock. If you fail, I will screw your ass. That violation will hurt even more than the last toy. Now, do you want me to coach you as you lick?" Cybil asked.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"It will cost you," Cybil said.
"What will it cost, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"I will tell you later, but the penalty will be severe if you fail," Cybil said.
"If I fail?" Jeffrey repeated, his voice less than confident.
Cybil climbed back onto his face, and she reached behind her to caress Jeffreys balls. Jeffrey began to lick again.
"Now, for the coaching method, it is like the game hot and cold. If I like what you are doing, I will caress your boys. If I do not like it, I will smack them," Cybil said.
Cybil let Jeffrey lick her labia for a minute and then smacked his sack.
"One minute is gone, Jeffrey," Cybil said.
He began to tongue her hole, stabbing in and out of it. Soon she smacked his balls again. Jeffrey licked up from the cervical opening and accidentally licked the hood of her clitoris. She caressed his boys. He licked her pearl harder, and she began to buck on his face, but a full three minutes had already passed.
"You only have one minute left," Cybil said.
He licked furiously, and she climaxed just under four minutes. She untied his legs and climbed on his erection. He could feel the circulation slowly returning to his legs. She lowered herself down upon him, enjoying how he stretched her wet sex. She had never had a cock this big in her before, and Jeffrey gasped as the velvet envelope engulfed his sensitive shaft. Her moist sheath felt better than anything he had experienced around his swollen shaft. He let out an unrestrained moan.
"If you cum without permission, I will make you lick your cum out of me," Cybil said.
She began moving her sex up and down on his cock, knowing full well he had no chance of controlling himself. Up and down, she rode as his body stiffened. The butt-plug was now pressed against his prostate at the bottom of each cycle.
"I can't hold out," Jeffrey admitted.
"You best, or I will punish you," Cybil said.
Jeffrey tried desperately not to climax, but he had never felt anything so stimulating before. The sensations on his penis were fantastic, and the prostrate stimulus added another level of exquisite pleasure. He plummeted beyond control, and his penis ejaculated. Jet after jet saturated her inner folds.
"I warned you not to cum, didn't I?" Cybil said.
"Yes, Mistress. I am sorry," Jeffrey said.
"Now for the best part," Cybil said as she cupped her hand over her dripping sex and moved back over his face.
"As you penance, clean it out, good slave or I might still violate that tight ass of yours with Beverly's toy," Cybil said.
Jeffrey reluctantly did as she wanted and licked the repulsive liquid out of her semen moistened folds. He was surprised that it tasted less disgusting than he had imagined. She moaned as he licked her out. The mischief of it soon had Jeffrey fully erect once more. He licked her clit again, wanting to please her. Cybil, thrilled by the sense of power and the sensations, climaxed again. She shuddered, her nervous system overloaded with delight, and when she was back in control, she noticed his erect penis.
"Good, you are ready again," Cybil said.
She moved back onto his shaft and lowered her pussy onto him. He had to pee but welcomed the sensations anyway. She rode him violently, wanting to climax before him. Cybil looked out the bedroom window to see Angela, now dressed in a pale blue shift, taking pictures of them through the window from the yard. The thin sack-like covering looked more like a beach coverup than a dress, and it barely covered Angela's bottom. Cybil was too busy to worry about that now; she would have to deal with it later. Angela's parents were away, and Cybil already had a plan.
"I won't be giving you permission to cum; I like you licking it out too much," Cybil said.
She shuddered just as he ejaculated once more. She quickly moved her semen soiled sex back onto his waiting mouth. Jeffrey did not hesitate to lick this time, as he wanted to please Cybil desperately. He licked this smaller load up quickly and licked her pearl again. She climaxed. Cybil could hear Angela's camera shutter clicking away.
"What time does your mother get home?" Cybil asked.
"Four o'clock, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"We better take a shower then; it is three," Cybil said. She untied him and led him into the bathroom.
Once in the shower, she kissed him for the first time. She forced her tongue into his mouth, and he willingly accepted it. She made out with him as they washed one another. She was in control. She stopped kissing him long enough to remove the plug from his anus. The removal of the device hurt as Cybil had foretold. She washed it off and set it on the edge of the tub.
"We will play with this later. I have two weeks off. My friends and I could only afford the houseboat for next week, so I expect you to come here every day for training. Tonight, you will tell your mother you have a date; then you will take me to dinner. Pick me up at six-thirty," Cybil said.
Jeffrey went home, confused by the events of the day. He entered his mother's piteously clean house and contemplated the recent acts in which he had engaged. The youth had no idea why he reacted as he did, but he was thrilled to be a virgin no longer. He waited for his mother's return and thought about what details he should tell her. Jeffrey kept few secrets from his mother, as she and he were close, especially after his father's passing.
When she arrived, he spoke to his mother and asked permission to go out that evening, even though it was only a courtesy. Jeffrey was a nineteen-year-old man and could do as he pleased. Constance Nixon never would tell him, no, but she was still an influence. He always did as she wished out of deep respect. Jeffrey told his mother about Cybil and how he had met her while at the river days earlier. He informed her that he thought she was in her early twenties but was unsure exactly how old she was.
"Is she a local girl?" Constance asked. Jeffrey's mother had grown up in Redding and moved to the bay area while married to his father. After divorce, she moved back to get childcare help from her mother; she knew most of the city's longtime citizens.
"I think so her mother lives here in town as well," Jeffrey said.
"You said that her last name was Clark?" Constance asked.
"Yes, her mother's name is Beverly," Jeffrey said.
"I knew a Janet Clark; her parents owned a house on Tehama," Constance said.
"Cybil lives on Tehama," Jeffrey said.
"Probably, the same family," Constance said.
"I will most likely be late getting in, don't worry about me. I will call the second anything goes wrong if it does," Jeffrey informed his mother.
Later that Monday evening, Jeffrey changed into his only dress shirt and slacks, kissed his mother, and left his home. Jeffrey drove back to Cybil's house. Cybil was waiting for him in a green evening gown, and the dress complimented her green eyes perfectly. The thin straps and cut of the dress were such that Jeffrey could tell she was braless. The dress was Cybil's favorite because the silky material caressed her breasts as she moved.
"We are going to my stepmother's good friend Sharon's club," Cybil said.
She led Jeffrey to her car in the garage. Her vehicle was a low-slung Japanese two-door front-engine convertible, and the convertible top was open.
"Jeffrey, take off all your clothes, and I will lock them in the trunk," Cybil said.
You want me to ride naked in the car, Mistress," Jeffrey asked.
"Would you like a spanking first?" Cybil asked.
"No, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
It was only six-thirty in the evening, and it would be light for at least an hour, but Jeffrey did as Cybil wished. She opened the trunk waiting for Jeffrey to disrobe and place his clothing into the boot. Jeffrey reluctantly took off his shirt and folded it neatly. Cybil pinched his nipple harshly, "Hurry up; I don't have all night," Cybil said.
Jeffrey bent to remove his only dress leather shoes. Cybil took one of them from him. He released his belt and stepped out of his slacks next, as Cybil caressed his back teasingly. He slipped off his socks. Cybil spanked Jeffrey's backside with his shoe through his boxers," I said, hurry up."
Jeffrey was excited again as his boxers tented to reveal. Cybil set the shoe down and pulled his boxers off herself. She put them in the hamper next to the washer and dryer in the garage.
"You won't be needing these," Cybil said.
"My private parts will show through those thin slacks, Mistress," Jeffrey complained.
"I know, are you arguing with me?" Cybil asked, spanking his flanks suddenly with his shoe.
"No, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
She pushed him over into the trunk and swatted his bare bottom ten times with Jeffrey's shoe.
"I won't argue with you. Your attitude earned those ten and ten more," Cybil said.
She hit each of his butt cheeks five times with the shoe. The leather sole left visible imprints that would bruise the next day. She pulled Jeffrey up by his hair and kissed him sweetly on the lips. Her kiss became more forceful as she forced her tongue into his mouth. Jeffrey excitedly returned her kiss.
"You will learn to like doing things my way," Cybil asked as she softly caressed his member.
"Yes, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
She closed the lid and locked his clothes in the car's storage.
"Don't worry; I will give them back to you in Dunsmuir. Sharon's restaurant is north of there," Cybil said.
She pulled Jeffrey to the passenger door, but before letting him into the passenger side, she turned him and pressed his pain-riddled bottom against the cold metal door. She kissed him forcefully and roamed her hands freely over his body. Jeffrey felt emasculated, precisely what Cybil wanted. She opened the door for him and held his hand to help him into the car, further humiliating him.
"Are you going to close the top," Jeffrey asked, nervous and thrilled about his nudity, simultaneously.
"Of course not; I am proud of my young date," Cybil said as she opened the garage door with the remote.
She backed the car into the bright Redding sun and out of the drive. Jeffrey tried to slouch in his seat.
"Sit up pretty for me, Slave. You don't want me to have to stop the car and spank you over the hood of the car," Cybil said.
Despite how busy Redding is every evening due to the extreme heat in the middle of the day, Jeffrey complied. Jeffrey sat up; she sped down the street and quickly made her way to the highway five interstate. Jeffrey could see by a middle-aged woman's reaction as Cybil made a right turn in front of the woman on the sidewalk. Smiling, the gawking unknown woman enjoyed the show. Jeffrey gloriously exposed was excited as he could ever remember. The hairs on his neck stood up in exhibitionist anticipation. She quickly pulled out to the left lane and drove fast, a bit over the speed limit. Traffic was light, but several cars high enough to see his exposed state did see him as she passed them in the fast lane. Jeffrey knowing the area well feared they would get stopped at the speed trap ahead. Nervous perspiration began to form on his flush skin when Cybil started to pass a truck driven by a female truck driver. Cybil slowed down as she realized a woman sat in the cab. The truck driver smiled at Cybil. Cybil paced the car along the side of the truck. Jeffrey titillated, yet distraught, tried to cover himself with his hand only to have Cybil slap it away.
"Let her see, Slaveboy," Cybil said.
The attractive blond fifty-something driver laughed. She signaled a stroking motion with her hand.
"Do as she request, stroke your cock for her, Slaveboy," Cybil said.
Jeffrey began to masturbate for the stranger sheepishly. She smiled at Cybil.
"Pull it harder, give her a real show, but do not cum," Cybil ordered.
Jeffrey stroked himself in earnest as Cybil paid more attention to the winding road. Up and down his flesh tube, his hand oscillated, and just before he climaxed, Cybil slapped his balls painfully.
"Stop, Slaveboy," Cybil said as she sped past the truck.
The truck driver let out a blast of her air horn in appreciation. Cybil pulled the car onto an offramp and turned right on a country lane.
"Sharon's place is a private club," Cybil said.
Soon they pulled onto a gravel drive and up to log walled building. The building's sign read, "Glaonna Nádúr." Jeffrey had no idea what that meant; he even did not recognize it was Gaelic. The building logs had druid emblems carved along an eye-level bark less timber.
"What does the sign say, Mistress," Jeffrey asked.
"It is something you agree with and long for, Nature Boy," Cybil said as she knew the sign translates to 'nature calls.'
Jeffrey did not press her any further as Cybil got out of the car and opened the trunk. She threw his clothes to him, but his belt was not with the clothes. Several cabins could see down into the gravel parking lot, and Jeffrey quickly redressed himself minus the two missing items of clothing. Once he dressed, he got out of the car and walked with Cybil into the club.
The club, dimly lit, looked like a forest inside. The motif was vines and trees, and Sharon showed them to a booth. The place had several patrons, but strangely all of them were female. Unless Jeffrey was mistaken, he was the only male there.
"Hello Sharon," Cybil said.
"Hello, Cybil, who is this delicious morsel?" Sharon asked.
"This is my Slaveboy, Jeffrey," Cybil replied.
"You remember the rule about Monday night?" Sharon asked.
"Yes, and I will have Jeffrey follow it," Cybil said.
Sharon looked about forty, but she had opened the club in nineteen seventy-four, so she had to be in her sixties. Sharon's body was voluptuous, and her face looked sexy and exotic. Sharon left to attend to the other guests; Jeffrey could not help but watch her backside as she left. Cybil kicked him under the table.
"I will spank your bare ass over this table if I have to," Cybil said.
"Sorry, Mistress," Jeffrey said.
"You will apologize to Sharon as well later," Cybil said.
"Am I the only guy here, Mistress?" Jeffrey asked.
"Yes, Monday is ladies' night. You don't have to call me Mistress here," Cybil said.
"Won't me being here upset people?" Jeffrey asked.
"Not if I let them dance with you after we eat," Cybil said.
A lithe blond woman in a short skirt brought out the meal without Cybil even ordering it; the plates held a thick cut of meat, baked potatoes, and green beans. Another small bowl contained a salad with ranch dressing.
"How did they know what you wanted?" he asked.
"They only serve two choices on Monday, the venison entre with a salad, or a salad minus the entre. I always have venison. After all, I provide the meat with game confiscated from poachers," Cybil said.
Jeffrey ate his food as the women of the club stared at him. When the couple finished eating, Sharon returned to the table to see if everything was all right.
"Jeffrey has something to say to you," Cybil said.
"I am sorry," Jeffrey said as he turned an embarrassed red.
"Sorry for what?" Sharon asked.
"For staring at your butt when you walked away," Jeffrey admitted.
"That's okay, sugar, but you have to make up for it by showing me your penis," Sharon said as she stood to block him from the rest of the guests.
"You heard her pull down your pants, Jeffrey," Cybil said.
Jeffrey opened his pants and pulled them away from his enraged staff. Sharon looked at his cock, as Jeffrey felt self-conscious about the forced exposure. Sharon slid into the booth next to Jeffrey, pushing him in against the wall. Some of the other patrons noticed his nudity and looked on.
"You don't mind if I grope your young slave, do you Cybil," Sharon asked.
"Be my guest," Cybil said.
Sharon grasped Jeffrey by his root.
"This feels nice in my hand. Such a big lovely young cock," Sharon said.
She stroked it a few times. Then she hard slapped his cock head.
"That is for taking liberties with your eyes, boy," Sharon said.
She then rubbed it softly again, until he relaxed, only to slap it again painfully just up the shaft from his sack. Sharon stopped tormenting him.
"Pull your pants up but take your shoes off. No shoes are allowed on the dance floor. The girls will all want to dance with you," Sharon said.
Sharon turned on the spotlights to an elevated dance floor. Classic rock ballads began to play over the sound system. Jeffrey removed his shoes.
"The girls will all have a playing card, and you will dance with them in order of card number. The lowest number goes first. They will probably get very grabby but do not deny them anything. I do not want to get kicked out of this club. Do you understand, Slaveboy?" Cybil asked.
"I have two of the hearts," a tall, slightly chubby half-black woman with a lovely face said, holding up her playing card.
The woman pulled Jeffrey to the elevated dance floor and began dancing with him to "Still loving you." "My name is Thelma, and I have three tickets tonight," the woman said.
She pulled Jeffrey close and crushed her big boobs into him; she was not wearing a bra, and Jeffrey could feel her nipples harden. Thelma forced her hand down the back of his pants and squeezed his bottom. His pants were tight, and she was not satisfied with her hand's access. She reached between their bodies and undid his slacks button. Thelma added her other hand down the back of his pants, grasping a cheek in each palm. Jeffery could feel the smooth fabric of his pants slowly slipping off his bottom. Soon his pants were halfway down his backside. The song ended, and another woman, a fiery red-dyed-hair Asian with a rocking body, showed him three hearts on her card.
"My name is Mele, don't bother redoing your pants," she said as "Love Song" began to play.
She pulled Jeffrey in tight, but her hand roamed up and down his chest slowly as she unbuttoned his shirt. Soon his shirt hung open off his shoulders. Her hand went lower and lower until it slunk stealthily down the front of his half-off slacks. She grasped his manhood as she spun him around the dance floor. His pants slipped farther down, and fully half his bare bottom was on display. The six women, and Cybil, lined around the dance floor, could see his pale tail in the spotlight. She pulled his shaft as she deftly steered him along the edges of the dance surface to display him to her clan. Mele kissed Jeffrey on the lips and forced her tongue into his mouth as her deft grip on his root caused him to exhale into the kiss. Jeffreys pants fell to his ankles, fully exposing all of him beneath the waist. Mele's rock hard nipples bored into his chest.
The model-like woman with the four-card said, "my name is Tracy."
Tracy pulled to the middle of the floor as her hands rubbed up and down Jeffrey's chest. Soon Tracy began pinching and pulling his nipples, grasping Jeffrey by his nipples as she danced with him. Her nails were biting into the supple flesh. He moaned in agony as she pulled him by his teats, forcing his mouth to her lips. As Tracy's kisses became more ardent; until she bent forward and bit his right nipple. Soon she was nibbling on the left nipple as they moved slowly in time with the music. Jeffrey felt wanted yet undoubted dominated as if he could tell that Tracy only wished to take him as a prize. There was an aloofness to her passion. Jeffrey, the only one naked in the club, felt lowly, a possession of female ownership. His cock was leaking; he was so excited by his circumstance. The song ended, and a cute tall, muscular woman showed Jeffrey the five-card, and she looked as if she were a bodybuilder.
"My name Becky," She said as she grabbed him and picked him out of his crumpled pants, which she stood on to keep on the floor. The song "Beth" started to play. Becky pulled him close and began rubbing Jeffrey's bare behind. Her one hand moved between his cheeks until she found his tight rosebud. She held his waist with one hand and probed his tight hole with the curled middle finger of the other.
"What a tight little ass you have," Becky said.
Jeffrey moaned as she fingered his hole. She, too, kissed him as she released his waist and used her other hand to his cock. She now held him by his shaft while her digit probed into him as they danced; the strong woman could easily kiss and fondle helpless Jeffrey at will. Jeffrey felt abused, but he relished it. When the song ended, she stripped of Jeffrey's shirt as they continued to dance to "Open Arms." No-one stopped the woman as her anal assault of helpless Jeffrey continued. She almost had Jeffrey ejaculating onto the dance floor when that song ended.
"Hey, it is my turn," the one Jeffrey had assumed a waitress with the six of hearts said.
"I am Nora," she said as "The day I met you" began to play. She pulled him close and grabbed Jeffrey's ass possessively. A minute into the number, she reached into her pocket and pulled a restraint out. She slipped a cock ring over him. The rubber restriction gadget was a ring within a metal ring, and the stainless-steel part had two nipple clamps connected by chains.
"Sharon wants these on you before she dances with you next, but first, dance with me some more," Nora said.
She pulled him into her arms for the second time, her palm teasing over the two nipple clamps.
"honestly, I would much rather you paw me up," Nora said as she pulled his hands down to her bottom. Jeffrey felt her thong revealed arse. Her short skirt rode up as he groped her. Her tight globes felt taught in his strong hands. Her breasts crushed into his chest as she held him tight, her pelvis ground against his erection. They slowly moved as they kissed the only real kiss Jeffrey had experienced in the club. The two tongues intertwined as they danced sensuously.
"You can rip my top off if you want to," Nora said, her eyes pleading for Jeffrey to do as she suggested.
Jeffrey ripped her white blouse off. Her "b" cup tits undulated freely as a smile broke out on her face.
Sharon came behind Nora and grabbed her arms, holding them fast behind Nora's back.
"She likes having her tits slapped. Slap her tits, Slave," Sharon said.
Jeffrey, though he was unsure about it, he slapped Nora's right breast.
"No, slap them hard; she likes it," Sharon said. Nora looked at him, wanting him to hit harder. Jeffrey slapped the same breast harder this time. Jeffrey swatted her left nipple hard as Nora and Sharon wished.
"Slap them some more; I know you want to," Nora said.
He smacked her nipples several more times as hissed in delight. Then the song ended just as Jeffrey realized he was enjoying being the aggressor. Sharon showed him the six of hearts.
She pulled him with the chain to the middle of the dance floor as Sharon kissed his lips and the pain seared through his nipples. Sharon pulled Jeffrey into an embrace as her hand grasped his balls and squeezed. She forced her tongue into his throat as 'maybe I'm amazed,' played. She began stroking his shaft to the beat of the music as he thrust his hips in tempo as well.
"I have become bored with dancing. It is time for a wrestling match. The loser gets fucked. Now to see who will get to wrestle Jeffrey," Sharon said.
Jeffrey was so close to climaxing that the suggestion of stopping almost made him cry. She took her hand off Jeffrey's cock.
"Nora, go get another deck of cards," Sharon said.
Sharon shuffled the new deck, and Nora cut the cards.
"Everyone takes a card. High card wrestles Jeffrey," Sharon said.
The women pulled a card each in turn. Cybil, for the first time, entered the game but drew a two. Becky pulled a six, Thelma picked a ten, Tracy took a jack, Sharon got a seven, and Nora lucked into an ace.
"I win," Nora said. Jeffrey was happy it was not Becky as he knew he had no chance against her.
The women unrolled a matt from the wall of the dance floor. Nora removed the nipple clamps and cock ring from Jeffrey. As the blood returned to Jeffrey's nips, Sharon left to change into referee clothing and quickly returned.
"Anyone getting penned must submit to a penalty of two minutes immediately suspending the match. The penalty victim will submit to anything the victor wants. Three pens constitute a loss, and dominating your opponent with unstopped fondling is one point. Fingering your opponent against their will is two points. With a three-count, back on the matt pen, tapped out, is worth three points—most points in a round win the round and the victor. Round losers will suffer a two-minute submission penalty. Two-minute rounds, any questions," Sharon said.
Neither wrestler asked anything. Nora removed her skirt for the match, leaving her only wearing the dark blue thong. A bell rang, and Jeffrey and Nora circled the matt, facing one another. Nora struck first and wrestled Jeffrey to the ground. Nora was an experienced wrestler, and Jeffrey had no such experience. Jeffrey barely avoided ha pen, but Nora soon controlled his head in her muscular legs as he grabbed her knees to try to wrest free. With her butt right above his eyes, he noticed she a symbol tattoo. It looked like an infinity symbol with a double-ended arrow bisecting it. Jeffrey pushed his finger under her thong and into her sex to try to encourage her to release him, as this would result in points she quickly rolled away from his strategy. Weakened by her legs restricting his wind earlier, Jeffrey fell an easy victim to Nora's next move. She straddled his face, her knees on his arms as her ass hovering over his mouth. The female wrestler pulled her thong to one side and rubbed her wet slit on his face. She reached out to grab his balls as the bell rang.
"Nora won the round. Jeffrey will submit to her penalty," Sharon announced.
Nora sat on Jeffrey in the sixty-nine position. She took Jeffrey's cock into her mouth and rubbed her slit on his face again. He licked her as she demanded. Nora moved her lips up and down his shaft, teasingly. Nora, overly excited by having her clit licked, climaxed quickly. Once she had her orgasm, she denied Jeffrey one as the two minutes were up.
Round two started as they grasped at each other again. Nora took it easy on him, and he almost penned her. Nora threw round two and wishing to submit to Jeffrey's penalty. Sharon called the round for Jeffrey. Jeffrey wanted to lick her pussy some more and put Nora onto her back to lap her slit. She squirmed as he licked her to the edge slowly, only to deny her this time as the two minutes were over.
The bell rang, and Nora, upset by the denial, did not mess around as she threw Jeffrey to the matt. He struggled in vain as her skill quickly penned him. Jeffrey had lost. He hoped Nora would not violate his ass with a dildo, like the wrestling video he had watched.
Nora did not; she just made him lie on his back and used his cock in her pussy.
"I need a cock too much to waste this opportunity, but you will be licking your cum out of me," Nora said.
She rode him violently until she spasmed uncontrollably. He ejaculated into her tight hole. She moved her pussy to his waiting lips for Jeffrey to clean her out. Jeffrey, now used to such duty, willingly complied. He became hard again.
"Can I ride him? I need a sperm donor," Thelma asked.
"Sure, honey, his young balls are still full," Nora said.
Thelma sat on his cock reverse cowgirl, and her plump light chocolate ass soon was bobbing up and down on Jeffrey's large cock. Thelma's velvety goodness felt insane on his young cock. Thelma shuddered as his massive rod, brought her over the edge. Minutes later, Jeffrey unloaded another massive discharge into Thelma's vagina.
"Thanks, sweety, my Mark has a low sperm count, and I am sick of waiting for the perfect storm," Thelma said as she got off his shaft.
"My pleasure," Jeffrey said.
"I am not done with you yet," Nora said as she sucked Jeffrey hard again. Once he was up for it, she rode his meat pole another time. Cybil lowered her pussy into his mouth, "you are still my date," she said giggling. Nora soon drained his balls with her gripping flesh as Cybil climaxed on Jeffrey's tongue.