"I'll take it."
The idea of living in an apartment building has always lacked any real appeal to me, but with the cost of lawyer's fees and the actual settlement payout from my resent divorce, it left me no other alternatives.
With two bedrooms and all bills included, the exception would be cable and phone, living here would afford me the luxury of being able to eat. The building was older, but clean. The owners had recently invested some money and renovated all of the units. The surrounding grounds were well maintained, and it was in a safe enough neighborhood. As an added bonus, from the balcony of my eighth-floor apartment, if I twisted my head just right, there was a glimpse of the river to be seen off in the distance.
The check for first and last month's rent was signed, sealed and delivered. Just like that, I was locked in for the next 12 months.
Filling a space of less than 1000 square feet wouldn't be too hard. There always tends to be lots of furniture left over from a divorce, so I took a few of my favorite things and sold off the rest. In retrospect I probably should have taken more, but the memories were too hard to forget.
My wife and I had been high school sweethearts. We married, worked hard, bought a big old house, did renos and filled our home, with treasures from anywhere that we could find them.
Shelley was what my mother liked to refer to as "Tomboyish". She always cut her hair short and never wore make-up or dresses. She was always one of the guys when we went out with my friends, and she had no problem getting down and dirty in work or play and that's what attracted me to her. Not once during our 5 years of marriage, did I suspect that she wasn't happy.
Unfortunately for me, I turned out to be a bad judge of character. Shelly it turns out wasn't unhappy. In fact, she was quite content and that's because she was living a double life, and I was non the wiser. In fact, I may not have ever found out had it not been for a freak incident that changed my life.
On a snowy, wintery day just like any other snowy, wintery day, I headed out to work. Only today an accident that didn't even involve me would set me on my heels and turn me back toward home. About 15 minutes into my ride to work, I rounded a bend to find two steaming vehicles. Both were surrounded by shattered glass and metal debris. Just by looking at the wreck, you could tell that the odds of survival were minimal. As it turned out, two of the occupants of the first car did survive, but the lone driver of the second car, did not.
Being the first to arrive on the scene, I did what I could, but with only basic first-aid training to my credit, it wasn't enough. After statements were made and the investigation was complete, the officers suggested that I take the remainder of the day off. Time had flown past. I didn't even realize that it was a couple of hours into my shift. Making the call to work and explaining what had happened, I headed back to the safety of my home.
The idea of being comforted by Shelley made me feel better. Everything was as I had left it when I departed earlier. The only difference was the smell of fresh coffee and the sounds of music. Shelley worked from home and always had something playing in the background, she said it eased her mind.
Walking down the hall toward her office, nothing. Shelley's laptop was open, but the screen was black. Two warm coffee cups sat on her desk, but no one was there enjoying them.
At that very moment I knew. Somewhere in the deepest depths of my heart and mind, I knew where she was and what she was doing. You get that sickening feeling in the pit of your stomach. Climbing the stairs in silence, I heard the noises of sex. The grunts and groans of lovemaking filled my ears. I should have just turned and left, but I had to see it for myself.
Kathy Amato is a woman from just down our street. A woman that I would have had to guess was in her early forties, was on her hands and knees, in the same bed that I had only gotten out of a few hours ago. Behind her, sporting a two-way strap on dildo, was my wife.
Shelley knew what she was doing. Just by watching, anyone could have told you that this wasn't her first time performing this act. Thrusting forward into her partner she would occasionally slap Kathy's ass or thumb her asshole. Either way, Kathy seemed to be in a state of euphoria. Writhing and squealing on my bed while my wife pounded her cunt with a long, hard, piece of silicone.
When Kathy came, Shelley dropped like rock and crammed her face into Kathy's freshly fucked hole. I would have smiled if I wasn't so heartbroken. Shelley had always loved the taste of herself. She had no problem licking me clean after any event, whether it was my face or penis. So, going down on Kathy was probably the highlight of the day for her.
Sitting downstairs waiting for them to finish, my mind raced with how this would play out. Would Shelley offer me to join them in a threesome? Would she say that she was sorry? Was Kathy her only other lover? As it turned out, it was none of the above. Shelley did come clean or should I say, come out. She told me that sex with me made her stomach turn. It "wasn't me personally", but it was me because as she put it, I wasn't a woman. Apparently, our marriage was one of convenience. Her parents were old fashioned and anti-gay, so for Shelley, it was convenient to marry me.
That night my wife packed up all of her belongings and the next time I saw her was three months later at the lawyer's office to divide our assets.
Anyway, the past is just that, the past, I hold no resentment towards her. Shelley did what was best for her, and it's hard to fault anyone for that. So, moving back into the present. Things fell together quickly. The living room was set-up with my leather furniture and entertainment system, the master bedroom was done, the second bedroom became a catch all for everything that didn't have a place. When it was complete, I was proud of how tastefully decorated it was.
It took awhile to get used to the idea of living where I was. One of the things that I didn't bring with me was curtains and when I was setting up, I couldn't help but get a fishbowl feeling. It was like someone, maybe everyone, was watching all my moves.
Sleeping in my new digs wasn't easy. The bright lights of the apartments across the courtyard shone into my window lighting up the room. Going into the spare room, I found an old blanket that would block out the light until a better alternative could be had. 10:47pm. Piss on it, I wanted a beer.
From my balcony, the cool spring air felt right. It was my first time out there since I first viewed the apartment and during the darkness of the evening hours, the view was significantly different. Like me, many of the other tenants didn't have drapes, curtains, or blinds covering their windows.
I was immediately addicted to the view. Looking into the lives of those that were surrounding me seemed wrong but exciting all at the same time. On my very first foray into the perversion of peeping, I was blessed by two separate events.
The first was from one floor down and directly across from me. It was a short yet sweet view of a naked woman walking from what I would assume was her bedroom to her kitchen and back again.
The second lasted longer. The corner unit two floors down, I could see directly into the bedroom of a couple having sex. They weren't what I would call fat, but they weren't in the best of shape. If I had been scanning through the porn channels, this was one that I would have passed by, but here in the darkness, happening live, right before my very eyes, I couldn't look away.
In missionary, my rotund friend ploughed into the woman beneath him. Her large, saggy breasts flopped to the sides of her chest, moving along to the motion of his thrusts. It was like watching a silent porno movie from a long way away. Knowing what had happened or what was about to happen was a guessing game. I didn't even know that the climax of the movie had come and gone until the male character in my show, pulled his limp dick out of his partner and unceremoniously wiped it on what appeared to be a t-shirt.
When the light to their room turned off, I scanned the apartments in front of my balcony looking for more action. I was a junkie looking for my next fix. I failed to realize until it was too late that my free hand had slipped into my shorts, pulled out my penis, and I was subconsciously stroking myself. The only thing that alerted me to the fact that someone may be watching me as well, was a tiny glowing light that caught my eye.
The reddish orange amber came and went as if some kind of beacon in the fog. It took a couple of seconds before cigarette came to mind. I wasn't the only one doing some watching, but I was the only one doing it out in the open, with the lights on.
Monday after work, I stopped and ordered a pizza. It wasn't really the pizza that I wanted, but the pizza shop was located directly across from Best Buy, and what I did want, was in there. Instead of working during the day, I researched some useful information and $189.99 later, I left Best Buy with a pair of Nikon Prostaff 3S binoculars in a bag.
The foyer to my apartment held all of the mailboxes. Using my little brass key to open the small rectangle, I gather up some junk mail, when I noticed a cardboard cylinder leaning on the wall below, with #812 written on it in black marker. It wasn't post marked, but the number on it, told me that it was mine.
In the safety of my own place, I put down the pizza and binoculars, opened a beer and investigated my cylindrical tube. It was taped, but not enough to be suspicious. Using a steak knife was all that it took to remove the seal of the end cap. The contents were a piece of paper and a rolled-up poster of some kind.
Moving the inner wrap of the poster in a counterclockwise movement was all it took to loosen it so that I could get it out. Laying it flat on the table I found an excellent colorful version of Leonardo de Vinci's' Vitruvian Man. The handwriting on the paper attached, was a very stylish cursive, "812 welcome to the building. We need more twentysomethings in here. I think Leo's "V" man would look great if you framed it and put it on the wall behind your usual chair. Use the black frame in your spare room to accentuate it. P.S. nice penis."
What the actual hell. Did someone break into my apartment and look around? The only other way that they would know what was in my...holy shit. They could see into my place as easily as I could see into others, but who?
After my pizza, I pulled the frame out of the spare room, and with very little trimming, the poster fit. It sure enough looked good in the suggested spot.
Trying my best to be Sherlock Holmes, I put my back against the wall of my newly hung picture and tried to determine which of the windows could be allowing the stranger into my home. Five, possibly six. That was the number of apartments across the way and in the far corner that could see the wall behind my chair. Five for sure, the sixth was a stretch, but it was worth a consideration.
Getting into the other two buildings wasn't nearly as difficult as one might believe. Wait until you see someone leaving and walking in after they go, just like you are supposed to be there. With pad and pen in hand I got all of the apartment numbers, but the names were harder. All the mailboxes, like mine just had numbers, no names.
As day became night, I turned out the lights that trailed to my bedroom. Waiting impatiently until whomever sent my gift thought that I was asleep, I crawled in the darkness to my living room. My new binoculars took some getting used to, but with some small adjustments, they worked perfect. Through the process of elimination, I was able to cross two places off my list. Elderly and foreign families weren't the culprits. Ninety minutes later and still nothing.
The rest of the week was much the same. I tried but nothing. Friday night I lit up the whole apartment like the Fourth of July. I had a couple of beers out on the balcony. Made a show of taking off my shirt and heading to the washroom. I showered and came out wearing only shorts. Still no one visibly watching.
At midnight I shut everything down and went into covert operations mode. I put on a black hoodie, and black sweatpants. In the total darkness of my apartment I was invisible. The Nikon put me into the room of those across from me, but no one was there. No one was watching.
Moving to my spare room, I pulled open the window to reduce the glare and looked through the screen. The only action was from the hot little number that I had seen last week. I wished that it had been her that sent me the note and picture, but considering she lived on the seventh floor, there was no way that she could see up and into my place.
Tonight, she was naked and sitting in what was her apartment, 722. The reflection of whatever she was watching on her television, danced off her naked flesh. Her breasts and belly changed colors as if by magic. Watching as she raised her arms up over her head, she pulled her long hair up and wrapped it in a bun.
Her eyes never leaving the television, as she traced her fingers over her hardened, dark little nipples and circled her areolas. I zoomed in as close as possible and her hard tits looked like they were only six feet away from my touch. I couldn't resist the temptation of reaching into my sweats and wrapping my hand around my cock. I moaned aloud as the dark-skinned beauty from across the courtyard ran her hand down her hard belly to her crotch.
Her fingers were buried in her pussy, but I couldn't see the action all that well. I knew what she was doing, but her leg was in the way. Even when I zoomed in with the binoculars it didn't help. From the look on her face, what she was doing was working for her. As her clitoral stimulation continued, her legs slowly but surely started to spread. Her naked tits bounced from the motion of her hands on her cunt. Every so often she would grab at her nipples with her palm and fingers, pulling at the flesh in an almost abusive way. I wish that I could have seen what she was watching on the screen.
The strange serenity of watching silent porn absorb me. The only sounds to be heard were those of me stroking my hardon. Alone with the exhibitionist in front of me. I worked myself harder and harder.
The whitish blue light of her cell phone startled us both. For some unknown reason, I ducked behind the wall as if the call was to alert her that I was watching. The conversation was short and sweet, ending with her going back to the business "at hand".
Her fingers didn't do the trick, so Miss Seventh Floor picked up something that had been laying next to her. The shiny black dildo was short and thick, with a nub of sorts, that I assumed was to stimulate the clit when the dildo was fully inserted. Using a tube of gel, the little vixen lubed up the plastic phallus and started to rub it on her pussy lips.
The voyeuristic act of watching this beauty was easily, the sexiest thing that had happened in my life for the past 4 months.
Frothy juices coated the dildo as it slid in and out of her wet pussy. The art of steadying the binoculars in one hand while trying to focus on her face and vagina at the same time was a juggling act. Throw in the fact that I was jerking off, using my opposite hand, made it almost impossible.
With both hands, she pushed the little black fuck machine completely up into place, arched her back, and came. It was a mesmerizing display of sexuality.
Spent from her round of self-abuse, the beauty from below, pulled the glistening black unit slowly out of her pussy. Fully engrossed in whatever she was watching, she moved the toy up until it rested on her bottom lip. When her tongue darted out to taste her own juices, I shot a load of cum all over the wall in front of me. My caveman grunt should have been enough to alert the whole complex, but no one moved. No one that is except, the girl in 722.
Using her tongue to circle the head of her toy, she pursed her lips and sucked the shaft into her mouth. Giving the best or should I say only, simulated blow job that I had ever seen, 722 licked all of her juices off of the shaft.
My night would have been complete at that point had she not turned her head, looked directly toward my window, smiled, and as nonchalantly as possible, waved.
What in the actual fuck just happened? I hit the floor like a bag of wet cement. Crawling into my bedroom was my only option. Waiting, I could only assume that someone would come knocking on my door, but it never happened. In fact, Saturday and Sunday were also quiet. Common sense told me to not risk anymore Peeping Tom action for a while. I knew what I had to do, so providing the measurements to the clerk at Lowe's he was able to custom cut the blinds needed to cover my windows. Those along with a solid set of colored curtains, would give me all the privacy needed.
Work on Monday was exactly that, work. I couldn't focus on any tasks at hand. All I could think about was the raven-haired girl in #722. Did she know all along that I was watching? Was the call she received a tip-off? I knew that I was addicted, but how would I get my next fix?
I looked at everyone with suspicious eyes. Did any of them know what was happening? Almost slinking through the lobby, I stopped to check for mail. My heart stopped. Not because of the letter from my ex-wife's lawyer, but from the large folded manila envelope with the simple #812 written on it in black marker. It felt like I was under the spotlight. I could have easily made the elevator, but waited for the next one, just so I didn't have to ride up with anyone.
The freshly installed blinds and drapes were doing their job, the room was nearly dark. Using the newly found shroud of darkness, I opened the envelope with such a lite touch you would have assumed that I was defusing a bomb. The contents were simple, folded sheet of paper, a letter.
"Foul play 812. How is it that you feel it's okay to play our little game and be a voyeur, but after enjoying a show, you choose to not allow us the same privilege? Fair is fair my dear friend. Fair is fair."
As strange as it seemed, I felt alive, invigorated or at the very least rejuvenated. I stayed the course for the remainder of the week. Closed in behind my black out drapes. Saved from the prying eyes of whatever neighbors wanted a glimpse at my private life.
By the time Friday came around I was battling with my inner demons. Was I a fraud? I had the urge to watch and view the private lives of those nearby, yet I was hiding myself away.
Making all the usual stops after work, I was prepared for the weekend. Struggling to open my door with my hand full of bags, I noticed the tip of an envelope sticking out from under my door.
Opening it was my dilemma. I put everything away. Made dinner. Made a drink. Consumed both. Made another drink and all the while never taking my eyes off the thin, flat sheet of manila paper. My hands shook with anticipation as I tore into my letter. Today's message was short and sweet.
"#812. FYI. For your viewing pleasure, showtime is 9:30pm this evening."
It was currently 8:45pm. I had time for a quick shower, not that I needed one, but for some reason I felt dirty. I cut a couple of lime wedges and made myself another gin and tonic. It was shaken and not stirred, but that wasn't by choice. I had zero control over my arms. I was so nervous, my hands looked like I was afflicted with some sort of palsy.
9:27pm. Do or die. It was either time to stop being a coward and live like a lion or cower back into a hole and be a mouse. Dimming all the lights, I slid open the balcony door and stepped into the warm dark night.
Of all the darkened apartments across the way, I could tell that a few had peepers just like me hiding and watching.
Apartment 722 was well lit, and my raven-haired beauty was walking around nude, but she wasn't alone. Tonight, she had a petite Asian woman with her. Two over and one floor down was an older couple that appeared to be in their sixties. The were also nude and the gentleman was already sporting an erection. The woman was gray-haired, but very well put together. Her ass was firm and round, while her "D" cup breasts sagged less then what I would have expected for a woman her age.
The third apartment had a guy that appeared to be in his mid-twenties to early thirties, laying back in an oversized chair with a bottle of lube in his hand.
A couple of more apartments looked as though they were ready for action, but from my vantage point, I couldn't see who or what was happening.
My head shifted up and down and back and forth like a kid at a three ringed circus. I was trying to Catch all of the action at once and tonight's entertainment had something for everyone. Straight sex with the older couple. Lesbian sex with the two hot girls and a random dude rubbing one out.
My focus tended to be on 722 more than the other two. Having lost my wife to another woman, I was compelled to watch the lesbian tryst. The raven-haired beauty had the Asian bent over, both hand on her ass, spreading her cheeks apart, eating her from behind. The Asian mauled her own breasts as she enjoyed the tongue action that was manipulating her clit, vagina and what I can only assume was her asshole.
The silver-haired fox was seated like a king, as the woman he was with, licked and sucked his meaty shaft. He used his hands to hold and control her head as he basically face-fucked her from a seated position.
The lone wolf was all lubed up watching a massive orgy porno or a gangbang, but due to my lack of interest in it, I switched back to my left.
The lovely ladies had changed up and were in a sixty-nine when I returned my gaze to them. The Asian girl had something in her hand. Fuck it, I ran into my apartment whipped up another drink and grabbed my binoculars. The participants knew that people were watching, so why not get a better look.
Butt plug. It was a small glass butt plug and it was up the girl with the dark hair's ass. Their sexcapades caused them to writhe around the floor like two cats in heat.
Movement caught my attention from the corner of my eye. The older lady was just sitting back on that cock in reverse cowboy. I watched as her flappy, dark lips wrapped around the solid shaft of meat. Zeroing in for a close-up I could see the trail of wetness that she left on her man.
He pulled her back and squeezes her tits like he was trying to milk them. She had her head tilted back and looked to be howling, but with their sliding glass door closed, I couldn't hear a thing. She kept slamming down on the cock beneath her and it kept hammering up into her.
With my binoculars in my left hand, my shorts hit the concrete without notice when I undid the button holding them up. My right hand found my erection and tugged at it with reckless abandon.
722 had upped their game. Both lovely ladies were on their hands and knees, with their asses backed into one another. The dark-haired of the two had a shiny purple double-ended dildo that appeared to be about twenty inches long. With her back arched, her perky tits slightly swaying, and her head hung low, she pushed about seven inches of it up into her snatch. The Asian reached back and proceeded to do the same thing.
It was the first time that I'd ever seen anything like it. Sex everywhere. The lone masturbatory guy now had a box of tissues by his side. The older couple was standing with the lady bent over a table, while her lover pounded her from behind and the two girls each had a fist wrapped tightly around the long piece of silicone that held them coupled together.
The competition to see who would last the longest was on. I didn't see it happen, but the Lone Wolf sat in his chair with his soft dick flopped against his leg and a pile of used tissues at his feet. He finished first.
The old dude was the end of me. Ramming his woman from behind, he stopped suddenly, clenched up his pale white ass cheeks and came. When he pulled out, I had a close-up, well focused view of a fresh creampie dripping from his lover's snatch.
Only the brick wall behind me stopped me from falling. Anyone who was outside in either building would have heard me cum. With a loud grunt, I shot my load into the darkness. I didn't care who saw or heard. It came out of me with such a powerful velocity that I'm sure it flew over the railing and down to the ground below.
By the time I recover enough to come to my senses, the two females had finished what they were doing and were embraced, kissing. It looked like the night was over and it was only 10:23pm.
Time had passed by in a flash. The rest of Friday night was a blur. Like an addict looking for his next fix, I checked out the window every fifteen minutes to see if anyone else had started up. I don't recall when or how, but at some point, during the night sleep snuck up on me. It wasn't great. Dreams and nightmares had me tossing and turning until the sun peeked its head into my room.
Last night was an adventure. Who were the people that I watched? How many others watched them? Hell, how many people watched me? It was an odd series of events that went on in these buildings, but I felt like I was at home.
Every hair on my body tingled when I saw the brown envelope laying on the floor, having just been pushed under my door.
"Bravo 812. Bravo. Good job. You have officially passed your initiation. As a celebration, you will be the star attraction in tonight's show. Be showered and clean by 9:00pm. Move your chair so that it is centered in the room and facing your doors. Enjoy! If it goes well, you and I will meet next weekend." Enclosed with the letter was a picture of me masturbating.
Twelve fucking hours. I had twelve hours to dwell on what would happen tonight. I was a lion last night, wasn't I? Should I play it safe tonight and be the mouse? No amount of jogging and working out would help take my mind off the quandary that I was in.
When 8:00pm hit it was decision time. My father used to always say that a hard cock has no conscience and that was certainly the case tonight. Thinking about masturbating in front of strangers had me excited.
A little bit of manscaping, and personal grooming and I was ready to go. My chair was moved to the directed position. I had also moved a table with some lube and tissues beside it and still had some time to spare.
I barely heard the light tapping on the door over the sound of ice dropping into my glass.
Opening the door was an easy enough task, but shock and awe slapped me across the face like a punch. The raven-haired, dark skinned beauty from 722 was standing in my doorway.
Lost for words, I just stared. After some seconds had passed, she spoke. "May I come in?"
"Yes. Sorry. Please. By all means."
She was even more beautiful up close. She smelled of expensive perfume, was dressed in heels, and a small white dress.
"We're not really supposed to exchange names, but I don't like rules. Paige." She held out her hand to me. Taking the soft tiny appendage into my own, I said, "Kyle".
Confusion must have been written all over my face. I looked around the room, focused on the clock and noticed that it was past my 9:00pm curtain call.
"Um, there's something that I'm supposed to be doing."
"I am fully aware, that's why Viv sent me."
"Viv? Who's Viv?"
"Viv helps orchestrate the little club that we are all part of. Unfortunately, neither of us can see her from here or from my apartment. She is on the ninth floor of my building and can see in here perfectly." Paige looked at me and noticed that I still hadn't bought into the program, so she continued. "Normally I just do solo stuff. Much like you. On special occasions like last night, I am joined by another girl. But tonight, at nine-thirty, it will be my first time doing it with a man."
"What? So, you and me? Not just me? And you're okay with this?"
"Viv told me that you were cute, you were around my age, and had a real nice cock. She also had some other details of your life, so yeah. I mean if you're okay with it. I haven't been with a guy in almost three years, so I'm clean. But if it makes you more comfortable you can always wear a rubber."
I wasn't sure what to say, but looked over at the clock, 9:22pm. 9:30pm was approaching fast.
"I'm okay with it. It's been a while since I've been with anyone, so I'm clean, but that's your call. What are we supposed to do?"
"Last night everyone from this building looked into my building. There were eight separate shows going on, on different levels. Tonight, it is the opposite. So, Viv wants you to sit in that chair. I'll dance for you for a couple of minutes and then you'll pull my dress up over my head. I'll go down on you. No cumming in my mouth. You'll go down on me and more than likely, I will cum in your mouth, then we fuck. You finish inside of me and we show everyone the results."
"Wow, you make it sound so easy."
"Not really. I'm just as nervous as you are, but also excited, I am a diagnosed exhibitionist and looking at that monster hardening up in your shorts is helping to get my juices flowing."
At 9:28pm I turned on my stereo and found a song for Paige. Seating myself in my chair, Paige pulled open the drapes and started to sway like pro. She had very sultry movements. Her seductive dance, accompanied with her small torso and sexy body, made me rock hard.
Paige came over to the chair and told me to lift my arms. Doing as I was told she pulled my t-shirt up over my head. Next she had me lift my hips so that she could pull off my shorts. "Very nice" oozed from her mouth like fine silk. After a couple more minutes of teasing me, she nonchalantly said, "Now me".
Standing, I pulled her toward me. Spinning her around so that her ass ground onto my dick, I traced my hands over her arms, across her hard tits, down her stomach, until they came to rest at her hem line of her dress, which was positioned at the top of her thighs.
Paige cooed as I dragged the material up over her hips. My fingers found their way into the valley of her crotch as I pulled the dress up. When they touched soft wet skin, along with finely groom hair, I knew that this naughty girl wasn't wearing any panties.
The dress pulled up over her head with relative ease and we stood naked together. I knew what the game plan was, but I had to change things up a little. Spinning her toward me, I pulled her in for a kiss. Our tongue entwined as I touched everything within reach.
Regrettably, I removed my lips from hers and kissed my way down to her hard nipples. Sucking them into my mouth gave Paige a sexual shock. Her body shook with tiny tremors as my fingers worked their way up to her labia.
I had, with my own eye, saw her with two different dildos, so I knew my fingers wouldn't present a problem. Pushing the two digits up into her soaked vagina, Paige let out a, "Holy shit. Yes baby. Just like that."
My lips sucked as if trying to devour her whole tit and my fingers worked like tiny pistons in and out of her pussy. "ARGH". Paige clamped her legs tightly around my hand as she vibrated from her orgasm.
Moving downward, I put my tongue to better use. Splitting her lower lips, I found her to be wet and fresh. The gummy, sticky nectar stuck to my tongue as I attacked her like a dehydrated man.
Like those that you would find at the edge of a fast-moving riverbed, Paige's clit was a small, smooth, stone pebble. It was ultra-sensitive, and she reacted to every flick of my tongue. I knew that Paige wasn't opposed to a little ass play, so I instructed her to bend over the chair. When she did, I pushed her legs apart to give me the full access pass. Reaching up like she had the night before with the Asian girl, I pulled apart her ass cheeks and licked her from the tip of her clit up to the bud of her asshole.
"Oh, my fucking god. That feels so fucking good." Slapping her ass cheek sent her over the edge. Paige reached back and pushed my face as deep into her as she could. Holding it there, she came on my tongue.
"I know you said that you are supposed to suck me, but is it okay if we fuck first?" Paige didn't move from her position of being bent over my chair. But she nodded her head and told me, "Do whatever babe. We don't have to follow a script."
Her words were music to my ears. Lining myself up to her slit, I eased myself forward. Paige's lips split to allow me entry into her warm, wet depths. "Oh yeah. All of it. Give me all of it".
Her pussy was so tight it felt like it was custom designed for my cock. Starting to rock back and forth, I gently slapped her ass. "My god baby, you're so fucking beautiful." The words of encouragement only made her clench her pussy muscles tighter around me.
The sexy wet sounds of love making filled the air. Paige moaned and groaned with each thrust and slap of my balls on her clit. Putting my hands on her hips, I rammed in and out a little harder with each thrust.
Her juices sloshed out of her, coating her and I both. My dark beauty was turned on just as much as I was. "You like that baby? You like knowing that people are watching me fuck you? Everybody can see how fucking hot you are. They see those beautiful tits of yours. They're jealous that my hands are full of your hard ass. I bet they're wondering how tight your cunt is." She cooed and moaned at each of my words. "Show me what you like baby. Cum for me. You know that you're so fucking hot, everybody wants you? Here it comes baby. I'm about to pop. Do you know how big of a load I'm gonna put into your pussy?" Paige loved it. She smashed her ass backwards onto my cock.
"Oooooooooh. Do it, do it. Slap it. Slap my ass. Make me cum." Paige had stopped moving and I could feel her tightening up around me. Whack. My hand found it's target of her wet ass. One, two, three times and that was it. My bronzed skinned lover came with a screech.
Reaching up so that I could cup her hard titties, I held on for dear life as she rode out her orgasm and I started mine.
Like the molten lava that shoots straight up into the air out of a volcano in Hawaii, my cock erupted with the same ferocity. Paige screamed "Oh fuck yes." for a second time as she felt me explode into her.
Changing places, I flopped back into my chair and Paige dropped to her knees. Just like she said she would, she aimed her ass at the window and spread her legs wide so that anyone who cared to, could watch my cum drip out of her used pussy.
Due to positioning, I'm not even sure anyone could tell if Paige was blowing me or not. I'm don't know if it would have mattered at that point, but she was. Her lips and tongue worked their magic on me. Softly running the length of my unit, licking, sucking and nibbling as they went.
It was less than five minutes later when I could feel myself ready to come again. Willing or unwillingly, it was this beautiful girl's sucking action that was drawing it out of me.
"Paige, everybody is watching you suck my cock and I'm gonna cum in your mouth. Are you ready for it baby?" She just groaned and hummed as she nodded her head.
Grabbing her hair gently into my hands, I watched as her tits mashed onto my legs and her lips ravaged my hardness. Without any warning, I released my load.
Ever the seductress, Paige spun and sat on the floor. Leaning back into of me, she opened her mouth for everyone's viewing pleasure. My load glistened on her tongue. A couple of droplets fell to her chest before she clenched her lips tightly closed and swallowed. 10:21pm and it was all over.
Bar none, this was by far the craziest experience of my life and I fucking loved it.
Bringing an end to the show, Paige walked over to the drapes and closed them, turned and walked over to where I was seated and kissed me. "Well Kyle, I'm not trying to butter you up, but that was the best it's ever been for me."
"Butter me up? What happened to the no cumming in your mouth?"
"Girls are allowed to change their minds." It was wild how sexy this girl was. Everything about her oozed sexuality. Whatever had just happened, I wanted it to continue.
"Can I offer you a drink?"
"I would love a vodka & cran if you have it." Paige made no attempts to get dressed while I prepped a round of drinks for us.
"So, what's your story Kyle? What brings you here?"
"I married my high-school girlfriend. We stayed together for five years. Caught her in bed with another woman and, well here I am, almost twenty-six and all alone. What about you?"
"Twenty-six years old. No college. Barely graduated high school. No husbands, no boyfriends, no girlfriends to speak of, other than Lyng. But we're just fuck buddies. That's who you watched me with last night. I work at the Starbucks by the river and I'm a part-time yoga instructor. Came here three years ago, but I'll probably have to move soon."
"Move, Why's that?"
"I live in a one bedroom and can't really afford the rent."
"Well that sucks."
"Yeah, tell me about. I'll have to move away from downtown or find a roommate and no roommates want to share a one-bedroom apartment."
"So, how many times have you done these shows?"
"Pre-planned, twelve including tonight. Impromptu masturbating, maybe a dozen more. I'm chronic when it comes to that. I wasn't kidding about being an exhibitionist. I've always had a big sex drive, but believe it or not, I'm not a slut."
"Why would I think that you are a slut?"
"Maybe because you saw me with a girl last night, and tonight I show up here so that we can fuck, and we've never even met."
"Shocked maybe, but calling you names for it, never."
"You're a good-looking guy, no girlfriends?"
"No. Nothing or no one since my divorce. Lots of women where I work, but they all think that I'm damaged good because my wife left me. Why no boyfriends for you?"
Paige was mindlessly twirling the lips of her labia with two fingers on her right hand. She appeared to be aroused by the sparkle of juice on her lips and fingers, plus the hardness of her nipples.
"Nope. My heart got broken two and a half years ago, so I've been mostly flying solo."
"Have you given up on guys?"
"Good question coming from the guy that doesn't have a woman in his life."
"It's different for me. I told you what happened, and how I caught her."
"Really? I didn't tell you the reason why my ex and I split. Maybe if you asked your ex about sharing her with another woman, you'd still be together."
"Who says that I didn't ask? I wouldn't have been opposed to the idea, but she had zero interest in sharing them with me."
"Your wife sounds like the greedy type?"
"Evidently."
"For the record, I'll share Lyng with you anytime that you want."
"What if I didn't want the competition? Maybe she's better than I am."
"Oh, I can assure you that she's not. She just offers different equipment, and on special occasions, I like to test drive a different model."
"Fair enough, but for the record I never venture away from the female species."
"Duly noted." I offered Paige another drink, but her response threw me. "I'll have another, but if I do, I'm stayin the night."
"Is that a threat or an offer? Because if it's an offer, I'll make you as many as you want."
A couple of hours later we knew more than we probably should of about each-others private lives. We had consumed a few more drinks and even munched on some snacks. Finally, Paige got up and led me to the shower.
I have always slept on a king-sized mattress and Paige loved it, saying that it gave the occupants a larger playground for fun. I thought that sleep was the next item on the menu, but Paige had other ideas.
"Hey big boy, you feel like finishing the trifecta?" I'm not a slouch, nor am I stupid, but I wasn't putting together what she was talking about.
"You came in my mouth. You came in my pussy. Do you feel like trying out the last hole?" I must have looked like an idiot. Anal sex was something that I had never tried. I had watched Paige with the butt plug in her ass last night, but the thought of putting my dick in there never crossed my mind.
"In a heartbeat, but I want you to know, I've never done it before."
Paige had a sly look on her face, "Me either with anything real. I've only had glass plugs up there, but you already knew that. Didn't you?"
Paige prepped everything. Large towel on the bed. The lube that I had planned on using when I jerked off for everyone tonight and her. Giving me the basics as far as instructions go, I was ready.
Placing my lubed head at the entrance of her ass, she pushed back, and I pushed forward. It took longer than I expected until the tip of my cock slowly disappeared up her bum.
As soon as it was in, I stopped pushing. Paige took over from there. Slowly she eased herself backward at a pace dictated by her. When I felt the cheeks of her ass come to rest on my skin, I knew that was it.
"OH FUCK. Don't move. So, fucking full. Oh, my god. So, fucking full." Paige leaned forward and buried her face into one of my pillows and screamed.
It was a completely different experience for me. It was hot and tight, but not the same as a pussy. I was on the fence, but it still felt great, and when Paige stared to move, it felt even better. The tight grip of her ass was like a vise around my shaft.
For fear of hurting her, I stayed as still as I possibly could while Paige moved back and forth, massaging her clit with her spare hand. Minutes of gentle action helped lower the safety net.
"Do it. Start fucking me. Just not too hard."
One hand on each side of her slender hips I did as requested of me. The momentum increased with each thrust. Paige grunted every time that I pushed forward but didn't complain once. It was something about the naughtiness of the whole thing that had cum inching out of my cock.
"Baby, I'm almost there."
"Me too." The movement and speed of her hand increased on her clit. "Fuck. Cum in my ass."
I remember cumming into her. I'm can't remember if she came or not. I know that it's selfish, but I was basking in my own glory and my mind was in another dimension.
Laying in a spoon position, I kissed Paige's shoulder and neck, while tracing my fingertips over her nipples. "You can stop that any time you want, because no matter how horny you make me, I'm not doing ass to mouth."
The thought hadn't even crossed my mind, but when she said the words, I have to admit that it sent a little jolt of electricity into my soft dick.
I woke before my new lover and took my time brushing my teeth and showering. Paige stepped in just as I was stepping out. It was a smooth morning transition.
Paige accepted my offer of coffee and some breakfast.
Making her an omelet, she stood on her tippy toes, wrapped her arms around me, kissed me and handed me an envelope.
"It was under the door."
"Guaranteed it's from your buddy Viv. Read it."
I finished buttering her toast and handed the plate to her.
I could see her eyes moving across the page, but no words were coming out of her mouth. "Aloud works better." Paige smiled and started over.
"Wow 812. That was amazing. Lots of compliments on your performance. You and my little minx from 722 make an excellent couple. So much so, that I think you should share an apartment. The action was hotter than most of what we've seen over the past few years. It makes me wish that I was privy to what you did after you closed the blinds. My place next Friday. We'll give everyone something to talk about. V."
"She said all that?"
"Everything but the part about us moving in together. I added that part all by myself." It was hard to get a read of her face to see if she was serious, but the tone of her voice led me to believe that she was.
"You said it yourself, rent here is expensive. I can move in here and we can split the rent in half. Or you move into my place. The rent for a one-bedroom is way cheaper."
"Okay. Where would I sleep in your one-bedroom apartment?"
"In my room silly. You came in me three times last night. Do you think that I'd make you sleep on the couch?"
"I don't..."
"Look, I get it. It sounds unconventional. We just met and aside from last night we don't really know shit about each other. I'm not Bohemian in the typical sense of the word, but I've never had solid roots or personal ties to anything or anyone. Something about you makes me want to change that. Enough so, that the idea of you and Viv together alone, pisses me off."
"Don't you have a lease?"
"They could rent my apartment tomorrow. Plus, they can increase the rate by six percent, so they'd be happy to see me go."
We never once lost eye contact during the long drawn out pause. Paige wasn't begging. It was more like she was presenting me with an opportunity. The pros of us living together were actually quite simple. She was beautiful. Sex with her was spectacular. We could split the rent and all the bills. And loneliness would be a thing of the past. The cons list was shorter, but it was still there. If she turned out to be crazy, I'd have to move out of my apartment.
The whole lion or mouse scenario played over again in my head. Take a chance and regret it later or don't take the chance and regret it forever.
"You pick the apartment. I'm just saying that mines bigger, in case you need some time away from me. If we share a bed, you need to sleep on the other side. You took mine last night."
Her squeals must have been heard down the hallway. She kicked her leg and shook her arms triumphantly. Jumping onto my lap, she kissed every inch of my face. "Baby, you'll never regret this. I promise."
Surprisingly, she was correct. There was a line-up of people just like me that were in line waiting for vacant apartments, and by Tuesday night Paige had a new address.
It didn't take long for us to hit our first bump in the road and that came on Thursday evening, gift wrapped in a manila envelope.
"Well Kyle, congrats on the new roommate. Very nicely done. I trust that it will not interfere with our liaison tomorrow evening. Apartment 926. Building "A". Please arrive no later than 9:30pm. V." 926. That would explain who was watching me and smoking a cigarette whenever I was out on my balcony. I couldn't see into her apartment, but she most certainly could see into mine.
The crossed arms, tapping foot and pouty face on my new roommate told me all that I needed to know. She was pissed off and it wasn't a secret.
"Look, I don't know why you're all revved up. I don't even know her, and I've never seen her. If you recall, you read the last letter to me. I didn't ask to go over to her place, nor did I say that I would. So, calm down a little bit. This is way beyond crazy."
Tears replaced the pouty face and the crossed arms moved up to cover her eyes. Getting on my knees in front of her I asked her what the problem was.
The tears were now accompanied by sobs.
"What? Tell me. You know that you can trust me." It took a few minutes for Paige to regain her composure, but it did come. Her words were sporadic between the sobs when she told me what was on her mind.
"She's old, but she's just so beautiful. She is elegant and sophisticated. She has lots of money and treats people poorly. For fun she chews up men and spits them out." There was a small bit of venom in Paige's voice as she told me about Viv, but there was something else that was bugging her.
"I never planned on going, so just tell me why you don't want me to go." This brought back the sobs and tears. Knowing I had to say something, I tried to ease the pain of what was hurting her.
"Paige, you are absolutely the most gorgeous woman that I've ever met in my life, and to think that you might even want to spend one single minute with me, makes me the happiest guy in the world. Maybe you can't see it, but you are elegant and sophisticated. Money, who needs money? We have each other." The money thing brought a smile to her face, but my next question brought back the gloom.
"Do you personally know any men that she's chewed up and spit out?" Paige nodded, but wouldn't look me in the eyes.
It turns out that when Paige moved into her building, she was accompanied by her boyfriend. He was a young blond haired, blued eyed, California guy and he caught Viv's eye immediately. Apparently, Viv used him the same way she used others, only this time she didn't let him leave. Paige's boyfriend stayed in the lap of luxury until Viv tired of him and tossed him to the curb. Four months had passed by, and neither of the women wanted nothing more to do with him. According to my roommate, this was a common occurrence.
That night in bed, I held Paige as tight as possible. I had a plan. It would take some persuading on my part to make it work, but I had to try something.
My list of things for Paige to do while I was at work was short and hopefully doable. Get a camera, with a long lens. Talk to someone in our building where we could be invited to watch Friday night's show. Trust me and pray.
I arrived home from work at the usual time. Opened a beer, eat supper, danced around the room with Paige and finally at 8:30pm made my way to the shower. Scrubbed clean, hair slicked back, a simple pair of khakis and a black t-shirt. At 9:15pm I kissed Paige and walked out the door.
Oli and Rob's apartment is on the tenth floor, 1026 to be exact. It is two floors up and two over from mine and the view of Viv's apartment couldn't have been any better. Like many others in this complex, they enjoyed some voyeuristic tendencies and liked to have mini parties to celebrate big events, and Viv doing a show, was a big event.
Viv opened her door wearing a sheer black negligee. The fine piece of silk showed lots of skin, while accentuating her body and blondish gray hair. She handed her new lover a drink and showed him around the room. The sexy older woman walked him over to the edge of her balcony, she was parading him around like he was the new prized stallion in her stable.
Moving him back inside, at the precise minute of 9:30pm, Viv lowered herself down and pulled out her soon to be lover's cock.
It was a show of epic proportions. Spitting, choking, slobbering, watery eyes and that was just for the blow job. When Viv's lover went down on her, her face contorted to an "O" as if she was instantly having an orgasm. Viv wanted to put on a good show, and what Viv wants, Viv gets.
The minutes passed with the face attached to Viv's snatch. When she made a spectacle of cumming, it was time to move on to the main event. Viv put herself down, hands and knees on a large ottoman in the center of the room. For her pleasure, she was facing the crowd that was watching her every move. Everyone across the courtyard was enjoying the show. Everyone but Paige.
To say that Viv over embellished the look on her face when her lovers cock sank into her, may have been a bit of an understatement. Her face was glowing with pride as her young lover thrust in and out of her with the kind of vigor and stamina that only someone in their twenties can possess. It had been a while since her last young cock, her last young lover, and she wanted to savor every second of it. Her only hope was that her audience was enjoying the show as much as she was enjoying putting it on. When the young penis erupted into her vagina, Viv knew then and there that this one would be a keeper.
Reaching down to Paige, I grabbed her free hand into my own, leaned forward and kissed her. The smile on her face could melt the coldest of hearts. With a "To us" toast, we clinked our glasses together and turned back to watch the show.
It wasn't all that hard to convince my younger brother to step in for me. When you live with your parents, you're twenty-three, play video games for a living, which is code for being unemployed, you really don't have a full agenda. So, the prospect of a couple of drinks, getting laid by a wealthy older woman and the fifty bucks that I gave him in the lobby when we swapped clothes, was more than enough to pique his interest.
My younger brother didn't have to know all of the details, but our resemblance is close enough to pass and we have the exact same build, so that was a plus right from the start.
For the first time since moving into this building, Paige and I kept our blinds and drapes closed tight on an almost permanent basis.
My little brother lasted for just under six months living with Viv. He was super excited that he walked away with $25,000 as a performance bonus. It turns out that it was he who tired of her, and not the other way around. Go figure.
Viv did send Paige and I a nice little thank-you note, along with a check for the sum of $50,000 enclosed in it. She said that she was moving back home to Europe where her way of life was more widely accepted, and she wanted to make amends for any past wrong doings before she departed.
As for Paige and myself, we haven't changed our exhibitionist ways, we just changed how we do things. We no longer share nudity with our neighbors, instead we have sex in public places, flash unsuspecting passerby's and send nude photos to random cell phone numbers.
Life is good!