Chapter 7
White Slave Harem
The film starts in a disco in Cindy is out on the dance floor attracting a lot of attention. The first reason she's attracting attention is her outfit. She's wearing a white diamond fishnet minidress that basically hides nothing and her entire body is on display. Underneath she's wearing a tiny white bikini top barely covering the aureoles of her breasts leaving both tops and bottoms of her breasts uncovered. The bottom of the bikini is basically a thong with a very small pouch covering her camel toe. The outfit is completed with some thigh high white leather boots.
She is dancing and there are four guys crowding around her vying for her attention but she is just ignoring all of them until this dark-haired, swarthy Adonis comes up to her and they start to dance. They dance several dances and soon they are dancing alone and all the other guys have given up. She starts touching him and soon they adjourn to a booth where a couple of drinks are waiting, but before they can get into the booth he grabs Cindy and starts to kiss her ear and behind her back he dumps a substance into her drink.
Cindy sits down and quickly polishes off the drink, and very soon afterwards she begins to weave back and forth and hold her head. He grabs a hold of her as she collapses; he props her up, exits the booth and then picks her up in his arms and carries her out of the disco. As he exits the there is a van there to meet him, he places her in the van and then walks away.
Inside the van are two disreputable looking characters and they inject Cindy with something in a hypodermic. They lock her hands together in some leather manacles and then lock her feet together in something similar that fits over her boots. The guy not driving then hooks her bound hands to a hook at the top of the van and then cuts the dress off of her. She's now in her tiny bikini and boots. He then looks at her with lust and desire, but knows he can't touch the merchandise, so he all he does is just leer at her lecherously as they drive off into the night.
The van pulls up to an airport hangar in Cindy is unloaded from the van into a wooden crate, once again her hands are bound above her head. The side of the crates closed locking Cindy in and then she is loaded on an airplane. In the film we show the airplane taking off in the night and landing in daylight. The crate that Cindy is in is loaded onto a flatbed truck along with 20 other similar crates and drives away from the airport. The country side is flat and sandy with no features to figure out where Cindy is. After a few minutes the flatbed truck pulls up to a building that looks like a horse barn with stalls in it. A forklift comes in and starts putting each of the crates into a stall.
A bunch of workers start opening up the crates and begin to pulling the women out of each of the crates. Each woman is similarly bound in leather manacles and these manacles are fitted to a hook with each woman being hoisted into the air so that her feet barely touched the ground. Each woman is then stripped naked, gaged, given a shot to wake them up and a belt strapped around their waist that is connected to a pole behind them. Each of them is inspected by a rather unsavory looking character and with each woman he gives a list of commands to wash, clean and scent the women.
When he gets to Cindy he spends a little more time touching and inspecting the treasure Allah as brought him. He looks to one of his entourage and rubs his first two fingers and thumb together in the universal sign for lots of money. He is expecting a big payday for her.
Now we have a group of about 15 men starting to walk around and inspect all the merchandise, they caress, poke and finger all the bound women. Once again they all spend a lot of time touching and inspecting Cindy.
Each woman is unhooked and brought before the auction block one at the time. When Cindy's time comes she is paraded to the auction block and the bidding war ensues between three different gentleman and ultimately a gentleman in Arab garb holds up his hands in victory and motions to a large black gentleman to carry off his merchandise. She is given another shot, goes limp and is slung over the black man's shoulder like a sack of potatoes and carried to a waiting corporate jet.
She wakes up in a harem area with a lot of silk pillows and a bath over in the corner. An older woman comes over to Cindy as she begins to wake up and we are to assume that this is the harem mother. She explains to Cindy that she is now property of a wealthy sheik and is expected to entertain him tonight. Therefore she must be prepared.
So now Cindy is led, naked, to the bath where she is told to sit in the middle of it. Here the harem mother begins to sensuously bathe Cindy. She vigorously washes her hair, makes her stand up, and with a sponge she soaps and rinses her entire gloriously naked body. The harem mother then uses shaving cream with a razor and makes sure that her entire body is free of any hair, with the exception of the golden locks upon her head.
She is taken from the bath over to some hanging manacles; her arms are pulled over her head and locked into the manacles. The harem mother then rubs moisturizing lotion over her bound naked body, paying special attention to her pierced nipples, fabulous breasts, tight succulent ass, taut belly and tender pussy. When she finishes with the moisturizer, she repeats the process with some kind of scented oil.
She then brings a glass of red liquid to Cindy for her to drink. At first Cindy balks but, eventually winds up drinking the liquid. The harem mother explains that the drink she has given her contains highly potent aphrodisiacs that will make the rest of the evening easier to bear. The harem mother then walks away and leaves Cindy's glistening luscious body hanging from the manacles.
While Cindy is hanging from the manacles she tries to remember how she got here and what's going on. She remembers being the center of attention at the disco where every man there wanted her and she felt sexy and alive, then the sexiest man she'd ever seen comes up to her and they begin to dance. Cindy remembers going back to the booth with him in what she knew was a prelude to a night of very hot and fulfilling sex, the next thing she knew she woke up with her hands above her head naked being auctioned off to the highest bidder. Being naked and auctioned in front of all those men was very erotic and if they had given her a chance to Cindy would've danced for them to enhance the experience.
The guy who bought her was obviously Arab, very wealthy and he looked a lot like the man who kidnapped her from the disco. She was glad that he bought her instead of a lot of those fat old man that were also bidding on her and after the bidding is over a giant man took her away after giving her a shot. The next thing she knew she woke up here in this place that looked like a palace.
The harem mother came in and softly walked over to Cindy and began to lightly rub her hands over Cindy's belly and then up to softly caress her breasts. Cindy felt that the woman's hands were liquid fire as she began to caress her and every touch seemed to send pulsing signals to her now very wet pussy. The harem mother then began to tease and tweak Cindy's nipples and they immediately engorged and thrust outward begging for more attention, once again Cindy felt the corresponding needy pulse deep in her pussy.
The harem mother nodded her head in satisfaction and slid her hand down to Cindy's glistening pussy and slid a finger through her lips and inside her pussy. She ran her finger in and out of Cindy's quim had with her thumb caressed her clit. Cindy's body vibrated with the stimulation and she softly moaned as her hips rocked back and forth trying to get the finger to go deeper inside her. Cindy felt the beginning of a build towards orgasm and then the harem mother withdrew her fingers stepped back leaving Cindy's body overflowing with unfulfilled craving.
Cindy begged the harem mother to come back and finish her, but instead she brought over some more of the red liquid for Cindy to drink. After she did the harem mother kissed her on the lips and then told Cindy that she's the most beautiful woman that this kingdom has ever seen and her new master can make her life a dream or nightmare. If she gives herself completely and wantonly to her master she will know bliss like she's never felt before, but if she fights him she would only pain. The harem mother gave Cindy a quick kiss and then left.
After a few minutes, the harem mother comes back and begins to drape Cindy's body in seven different colored diaphanous sheets of fabric. She begins to explain to Cindy that she is to perform the dance of the seven veils before the sheik. She is to tease the sheik before each veil comes off, and when the last veil is removed she is to lie prostrate in front of the sheik. Cindy nods her head in understanding but the potent aphrodisiacs are consuming her and her body quivers as she shakes her head side to side trying to clear her mind. Cindy can't think of anything except the burning erotic passion coursing through her body, and the only thing she feels is how to get enough stimulation so her looming orgasm sweep her away on a tide of passionate rapture.
The harem mother then brings a TV with a video player in front of Cindy and starts to play video that gives multiple interpretations of the dance of the seven veils. She explained to Cindy this will give her some ideas of what to do during the dance.
The drink that the harem mother gave Cindy earlier is starting to kick in, and she began to feel everything. The soft veils draped over her body stimulated all of her nerve endings and her nipples especially started to throb and strain against the fabric. Her mind already cloudy with lusty sensations starts to take a backseat to the needy fire burning in her body, and she can't stop her hips from twisting and doing little thrusting movements. With Cindy's heightened senses her nipples are so hard and distended that they ache with need and she can feel her slick pussy lips rubbing together with her abundant juices starting to run down her leg.
A eunuch comes in to escort Cindy to the sheik and the shackles binding her wrists are released. As Cindy starts to walk in front of the eunuch, the veils start to rub against her nipples and deep throbbing pulses travel through her body and centers in her pussy. As she takes a step, she feels the veils caressing her entire body and the act of walking seems to cause her pussy lips to rub against each other. All of these sensations keep Cindy on the edge of a massive orgasm, teetering and waiting to explode.
Cindy came into the sheik's opulent chambers, with all the walls covered in silk satin. The sheik is lounging on her bed of large satin pillows and he has two guards on either side of him. There was a low table to the side of the sheik with more pillows for setting. In her normal frame of mind Cindy would have been looking for methods of escape, but the aphrodisiacs pulsing through her body made her only want to cum.
Then Cindy came into the door and the sheik sat up in anticipation. He had been at the auction and the beauty of this purchase had blown him away. It had been two days since he purchased her and his anticipation had been building while the drugs left her body and she was prepared for him. He couldn't wait to get his hands on the seemingly perfect breasts capped with their begging nipples. He felt like he could span her tiny waist with both hands, and her hips and ass were slim and muscled. Yeah his hands itched in anticipation of being able to ravish this stunningly beautiful woman that now belonged to him.
Without any introduction, the music began and seemingly of its own accord Cindy's body started to shake and move. They were soft sensuous yet teasing movements with her hips seeming to swivel independent of the rest of her body. In Cindy's clouded state of mind, every movement caused the veils to caress her sensitized skin bringing her closer and closer to the orgasm she needed so desperately. She didn't know how to do the dance of the seven veils, so she tried to emulate dancing harem girls she had seen in old movies plus she thought she would throw in a few stripper moves as well.
She stretched her arms above her head and began to shimmy around the room with the top of her body sensuously weaving to and fro. Her breasts wobbled enticingly on her chest and her hard thrusting nipples were threatening to tear the fabric asunder. Her hips were moving independent from the rest of her like they were being held by a lover as he was thrusting into her. The sensuous veils caressing her sensitized skin caused Cindy to let her head fall backwards in a soft open-mouthed moan.
Cindy unraveled the first veil and let it float to the floor. Cindy brought her hands down to caress her body through the veils in the very act of touching her breasts and tiny waist was almost enough to send her over the edge. Her sensuous steps faltered as her stomach and pussy muscles clenched against the sensation that threatened to overwhelm her. She disguised her wavering steps by releasing the second veil and as it fluttered to the floor, Cindy did a pirouette leaving her back to the sheik.
Cindy tried to use this time to regain her composure because her body was trembling all over with desire and the only thing on her mind was the massive orgasm looming on the horizon. She kicked in some stripper struts across the floor and wound up leaving the third veil on the floor next to the sheik. With that veil gone, some of the details of Cindy's opulent body were starting to be revealed. She brought her hand back above her head and shimmied from the sheik back towards the door and dropped the fourth veil.
Cindy went over and swung around one of the tent poles in the middle of the room. With her back against the pole facing the sheik she shimmied up and down the pole that ended in a backwards body wave against the pole and at the top she released the fifth veil. The sheik was leaning forward in anticipation, because her perfect plump breasts and nipples could now be seen through the diaphanous fabric.
Cindy instinctively knew that the last two veils would require the most teasing. Cindy dropped to her knees in front of the sheik and arched her back, thrusting her breasts towards him as she released the sixth veil. But she didn't let this one drop, she cupped her breasts slowly since she had the fabric off revealing her dazzling breasts in all their glory, and they were magnificent. But the act of sliding the fabric across her nipples had threatened to push Cindy over the edge. The sheik thought she was displaying herself as she knelt topless with her back bent and breasts thrusting upwards. But Cindy was pushing her orgasm back by force of will, as every muscle in her stomach, hips and pussy fought the oncoming cum.
She pushed herself up on wobbly legs, and tried to strut or shimmy around the room, but her legs threatened to give out as the sensations started to break through her resolve. She knew she didn't have much time so she placed herself in front of the sheik and released the seventh veil. As the veil started to release she grabbed it and pulled it through her legs as a last tease.
This was her undoing and as the veil caressed her pussy lips and clit on the way through her legs her body exploded and every nerve and muscle in her body screamed in release. She fell to the floor and her body arched in a massive cum, quivering and shaking as she lay prostrate in front of the sheik. Her body was bowed backwards with her head touching the floor, her breasts straining for the ceiling, and her mouth open in a silent scream.
The sheik knew what was going on and she had cum without him touching her. This was an affront and she had to be taught that only a man allows her to cum. The sheik yelled out to his guards, "Bind her to the table."
The four guards immediately grabbed each of Cindy's limbs and they carried her over to the table next to the sheik and bound her wrists and ankles to the table. Cindy's massive orgasm still had not released her body or mind with her body still shaking, twitching and her eyes unfocused.
The sheik/I dove between her legs and started ravishing her still pulsing and grasping pussy. I started with deep licks inside her pussy, drinking in her womanly nectar as she continued to spasm and twist on the table. I moved up her pussy, sucked her clit into my mouth and began to lash it with my tongue.
Cindy's body went into an apocalyptic cum with her entire body locked in a muscle clenching arch within the limits of her bondage. Every muscle in her body constricted with all her tendons and muscles knotted into prominence on her skin and the cords on her neck straining and she screamed that she needed the sheik.
I continue to work her clit with my mouth and tongue in wild abandon and she never came down. She started cumming continuously as one cum morphed into the next and lost her breath as her mouth stayed open in an unrestrained scream. I would leave her clit only long enough to take a long drink of that delicious cum nectar she was producing.
I kept working her pussy and added pinching her nipples as well.
Cindy was dripping with sweat and with her body still bowed in an arch, her tired knotted muscles starting to quiver and shake. I stood up and slipped off my sheik's robes and moved between her legs and began to slide my cock into that tight, rippling, silky pussy. Once the head of my cock was inside her I slammed all the way to her cervix, and she came again in an explosive orgasm.
With Cindy clenched all around my cock I levered myself up and began pounding deep into her cervix. She wasn't back from the last cum before she blasted into yet another.
The sight of this exquisite woman coming apart in a gravity defying arch was one of the most incredible sights I've ever seen. Her awesome body was gleaming in the candlelight from the sweat covering her skin, while her breasts wobbled as she tried to breathe in the midst of the orgasmic tsunami devastating her body. Those straining nipples called me again and I couldn't resist.
I leaned over and began chewing on her nipples as my cock was pounding into her. I didn't think it possible that her body arched even higher and her muscles strained to get more of her nipple into my mouth. Her pussy clamped down on me so tightly that I had trouble pounding my cock into her. The rippling and grasping of her pussy muscles brought me to the edge too. I slammed down hard against her cervix and started shooting my seed, restlessly trying to shoot my cum into her womb, as she kept screaming out her unending passion.
I continued to hold her arched and straining body as I poured cum into her hungry pussy. As I gazed on this dazzling woman, straining in orgasmic bliss beneath me, I couldn't help but be awed by this gift that my love has given me.
I had one more line to say and so I said it. "Now you know only a man can give you a real orgasm."
The scene cut to black.
I went to the four corners of the table and released Cindy from her bondage. She curled into a ball in the center of the table, convulsing and shivering. She whispered after a while, "My master, I need you, please master."
I picked her up in my arms and started to walk back to the house, but Cindy was quivering and spasming so hard that I almost dropped her. So instead I went and sat in the chair while I held, kissed and caressed her until the hard convulsions and spasms subsided. When all that was left was the quivering, Cindy reached up and kissed me and said, "Oh Sean, Oh Master please take me home and hold me tight against you all night."
Who could resist such an overwhelming and loving request? Certainly not me as I carried her to the house as was her request.