"It's ok kids, I'll grab your ball," I said as I waded into Lake Michigan. They looked heartbroken when the wind swept the beach ball away. I couldn't have that happen. And more importantly I would impress some of the guys and more importantly still I would show Julia just how kind I was. She had seen how I could fight. She knew how I looked after her. It was time to cement the relationship, make her my pet for good. I swam out and grabbed the ball by then easily 200 metres off shore. I cuffed it back between my arms as I learned in water polo.
Standing up I passed it back to one of the kids- a cute little boy I guess about 5 years old. "Thanks lady" he beamed. He was a polite boy as well as cute. I returned his smile with a pleased smirk of my own. I knew I might not look as good as my friends or most of the other girls on the beach but I could swim better. None of those stick figure bitches would be able to swim and rescue that ball. And even if they could they were all too busy working on their tans to busy themselves to help some upset kids. So many women who go to that beach are not so much selfish as stupid. They were all trying to get the guys attention, after all that is why go came there and then they just lie about hoping some guy will notice them. Dumb sluts, they never realise that they need to show themselves as a bit different. I knew better. I usually did.
I walked back to my towel and sat down beside my friends Cassie, Joan and Julia. Cassie was as always eyeing the men. Joan was oblivious to the world around her sunning herself on her towel. Julia was all smiles. I could almost feel her admiration. . And I could feel some other eyes on me. I knew I had impressed some of the guys.
I made a pretence of picking up my book. I wanted to seem occupied but really I wanted to check out the scene. I read maybe half a page and paused as if deep in thought and glanced round, my eyes hidden by my sunglasses focused on one guy on his own, looking in my direction. I guessed he was a few years older then me, maybe 28 or so .He was one of the men who had seen me rescue those kids' ball and he had flashed me a smile when I was walking back to my friends. I had seen him spooning and pashing some redhead earlier on the sand. I had no idea where she had gone. But it would be fun to see what would happen if she came back to find me lying next to her man.
Cassie nudged me. She leaned over from where she was lying soaking up the sun nodding her head towards a figure down the beach, and in the opposite direction to the man I had just been looking at. "See that guy over there? Like he's the father of some of those kids. I saw him with them before." She lifted her sunglasses, her lips curling delightedly upwards. "Like he's smiling at you." She was a trouble maker, but so much fun.
"So, what of it?" I looked where Cassie was pointing.
"Don't be a goose. Like he's looking your way. He fancies you."
I pursed my lips. "He had a woman sitting next to him."
"Maybe he did. So what? Like why is he smiling at us now when you are sitting down when we didn't get so much as a glance before? I tell you he fancies you."
"The woman's gone. Perhaps she didn't mean much to him."
Cassie said "Don't be silly. She's his wife. Like anyone can see that. "
"So what? You said he fancied me" I looked again. The guy waved and flashed a big grin. I tilted my head, returned the wave, then turned back to Cassie. "Like I said the woman's gone and besides," I smiled, "she was a skinny wimp."
I stood up as Cassie giggled "Same old Jenn then is it? Always either after the man or fighting the girl."
I playfully kicked some sand in her face and Cassie giggled as she made a mock tackle. I kicked her lightly and left Cassie, Joan and Julia sunning themselves and walked over to the guy.
"Hey there. Those your kids" jerking my thumb over my shoulder and smiling. ."Boy, they sure are cute."
"Yeah they are." He replied, his eyes running over my body. "Say, I want to thank you for retrieving their ball."
"It was a pleasure helping them. I would have hated for them to have their day spoilt if they had lost that ball. And they are so polite. You have brought them up well. They said thank you to me."
He smiled widely, all pearly teeth and dimples, "Hey you that is such a nice compliment! Thank you. It was my pleasure watching such a powerful swimmer. Most of the girls here couldn't manage a splash like that".
I smiled taking in the sight of his body. He was a little older then me, probably just past 30, average build, maybe about 5 ft 10. He had sandy hair and blue sparkling eyes. Definitely sexy. "Oh I am sure they could swim - it wasn't that far - but thanks anyways." Of course I knew he was right: most girls couldn't make that swim. But I wasn't about to tell him that. I didn't want to boast. Well not obviously.
."No don't be so modest, it doesn't become you. Take the compliment Hum you deserve it." I felt his eyes run over me from top to toe. "I take it that you played water polo."
I looked back at him raising my eyebrows. He knew I had caught him eyeing me off. He did not stop. He just smiled some more. Hoo boy, I felt a rush of sexuality at that. I smiled back at him. "Yes I did, at school."
"Not a very common school sport, but then you're not a common girl. I can see you're quite special."
"Why thank you sir" I said in my best mock southern belle tones. I couldn't help giggling a little.
"There, you see how much better it is when you take the compliment and don't be so modest. Better for you cuz you don't have to fib to yourself, better to the person who complimented you because they know you appreciated what they said." He smiled again.
This guy was so much more then being sexy he seemed genuinely nice. He was what my probation officer had called affirming- someone who built up your self-esteem without being obvious.
"Hun, I have always wanted to play water polo- so long as it was mixed."
I looked at him "And why is that?"
"I'll let you into a secret. Promise not to tell anyone" He looked at me.
"Sure I promise. But I think I can guess why a sexy man like you would like to play mixed water polo"
"Oh can you now? Let me see just how clever you are, I already know how kind you are and how good a swimmer you are." There he was this affirming stuff again. I had thought it crap when I got told it in probation --when Sharon (she made me call her by her first name) tried to teach me 'self worth'. But I could see it now. This guy was really beginning to make me feel good about myself, something that never happened.
"Cuz you would have got a good chance to grope some girls- all legally and in the best traditions of the sport."
"There I was right, you are clever! Yeah it's just the same with football where there are three types of social matches: tackle, touch and grope."
We both burst into laughter. This guy was so much fun as well as cute and nice.
He grinned back at me "So hun why did you come over?"
"Well what do I say to that? Because you smiled and waved at me? Wasn't that an invitation?" I smiled and crossed my arms over my chest briefly before standing my legs astride and my hands on my hips.
"And do you go across to every person who smiles at you?" He grinned even wider this time. "And do you accept every invitation? I'm sure a hot curvy babe like you gets lots."
"You flatter me! "I giggled "You've got quite the honeyed tongue." I smirked to try and keep from blushing. No one complimented me like he had, I knew most guys wouldn't think I was hot. And I knew why- I wasn't. I was fat and plain. Most guys called me something like "fat cow' not what this guy had said. I was almost suspicious: what did he want? It had been right when he said the nice words before but this wasn't affirming, not when he called me hot, he had to be after something. . And with his wife around it wasn't that he wanted to get in my pants- well not right then and there any way. Not that I would mind if he did, he was cute, sexy, charming and seemed genuinely a nice guy. His wife was lucky.
"And flattery will get me..." he paused, looked me up and down, grinned and went on "...everywhere. Well almost. But it hasn't got me an answer to my question. By the way you're even sexier when you blush."
By now I was more then suspicious, I knew this guy wanted something, and it was more then a flirtation. I stepped back cautiously and raised an eyebrow "Which question was that?" You've asked a few."
"Hey why did you back off, I won't believe you're shy. Not at all. And don't go all blonde on me now."
I giggled. "I'm not blonde."
"You even have a sexy giggle. I can see you're not blonde. And from what you said you're glad you're not. So am I."
I glanced over his shoulder at the pale locks of the girl who was with him before bringing my eyes back to his, a wry grin playing out across my lips. Cassie was right. It had to be his wife. What did this guy want? There was one way to find out. "But gentlemen prefer blondes -- or so we are told."
"Who said I am a gentleman?" He chuckled. "And you're not answering my questions." He grinned again.
"It will take some time" I flashed my best smile. Regardless of what else he was after, this man was fun to flirt with.
"I'm not going anywhere" he chuckled. "Take your time babe."
Still smiling I sat down on the towel beside him.
"Not that I mind but that sure was a self-invitation to pull up some towel, babe." His eyes twinkled mischief at me.
"Well you didn't like it when I stepped back. And anyway I don't like to muck around."
"You don't?" he shook his head. "You disappoint me babe."
"Well there are different kinds of mucking about." I wriggled a bit closer to him.
"You don't say?" he winked at me.
"What do you think you're doing? Get off my towel and away from my husband you chubby thing." I looked at the pale wispy hair of the pretty little blonde who had been sitting with the guy before. My eyes wandered over her little body, pausing at the ice cream in her hands - presumably for her kids. She was wiry; there was no fat on her. I wondered just how strong she was
Then I stared her right in the face and kept staring -thinking nothing ventured nothing gained and that she couldn't fight with the icecreams in her hand. "The place is taken. I'm here."
"You fat whore. How dare you try to steal my husband. Just look at you, you bitch! Can't get a man yourself so you try to take someone else's." She scoffed. "Slut!"
No one was going to say this about me. Not when I had this cool guy to impress. Not when there was a crowd of people around. I so wanted to make this pretty woman squirm in front of her husband. I just knew I could. I leapt to my feet - my face only inches from hers -- my mouth turned in a fierce scowl. She tried to stare me down but I could see the fear in her eyes. All it took was one feint from me and she took to her heels running away up toward the car park. She even dropped the two ices in her hands as she rushed up the sandy path between the trees.
She may have been slimmer then me but she couldn't run fast. I caught up to her just short of the car park. She had run out of room and turned to face me like a mouse faces a lynx. I giggled at the thought of taking this little wimp apart. "Scared are you? You should be. But you shouldn't be rude to your betters!" I slapped her face a few times for good measure. Then the bitch had the nerve to try to punch me. If she had been heavier she would have done an injury but because she was so small and light her blow to my gut hurt a little but not much more.
I grabbed her hair and pulled her close. Hissing in her face - "Suffer slut!" - and thrust my knee into her tummy doubling her up. I pulled her upright again and shook her around a bit while she coughed.
The front of her bottoms suddenly went dark and wet. Looking down I burst out laughing in her face. "So scared you pissed girl?" She whimpered a bit as I shook her then let her go. "Don't mess with me again little girl." I strolled off back through the trees, smiling, leaving her in the dirt behind me. It felt so good to have won, to have humiliated her. I sniggered to myself. And somehow I knew she could have fought much better, something was holding her back- yeah she was scared shitless.
As I walked back to the beach I could see the man standing there waiting for me. He smiled broadly making no attempt to hide how he lusted after my body with his eyes. "That's one of the hottest things I've seen in quite a while. But she is my wife... I guess I'd better go help her."
"Fucking hell" I muttered, hopping mad. I had just beaten this girl; she was so scared she had pissed in her bottoms. And this guy who had started the whole flirt and encouraged me so much is suddenly so mealy mouthed he is going to help his wife. I wanted to run over and pound the woman into the sand. But hey what would the crowd think of that? Fuck, more importantly what would the guy think and what would he do? I couldn't work out why I cared what he thought but I did. Somehow this made me more determined then ever. Some day I was going to meet up with this couple and when I did I was going to pulp her and then and fuck him in front of her.
But right then on the beach all I could do was fume. I really hadn't thought what I was going to do when I was flirting. IT had just been fun. Looking back I guess I should have thought it through. He was looking for a bit of fun. There was no way he would take the flirt very far not with his kids there. But that is hindsight. Then on the beach my fingers itched to humiliate the bitch. I so wanted to tear her apart. And I convinced myself that I was all hot and horny.
The guy looked at me. "You do understand don't you?"
"Yeah I guess so." I snapped, trying not to show just how furious I was. I could see from his expression I had failed and that he knew I was livid. He sighed, his gaze dropped, he looked at his feet.
I turned on my heel and stalked back to my friends. Cassie, Julia Joan and I sat talking for a few minutes about what had happened when I got back to them. They all saw how cranky I was.
Then I noticed the other woman come back with her husband to his towel. She stood in front of him, her flushed face bent down towards his. We turned our heads towards them, listening in on their exchange.
"Are you ok hun?" he asked.
"I want to go home... now", she hissed adding 'please" very much as an afterthought as she tried to hold her arms around herself and cover the wet stain on her bottoms.
"What a wimp" smirked Cassie, "All you did was knee her and she wants to go home. What would she be like if you had worked her over properly?"
We giggled. I caught the woman's eyes dart up to us and just as quickly away. She pulled her top up and turned to her husband "You should have helped me" her red face just inches from his
"Why? It was between you and the chubby babe." he replied, trying not to smile. "You should have fought her."
"And let the kids see their mother fight on the beach like any common slut? What sort of example would that be?" She glanced at the kids down the beach and turned back to her husband.
"But I've seen you fight before. Hell I've seen you squash big bitches like that one. But you just went to water." He smirked at his double meaning.
I looked at him angrily. Had he been trying to set me up? Had the whole episode been some sort of game to him?
His wife shoved her face right in front of his. She stood with her hands on her hips. She was furious. "John I have never fought in front of the children. You know that. " She turned her face to me and spoke very clearly and loudly. "John I am not a common slut." She turned back to her husband and said, "I and the children are going. I am going to buy the kids some new ice creams so we can leave. You can make up your mind about whether you want to come with us or" she turned to face me again " waste time with common sluts."
"Damn it", I thought, "she is using her kids as an excuse and she is taunting me. She knows she has him under her control. She knows that if I challenge her she just needs to get her children around her. I can't fight a woman with small children. Every one would think I was some low life trailer trash." I shook my head, as my flushed face burned with anger. But I knew the real reason this cunning bitch wouldn't fight- she was just petrified of me.
She packed up her towel and quickly walked down to her children. She spoke to them. Then she and they walked off quietly, slowly toward the car park. She turned and glared at me. I glared back then turned even redder as she shook her fist at me.
Cassie nudged me "Why don't you go after her? She is challenging you!"
"And what would peeps say if I took to her with those kids around? I would be shit!"
"Oh! Jenn you're not scared of her are you? Or are you scared of what people will say about you?" Cassie said archly.
Joan giggled.
I turned to Cassie "shut your mouth girl!"
Joan giggled again.
The woman looked back at me again as she got to the car park. She smirked. She knew she had made me furious. She knew she had got some revenge on me. The bitch! Her husband followed her up the slope. He threw a wink at me as he walked away. That just made me even angrier. I knew he fancied me. I knew he liked seeing his wife fight. - He had said so to her. I knew he wanted to see more. He had said that too! But he was too much of a wimp to insist on talking to me. He was too much under his wife's thumb to flirt with me after I scared her off. He was, too much of a subbie castrated male to get her to do what I know he wanted her to, which was fight me. Typical sensitive new age guy!
"Jenn get over it. It's been half an hour since that family left and all you have done is fume. I know you too well. You're not reading, you're not talking, you're not enjoying yourself. All you are doing is sitting there stewing."
"So what if I am"? Joan what's it to you."
"Jenn, I'm your friend. I have been since school. Can't you take some advice for once in your life."
"Yeah, whatever." I turned on my side. I knew Joan was right but that bitch had got deep under my skin. It was eating away at me inside.
"Jenn listen to me. Don't let it wreck your day. It's not worth it. The guy set it all up. He wanted you to flirt with him because he thought he knew what his wife would do. He wanted to see you two fight. Anyway you beat the little blonde. You know that."
"Yeah" I grunted. Joan was right. He did start flirting with me-- that's why he smiled, that's why he asked all those questions, that's why he was so affirming. And I had been brainless enough to think he liked me. But I was wrong. Joan was right. He had wanted to see us fight. And I fell into his trap.
It made it even worse that Joan was right. She could see the guy had set me up. So could anyone else. And Joan knew how upset I was when I got used like that. She had known me for too long not to know when I felt like shit which was so much of the time. Even if I could hide it from most people Joan generally knew. And she was right I had beaten the bitch.
But there was something niggling, something telling me that just maybe what the little blonde had said was true -- that the only reason she didn't fight was because her kids were there. I lay there stewing sourly thinking that perhaps I needed to revise my opinion. . Maybe she wasn't scared of me after all. She was lean. She looked strong. She looked agile Her husband had expected her to fight. And then I had begun to think maybe if she did fight she could put up a harder fight. . She looked as if she could dance around me hurling punches.
"Jenn, I know just how strong, how powerful you are. I saw you get that other blonde a few weeks ago." Julia spoke for the first time in a while. I remembered the last time I had been on the beach. "You thrashed her."
"Yeah I know. But that was then. And right now that little blonde used her kids as some sort of human shield."
The whole scene had ended sour. What had made it worse was after that bitch and her husband left I had tried to check out the scene. The guy I had noticed earlier smiling at me was back with his redheaded girl lying down, pashing her. He rolled her onto her tummy. He raised his head and slowly untied her bikini top. Then he rolled her over onto her back again pulling the top off. I couldn't help watching. It was as if my eyes were fixed on them. She had such great tits too. Everything I saw made things worse. He slid his hands over her breasts, cupping them. They were tonguing each other. I saw their tongues dive around in one another's mouths. I clenched my fists digging my nails into my palms. I saw them tilting their heads. I saw them grope each other. I smacked a fist into the palm of the other hand. I was growling, seething with anger.
After awhile, Cassie and Joan got their things together and said bye, saying they had plans for the afternoon. I guess I was lousy company for them. But all I could do was think back to how much fun that guy had been, how nice he was. And then the other guy -- the one with the red head. I sighed. Julia got up and went to get some food from her car. Some guy chatted her up on the way. She came back, her face wreathed in smiles. "He asked for my phone number. "
I almost spat. "I wish he had asked for mine when I talked to him."
"Jenn, Joan was right, Don't fret. It's not worth it truly its not."
"Whatever, I am going for a swim."
But the swim left me feeling no better.
I was still fuming when I stepped out of the water. I was wringing wet, my t-shirt clung to me leaving very little to the imagination, my longish brunette hair hung down in thick strands. I was walking up the sand to where my towel and bag were, looking forward to lying in the sun and reading for a while again, when a young blonde walked straight into me and spilt her drink down my back.
I turned round and stared at her, more furious then ever. "What are you doing? You watch where you are going!" My fists clenched, almost without me knowing.
She glared back at me, as if sizing me up, I could almost see her thinking "She's a bit overweight, big tits but a plump tummy and her ass is too big, she's curvy but not in my class". Then she spoke sharply "Hey you settle down! There's no reason to be bitchy it was an accident."
Her stare was making me boil with anger. After everything that had happened this day, after the disappointment, after that little blonde making me feel small and weak and bettering me in that stand off even after I had beaten her, I wanted to lash out, I wanted a real fight. I looked around.
The blood rushed to my face as I returned her gaze measuring her up as well thinking "A year or two younger than me, better built, taller, no extra flesh except on those oversized breasts. She fits into that white string bikini much better then I could; a real boy magnet and doesn't she just know it. Just the sort of slut I want to get my claws into. Just step out of line one more time girl and I will show you who is queen bitch." Still, I tried to put the fight out of my mind and be polite and spoke softly. "Well hey I m not bitchy. I just asked you to be more careful." She glared at me, a sneer flashing across her face. My voice started losing whatever calm it still had. "Why are you glaring at me like it's my fault? It was yours - you weren't looking where you were going" I couldn't help adding a mutter under my breath "stupid rude slut..."
"I heard that. I heard what you said. You called me a slut you damn fat whore!"
"Don't call me names" I spat. I could tell that she was just spoiling for a fight with her hands on her hips and her eyes glaring at me, saying nothing. "Don't call me names" I repeated my patience nearly spent. "First of all" I jabbed my finger at her, "it is your fault. It is you who walked into me. And second," my finger darting at her again "you called me a bitch before I could say anything. You have a real problem."
"I did not! I just said you were bitchy but I'll say it now: you are a bitch! What's more you look like a drunk whore from some wet t-shirt competition that lost in the first round. Look at those nipples poking out, you getting hot for something aren't you bitch?"
My cheeks flushed a deeper red. I glanced down to see she was right - my breasts were making my t-shirt jiggle. I sneered back at her. She needed to be put in her place and I was relishing the thought of being the one to do put her there. I spoke, quiet, slow, and menacing. "Stuff you, wake up to yourself you stupid girl and get out of my way or I'll move you out of my way." Any shred of courtesy long-gone, I stepped forward looking right in her face, confident she would back down.
She stood her ground till we were almost tit-to-tit glaring at each other. "Go ahead and try."
"She's called my bluff I can't just ignore this," I thought to myself. I glanced around; our argument had attracted attention there was a small crowd, mainly young guys. "If I back off they'll think I'm a wimp. Any way I know I can beat this slut." Then, making my mind up, if in truth I had not made it up when she first bumped me, I pushed forward my hands on her shoulders and my voice cold. "Now kindly fuck off."
"No way!" She grabbed hold of my shoulders and pushed back.
I pushed her again, putting my whole body weight into it, glad at times like these of the extra pounds, forcing her back a couple of steps. I smiled. The blonde growled, she looked pissed that I had forced her back. So she kneed me aiming for my groin. I dropped back a foot or so but her knee hit my thigh hard.
"Who's smiling now?" she mocked.
"Fuck you slut", I staggered back. Resolving to teach her a lesson she would never forget, I closed on her, spat in her face and then slapped it repeatedly while pushing my body against hers.
"Ow!" she cried. She seemed surprised that oh so pretty face was getting slapped, I was sure she'd never had anyone stand up to her before. She wrapped her arms around me and reached down to seize my bikini bottom tugging it hard giving me a nasty wedgie. I knew she wanted to buy time but was sure she wouldn't get far- I wouldn't let her.
"Damn you bitch" I renewed my push trying to get her off balance, to push her right down on the sand. Putting my weight behind it, I reached behind her back and dug my nails into her skin; raking and feeling it split open. I smirked and spat in her face again just as she opened her mouth. I chuckled as a glob of spit landed on her tongue.I was enjoying myself now. It felt so good. All my fury, all my pent up anger was finally going. And I was sure I would smash this bitch. I could just see her lying on her back whimpering. And even more, I could see how my win would make Julia so hot, so subbie. Just like it had before. And then there were the guys. "Oh yes", I whispered, "bring it on." The blonde screamed, pushed back at my chest and grabbed my tits through my thin wet shirt squeezing on them digging her finger into my flesh.
"It will take more than that you squealing blonde," I sneered. More determined yet, I pushed again hooking one leg behind hers and shoved my body at her with all my strength. She staggered back a pace or so. Her fingers dug in: "Fuck that hurt but I'm going to get this slut in front of me down and begging for mercy" I thought as I clawed at her back digging my nails in harder as she twisted my tits savagely ripping my shirt open. Pushing my head below her face I brought it up sharply against her chin, head butting her.
"Wham bam that's right bitch you're sprawled on your back on the sand, just where a blonde belongs. You tore my shirt from top to bottom, bloody useless now. I'll get you for that" I sneered. My tits bounced freely as my ruined shirt hung open. Avoiding her attempts to kick out at my legs, I jumped in to straddle her, my knees on either side of her torso, slapping her face with my palms, watching her head being rocked back and forth. "I'm going to smash you, you little whore."
She balled her fists and swung hard at my face, raining blows so hard and so fast she pushed me away. I rolled on the sand and got up hurriedly reaching my feet a second or so after the blonde who moved in quick, lashing with her fists at my face again. "I going to beat you back yet you fat bitch" she sneered as I staggered back from her upper cut. I tasted my own blood dribbling from my stinging split lips.
I circled her thinking "I'm heavier then she is, I was winning when I used my weight, I got to get in close to avoid those full powered extended punches of hers." I circled her again looking for the moment to rush in. The growing crowd stood back giving us room. Suddenly she charged at me, I sidestepped and grappled with her but not before copping another punch on my cheek making me cry out loudly.
I grabbed at her back. I wanted to crush the air out of her lungs with a bear hug. Instead somehow I tore the strap of her bikini top. I lost my temper altogether and jabbed my nails deep in her back. I felt the skin rupture and sniggered. Her hands clawed at my ass ineffectively, ripping my bikini bottom. I remembered I was not trying to inflict pain but beat her and so focused on squeezing her, on crushing out the air. I hung on even though I knew my bikini bottom was sliding down. I knew I had it won, I just knew it as I told myself "She's desperate, I got it won, just hold on a bit more and she will give in."
She bit my neck and shoulders, her teeth clung then as she jerked her head came away with a piece of flesh.
I howled. "Fuck! Oh arrh!" I released my grasp a bit; just enough for her to force me back and step free. Her bikini top and my bikini bottom slid to the sand as she stepped back. She swung a punch at my belly following it quickly with two more. Each landed hard in my soft fat belly, doubling me up: "Oh shit! I can't take it, got to get back, a few more of those will do me." I staggered back and stood my ground breathing hard. I saw the blonde doing the same her big breasts heaving. I knew it- "she's turned on just look at her nipples jutting out." I rubbed mine finding they too were out proudly.
"Look at the udders on that big brunette, she had the fight almost won 'til the blonde bit her. She'll cream the blonde yet. God I'd like to fuck her when she has." I glanced at the speaker, a stocky, solid thickset man average height, probably my age. He looked muscular. I thought he might be fun, he might just get his wish after I destroyed this slut. I winked at him. He winked back.
.
"Nah, she's too fat, she's tiring, my moneys on the blonde." replied the guy standing next to the first speaker. She's in better condition. She's one hot slut"
"Don't think so, but you're right about one thing they are both hot sluts."
"What about a gangbang when it's all over?"
"The brunette would, look at her, butt naked" As he said this the stocky guy looked straight at me and smiled. "He might be right" I thought. My body shivered hotly. The idea of three or four guys pleasuring me after I had beaten this blonde bitch really turned me on. I remembered back a few months to that night in the gym after I had trashed that slut Sandy then. That had been so hot. Three guys and me. "Oh fuck yes! He is right damn straight he is!" I could hardly wait. I winked at him again. Just to make sure he got the message, I stroked my tits again.
I glanced around the crowd and saw Julia. She had hooked up with the same guy who had asked her for her phone number. He had his arm round her shoulder; hers was round his waist. She waved with her free hand. I couldn't help thinking yet again how unfair it was. "Here was I, I'd met a hot guy who turns out to be a wimp. And now, I am sweaty, bleeding heavily from the bite on my shoulder, hurting all over, flushed and panting for air as I fought this blonde bitch. And there is Julia smiling from the sidelines, with a guy in tow." I spat at the ground. I turned back to face my enemy.
I rushed forward, seizing her right arm in both my hands and ran round in a circle forcing her to follow me,turning her. I ran faster, gasping for breath but determined to move on again. Then I let her go. Unprepared for this the blonde staggered and almost fell to the ground. I charged at her, throwing my arms round her thighs, slamming my body into her, tackling her. As we sprawled to the ground in a tangle I let go of her thighs. I landed a few punches, one of them hard enough to send blood splashing from her mouth before the blonde punched me a few times. She squirmed out from underneath me and got to her feet.
I cursed the bitch to hell and back; "Damn, I thought I had her then. The bitch is much fitter then I am. I gotta win soon or I am done". Getting up myself I feinted a punch to her left before hurling myself to her right, my fingers bent like claws. The blonde pivoted on her left foot, sidestepping my charge and kneed me agonisingly hard in the belly. She hadn't been fooled. She was so much tougher then I thought she would be when I sized her up before the fight.
Doubled over with the pain, my hands clutching my belly, I stumbled a few paces. She grabbed one of my legs and twisted it throwing me on my back to the sand. I just managed to ward off her follow up attack with my feet, rolled and stood.
Again we stood, each trying to catch our breath, each waiting for the other's move. Again I glanced around. There was Julia, she smiled waved and gave me the thumbs up. She really was trying to encourage me. And I was so exhausted I needed all the encouragement I could get. There was the guy who wanted to fuck me. He flashed a grin, but he looked anxious too as if he was worried about the outcome. "Fuck" I thought "so am I" I glared at my enemy.
"Worn out are you? You ought to lose some weight", the blonde taunted me "when I've finished you off you can go to a gym"
Using the tactic that had worked before, I pushed forward but a little more slowly this time. I was tiring badly. I was starting to pant for breath. I felt the sweat roll off me. I grabbed her arm and swung her around, then charged. She met my charge with her shoulder. We both crashed to the sand in a heap. I pushed my way to the top straddling her and once more I slapped and punched her round the face, every so often yanking her hair. "You slut you're done for! Now you gonna give in?"
I reached trying to seize her arms but she kept them out of my grasp. My tits and belly heaved as I gasped for air. "Go on bitch! You're done for! Give in now!"
"Ohhhh " the blonde slut whined "Uh OW!" I knew from her face she heard me. "No way bitch are you going to win" she spat at me. She swung her fist hard in my face, so hard it knocked me off balance and I almost lost my place on top of her. Blood spurted from my nose again. Pressing her advantage she swung at me time and again till I staggered and slipped off her, crashing to the sand.
I groaned "Fuck I'm tired, I don't know how much longer I can fight her". Slowly I rolled away and began to rise. She was faster she might have wavered but she was on her feet and before I got to mine she raised her knee under my chin. The blow sent me sprawling on the sand. I groaned. I tried to get up but the blonde stomped on my belly, pumping some air from my lungs. I shrieked. She straddled me. I clawed at her tits. She roared and hissed then tore at my own tits "Ok slut" she bounced her ass up and down on my belly, each bounce squeezing more air out of my lungs.
"Arrgh fuck you" I panted. My eyes watered, I felt tears roll down my cheek "fuck you, you are not going to win" I gasped and grunted for breath as she kept bouncing on my belly her hands working my tits. I let go of hers and tried to push her hands away.
She smiled as my effort failed. I slashed out desperately with a punch to her face as I heard a male voice egging that bitch on: "The fat whore started this! Go on blonde finish the whore off!"
She rained down punches on my face while still bouncing on my belly. I swung another punch but it went wild, I choked and coughed up blood from my swollen mouth and nose. "Fuck you bitch fuck you arrgh arrgh fuck" I bucked my legs pushing into the sand trying to push her off. I gasped for air. My legs flailed in the sand unable to get enough purchase. She bounced on me again. She swung more punches on me. "No no no ok no more I cant take it stop it please oh no more please". Tears ran down my cheek at the shame and humiliation.
The blonde twisted my tits, pulled me up by my shoulders, slammed me into the sand and took a final bounce on my belly. "Sorry slut. You just don't have what it takes."
She stood up. The crowd cheered.
I lay there whimpering as I realised I had lost big time, I was naked, battered, and surrounded by this crowd of men. I wondered what would happen next. "It was so unfair. I had the bitch until she bit me. I knew I would have won had she fought cleanly. But her bite had done for me. And I knew she had set me up. I was sure that she had walked into me on purpose. Those sort of things just dot happen unless you mean them to. I ought to know, I've set other girls up like that before. But this bitch had managed to convince some peeps that I had started it. Damn blonde boy magnet, she has it so easy. She's so hot and sexy the guys would almost all cheer for her even if she did start it. And I could say goodbye to that stocky guy. He wouldn't be interested in me now that I lost. No one likes losers."
I peeked up and saw Julia away in the crowd. "Oh shit. I had forgotten she was here. What will she think now that I have lost? And today was going to be the day I made her my sub properly. Now what? One thing worse then a loser and that's a wannabe domme loser." I started to cry again.
I don't know how long I lay there, with these thoughts running through my head - not long I suppose but it seemed an eternity as the blonde bitch did some sort of triumphant dance and jeered at me. I just lay still, too scared to move: what would she do to me if I did move? I hoped she would go away, that she would let me slink off somewhere quiet to lick my wounds
Then my body trembled as she spoke "Part your legs you snivelling slut, show just how much of a whore you are to all these people here." She turned again to the crowd "You might remember when the slut was stupid enough to think she had a chance to beat me, some other people thought the same." She looked down and sneered at me.
I mumbled "I would have beaten you bitch if you hadn't bitten me. And the crowd knows it."
She glared at me "Did you say something you fat loser whore? Are you still mouthy? Haven't you learned your lesson yet?" She raised her leg as if to stamp on my belly again.
"No, no I didn't say anything." I was terrified. She had beaten me so badly. I didn't want to suffer any more. And again I thought, "How pathetic, how shitty I am. So much for the big bullying bitch."
"Well as I was saying, there was a break in the fight and some guy said he'd like to fuck the brunette and someone else said that she'd be in a gangbang. I'm sure lots of you saw howl this dumb slut took her eyes off the fight for a moment. But did you see the light in her eyes? Tell them slut! Tell them you were turned on by that, that you would like a gangbang."
"Fuck you blondie" I thought to myself "You were stroking your tits, you were as turned on as I was .The difference is you cheated." I looked round, there was that stocky bloke. I thought again of the night at the gym, in the spa sipping champagne the guys had bought me after I beat Sandy Brighton. "It was so unfair, if you hadn't bitten my you slut, I would have been doing something like that again. Whore!"
I bit my tongue to keep from speaking as she went on "Oh, I know you were thinking of a victory fuck but it didn't come off, did it. Your cunt's wet, isn't it you stupid bitch?" she paused and then stomped on my belly.
I bellowed with pain.
"Part your legs and answer me slut, tell them your pussy's wet."
I spread my legs wide. "Yes it is" I answered for I could feel it still trickling juice. In spite of losing, in spite of the blonde humiliating me, in spite of the pain, I was still horny. I needed a fuck so bad. But there was no chance of that now. Who would want to fuck me, a fat loser slut?
"Smile slut," my tormenter spoke again and I looked up, "Smile for the camera and don't move a muscle." She took several pictures with a digital camera, close ups of my face, of my mauled tits and even one of what I was sure would be my wet bush, midrange pictures showing my body stretched out on the sand and a distance one of the beach, some sort of location shot.
"Here you" she spoke to someone in the crowd "when I say now I want you to take a picture. Make sure you get both the whore and me in the pic. I want everyone to know who she is" She stomped on my belly again. "Now" she said as I shrieked in pain again. "This will be on the web tonight, whore" she cackled.
"This is the end, nothing can get worse from here" I thought. "I've lost it all, my reputation as a tough bitch, and that means I'll lose my part time debt collecting job. So I've lost money. No guy will want me. I'm too fat. All I had that attracted them was being queen bitch. And I've lost my girls too none of them will want me - loser."
But she had not finished yet. "I want four guys to help me" she addressed the crowd again and selected her volunteers. "Each of you grab an arm or a leg and lift her up" I couldn't believe it when I saw one of the four was the guy I had winked at before, the guy who said he wanted to fuck me. I couldn't believe how low I had gone. But it was true. Eager hands grabbed me and I felt myself hoisted up off the sand. "Throw her in the surf. Pick her up again and throw her back in a few times. She needs cleaning up; she is so filthy with sand and dried blood and muck on her".
Laughing, the men did so hoisting me high when they got to the water and I was dumped in the surf when they were standing about chest high in it. The water stung each of my cuts and gashes. I kicked and thrashed around in the water for a moment or two, hot pain stabbing at my wounds. Their hands grabbed me again and hurled me back in twice more before the blonde spoke again.
"Right lift her up, carry her up to the tables near the car park and lie her there with her fat butt in the air. Carry her face down. I want everyone to see that fat gut and those big tits flopping."
Oh no what is she going to do next I wondered as I pleaded with her " "No. Please no more..."
"Take it slut" she hissed. "I know you, I know you've done all this and worse to other women. Its just that today you met a better woman. " I had to admit she was right, I had humiliated other women before. She grabbed my hair, pulling my head up "Look around. You look at all these people. This is a day you won't forget ever!"
It took a few minutes for them to carry me there and I guess there must have been 200 people who saw me, naked, my body spread-eagled as they carried me. We got there at last and I thought it was over, that she couldn't do much more now... how wrong I was."Ouch" I screamed as the blonde spanked me with a sneaker.
"Count and say thank you each time slut or you'll be worse off then you are now!"
"One, thank you, ouch, two thank you, oh shit ouch three thank you." As I counted, knowing that if I didn't worse would happen, I thought "Oh shit this can't be happening, I am getting wet, this is turning me on." She slapped again. I couldn't help squealing in pain. "Oh, ah oh hell no it hurts so, four thank you". I bit my tongue to stop squealing again- I needed to show I wasn't weak as I mumbled "I'm queen bitch, always have been since school, used to get my jollies from punishing pretty little blonde pieces like this one and now I'm leaking like a tap." But then she hit me so much harder. I squealed again "five fuck it, thank you"
"Listen to her, what a weak slut she is" the blonde cackled
I bit my tongue again thinking "she's laying into me and I am so hot, so bloody needy" then said as she hit me again ""six thank you"." It hurt so much, I was humiliated but couldn't help crying again. The torture went on and on till the fifteenth slap.
She spoke again "So the fat whore is blubbering again, just a couple more things before I go, stand up and walk" I hurried to do so. She grabbed my ear and marched me over to one of those big scales -the kind you put a quarter in and weigh yourself.
"Stand on it bitch" she dropped a coin in "Tell them how much you weigh"
"151 lbs."
"Get off you tub of lard" she stood on and dropped another coin in "Tell them how much I weigh."
"110 lbs."
She stepped right up to my face; I flinched and stepped back.
"You and you" she said, pointing at two men in the crowd "hold her still, kick her legs apart" Two men seized me holding me by my shoulders, each had one leg hooked round one of mine.
And then she shoved a finger in my pussy.
I couldn't help moaning. She smiled. She slid a second in and her thumb rubbed my clit. I moaned louder: "This is a nightmare! She's gonna make me cum here and now in front of all these guys!" She slid a third in. My head lolled back I moaned so loudly I was sure I'd be heard in the next county. Her fingers sawed back and forth till I was on the verge of orgasm. She stopped and turned to the men.
"The slut's all wet and wanton, she'd do anything for a fuck now."
"Damnit bitch you know that" I muttered under my breath.
"Its up to you guys if you have $300 between you you're willing to give me for the pleasure of gangbanging this slut then she's all yours. Otherwise ...well you can go stuff your cunt yourself bitch."
I looked around dumbfounded: "The bitch is serious, she's going to whore me out... oh fuck that just makes me even hornier" I thought.
She started collecting money and counting. "Thank you gentlemen, I'm sure you'll get your moneys worth. Bye now." She stepped close to me "So long Bitch"
I looked round helplessly at a wolf pack of guys, there must have been a dozen there. As one of them stepped forward towards me the two holding me, puled me so my back was pressed against their bodies. I felt their hard cocks against my ass. The man in front bent and licked my left tit; I would have collapsed to the ground but for the men holding me. I moaned, I just couldn't stop myself. Another guy came up and licked my right tit then sucked on it. "Stuff I thought that would hurt but oh, oh all I want is a fuck they could fuck me right here and now next to the car park with all these people around." I was so ashamed of myself but so turned on.
One of the men in front stroked my pussy, my body shook, I moaned again and then I slipped my hands down the shorts of the men in front and stroked each of their members.
Someone said "Not here lets take the bitch to the sandhills".
The men in front each grabbed one of my ankles and I was hoisted up and carried maybe half a mile. I had been to these sandhills often; it was just the place for a quiet fuck so long as there weren't too many others with the same idea. But I'd never been here like this. The men laid me down on this lump of sand so my head hung over the side. Some guy- I had no idea who; I couldn't see his face the way my head was - pushed my legs apart and began fingering my pussy, just outside my lips, his finger just gently running up and down and said "Wait on guys, watch this."
"This is torture, oh hell, I want a fuck" I muttered knowing how slutty I was. I spread my legs more and more and I pushed my hips up toward his fingers trying to get him to slide them in. But he didn't. Instead, he slid them lower, lower until he ran the tip of one of his wet fingers over my asshole. He so very gently stoked it, just a second or two before running his fingers back and with just the tip of one finger, parted my lips. Moving up and down, making my lips quiver, he slowly spread my juices. By this point, I was beside myself squirming twisting and moaning, begging for a fuck.
Someone knelt near me and began to lick my nipple. I reached and found his cock and began stroking it hard. Someone came to lick the other nipple and again I found his cock to stroke. "Look at her" my tormenter said. "Ever seen such a whore? The fat bitch can't wait for a gang bang!" I flushed but it was true. I did want a gangbang. Shit! I had wanted one when that stocky guy first mentioned it. He knew that then. So did the blonde bitch. But it wasn't this I wanted. I wanted a few guys pleasuring me, licking me out, playing with my tits, and I'd give them a blowjob or let them fuck me gently. Like that other night months ago. But not this way. Not a dozen or so. Not being just an object. But it was still true. I did want a gangbang. So true I couldn't stop myself. I kept on bucking, trying to get a finger inside me and then it happened.
I bucked and twisted more trying to get him to finger fuck me but the finger disappeared altogether for a moment. I groaned in frustration. So close and then nothing! Then I felt a hard shaft outside my pussy and bucked up and down impatient to have it in me." Thank oh thanks he's doing it! He is finally fucking me."
But then I howled as he slammed his shaft in hard, fast, savagely. "Shut up slut."
A fourth man now came up kneeling near my face and I opened my mouth wide for him. It hurt sucking a cock because my lips were so bloody sore but he was gentle and just let me lick his head not trying to force it in. It was only a few moments before one of the cocks I held spurted cum on my tummy and I let go as he pulled back. A third guy stroking my nipples almost immediately replaced him and I pumped him too. The guy I was sucking must have been primed because within a minute he pulled back and he too spurted cum, this time all over my hair. About the same time the second man at my nipple erupted spraying his jism all over my shoulders. Another guy came up to my mouth. He wasn't nearly so gentle. I wasn't ready; I was trying to catch my breath. He pinched my nose till I had to open my mouth then he forced his way inside, my broken lips stung from the way he fucked my mouth. "Oh shit I'm being fucked senseless by this gang and they paid the blonde to do me."
I couldn't help myself; my body was bucking furiously. From what seemed a long way off I heard some guy call out
"Don't come in the slut, come on her! Paint her with cum! Show the world what a filthy whore she is."
I trembled even more at that knowing that already my body would be beaded with the pale yellow semen of half a dozen men and realising that there would be a lot more. As if to prove the point the man in my pussy pulled out and shot his sperm over my thighs just as the man I was stroking came over my tits followed a few seconds later by the guy in my mouth who gave me a facial.
I wailed -- no one was touching me- I needed to cum so badly I couldn't help myself I began fingering myself. It didn't take long though. Again from what seemed miles away I heard a different guy say excitedly "This skank is so turned on. Look at her work that snatch."
Someone else replied "God, look at that whore, she loves this IF only I had a video, what a porn clip this would make!"
My body shook as I came. I returned to earth with someone pushing at me and slapping the side of my butt. My heart sank. I knew what they were saying was true. I was no more then a fat porn whore. And there was more to come. I knew just how much worse it was when I heard a guy laugh " A video, oh man, you are so 90's I have her on my phone cam. I'll download it later. It is a great clip, I wonder how much I'd get for it."
To think that this, this horror, this disgusting perverted scene was on camera. And to think that it would show the truth- that I was loving it. What a state I had come to.
"Roll over bitch I want to do you doggy style" I groaned then shrieked in pain as the man yanked my hair hauling me back up on my knees before pushing me down on my hands as well.
"Shut your face whore " he said.
"Nah I'll shut it for you" laughed another man as he stepped forward shoving his member in my face. I knew what he wanted. What was the point of resisting I was going to suck him anyway in the end! So they double-teamed me. I was pushed back and forth by their thrusts. The man I was blowing played with my oh so sore and oh so sensitive nipples while the man behind stroked my engorged clit. I was moaning and bucking as they took me and shrieked again this time in ecstasy as the men pulled out almost together splashing yet more semen on me.
"I think the slut likes blowjobs. How about you give us all one?"
"All twelve of you?" My voice quivered as I said it, my mind thought "Holy fucking Christ, twelve guys? My God, my mouth will be so sore, my belly full of cum!"
"Of course, after all we paid for you, whore." He spanked my ass, making me squeal. Laughing, a cold calculating laugh he yanked my hair, forcing me to sit upright.
Shuddering, I opened my mouth as the first rammed his big hard cock in. I was awash in conflicting emotions. I felt so humiliated at what the blonde had forced me to do, no, what she had forced me to become. A whore! And then there was the fear of how far all these guys would go, of what they would do. I mean, would they hurt me? But also the fear for my reputation. Through it all, though, I felt desire, need lust. I was so fucking turned on.
My lips closed on the guy's cock and I started sucking him. My mouth pumped his cock. I heard him moan and felt him grab my head. He started pounding into me, using my mouth as he would my pussy. I started cuming.
And so it went on till every man had cum on me - some I am sure twice. Some drifted away as they finished. Others stayed looking on and jeering until the last man ended. By that time there were about four men still around. I was coated in sticky cum, sore from the fight and from the guys. My pussy and mouth ached; my tits were on fire.
One of the four bent down. "So long slut! You were a good fuck! I've had better though!"
And to make my humiliation complete the stocky guy who I had winked at spoke. "This wasn't your first gangbang was it? I knew you were a slut. You put out so well. No, you've been done before! And I'm sure you will be again."
They laughed and the four walked off. I looked at the stocky guy as he left. " Somehow he knew! He knew I had been in a gang bang. But I hadn't been like this. No this wasn't like the spa.. That time I had been in control, that time the guys had done what I wanted, they had pleasured me. Not like today when I had been just a fuck toy" I was still panting. I had never cum so hard and so much before. As I lay there, sandy cum drying everywhere on my body, it slowly dawned on me I was naked and covered in cum. And my clothes were a half-mile away! "Fuck! How am I going to get there without being seen?"
My heart pounding, I rolled over and scanned the beach. People. In the end I just waited till dusk and got back when there were few people around and it was gloomy so the few there didn't see me.
The bitch was right. This was a day I would never forget. But my god if I ever saw her I was going to destroy her...