Please send any comments, good or bad, to mrddman@yahoo.com. I welcome feedback. Thanks.
Chapter 6: The Afternoon Shift
Becky certainly started her day off well, having just had her pussy seriously eaten out by Billy the neighbor. Sitting on her knees almost naked, still at the front door of her house, she reflected on all that happened to her recently.
Her wonderful neighbor Chris had come by just a couple days ago and her life somehow transformed. She learned that her life was more than just being a conservative and cautious librarian; rather she could be a temptress, a man pleaser, a giver of comfort and love to all the men out there. She particularly felt attracted to Chris and wanted to please him in any way she could.
She remembered how she comforted that nice young UPS man who had come to her house a few mornings ago. Her blouse had fallen open and his lips were so very very close to her full DD bosoms that he actually took a chance and lunged forward, wallowing in her tit flesh. He was wallowing in her bosoms and sucking like he never had done before in his whole life. He nipple sucked her and slobbered all over her tits until Becky decided to suck his seed right out of him He was very happy indeed when he finally left and she had a delicious mouthful of his semen to drink too.
After this encounter, Chris took her and made delicious love to her. He fucked her right in her living room with some very hard pounding and she liked it. She loved it, in fact.
They then went to the store and bought all sorts of wonderful sexy clothes for her to wear. She tried on lots of daring hot outfits, inadvertently teasing the hapless young store merchant. She teased him with displays of her nipples and areolas in a seemingly accidental way, though she knew what she was doing. She became nice friends with the young man who worked at the clothing store. She inadvertently teased him so much that he finally accosted her in the dressing room and groped her all over her hot young body. She also got to drink his yummy cum too.
She also daydreamed remembering her stop at the corner store and her intentional teasing of the store teller until he finally had sex with her. She dressed in many ways to allure him and even allowed herself to be passionately molested openly in the aisles of the convenience store. Later she finally left him no option but to fuck her violently in the walk-in cooler. That was a very nice experience too. It was cold, but it was also very very hot.
Then when she worked at the library, she didn't realize that at least one young man was playing 'pocket billiards' with himself from simply leering at her fantastic body. Well, she did accidentally on purpose leave some buttons on her blouse undone. She then had some intense and forceful sex right in the book aisles with a young student. That was a very risky thing to do because they could have been so easily caught, but she so delighted in taking that risk. Later, her boss had the opportunity to do some titillating tit licking of her beautiful bosoms and nipples. She truly loved that feeling also. Becky felt alive. She felt like a wanton sexual seductress, a pleaser of men, an alive vivacious young piece of fabulous ass!
And then just yesterday she paraded all around her house barely dressed in anything at all. She was almost naked but went about her business with all of the curtains wide open. She had no idea who would be spying on her and she didn't really care either. That night the neighborhood boys took her forcefully. She thought she was being robbed but in the end, she was being raped and driven to many climaxes more intense than any she had experienced before. She didn't even think of it as rape, but rather as an intensely sexual experience, one she also wanted to repeat.
Finally, just this morning she tricked one of those boys to come back to her house and she seduced him into having sex with her three times. She was becoming quite skilled at seduction and very experienced at bringing men to orgasm using just her lips and tongue on their young, very erect cocks. She was becoming a very good cocksucker indeed.
***
Becky had to work the afternoon shift at the library today. So she went about getting dressed for work. Just then, she received my phone call. I had been watching the video feed from the cameras that I had installed in her house and I was very pleased with the crazy flow of events from the night before, and then from this morning. Wow, she was coming along very nicely or, should I say, cuming along?
When I spoke to Becky on the phone, I suggested to her what she wanted to wear to work today. It was upstairs in the second drawer of her bureau. It would be a very exciting day at work, indeed. I also told her that it would be a great idea if she invited her sister over for dinner tonight. Dinner for just the 3 of us. Becky, her slightly shorter and busty sister Barbie, and me. I could hardly wait.
It is interesting how some knit dresses are made of rather thick material meant to keep one warm and hide any evidence of panty lines, bra straps or undergarments in general. Other knit dresses are of much thinner material, meant to tightly grip all of ones delicate curves and waistline to display an attractive, alluring or even seductive figure. Such a full-length, tight-fitting dress is normally worn with the thinnest possible undergarments. Very thin lace brassieres with the most minimal nipple padding possible. Panties would also need to be very thin, preferably also made of lace, so that they too would not be visible through the tight-fitting dress.
Well, I had bought Becky a wonderful full-length yellow knit dress, which stretched tightly over all of her luscious curves. One would call it full-length but its 'length' did stop rather abruptly, just below her nicely protruding ass. Maybe saying it was a short full-length dress would be more accurate. It's knitting, being so very thin, did reveal every bump and curve of her lovely body. The upper part of the dress had a rather conservative high collar to it with a somewhat tempting full-length zipper right down the middle of the front of it. It cascaded outward over the lovely bulge of her breasts, continuing downward to her thin narrow waist, and all the way down almost to her sweet young pussy. The round ring of the zipper just dangled there below her chin, daring someone to hook their finger in there and slide it down, just yank it briskly, to expose her large juicy young melons so one could gobble on her tits.
The knit of the dress was quite thin and delicate so it tightly molded to her narrow waist, finely rounded hips and jutting ass. And of course it captured and molded to every luscious curve of her mountainous DD breasts. They were much larger on her than her thin frame gave notice of. Viewing her from behind gave no clue whatsoever to the treasures she held up front. Her thin limbs, slightly rounded hips and narrow waste told no tale of the oversized succulent breasts she was carrying up above. The thin knitting also displayed nicely the prominence of her thick nipples, which were quite hard to hide in any clothes she chose to wear. She looked absolutely succulent in this dress. It was really more appropriate for a fine dinner at an exclusive restaurant. A dinner for two lovers who wanted a prelude to some seriously rampant sex afterwards. But I wanted her to wear this to work, to the library filled with libido-ridden students who deserved some fine visual fantasies. Cunningly, I also made it clear to her not to wear any undergarments whatsoever. Her nipples would clearly be evident all day long as would her 'come fuck me' waist and hips. Her day at the library was going to be very, very interesting indeed.
Becky wore a coat until she arrived at the front desk of the library, after all, she didn't want to cause any traffic accidents along the way. She then went about her normal duties, filing books that were received, ordering new materials and plenty of computer work. She also daydreamed a bit about how many needy men she had recently pleased and how nice I was for having bought her so many nice new clothes. Mostly, however, she daydreamed about all the types of sex she recently had. That was very new to her indeed and she couldn't quite believe how nice it made her feel.
Well, it wasn't too long before third year college student Tony came to the library, studying as usual. He was a chemistry major and needed to find some reference books so he went up to the librarian's desk. He was a very nerdy young lad with a fair amount of acne, rather thin for lack of exercise and, like most lads his age, was quite fond of masturbation. Today however, he had work to do.
When Tony reached Becky's desk he was in for quite a surprise. "Was she the normal librarian who worked here?" He had never noticed her before and "Wow! What an amazing body she was showing off!" He looked down upon her as she was seated and got quite an eyeful of her curvy, tightly wrapped form. Her firm tits so tightly wrapped in the dress were fucking awesome. They jutted outwards with the material of the dress sloping slightly downward and quite a bit outward on her. She was truly on display. He almost forgot what it was that he came there for but managed to blurt out a few words about the book he needed to find.
Becky stood up giving him a full view of her hot young body, and offered to show him a particularly rare reference book. Tony was in no way going to refuse her. Her full large braless tits bounced to and fro within her dress as she moved. They seemed to have a life of their own and being unrestrained, as they were, that statement was quite factually true. They walked down the book aisle together with Tony following behind and drinking up the sway of her hips and the tempting roundness of her ass. The tight knit dress gripped her like it was sprayed on. He wanted to grab her from behind and shove his dick in her, but he was so timid he couldn't even think of touching her.
When Becky got to the bookshelf, she reached up high, stretching her lovely thin arms upward. In doing so her breasts were thrust outward in a tantalizing display of womanly fruits. Tony said "Thank you God" and had a smile on his face as big as Alaska. Becky, not noticing her erotic display, smiled back at him then brought him the book. "Here's what you were looking for." she said. Well, Tony sure as hell knew what he was looking at; never mind what he was looking for. Her big tits jiggled and as she turned to leave, she brushed her left breast firmly onto his arm. It was just an accident. She got a bit too close, but she also did not mind the brief warmth, the brief bit of intimacy with this obviously needy young boy. Tony was speechless and rock hard all at the same time. He resolved to invent some other questions he could ask her about later on. Right now he needed to decide if he could go on continuing to study or if he needed to go the bathroom to relieve himself. His cock hardened as she walked back to her desk. Yep, he decided he needed to beat off first if he was ever going to get any studying done at all.
After she returned to her desk, the library was starting to fill up with students. There was no small amount of young male students that had taken note of the alluring, if not blatantly sexy, attire Becky had put on that day. In fact, there was beginning to be a line at the front desk to ask for 'help' in locating a book or advice on how to do research. Becky provided quite a delicious and alluring show to them as she got up and down from her desk, searched in different drawers and shelves and, in general, stretched her naked body in that tight knit dress into every position imaginable. Her big boobies bouncing around within her wrap.
In fact, the bathroom adjacent the library was getting filled up with boys jerking off frantically. Texting was going on like crazy. Eventually Phillip, the boy who had hot sex with her just the previous day, got word of Becky being back at the front desk and he just had to go back there as soon as possible.
Phillip was lucky that when he got to the library there was no longer a line at Becky's desk. She was sitting there more voluptuous than ever with her tight knit yellow blouse on. That ring on the zipper that dangled under her neck seemed to beckon for him to come and zip it down. That was exactly what Phillip was intending to do.
When Becky saw Phillip approach her, she immediately felt a sudden tingle through her body. Instead of being embarrassed about the other day with him, she actually felt a little bit wet between her legs. Her nipples stiffened and she gave him a big smile.
"May I help you?" she asked. Phillip made up an excuse that he needed a couple more books from where she showed him the other day, but he couldn't remember where it was. Becky gave him a large smile and offered to show him the same book aisle where they were before. She wiggled her nice round ass before him as she walked. Phillip appreciated her curves and thin waist. A waist he wanted to grab on to as he fucked her once again. He was very anxious to see if he could repeat the performance from just the other day.
Once they reached the book area, Becky turned to face him only a couple of feet away from his chest. At this point Phillip, who was quite aware what a throbbing rock-hard cock he had in his pants, noticed that the tantalizing zipper on her high-necked dress had been pulled down to the beginning of her fathomless cleavage, quite a few inches lower than it had been. It was immediately clear to him that Becky was, once again, coming on to him.
Phillip said, "You want me to suck on these, don't you?" Becky simply smiled. As he said this he pulled her zipper the rest of the way down all the way to her navel. Both her oversized breasts burst forth in all their glory. Firm, upturned and yearning for his lips, he grabbed all of her right breast in both his hands. It took both hands to fully control her swollen bosom, her man-attracting hot tits. His lips immediately descended down to her thick turgid nipple and he began to suckle like a thirsty baby. Her other breasts thrashed about as he manhandled her succulent bosom. He flicked her thick nipple back and forth with his tongue. At times he bit into it, which caused a shiver throughout Becky's wanton body. Her nipple kept his tongue quite occupied indeed.
Becky gasped with a rush of carnal joy. He just 'told' her she wanted him to do this so that was a suggestion on top of what she already knew. She knew she wanted to please men and this made her feel like she was doing her job, satisfying her destiny. Becky felt so complete.
She stroked the hair on his head as he slobbered away fiercely at her breast. He squeezed the left hooter as he sucked and squeezed the right. His large hands molded the soft shape of her DD breasts, so full and firm and delightfully soft in his hands. He wanted to memorize their size and shape forever. He wanted to satisfy all his breast fantasies with her while he had her completely willing in his hands. Soon, his kissing and sucking excited her so much that Becky felt weak at the knees. Her pussy was becoming very lubricated and she needed more.
Phillip pulled his pants down as fast as he could. His cock was standing at full attention and Becky's hands went straight to it. She loved how firm and stiff and manly it was while he continued to suck hard on her nipples. She loved how his hard cock displayed his raw carnal desire. She was so thrilled that she had caused such lust in him.
Phillip then took complete control of Becky. He spun her around and placed her hands on the bookshelf behind her. With her ass now pointed directly at him, he quickly slid up her dress all the way to above her hips. Being bent over in this position her pussy was on full display and he guided his cock into her pussy lips so easily and smoothly that even he was surprised how wet and willing she was. Phillip began that male thrusting rhythm that men are so used to. He pounded away at her pussy while holding her hips like handles; love handles, and boy was he enjoying this.
Then Phillip slipped his left hand up to grab at her left dangling breast. He grasped it holding her nipple between two of his fingers while the rest of his hand squeezed her breast flesh. His right hand controlled her hips as he pulled her in to him and pushed his cock into her pussy all the way to the hilt. He pounded into her and pushed hard and forcefully. He was buried in her as deep as he could go. Her pussy was so tight and so wet and his breathing was reaching a fevered pitch.
Becky, being overwhelmed with lusty stimulation, orgasmed and let loose a muffled cry. This then sent Phillip into the most amazing orgasm of his life. He pumped and pumped as he spewed semen into her cunt; spasm after spasm. Phillip couldn't get enough of her. He squeezed even harder on her tit and pushed as deeply as possible into her cunt until his spasms subsided and he was empty, for the time being, of all his seed. "Fuck if she wasn't a gorgeous fucking hot beauty", he thought.
Phillip slipped out of her and, feeling a bit self-conscious about the whole affair, he hurriedly walked away, his wet dick closed back up in his pants. He just got laid in public. He just got laid and nobody noticed. He just fucked the sweetest prettiest young babe he had ever touched. He was feeling fine, indeed.
Becky zipped up her top and had to pull her tight skirt down over her ass again. With no underwear on she needed to wipe herself off a bit, so she walked to the woman's room. On her way there, another couple of horny young students caught an eyeful of her; her tits bouncing beneath her tight dress.
When she left the woman's room she started to return down an aisle to her desk. The two boys, Genie and Johnny caught her in the aisle and asked her to wait. Johnny went behind her and Genie approached her from the front. Genie, driven by his adolescent horniness and emboldened by the presence of his friend as well as the obviously almost slutty clothes Becky was wearing, asked her, "Hey, what are you hiding beneath that dress?" Becky, in all innocence, responded, "Why, my body of course."
That was all the encouragement he needed. She was not offended nor trying to steer him away so he believed that was a full-blown invitation. Genie reached up and grabbed both of her large tits. He sunk his fingers deep into the full firm flesh of her big bosoms. Becky smiled and gave him all of her attention.
Johnny then slipped her soft knit dress up above her ass to her waist and plunged a finger into her very wet snatch. Genie then quickly pulled her zipper down below her breasts and proceeded to pull his hard cock out of his pants. He was wasting no time, being as horny as a young stud could be. Within just a brief moment or two, he pushed Becky down towards his cock. He wanted her to suck him off right there and then.
Becky's big tits were, once again, dangling loose and free as her lips happily found his cock head. She immediately went about sucking and kissing his cock tip. With her left hand she grabbed him at the base of his cock and began to suck sliding up and down along the length of his shaft. The pressure she put on the base of his cock made his hard-on even harder, much harder. He felt like he was going to burst out of his cock skin, he was so stiff.
Johnny wasted no time either. He quickly freed his cock by just dropping his pants right there and then. He slid his shaft right into her palpitating wet pussy from the rear as he grabbed her right breast to stabilize himself and to pull her into him that much harder. God did he love that feeling of his cock in her pussy and his hand on a full-sized titty!
Within minutes they were all three in a carnal rhythm. Becky's mouth sliding up and down the length of Genie's cock. Genie thrusting his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth following her rhythm, and Johnny, in effect, pushing her mouth onto Genie's cock as he thrust into her from the rear; as he fucked her in the ass, so to speak. In fact, they all three found a perfect synchronous rhythm. They were all three breathing very hard and getting very wet. They were all three panting and even grunting from time to time. They were a beautiful sight as they all rocked back and forth in unison. Becky was feeling some seriously hard cocks in her and it made her so, so wet.
Genie had only had one blowjob in his life and never from such a big-titted lusty young and innocent babe. He all too quickly blew his load, every inch of it, deeply down her welcoming throat as he grunted and panted as quietly as he could. Becky tried to swallow and slurp on every single drop of his love load but, of course, some of it overflowed her mouth and dripped down onto the carpet. Becky slurped him up as best she could though, and loved it.
Johnny, hearing the sounds of Genie's orgasm, pursued his efforts with renewed vigor. He was invading her pussy so deeply that her pelvic bone put pressure on his crotch in such a way that he was building to a climax very very fast. He then also exploded in her, more violently than any orgasm he had ever had in his life. He pumped and pumped into her as deeply and as long as he could. He wanted to get rid of his sperm. He wanted to make her pregnant. He wanted to shoot his seed as deeply into her as humanly possible. And he sure made a good effort at all of that. He felt simply fantastic.
The two boys were fucking satisfied and their minds were blown from what they had just done. Their wet cocks were now out in fresh air again. Becky stood up, still swallowing her large mouthful of warm seed, her breasts jutting outward as firm and swollen as could be after all the attention they had received. Her pussy still fully exposed. The boys just looked at her and continued to drink in the sight of her beautiful body.
After a few minutes of thank you's and even some warm hugs, the boys zipped up and walked away, lost in their own personal reveries.
Becky, for her part, now needed her pussy banged from the front side. She needed direct pressure on her clitty. She wanted it licked and sucked again. She needed a deep, deep orgasm herself so she decided to go visit her boss in his office, just like she did the other day.
Becky first went to the bathroom to tidy up, and dry herself off. She even rinsed her pussy in the faucet and almost got lost fingering her clitty right there and then, but she managed to stop herself. She wanted her pussy nice and clean smelling to see if she could get someone to lick it long and hard.
On the way to Charles's office she passed an open seating area where horny Gary was seated. Gary was an avid collector of Playboy magazines and had to beat off probably 3 times a day just so he could concentrate. He was so insecure that he had never even had sex yet. He did mess around with one girl, but it was the girl who instigated them playing around and she was the one who kissed him. He felt so embarrassed, so much like he had gotten away with something that he shouldn't have, that he ran away afterward. He spent way too much of his time in his room beating off into tee shirts or Kleenex or rubber beat-off sleeves. He could stare at a set of large firm breasts and almost climax just by looking at them. He longed to see a pussy some day, but that had never happened yet.
Now Gary had been eyeballing Becky all afternoon. He was getting a bit tired of his constant 'perving' and as she passed close to his desk he decided to make his move and follow her. When she was in a quiet aisle nearby, Gary approached her and asked for the geography section. He was thinking of the geography of her curvaceous body and not that of the earth, but he had to think of something.
He followed her until Becky announced that this was the geography section. Gary, not being able to restrain himself any longer and coming up to her from the rear, reached around her from either side and placed his hands squarely on her firm breasts saying, "I think I found the mountains section." Becky, of course, did not swat his hands away nor move at all and allowed him full access to squeeze her natural 'mountains'; her nipples immediately becoming swollen.
Feeling totally thrilled in the success of his very forward actions, Gary pushed his cock against her firm round ass. He started pumping against her hipbone, which really began to stimulate his growing erection. Gary kept squeezing her DD breast flesh and even started pinching her protruding nipples. Her breasts seemed to be yearning for attention; for being manhandled and abused! He pumped against her rear more and more forcefully while pinching with great fervor her thick juicy nipples. Becky stared straight ahead and reveled in the feelings of her breasts being massaged; her nipples twisted and tweaked, his very firm hard cock and his youthful arousal.
Gary started moaning and reached up to her neck to slide down her dangling zipper so he could have true access to her completely free and naked breasts. Within seconds her blouse was opened far enough that her breasts did indeed spill out. His right hand latched onto her left breast; his left hand followed. She felt so fucking soft and firm and hot! His every wet dream was right in both his greedy hands. His moaning now was filled with insane pleasure. His hips were pumping forcefully into her ass as his cock got bigger and bigger. He was blind with lust at this point.
Gary kept squeezing and squeezing her DD tits while his cock lubricated his underwear with his precum. Becky instinctively turned around to face him and Gary was then face to face, or should I say face to breast, with her swollen delicious hooters. He quickly bent over and thrust his mouth into her mountains-of-delight, her soft warm tit flesh. He wallowed and slurped and suckled on her thick rubbery nipple as she slid her hand down to cup his throbbing boner. He flicked her nipple and sucked it very hard indeed. He had a human pacifier between his lips and he didn't want to hurt her, but he wanted to suck on her engorged nipple for as long as he could. She stroked and stroked his pulsing fuck stick searching for it's sensitive head. Finally, his grunts got much much louder and he couldn't help it any longer. He blew his load in an intense and forceful climax against her willing hand. His pants were soaked. Becky's hand could feel his wet love juice. His heart was throbbing. This was the best orgasm he had ever had in his life. He kept pumping and pumping until he had no more juice to spew. He felt so fucking good. He was happy as fucking hell!
Gary leaned backwards after his groping and intense orgasm. He had a shit-eating grin on his face and was spent of all his seed. "You're sooo beautiful." he told her. "Sooo fucking beautiful." Becky's breasts still jutting outward, she gave him a very wet kiss right on his lips. She was so horny and so happy she had pleased yet again another young man. Slowly she closed her zipper and continued walking towards her boss's office.
Finally, Becky came to Charles's office and gently knocked on his door. Her clitty was dying for attention after all the repeated attention she had received this afternoon and her nipples were rock hard and jutting outward within her tight dress from all the attention they had just gotten. They stuck outward like headlights and Becky even trembled a bit with anticipation of what was to come.
Charles was working on some budget numbers for the library as Becky entered. She asked if she could speak with him about the new software he had her work on. Charles certainly noticed and appreciated her tantalizing attributes, her full soft jiggling hooters as she approached his desk. Staring openly at her chest and her jutting tits so scandalously displayed in her tight-fitting blouse, Charles stammered, "May I help you Becky? Do you need any help with your software?" In his head, he appreciated the double-entendre of his 'software' comment while viewing her braless soft tits but he was certain she did not catch it. Charles was still seated as Becky came around to his side of the desk. She then, coyly, actually sat up on the corner of his desk, continuing to point her chest directly at his hungry eyes. She actually plopped her wonderful round ass right up on his desk as if she was presenting herself to him.
This put her pussy only about 2 feet away from his lips. Becky told him that she really appreciated learning the new software system for the library. She told him that he was a good teacher and she felt very comfortable using it and liked working with him. She placed her left hand down on the desk, distracting his attention slightly, as she slightly raised herself up off the desk just slightly enough so that her right hand could slide her dress up almost onto her hips; just enough to begin to expose her moist hungry pussy. She pretended that she had done nothing at all and continued to praise her boss.
Charles's eyes had fallen away from her womanly charms, away from her jutting bosoms and cast his gaze down toward her pearly treasure, her palpitating young pussy. As she spoke he didn't hear a word she said. He was literally drinking in her nubile body so very close to him. A body that had all the things a man could want; large firm breasts, thin delicate limbs, puffy young cock sucking lips, nicely rounded hips, and now a partially exposed moist young pussy.
Charles almost instinctively raised his left hand up onto her naked thigh and slid it towards her jewel box. Becky paused her speech as his fingers began to trace the curves of her thigh. She looked down and as his hand continued to slide upward until it made contact with her moist labia; her willing pussy lips. Bingo, this was just what Becky wanted. His fingers gently flicked and rubbed her large willing pussy lips as she moistened in anticipation.
Becky slid a bit more onto the desk all the way over closer to his chair and spread her legs open wider. This slid her dress higher up onto her hips completely exposing and allowing unrestricted access to her pussy. Charles was acting without thinking. He had forgotten he even had a loving wife. He was captured by her youthful willing beauty. And then, his lips acting almost with a will of their own, he descended towards her pussy. He slid off his chair with his knees hitting the ground as his arm reached behind her ass and his lips dove into her treasured wetness. His lips went wild, lapping and licking and slurping. Her pussy tasted so very very sweet.
Becky was beside herself with pleasure. This was such a new feeling for her. This was what she wanted and it felt so incredibly wonderful. Her heart, her belly, her breasts, her nipples and her lovely labia were all rejoicing in this direct stimulation to her young erect clitoris. She involuntarily said, "Yes, oh please, yes!" as Charles lapped at her and sucked on her little nubbin. This sucking action was what set her off the most of all the things she had felt today. She had no idea what he was doing but the licking felt just so wonderful. The sucking on her clitty sent her into a mind-numbing dreamland. He could tell she was heating up and doing a good job on her. He sunk his fingers more firmly into her round ass, into her thin hips and round booty. He wanted a firm grip on her so he could eat her out firmly and with passion. Charles was determined to lick her to an orgasm she was so fucking beautiful.
Becky now leaned back, placing one hand behind her and the other stroking Charles's head as he ate her out like there was no tomorrow. "Yes, oh yes!" she said as her juices began to flow and wet his face. Charles loved this unexpected seduction; her youthful libido and perfect body. He kept up at his work lapping her love juices as he excited her to ecstatic levels. "Yes!!!" she screamed, "Yes!" as she then had her first of a series of climaxes. She drenched his face with her love juice, which inspired him to continue lapping lick a puppy dog. Within minutes she climaxed for a second, then a third time, quietly screaming as her heartbeat raced and her body quivered. He did it, she thought. She got what she needed. Becky almost collapsed.
Charles held onto her knowing that she would be weak at the knees, so to speak. Feeling a tremendously erect woody in his pants, he quickly unbuckled himself and released his throbbing hard cock. He wasn't sure if he should fuck this willing young pussy or what, but Becky had a fine idea. She slid off the desk, turned around and laid her chest down, jutting her pussy at him. Her legs were again spread wide open, her pussy glistening. Becky was thinking, "Fuck my pussy or Fuck my ass, but please Fuck me!!!" She didn't have to wait long for Charles to make his approach.
Charles had never fucked any woman in the asshole, but he sure loved how deeply he could penetrate a woman by doing her from the rear, doggystyle. He knew how fucking a woman's pussy from the rear applied pressure to one's groin in such a way that these orgasms were some of the deepest he'd ever experienced.
With such a gaping invitation, her legs spread wide, Charles unceremoniously shoved his cock into her with such force that Becky gasped. He grabbed her by her love hips and kept pounding and pounding into her pussy. He pulled her tightly into him, then backed out slightly, then rammed back into her as forcefully as he could.
Becky began to whimper. Becky began to gasp. Charles was building up very fast to an amazing afternoon release. He slammed her. He pounded her pussy with no regard for any noise or impropriety they might be making. One of his hands slid up her side to grasp her breast. He found her large thick nipple and, as he began to pinch it roughly, he exploded into a loud grunting orgasm. He pumped his jism into her hungry pussy over and over again. He must have ejaculated into her with a dozen shooting spurts. He had never had such a long orgasm. He had never spilled so much seed into anyone. He filled her belly up so much he wouldn't be surprised if his cum came up out of her mouth. But of course, all that came out of her mouth was a long orgasmic grunting and gasping for air. It was all new to her, all this fucking she was getting, but Becky loved getting fucked up the backside. She loved doing doggy.
Becky then continued to lay on his desk, limp, exhausted and satisfied. As Charles regained his composure, he adjusted his clothes and thanked her in so many polite ways that she was sure she wanted to fuck him again real soon. She liked him very much, whether he was married or not. She now knew that he not only loved her breasts, but that he could eat out her pussy in a very special and wondrous way.
Soon after all her romps at the library, her shift came to an end so Becky headed home. God only knows how many overly shy students who packed the reading room within sight of her, had thoroughly wet their pants jerking themselves off gawking at her. It was the brave, or desperate ones, that approached her and they were the ones that got the rewards.
Becky was going home to meet her sister for dinner. She wanted to introduce her to Chris, her nice neighbor. Or at least, that was what he suggested she do. She hoped her sister would like him just as much as she did.