Barbara was wearing a black shirt that night that was almost see through enough to make out her nipples if you looked hard enough through the embroidered birds and lace and whatnot. She unbuttoned it enough so her tits were practically flopping out. She pulled on her shortest cut offs over red panties. Was she over doing it? Maybe a little. But tonight was her 30th birthday. Her friends were coming over to her house so it's not like she had to walk through Grand Central Station half naked. Maybe to the liquor store, tops.
Barbara was walking around the house making last minute finishing touches to the decorations, finally climbing a ladder and hanging a string of old fashioned Christmas lights with real bulbs. It brightened the dark living room even though it wasn't close to Christmas. It was warm. She put away the ladder, opened her laptop and started playing some music from Pandora: a station she made that was mostly dirty rap songs. "The Humpty Dance" sounded good in the new speakers she bought herself as a present.
The doorbell rang. The first people were here. It was Dan and Maggie from next door.
"Hi you guys! Thanks for coming. You're the first ones here. It makes sense though, right, since you're only coming from next door."
Maggie and Barbara kissed on the lips.
"We brought champagne", Maggie said. "Can we open it now? I'm really thirsty."
"Yeah, let me get the cork screw". Barbara took the bottle to her wet bar and dug through a little drawer, pulling out a cork screw and quickly popping the champagne. She poured them each a glass and brought them over to Maggie and Dan. "Cheers!"
"Happy birthday, Barbara. What are you now, 23, 24?"
"Dan, you mother fucking son of a bitch. You know I'm 30. You don't have to tell everyone tonight at the party though. It can be our secret. Just between us, ok?"
"Whatever, Barbara. PS, I brought a joint if you want to smoke it with us. Do you want to go outside?" Maggie pulled the joint out of her little red sequined purse that matched her short red sequined dress. Dan was wearing a light colored suit and a black tie. They stepped into the patio. Maggie lit the joint and passed it to Barbara. "Are you going to turn this on tonight?" Maggie asked, splashing her hand through the hot tub.
"If anyone wants to get in." Barbara flipped a switch and a light at the bottom turned on, changing colors every few seconds.
"I do." Maggie said and took her dress off in a nanosecond. She was wearing a rainbow colored bikini under it. She stepped out of her high heels. Dan handed Maggie the joint.
"Are you wearing a bikini under your suit too, Dan?" Barbara asked half sarcastically.
"No, just my underwear. Boxer briefs."
"Go for it. I might get in later."
Dan said ok and took his clothes off.
He stood in his underwear next to Barbara who finished the joint. Maggie and Dan climbed into the hot tub. Barbara got a better look at them in the light before turning on the bubbles. She heard the doorbell ring and went to answer it.
Barbara pulled the heavy wood door open to reveal another couple, Charlie and JoAnne. She is a six foot blonde European model and he is a geeky tech millionaire. They were both very casual wearing matching jeans and white t shirts.
"Happy birthday, bitch!" yelled JoAnne with a Scandinavian accent. Charlie grabbed Barbara's hands and kissed her on the cheek then in the lips. Charlie repeated his wife's line: "Happy birthday, bitch. We brought some wine."
Barbara opened it and before she could turn around several more people arrived. It was Kevin from work and he brought several girls that Barbara had never seen before. They seem to have been pre-gaming.
"Yo, we just came from that strip club, Dames! Happy birthday but yo, have you ever been down there to Dames? That shit is nuts!"
"You're nuts, Kevin."
Barbara turned her attention back to JoAnne and Charlie who stopped kissing when they noticed Barbara watching.
"Don't stop because of me."
JoAnne took the hint and returned to licking each other's tongues and sat down on the couch. Barbara sat next to them and drank her wine. It was delicious.
Barbara took her glass to the sink and went to get towels. She had to go upstairs.
Should I put on a swimsuit? Why not.
She put on a green one piece and went back downstairs.
She waved at JoAnne and Charlie who were still lovey dovey on the couch. Barbara changed the music to her Shakira station, then walked out the back door to her patio. Too bad this place didn't have a big yard but this was fun. She ran into Kevin who is a big guy. His girlfriends were taking shots of tequila.
Dan and Maggie were still in the hot tub.
"Mind if I join you? I brought towels."
Barbara climbed in just as the bubbles stopped. The water was really hot. There was silence as they all took a minute to relax. Barbara played with the straps of her swim suit, pulling them down until her boobs were almost out but not quite. She opened her eyes and noticed almost everyone was staring.
"Sorry."
"I'll show you mine if you show yours" Maggie said and then stared at her boyfriend. He raised his eyebrows.
Barbara pulled down her suit and flashed them her breasts for a minute and then pulled it back up.
"Your turn Maggie", Barbara said.
Dan unfastened the bra top and Maggie pulled it all the way off.
Dan said, "Nice".
"Your turn Dan. Show us your package."
"Seriously?"
"You have to. It's my birthday."
"If you insist." He pulled down his underwear halfway down his legs but stayed underwater.
"Stand up, we have to see it. I'm the birthday girl."
Dan stood up and Maggie playfully pulled on his penis. He was getting a boner. He sat back in the water and pulled his underwear back on.
"Show us your pussy, Barbara" Dan said.
"Ok".
Barbara sat on the edge of the spa and pulled the front of her suit to the side, giving everyone a beaver shot. The hair on her crotch was starting to grow back from being shaved.
Maggie half jokingly leaned in and gave her pussy a lick.
"On that note, I'm going to get a drink." Barbara stood up and half heartedly put her swimsuit back in place and walked inside.
Barbara was still running her fingers through the crotch of her swimsuit, mainly to straighten it out and give herself some modesty, but also because she was getting horny and she liked touching herself.
She walked inside and saw John standing there. They had dated off and on but not in almost a year. Her hand froze halfway inside her swimsuit. There was an awkward pause before she pulled it out and away to shake John's hand with it.
"I didn't think you Barbara pulled the heavy wood door open to reveal another couple, Charlie and JoAnne. She is a six foot blonde European model and he is a geeky tech millionaire. They were both very casual wearing matching jeans and white t shirts.
"Happy birthday, bitch!" yelled JoAnne with a Scandinavian accent. Charlie grabbed Barbara's hands and kissed her on the cheek then in the lips. Charlie repeated his wife's line: "Happy birthday, bitch. We brought some wine."
Barbara opened it and before she could turn around several more people arrived. It was Kevin from work and he brought several girls that Barbara had never seen before. They seem to have been pre-gaming.
"Yo, we just came from that strip club, Dames! Happy birthday but yo, have you ever been down there to Dames? That shit is nuts!"
"You're nuts, Kevin."
Barbara turned her attention back to JoAnne and Charlie who stopped kissing when they noticed Barbara watching.
"Don't stop because of me."
JoAnne took the hint and returned to licking each other's tongues and sat down on the couch. Barbara sat next to them and drank her wine. It was delicious.
Barbara took her glass to the sink and went to get towels. She had to go upstairs.
Should I put on a swimsuit? Why not.
She put on a green one piece and went back downstairs.
She waved at JoAnne and Charlie who were still lovey dovey on the couch. Barbara changed the music to her Shakira station, then walked out the back door to her patio. Too bad this place didn't have a big yard but this was fun. She ran into Kevin who is a big guy. His girlfriends were taking shots of tequila.
Dan and Maggie were still in the hot tub.
"Mind if I join you? I brought towels."
Barbara climbed in just as the bubbles stopped. The water was really hot. There was silence as they all took a minute to relax. Barbara played with the straps of her swim suit, pulling them down until her boobs were almost out but not quite. She opened her eyes and noticed almost everyone was staring.
"Sorry."
"I'll show you mine if you show yours" Maggie said and then stared at her boyfriend. He raised his eyebrows.
Barbara pulled down her suit and flashed them her breasts for a minute and then pulled it back up.
"Your turn Maggie", Barbara said.
Dan unfastened the bra top and Maggie pulled it all the way off.
Dan said, "Nice".
"Your turn Dan. Show us your package."
"Seriously?"
"You have to. It's my birthday."
"If you insist." He pulled down his underwear halfway down his legs but stayed underwater.
"Stand up, we have to see it. I'm the birthday girl."
Dan stood up and Maggie playfully pulled on his penis. He was getting a boner. He sat back in the water and pulled his underwear back on.
"Show us your pussy, Barbara" Dan said.
"Ok".
Barbara sat on the edge of the spa and pulled the front of her suit to the side, giving everyone a beaver shot. The hair on her crotch was starting to grow back from being shaved.
Maggie half jokingly leaned in and gave her pussy a lick.
"On that note, I'm going to get a drink." Barbara stood up and half heartedly put her swimsuit back in place and walked inside. coming."
"And miss out on rubbing this in your face?"
"Rubbing what in my face?"
"That you're still six years older than I am."
"Oh, I thought you wanted to rub your dick in my face."
They both laughed.
"How is your dick these days?"
John pulled his tight jeans away from his waist and looked down at his dick.
Barbara leaned over and looked down too. He unzipped his jeans. His dick was still in his underwear but it was coming out of his jeans. Barbara grabbed a handful over his underwear.
"It's good to see you, too." he said.
They kissed. She used her tongue.
"This is my date, Jane."
Jane was a stunning Asian woman wearing a men's button down shirt as a dress. Several buttons were left unbuttoned. She wasn't wearing a bra.
"Nice to meet you" Jane said politely.
John's bulge was still hanging out of his jeans.
"Do you have a pool?" Jane asked, ignoring the elephant in the room.
"No, just a hot tub, do you want to try it? I have some extra bathing suits if you want to put one on. John can just go in his underwear, right John?"
"Whatever you guys say."
They walked upstairs to Barbara's room and left the door open. Barbara dumped out her swimsuit drawer onto the bed. There were a lot to choose from
"I like this." Jane said, holding up a skimpy white one piece bodysuit.She took her clothes off, stripping naked in front of them. John followed suit and took his jeans and t shirt off. Jane stepped into the suit. It didn't fit right. She had a longer torso than Barbara. It really stretched out more than it was supposed to. "I love it" Jane said and offered to buy it.
"You can have it. I haven't worn it since last year when I went on a cruise. It was a singles cruise. I may have had sex while wearing it."
"I hope it doesn't have cum stains on it" John chimed in, now in his purple boxer briefs and black socks.
Jane's tits were falling out the sides. The straps were getting stretched out.
"Yeah I really love this suit. Please let me buy it from you."
"Ok, twenty bucks." Jane got $20 out of her purse and handed it to Barbara. They all stood up from the bed. "Let's get in the hot tub!" Barbara strongly suggested.
"Yay!" Jane said, raising her arms as they walked down stairs together.
Barbara brought a six pack of Coronas from the kitchen. JoAnne and Charlie were now joined by others on the couch. Some of them Barbara knew and others she introduced herself. She made her way outside and found the hot tub now almost too crowded. It was standing room only. She climbed in and found herself standing, literally squeezed between John and Jane. She could feel both of their bodies rubbing against her. Maggie and Dan were seated across from them with the couple's eye level staring at their crotches. Maggie was still topless. Barbara introduced them to Jane and John, giving everyone a beer.
"I sold her this suit" Barbara said to Maggie.
Jane's new bathing suit was really a bodysuit and became transparent when wet.
"You didn't tell me it was see through". Jane gasped a little.
"Sorry. It looks good though." said Barbara, ever the fantastic saleswoman.
Jane's bush was visible now through the transparent bodysuit.
"Looks good to me" John said. "Let's play truth or dare. I dare Jane and Barbara to kiss."
Barbara looked at Jane. "So we're doing this now? Well if he dared us, I guess we have to do it, right?" sarcastically.
"Yeah, right?" responded Jane, in the voice of an airhead character she just made up.
They went to town kissing each other, using lots of tongue. Jane palmed Barbara's left breast before they broke off the kiss.
"I dare Dan and John to kiss on the lips." Barbara demanded.
They gave each other a meek peck.
It was John's turn.
"Barbara, I dare you and Jane to finger each other for one minute."
Barbara and gave each other a look that said "what the hell" and Barbara pulled the top apart to expose Jane's tits to everyone. They were medium size. "Hey, that wasn't part of it!" Jane screamed.
Barbara did her best motorboating and sucked in a nipple before she reached down and unzipped the crotch of the bodysuit she sold Jane. Jane returned the favor pushing the green swimsuit out of the way, then rubbing Barbara's pussy with her middle finger, eventually pushing it inside her vagina.
"I'm starting the clock now, ok?" John chimed in.
They both added second and then third fingers, going faster and in time with each other and the song that was playing..
"That feels great. Don't stop."
"Happy birthday" replied Jane.
They kissed each other more. Jane pulled Barbara's top down on one side and sucked her nipple."
"Ok, time" Dan said.
"Can we get in on this?" Maggie asked a little desperately.
Barbara thought for a second as Jane stepped away and got out.
"I need to refill my wine." She didn't really try to fix her outfit as she walked inside to get more vino.
"Ok, I thought about it. Maggie, I dare you to stand between Dan and John. She did what Barbara said.
"Now put your left hand in Dan's underwear."
"Ok, now what?"
"Put your other hand in John's and play with their dicks at the same time for one minute."
"Ok" Maggie said and started doing it. She started fondling their cocks and balls and had both of their dicks out. She was really getting into it, squeezing their balls and pulling on their penises. She kept holding on to them but was able to take turns grinding her ass against both of their growing hard dicks.
"My turn." Jane said, getting back in with a full bottle of champagne. "I dare Barbara to suck John's dick for one minute.
Barbara stood in front of him. She reached down and put her hand in his red underwear.
Jane asked if he was hard. Barbara nodded. Jane said "Do it!" and Barbara did, pulling down his underwear and putting his cock in her mouth. She went up and down on it enthusiastically.
Jane called time, possibly before the minute was really up. Barbara kept going for a few more seconds and then stood up. John managed to get the boxer briefs back on.
"Ok, my turn" Barbara said. "I dare John to put his penis in your pussy for one minute."
Jane took her new bodysuit all the way off and sat on the edge of the hot tub. It didn't take long to get it going inside of Jane, who is something of a moaner. He started to pump slow, then faster. People were gathering around to watch. A few people came outside as the word spread what was happening. Everyone is getting randy.
John kept pumping harder. He and Janewere both having an orgasm. He pulled out and jizzed on her tits before she took his dick in her mouth and sucked out his remaining cum.
Barbara took control of the game. "Maggie, lick the jizz."
Maggie did what Barbara said without comment. She licked it off Jane's tits like a cat. Jane pulled down Maggie's bikini bottoms and licked Maggie downstairs, pushing her tongue in as far as she could.
John was pretending to dance but mostly it was an excuse to rub his dick on Barbara's ass. They were both still covering their genitals for the moment. But John pulled Barbara's suit almost all the way off. She kept grinding herself against his dick. They kissed for the first time in over a year. He pulled his dick out and slapped Barbara's ass with it. She kept dancing up against him, then she reached down and helped his dick enter her moist vagina.
It didn't take long for John to cum again. He didn't pull out.
"Dan, show me your dick!" Barbara yelled. Dan pulled it out and walked over to them.
"Slap my ass with it!"
Dan followed the instructions.
John had pulled out of Barbara and Jane and Maggie began sucking his dick together. He just came twice so he was pretty spent.
Jane said in a stage whisper, "Do you think you can get it up one more time? I'll let you fuck me in the ass."
"I mean I'll try but I'm not making any promises." Jane and Maggie were still fucking him with their mouths.
Barbara got out and went upstairs. She peeled off the remains of her bathing suit while under the shower faucet. She gave herself a douche and came out of the shower, putting on a very short red silk Japanese robe.
Barbara walked down the stairs to find Kevin's girlfriends dancing together as Joanne and Mike were watching and cuddling.The three girls: one black, one white and one Asian were getting low. Everyone thought it was hilarious. Barbara joined in and it didn't take everyone long to figure out she was naked under her robe as it came more and more untied and loose.
Out of solidarity, the other women took their shirts off. They all kept their bras on though, which really left little to the imagination.
Mike tried to get Joanne to go along but she said she didn't want to because she wasn't wearing a bra. But she took her jeans off and took off Mike's t-shirt before they both joined in dancing. She put her hand in the front of his pants and made sure the other girls noticed.
Mike was into it. Joanne's hand stayed inside Mike's jeans as he hugged her and squeezed her ass. She returned the favor to his penis. Mike put his hands inside her panties, to better squeeze her ass and let his fingers wander. Joanne pulled his dick out of his jeans.
The girls showed their approval by taking their bras off and dancing closer to the couple. Mike pulled Joanne's panties down more and rubbed his finger along her shaved pussy as she continued giving him a public hand-job.
The three girls were all wearing jeans and kept up their impressive dancing.
Barbara, not to be outdone, untied her robe and danced as good as anyone
Kevin came out of the bathroom pulling up his pants. The smell of shit wafted out the door of the bathroom. No one noticed.
Barbara and the white girl in Kevin's entourage started dancing together very close until they were holding each other.
The other two girls danced together and held onto the waist of the other's jeans. The black girl unbuttoned the Asian girl's jeans enough to show she didn't wear underwear and also didn't shave her pubes lately. The black girl rubbed her fingers through her friend's bush.
Barbara followed their lead and unbuttoned her new friend's jeans. Then she pulled them off, leaving her wearing a skimpy thong. Then Barbara took the thong off. Then she started performing oral sex. She looked over and saw Mike's penis going in and out of Joanne on the couch. Things were getting pretty horny.
John came in the back door and lofted Barbara's kimono over her ass. He rubbed his dick until he was hard and and started fucking Barbara doggy style while she kept eating out the girl whose name she still didn't know.
The other two nameless girls were sucking their friend Kevin's dick. Jane was standing against the wall, naked, fingering herself, smoking a cigarette.
Suddenly there was a loud knock at the door. Jane was closest to the door. Barbara said, "Open it."
It was two LAPD officers. A man and woman.
The cops grabbed Jane and cuffed her hands behind her back. The female cop grabbed her ass. Jane kept smoking.
Her name tag said RAMIREZ. She looked around the room. "Cool party... wasn't that Arnold Swarzenneger's line in that Batman movie?"
ROBERTSON thought about it. "Which one was that? 'Batman and Robin'? Where everyone had rubber nipples on their costumes?"
"Yeah but I don't think it's 'Batman and Robin'. I think it's called 'Batman Forever'. With Alicia Silverstone is Batgirl. And George Clooney was the Batman, right? And Robin is in it but it's not called 'Batman and Robin'.
RAMIREZ continued, "so what's going on here, guys? Are we swingers? Are y'all making some kind of porno?... Can we be in it? Mike, you like pornos, right?"
"I guess so."
"What kind of porn you like?"
"Lap dances that go too far, that kind of stuff."
"Oh yeah, like it was an accident, right? (In a funny voice) I don't know what happened."