It was a beautiful, hot summer's day and I was up for some fun. So was she. Dressed in a short, white, floaty skirt and a tight, light blue halter neck top with her favourite high-heeled sandals my wife looked stunning. She came down the stairs that morning and instantly gave me a hard on. She's slim but curvy with long dark hair. Her lovely nipples stood out hard through her thin top.
"What do you want to do today?" she asked with a sexy smile.
"How about a drive to the country, then a walk?" I suggested.
"Great," she agreed.
We took her car, but I drove. The roof was down, the breeze keeping us cool.
My wife is an exhibitionist; I love it! That day, as we drove along the motorway she showed her exhibitionist streak. I was looking at her lovely, tanned legs and she knew it. She started teasing me.
"Would you like to see a bit more?" she questioned.
"Sure," I readily agreed.
She gave my hard cock a quick rub through my shorts before suggestively sliding her skirt further up her legs.
"Any more?" she asked.
"Go ahead."
The tops of her shapely thighs were visible and I was looking forward to seeing which tiny knickers she was wearing today. With one eye on the road and one on her crotch I watched as she lifted her skirt further.
Oh my God, I couldn't believe it. She wasn't wearing any knickers! She sat there smiling innocently, her shaved pussy on view. It looked good, very good and tasty. I heard a horn and looked to the left. We were slowly passing a lorry. It seemed the driver also appreciated the view. I could see him grinning from his cab.
"You are such a naughty tease!" I admonished.
"So tell me you don't love it," she dared.
"Not a chance!"
She then proceeded to put her feet up on the dash board and started to finger her beautiful cunt. She received several more admiring beeps as her fingers probed her hot hole. She offered her wet fingers up to my mouth. I licked off her juices hungrily, thinking of later when I would lick them out of her myself.
She was starting to moan as her fingers explored her most intimate area even more deeply. As she rubbed hard on her clit I reached out to grasp one of her erect nipples. I rolled it between my fingers and she moaned louder. Her head was back, eyes closed and back arched and she came noisily.
"Oh yes, oh yes," she moaned. "I can't wait to have your cock inside me," she exclaimed breathlessly.
"Don't worry," I said. "I'll make such you get a great fuck," I said.
We turned off the motorway and drove a while longer before we reached our destination. A beautiful forest we loved to walk in, especially on a hot day like today when the tall, ancient trees gave shady relief from the harsh sun.
Sitting at a table in the small café, eating lunch, I noticed a guy a few tables away staring at my wife across the nearly empty room. She was totally oblivious to his admiration, busy flirting with me, pulling her skirt high over her smooth thighs and leaning forward giving me a nice view down her top.
"Great view," I said. She giggled as I started stroking her legs under the table. The guy had a good view of what I was doing. I pushed my hand right under her skirt and rubbed my finger along her slit, feeling her wetness.
"Aah!" She bit her lip trying to control her desire. I withdrew my finger and licked off her juices while looking over at the guy and smiling , acknowledging his admiration. He looked a little embarrassed at being caught watching but didn't turn away.
"Come on, time for a walk," I said pulling her to her feet.
We entered the forest, walking along one of the marked paths. We made slow progress, her high heels not exactly the right footwear for a long walk but we were in no hurry.
"I'd love to fuck you here," I declared after we'd been walking for a while, voicing the plan I'd had in my mind all day.
"Oh, really?" she questioned, raising her eyebrows and giggling. "That would be naughty!" she said.
She turned to me and we kissed passionately. I slid my hand down her back and over her curvy ass pulling her against my hardening cock.
"Ok, let's do it," she grinned, a sexy glint in her eyes.
"Down here." I led her off the path. "Careful," I warned, conscious of her unsuitable footwear on the uneven ground.
We came across a tree larger than the rest. Around the far side we would nearly be hidden from view of the path. I pushed her against the tree and kissed her long and hard, her lips soft against mine. She pulled me close to her, my stiffening cock pressing against her taut belly.
God, I wanted her so bad; to feel my cock sliding into her hot, hungry pussy would be heaven. I pushed up her top to reveal her juicy, full tits. Her pink nipples were already hard as I took one greedily in my mouth, teasing it with my tongue.
"Oh, wow, that's amazing," she sighed. I took hold of her other nipple and rolled it between my finger and thumb. Having both her nipples receiving attention always makes her wild and she didn't disappoint this time either.
"Oh, God, yes, fuck me, please fuck me now!" she begged.
She started to undo my shorts.
"Not just yet." I pushed her hand away; although I was desperate for her touch I wanted to tease her, make her wait. I continued to tease both nipples. As she moaned with pleasure and longing I knew her pussy must be as wet as anything and the sensations building inside her would be divine. With my free hand I ran my hand up her thigh, pushing up her skirt. I could feel the heat emanating from within her before I reached her succulent pussy lips. I stroked my fingers over them and let out a brief moan, not able to wait much longer to be inside her.
I knelt down before her and, holding her skirt up with one hand, I brought my mouth to her beautiful pussy. I slid my tongue over her swollen lips, then entered her causing her to squeal out loud. I caressed her clit with my tongue and as I plunged two fingers into her she came loudly. Even though we were nearly hidden from the path I was sure her cries could easily be heard. I was proven right when I saw the guy from the café approaching. She was totally oblivious; her eyes were closed, her head back , recovering from her orgasm. I signalled for him to be quiet and to stay where he was for now.
"So you want me to fuck you now?" I asked.
"Oh yes, do it now," she moaned. We kissed again and she undid my shorts to free my throbbing cock. Knowing that someone was about to see me fuck my beautiful wife, knowing that they would wish they were in my position, was making me especially horny, my cock harder than ever.
She rubbed her hand up and down my length for a minute while we kissed and I fondled her nipples. I put my hands under her ass and lifted her up onto my shaft. She wrapped her slender legs around me and I started pounding her hard against the tree. She had her eyes closed and was breathing heavily.
"Does that feel good, babe?" I asked.
"Oh yes, God, it feels so good. I love being fucked!"
"You look amazing," I told her as her beautiful tits bounced in rhythm with my movements. I looked over at the guy. He was slowly wanking his huge cock. He was a couple of inches bigger than my 7 inches and I knew she would love to feel him inside her too. I signalled for him to come closer. She opened her eyes at the sound of him approaching. A look of shock, then excitement spread across her face as she noticed the size of him.
"I would love to have that cock!" she smiled at me.
"Taste it," I told her.
I pulled out of her and she knelt down in front of his huge cock. It was so horny watching her as she slid her tongue up his length before wrapping her beautiful lips around him and taking him deep into her mouth. She is great at sucking cock and this guy must have been feeling amazing as she slid her mouth up and down his hard shaft. He moaned as he looked down at her.
I knelt down behind her and fed my cock into her pussy again. It was even wetter than before, no doubt sucking this guy off in the middle of the forest was turning her on even more. Her moans were lost on his cock as I caressed her clit. She was really enjoying the taste of his cock alternately licking over his head and down over his balls before taking him into her mouth again. I could have watched her sucking him all day but my balls were near to bursting point and I wanted to hold off a little longer. I thrust deep into her one last time before withdrawing.
"She's all yours," I said to the guy.
She stood up and smiled at him one hand still stroking his cock.
"God, you've got great tits," he told her.
"Suck them while you fuck me," said my slutty wife.
She lay down on the ground, lifted her skirt and spread her legs for him. She had such an innocent smile on her face but her eyes gleamed wickedly. He knelt between her legs, ran his hands up her smooth thighs and rubbed his fingers over her clit before putting two fingers inside her juicy cunt. He lined his cock up with her hole and slowly fed it into her inch by inch. She held her breath as she felt him entering deep into her.
"How does it feel to have his big cock in you?" I asked her.
"Bloody amazing," she gasped as he started pumping her hard.
He grasped one breast with his hand and rubbed her nipple then licked her other hardened bud before taking it in his mouth and sucking it.
"Oh, yes," she moaned beneath him.
I knelt down at her head and offered her my cock covered in her pussy juices which she took eagerly into her mouth, licking and sucking me greedily. It was fantastic. My beautiful wife looked so amazingly slutty lying there, my throbbing cock in her mouth, a stranger's huge cock buried deep in her hot pussy. Her ecstasy showed on her face as she came hard around his cock screaming with pleasure. I couldn't hold on any longer, I spurted my load into her mouth groaning with the immense pleasure of release.
The guy continued to fuck her for a few more seconds before pulling out of her and spurting his cum all over her tits, gasping with lust. She lay there, eyes closed, covered in his cum with mine running out of her mouth.
"That was fucking fantastic, thanks," he said, pulling his shorts back on. He left, walking through the trees back to the path.
I helped her to her feet, pushed her back against the tree and kissed her passionately.
"So you enjoyed that then?" I asked.
"Well, maybe a little," she teased, smiling at me.
"Come on, admit it, you loved his big cock fucking you."
"Don't know what you mean," she laughed.
I started to tickle her soon I was lying on top of her, my cock stirring again.
"Stop, stop!" she begged. I continued to tickle her until she gave in.
"Ok, ok, yes, I loved it, I loved tasting his cock..." I stopped tickling her. "His cock felt fantastic fucking me, I loved being covered in his spunk!"
I pressed against her, kissed her and couldn't wait to get her home for some more fun.