"LET ME IN."
Heidi Baker's silver bullet was terrorizing her beyond belief. Her much older roommate Zach had literally installed it up inside her, then took the remote to his bedroom. That was even before he realized that Heidi's step sister Kayla and her Hindi friend Nastiya were awaiting him in his bed. All a potential scam to drive Zach bonkers, it turned into something more. Heidi was just being left out of the loop behind locked doors. Every few minutes the buzzing between her legs silenced to give her a chance to catch her breath. Only then did Heidi hear moaning from Zach's room. Hugging the door, ear directly against the wood she listened with an expression of loss. That was definitely her sisters moan. Was Zach really fucking her? It was meant to be a joke. Obviously the joke was on Heidi. Kayla was getting lucky in some fashion.
She knew her sister had desires to be with Zach, her attraction to older men was evident. After watching Zach masturbate in front of them last night Kayla had 24 hours to decide on whether to have sex with him or just wait until she was ready. Obviously, Kayla was ready.
Within the bedroom Zach Pedigo had crawled into bed between the girls and drew them in toward his armpits to cuddle. He knew both girls liked spooning with him. Once settled in he kissed their foreheads and said, "Make me happy."
Hands prowled over his body at his suggestion, roaming literally everywhere, both of their hands ending on his dick to build his erection. Nastiya began kissing his chest and licking at his right pectoral. Seeing her friend eager to please, Kayla stepped up her game and began her own kissing. She however went straight for Zach's lips, a memory of their making out yesterday fueled her desires. As he enjoyed the attention Zach lifted his arm and triggered the remote. Even from his bed he heard a howl outside. The loud yelp drew Kayla away from their kiss just long enough to listen and grin.
"What did you do to Heidi?"
"Remote controlled vibrator. She's a trooper. I expect her to take it out even after I told her to leave it in."
"You..put a vibrator in her...pussy?"
"Yep. Should I buy you two one?"
"I would most wear it." Nasty smiled with amazing brown eyes, the remainder of her expression studying him.
"Come payday I'll get you both one and we can start a symphony."
"Wow! Listen to Heidi wail. "Kayla pauses to consider her sister's persona, "I bet she leaves it in."
"You two need to start howling also. Don't let her have all the fun." He peels away from them and turns in bed, rising to his knees. "Scoot closer together." At his direction while patting their legs to prompt movement, the two best friends shift over hip to hip. The second skin touched skin the girls looked at each other with mild reservation. They had never been naked this close to one another in their two years of friendship. Goosebumps carried their weight.
Once he had the girls close together with just enough room to plant one of his knees between the parted legs of their unified effort, Zach licked his fingers. Moving both hands down between their thighs he rubbed both pussies a bit to excite them, seconds later his fingers pushed forward and entered two scalding, hot young cunts. Nasty in particular lightly squirted over his knuckle, his invasion sparking a squeal of delight. Kayla? She had a fear still. As much as she wanted Zach, he was her sisters roommate. So wrong, so right, tormented her thoughts. She swiftly put that fear behind her as her sister cried out from an orgasm. It was then that Zach, whom had the tiny remote between his lips pressing the button relaxed it, now held aloft between his teeth for future reference. Kayla found him amazing. He was actually keeping all three girls moaning vividly. Hearts pounded at his stare. They knew he was determined to bring them all to climax after climax.
Outside the bedroom, Heidi while sitting on the floor soaked her boy shorts. Gushing so heavily in her orgasm that she found them uncomfortable. Fingers still rubbing her clit with a hesitant touch due to a nerve attacking sensitivity trembled. Eyes that were rolled back find reality long enough for her to comprehend her situation. Panting, she lifted her hips and removed those soggy shorts and threw them at Zach's door as if punishing him, her pout bordering on tantrum. Hearing both girls moaning hard she crawled to her knees and once again planted her ear and both palms on the door to listen. Words were entering their reactions.
"I'M GOING TO CUM ZACH." Kayla quaked at his rapid fingers sloshing her wetness all over his sheet.
Agreeing dramatically Nasty had her own outburst "AS AM I. YOU MUST FINGER ME HARDER."
With a thump at his door Zach knew Heidi was still there snooping. A glance at his door saw the shadows of her knees and he narrows his eyes. With wicked intent Zach pressed his lips over the remote button again, the effect was energizing. Heidi fell away from the door in sudden shock and landed against the wall to her right. Fingers returned to her clit and up into her pussy, trying hard not to upset the bullet in her frolicking. Her uttered, "DAMMIT TOM." was enough to harden his pecker even more than it was. Purple and shining, his boy Hardy was thrilled to be fully grown.
"Rub those clits." He hissed trying to talk and hold the remote both. The girls instantly obeyed his desire. One hand rubs furiously, their free hand finding breasts to crush and tease. As they grew intimately lost in their emotions Zach added a new sensation. His hips moving side to side he took turns rubbing his dick on their legs. Their eyes quivering to watch as Hardy slid over their upper thighs both girls whimpered. He still wanted more from them. Not just yet though, his fingers were reaching their final destinations within drenched pussies. Nasty alone was lifting her hips and tilting her head back, her orgasm brewing to deadly proportions. With a snakelike hiss the Hindi beauty pressed her lips together, holding her breath to compress her thigh muscles around Zach's hand. He was ready to listen to her sing. A beautiful squeal of gasping etiquette Nastiya Iyamahorr exploded three separate times around his still thriving insertions. "Not stopping Nasty. AGAIN!"
His loud declaration led Nasty into a writhing spasm, eyes white and seeking Nirvana. Sure it was hard to devote as much toward Kayla during her earthshattering unrest, yet Zach did his best to treat Kayla equally. Kayla watching Nasty lose sanity darted her eyes back and forth between she and Zach, then at hearing Heidi erratically moaning outside. The combination of lusts fueled Kayla to seek her own attention getting. Reaching out toward Zach's dick, Kayla stroked him as best she could, hoping her move might bring him toward her needs a tad more. He winked down at her efforts then spit the remote out of his mouth, it landed on Kayla's ever so jiggly tummy. "Keep Heidi entertained."
"What?" She whimpered at his finger insertions.
"Fuck your sister with it. Push the button and hold it in long enough to destroy her. Don't fail me."
"I...I won't." She locates the saliva coated remote and looks at it briefly. Igniting it she listened to Heidi kicking his door with both feet like a drum beat. It made Kayla laugh. "She's going crazy."
"Your turn."
With Nasty settling into her withdrawal Zach removed his fingers from the girls twat and let her shake off the orgasms maddening effects. Those same fingers reached over Kayla and placed them in her mouth. Eyes bulging she tasted her friend for the very first time. Savoring it her eyes rolled, lashes fluttering. "Yeaaah! You like that." Zach sighed toward her. Compressed lips around his fingers drew that conclusion. Kayla fed like a champ.
Convulsing on the carpet outside the bedroom Heidi found her fingers moving up under her bra to tweak her nipple. Angered by its constriction she rolled to her side reaching behind her to unclasp her lacy bra and rip it from her body. Sighing at freedom she wiggled about scratching her back on the carpet, taking a breather while she could. Zach had let up on her a bit. In all reality it was Kayla she should be thanking. There was no way of her knowing the truth. As she sat there she heard her cell echo a text. Trying to focus she reaches to retrieve it from the floor and eye the text. It was Khloe again. She had sent another video that had a caption that said, "Dad's eyes only. LOL!"
"As if." Heidi smirked then opened the video. Khloe herself was totally nude still and masturbating. Listening to the audio Khloe fueled Zach's ego with, "I hope this makes you look forward to the weekend Zach. I keep picturing you lifting weights. That huge bulge in your shorts is always my personal barbell. It lifts my spirits at least. Corny I know. I'm going to cum for you Zach. I hope that's alright."
"NOOOOOO! It's NOT alright." Heidi pouts, still she watched the brunette bombshell flood her probing fingers in a succulent production that led to a thick creaminess that Khloe in her exhaustion showed off just before her cell was brought to her face. Licking and sucking her cum glossed fingers with a bright allure Khloe sighed, "Goodnight Zach." A blown kiss ended the video.
Rolling her eyes Heidi sits her cell aside to think. Just as her mind ponders the video she pelts her feet on the floor. "SHIT! Why did I introduce them? FUCK!" As if on a borderline cue the bullet took another shot. There was a reason. "DAAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMIIITTTTTT!" It was a lengthy shot that sent Heidi's fingers on a mission.
Inside Zach's room he had now ordered Nasty to man the remote so that he could devote his entire attention on Kayla. Fingers removed from Kayla's cunt after a short cumming of age, he brought Kayla's taste over to Nasty's lips. The girl whimpered at the thought of sampling her friend but regardless gave in. Once her taste buds considered it not so bad she smiled and held Zach's wrist to keep him feeding her. "Well now, I think Nasty girl there likes your flavor." He winks at Kayla who stares at Nasty in awe.
"Wow!"
"That's enough." He drags his hand away from Nasty who had a pouty fit over his retreat. "Keep that button pressed." She obeyed watching as Zach stretched out on his mattress, using both hands to position Kayla's legs over his shoulders. Her eyes erupt, knowing exactly what he intended to do.
"Oh my God! He's going to eat me out." Kayla reaches out for Nasty who held her friends hand to show her loyalty, Nasty then sat up to catch her breath and watch. The second Zach's tongue tickled Kayla's clit the ever so curvy beauty shook like a leaf. Awestruck her mouth remained open, her eyelashes frozen in time. Looking up over her pubes Zach stared at her reactions. One finger inserted gave her a start, tensing up just as he kisses her silky labia. As Nasty held Kayla's hand she found her grip tightening. It reminded her to release the remote button and give Heidi a moment of peace. Zach noticing Heidi's wails ceasing snaps his free hands fingers at Nasty until she saw him motion to push it again. Nasty shrugged and triggered another, "IIIIIIIIIII HATE YOU!", out of Heidi. Nasty grinned at Zach.
"This is much fun." A wink at Nasty left her bubbly.
"OH MY GOD! HIS TONGUES INSIDE ME." Kayla belted out lifting her ass from the bed, her hand crushing poor Nasty's fingers.
"You must release me. I will need my hand should I ever get married." Nasty swatted Kayla's knuckles until the girl let her go. Shaking it for circulation Nasty giggled, "I must put a ring on it."
Watching Nasty's hand gave Zach another idea. Removing his finger from Kayla just long enough to reach out and grab Nasty by her wrist, he drew her closer to them. Stretching out beside Kayla on her side she faced her bestie. Zach then took Nasty's fingers down toward Kayla's puss and pressed her fingers on Kayla's clit encouraging Nasty to rub it. Tension raising its ugly head made both girls cringe. Still, both embraced it with a gentle reluctance. No words could even be formed between them. Kayla felt Nasty's fingers increasing her rub and just sealed her eyelids. Zach's appetite fueled by their growing fondness of participation, quickly led Kayla to a devastating orgasm. The strongest she had ever experienced. Nasty could not help but smile at Zach. He found the Hindi Goddess just too adorable.
"Good girl Nasty. Hit Heidi again." Reminded a second time Nasty pointed the remote toward the door as if shooting Heidi, even going so far as making the sound of a gun going off. Delighted to hear Heidi yelp constantly made Nasty offer Zach a beguiling smile, her eyes dancing as if knowing she was impressive. "Christ, you're beautiful, Baby Priyanka. Let's try something else."
Obtaining her inside upper thigh Zach coaxed Nastiya into crawling over the heaving Kayla, laying on top of her, chest to chest. Kayla freaked out a bit until Zach calmed her by rubbing her shins. "Just relax." Nasty winced at her friend and whispered, "So sorry." As Nasty tried to remain calm herself, she found Zach moving in for the kill. His tongue licked her pussy from behind and made a lengthy trail directly up her butt crack and lapping her pucker. The sensations made Nasty bury her face into Kayla's neckline, Kayla surrounding her friend with her arms to comfort her. Softly rubbing her palms over Nastiya's back Kayla watched Zach devour the girls ass, his torment making Nasty drop the remote next to Kayla. In doing so Heidi went silent once again.
"Fuck your ass is delicious." Zach mumbled.
"You must keep licking." Nasty lifted her head out of sheer exhilaration, eyes erupting at his sudden neglect. Kayla had to wince at her loud commencement spiel. With a smirk Zach chose to dick lower and flick his tongue over Kayla's clit again to keep her motivated, letting his warm nasal exhales cast over Nasty's pussy to let her know he was coming back. Moving between both girls he shared a minute each to make them both feel desired. In their thrill ride the girls hugged each other as never before. A bonding that had not once occurred before now was greeting both of their thoughts. Sensing each others emotions the girls stared into each others eyes with pause to define what they were considering. Between Zach's choices they shocked even Zach and kissed one another.
"Hmmm! That was gonna be my next switcharoo. I guess they're reading my mind. Let's let them work on that awhile longer and see how heated it goes." Zach returned to burying his tongue up inside Nasty, fingers in Kayla. The longer he fed their emotions the more they kissed, their hands all over one another. Spotting the remote Zach grumbled. "How long has that been inactive?" Stopping just long enough to reach over and procure the remote he punches the emitter and instantly heard the effects. Heidi was howling and scratching at the door, music to Zachary's ears. Back to eating, and fingering. Five minutes longer his tongue was getting wore out. Pondering his next move he lifted his chin to view the girls still kissing. How hot was that?
Crawling to his knees he grips Nasty by her ankles and gradually drags her tiny 102 pound body ever so slowly over Kayla. As their kiss meant an emotional connection being lost both girls whimpered and pouted, then as nipples teased one another in their forced journey new sensations arose. Halting Nasty's drag while her chin was between Kayla's massive breasts Zach waited to see their reactions. Kayla giggling reached up and crushed her breasts around Nasty's head and jostled them around. That led to Nasty tickling Kayla's ribs, laughing uncontrollably and blushing. It was fun seeing the girls discover each other. Zach was proud of his achievement so far.
Letting them wiggle about a bit longer led Nasty to pinch Kayla's nipple. A deafening yelp made Zach wince. Even Nasty flinched to place a pinky inside her ear to clog the shrill echo. From pinched nipple to merely swirling a finger around her areola ever so softly, Nasty made Kayla tremble and bite her lower lip with anticipation. Watching Nasty mesmerized by her meaty nip made Kayla remove her glasses and toss them aside on to Zach's bedside stand. Squinting now it was as if Kayla was readying herself for battle. Not yet, Zach had other plans. Releasing the remote's trigger allowed Heidi to rest.
Nasty kissed along Kayla's breast in pecks, that alone withheld Zach's decision to drag her lower, let the girl explore a bit, it gave Zach a second to breath and nurture his stronghold. His cock was mighty indeed but it needed a bit of attention itself, Zach offered that. As Nasty closed in on Kayla's left breast to kiss over the nipple, Kayla offered a gasp and an exhilarated shiver. Eyes looking up at Kayla as if asking permission, Nasty went for the nipple, flicking before licking it, finally sucking on it. Kayla lost her mind.
"Not bad Baby Priyanka." Zach nodded, then lifted the remote, "I can't hear you Dove." He called out. Ohhhh, she answered. Cussing up a storm and wailing, her feet hammering his door as if shudders beating in a hurricane. Zach had to chuckle, he was just amazed that after possibly three orgasms out there that Heidi was still leaving the bullet inside her. He was definitely impressed. Nothing like a superhot freak he thought.
Scooting closer to the girls Zach toyed with their labia's some more to create tension. Kayla was already spiraling out of control, Zach's temptations only added strength to her agitation. Kayla needed to cum again. Between two opposing forces vying for her attentions she found herself clutching Nasty's perm and gently probing amidst her locks. It was easy enough to see Nasty adored her hair caressed. Stoking the fire while the coals were hot, Zach moved in to torment Nasty's labia, this time however he pressed his crown up to her hole and nudged toward it. Nasty left Kayla's nipple to flare her eyes at the possibility that he was going to fuck her. Feeling his thumb inside her butt pucker only made her express sensitivity in the form of a silent gasp. Kayla instantly grew jealous.
Noting Kayla's reaction Zach removed his crown and lowered it back down into Kayla's labia, exploring her imbalance by also tempting her hole. Kayla however seemed frightened by it, which made Zach pull away to compensate her relief. Maybe she still wasn't ready. That, or she preferred women but wasn't quite sure. Only one way to find out he thought.
Clutching Nasty's ankles again, he shifted his body backwards to give him room to drag her further down Kayla's body. In doing this Nasty returned to kissing Kayla's belly in passing. Short drags kept her moving, but offering Nasty just enough time to offer seductive pecks and licks to Kayla's flesh. At her belly button Nasty probed it's depth making Kayla giggle, it was one of her ticklish areas. Sensing her reaction Nasty increased her taunting, as did Zach. He again pried Nasty's legs wider and graced her labia with his cock. Crown zeroing in a second round he presses his mushroom up into her until the ridge of his crown tickled her own fancy. Abandoning Kayla's navel Nasty pressed her forehead into Kayla's belly tensing up.
"If you must, please do." She whimpers for Zach to hear. Instead, Zach smirks and winks at Kayla before retreating. Nasty raised her face with a pout, she was ready for penetration. Disappointment was only allowed for a mere fraction of an instant before Zach drug her even lower, Nastiya's chin nuzzling Kayla's pubic hair. It was then that Nasty returned the favor and pets Kayla's bush as Kayla had her own hair on her head. Kayla sighed and stared at the ceiling, she just knew what Zach had planned. Preparing her emotions for a moment, Kayla lifted her head to look at Zach to offer her permission. As if Zach was asking for it.
A final tug lower, Nasty's mouth was right over Kayla's pussy, her chin already damp. The scent made Nasty whimper, knowing that Zach had placed her in this predicament to see if she would play along. As Zach returned to nudging his cock into Nasty's labia, he pressed the remote again. Heidi never failed him. Her excessive yelps gave everyone in the room shivers. She was almost their own foreplay. During the drama Nasty took a deep breath then began licking Kayla's clitoris. Instantly, Kayla voiced her opinion, "OH FUCK!" This led her to acknowledge her bestie with rising knees pressing in on Nasty's shoulders, her back arching at the girls tongue and nose nuzzling amid her pubic hair, all while Zach teased Nasty's pussy stimulating her hunger, his upper body leaning forward to roll his free palm up Nasty's spine. She grew lost in her feasting, moving her mouth down over Kayla's juicy entry point. Tongue burrowed Kayla fought her emotions and enjoyed the delicious taunting with erratic yelps and giggles.
"I can't believe you're doing this. Oh my God, Nasty." Nastiya grew fierce in her appetite, savagely moving her head as if shaking a ragdoll in her teeth. Kayla vocalized her stunned reaction with, "YES YES YES!."
Admiration sank into Zach's approach going forward, literally. In her devouring of Kayla taking its toll over her thoughts, Nasty hardly reacted as Zach nudged his cock deeper into her. Only her hips rose to the occasion. Zach reeled his head back at how tight she was, his penis being large only added to the slight discomfort. As Zach's hand patrolled her spine his journey led to her neck, holding her firmly in her feast, as he moved further inside her. Nasty knew, Nasty yearned. Nasty accepted. All eight plus inches inside her Zach released her neck and eased upright. Prying her ass cheeks wide he admired his beast sinking deep into her pink recesses. Even he had to express a pucker. It was a thing of beauty. Did he want to fuck this drop dead gorgeous Hindi? Of course he did. Did he? Not today. With a frown of regret Zach Pedigo pulled out at hearing Heidi Baker have yet another screaming orgasm. It was as if Heidi was calling.
Watching his dick slowly retreat he pats Nasty's ass to inform her he was still hopeful. Just not tonight. As his crown escaped her wetness he growled. With no time to ponder his exit, Kayla reared her hips and exploded over Nasty's face, the flood catching her off guard choked her. This led Zach to reach over and grip Nasty by her hair and drag her upward into his chest. Coddling her until she regained her air flow, they watched Kayla's spasm below. A kiss to Nasty's temple Zach whispered, "Soon." She merely smiled with her eyes as he hugged her, his hands probing her frontal, squeezing one breast. A second kiss to her cheek he sets about turning Nasty to face him. Guiding her to stretch out over Kayla again he motioned her to crawl her way backwards until her own pussy was right over Kayla's face. Kayla shrieked at the trickles of pussy juice on her nose. The second Nasty returned to eating Kayla again, Kayla gave up and sampled her bestie's pussy. Not so bad, Kayla pursued her exploration. Two hungers building up led to a magnificent show. Zach decided to watch and nurture his girth without interaction to distract them. Let them have their fun for a few minutes.
Out in the hall Heidi Baker was licking her fingertips half out of it. Four orgasms had taken their toll over her energy depletion. She was dehydrated badly, crawling up the wall to take her first step since Zach began her torment. Not going so well she returned to her hands and knees and crawled to the bathroom sink. Using it to force herself up she ignited the cold faucet and took a palm full of cool water to her mouth. Licking her palms of whatever she could gather. More cold water was splashed over her heated body, it felt invigorating even as her eyelids could barely stay open. She was exhausted. Why hadn't Zach hit the remote again? Had her sister and friend dominated his attention? Pouting she shuffled very slowly back to the bedroom door and sat down listening to the girls moaning. No fair! The true torture was just absorbing the sounds within. Curling up in a ball Heidi just sighed. Darkness consumed her reality. Zzzzzzzzzzzzz!
The observation of the girls led Zach into an interesting detour. Scooting back into their airspace he taunted his dick under Nasty's face. As she lifts her chin away from Kayla she licks his intrusive cock without even looking up at him. Moving his crown lower into Kayla's labia again, Nasty followed faithfully and attempted to entertain both Zach and Kayla equally. Zach really did want to sample Kayla. Earlier hesitation brought him back to see if her reaction might prove differently. Nudging his crown up to Kayla's tunnel of lust he pursued entry. This time with Kayla busy feeding on Nasty's cunt above, he entered ever so slowly. Not nearly as tight as Nasty had been he felt her scalding walls greet his girth, all eight finding a home. With every inch inserted Nasty left her tongue on his dick until she had no choice but to let him enter without her being in his way. At that point Nasty flicked at Kayla's clit. Just as he had done with Nasty he merely absorbed Kayla's sheath, letting Kayla relax to his penetration.
After a two minute expiration Zach starts to pull out. Before escaping too far Kayla lifts her legs and places her toes into his hips to hold him in check. Stopping at her insistance he studies Kayla's feeding of Nasty. Nasty in turn was reacting to Kayla's tongue, her eyes rolling back. Zach took that moment to palm Nastiya's face and hold her firm inviting a doubled inspiration. Lashes fluttering like butterflies he feels Nasty clenching her muscles. Tremors becoming quakes, Nasty hums a succulent nasal tune just before release. Twitching as a flood overcomes Kayla's face this time, Nasty cried out, "Forgive me Kaaaayla." Nothing to forgive, Kayla kept eating. A ball of sweat both girls gushed again, this time Kayla had cascaded over Zach's embedded cock, drowning his balls. It was then, that Kayla's toes left Zach's hips. Idle another minute to let them calm their nerves Zach pulled out of Kayla and left the bed to stretch. As much as he needed to cum he kept himself restrained.
The girls finally, peeling away from one another reposition to hug and cuddle. It was definitely cute. Watching them grow exceptionally close they closed their eyes and drifted off to sleep.
"Well I'll be. So much for my bed." Sighing heavily, he noticed the tiny remote laying alone on his sheets and crept over to reclaim it. Tempted to fire off another wake up call to see if Heidi still had her bullet in he held off, instead moving to his bedroom door to listen. Her shadow was still beneath it so he knew she was present. Then, he heard snoring. Amtrak had rolled through town again.
Leaving Kayla and Nasty curled up sleeping on his bed, he unlocked and opened his door in a hush. Outside laying on the floor asleep Heidi Baker barely reacts to Zach's sudden appearance, waking her as if something told her he was there. In her multiple orgasms in the hallway Heidi lay nude, having played with her pussy so many times she had zero energy left outside of acknowledgment. Kneeling in front of her Zach gently lifts her chin to show her the remote. Offering a look of horror she pled her case, "Nooo more Tom."
"Admit it, you like me torturing your ass." He whispered.
She merely pouted and sighed heavily. Carefully lifting Heidi to her feet with one hand he escorted her to her futon bed and sat her down. Guiding her to lay back he took her hand and placed the remote in it. Whispering, "Use it."
She whimpered taking it into her hand then hit the button. Her body felt the buzz instantly and she stretched out arching her back, and rubbing her pussy, her chest dancing about to her chorus of, "Noooooo". Her eyes locked on to his as if seeking approval, he merely stood over her stroking his still vibrant beast. With everything he had done tonight he himself had not cum yet. He was saving it for Heidi. There was just something about sharing it with this blond cutie. Whimpering between shrill yelps she kept the trigger pressed, not wanting to let Zach down. Mesmerized by her pink pussy Zach decided to crouch in front of Heidi, using his free hand to guide her knees wider. Dropping to his own knees between her legs he leaned over her pussy and rubbed his cock across her clit where her fingers massaged. From there he dared to go lower amid her labia, caressing his girth through her wetness.
"NO TOM. DON'T!" She quaked at his close proximity.
"Close your eyes and feel me."
"Please don't fuck me."
Backing away to relax her, he chose to instead stretch out and do the next best thing. Zach Pedigo ate her out. He could feel the vibrations over his lips. Yelping at his tongue terrorizing her clit she gasped and unloaded juices across his face, "Oh my God, Tom. That feels so fucking good."
"Stop resisting me then." He raised his arms over her body and played with her breasts, pinching her nipples to a chaotic set of trembles.
"I can't Tom. I beg of you, please don't fuck me."
Abandoning her pussy long enough to rise up over her he laid atop her body. Kissing her throat made Heidi cum hard. Sucking her nipples, another sloshy mess. Finally, Zach rears up on his knees and jerks off, his crown touching her sunflower tattoo. In the minutes it took her vibrator to destroy her senses, Zach Pedigo shot one massive load directly over her tattoo, watching his jizz trickle directly over her cunt's landscape. The torrent made Heidi coo and react by writhing her entire body over her sheets.
As she calmed down releasing the button on her egg, Zach dug his fingers up inside her pussy as her hips raise to his intrusion, Plucking it through her labia as she gasps, he took the drenched egg to her mouth. Her tongue tempted, she licked it dry. As she did Zach placed the crown of his cock directly up to her hole, as he had the other girls. One good push he would either make or ruin her night.
"Once." She trembles heavily.
"What?"
"Put it inside me. No thrusting. Just feel me, me you." It reminded him of his own duration with Kayla and Nasty.
"You sure?"
"No...yes."
An encouraged push forward Heidi's body reacts with insanity level twitches, "FUCK THAT DICK IS HUGE."
"Pussy's warm, and wet. Once enough?"
"Yes...no...I don't fucking know. DAMMIT TOM." She hides her face in her hands shaking everywhere.
He pulls out up to his crown then stops still inside her. "Tell me."
"Once more."
"Five more."
"Stop after? No arguing?"
"Yep."
"Six because I'm sweet."
"Fifty."
"NOOOOOOOOOO! Seven. Final offer." She was really changing her tune.
"Naaaaa!" He pulls all the way out and crawls to his feet.
"You don't want me?"
"We're just roommates. I'm stopping right here."
"Thank you Tom."
"Night. I'm gonna go wake the girls. I think I'll fuck Nasty up the ass before turning in." Not really, but it sounded good to taunt Heidi with.
"Tom?"
"Yeah?"
"Would you put it in me every night without fucking me?"
"No. If i agreed to that, each night would be one more thrust."
"So??? In a month I'd be screaming hard?"
"Harder than hard."
"Something to consider."
"Naaa!"
"Tom?"
"WHAT?" He laughed.
"I'll be naked every night when you get home."
"Why?"
"So you can cum on me."
Exhausted, he rubs the back of his neck, "Fuck it." Kneeling, he picks her almost puppet like body up, carrying her to his Queen size bed. Laying her next to Kayla he kisses her forehead and walks away, turning his lights out, it was already 2:00 in the morning. Work would come early. Between Heidi and Nasty, Kayla was cozy.
"Tom?" Heidi whispered before he shut the door.
"Last time. What?"
"Find my cell. Khloe made you a video. Sleep tight."
"You too."
Locating the cell Zach played the video. "Oh, that's nice." He watched it five times before breaking down and calling Khloe from Heidi's phone, waking her up.
"You're fucking amazing." He boldly astonished her.
"It's 2:30 in the morning." She sighed giggling.
"You complaining?"
"No. Hi."
"Work that pussy Nurse."
"Work that big dick...I don't know what you do for work...I'll just say Daddy."
"Works for me." He fondled his beast back to superiority.
"Did Heidi record your video earlier?"
"Yeah why?"
"Isn't that weird having your daughter do that?"
"Probably." He chuckles, "Again, you complaining?"
"No." She snickers, "You were awful hard in front of her is all."
"Your video got me that way."
"In just a few minutes?"
"We doing this Nurse?"
"God Yes. On Saturday too I hope."
"Count on it. Even if I do work, I have all night."
"We both work in the morning."
"Then, start moaning."
"Yes, Daddy." She giggles and gets busy, a toy helped. Khloe was definitely a screamer once she broke out her magic wand. At 3 A.M. Zach fell asleep on her. His last thought was, "Four hot girls in one night. I still got it."
Her final impression was, "Thank your daughter for me." He hadn't heard her before his snore fest. "Night, Zach."
Luckily, she ended the call.