We'd pulled off the freeway and parking in a seedy little strip mall. There was a sex shop, with lots of lurid neon and red plastic over the windows so you couldn't see in. We went into the sex shop.
It wasn't as bad on the inside as it looked on the outside. I could see that Rachel was a little nervous, as there weren't many women in there. It was mostly single guys. We browsed around the shelves, occasionally picking up things to show the other, or pointing stuff out. I found a tiny little stretchy orange dress that I said Rachel should try on, and she said "sure, why not?".
I went and asked the cashier if she could try the dress on, and he said she could. I went back and stood there, looking at her, and she realized I meant she should try it on here. The cashier came over at that point, so he could watch.
She took a quick look around, grinned at me, then undid her sweater and pulled her skirt off and took the orange thing from me, pulling it on over her head. We worked on getting it in place, as there really wasn't much of it there. I thought it looked awful - it might be something you'd wear for sex, but there's no way she'd wear it out and about. The little crowd that had formed around us seemed to like it though.
"Do you like that?" I asked her.
"No," she said.
"Me neither, take it off."
We peeled it off her, and she put her clothes back on. We carried on browsing. I showed her a 12" dildo that must have been as wide as a Coke can. She thought that was funny.
I showed her a large butt plug and she grimaced. The cashier asked if Rachel wanted to try on some crotchless panties, and came over to "help". Rachel took her thong off and handed it to the cashier, then pulled them on, pulling her skirt up so we could see them. I saw the cashier smelling her thong out of the corner of my eye when he thought we weren't looking at him.
"What do you think?" I asked her.
"They're uncomfortable, and I don't see the point," she said, "I'd rather not wear anything."
The cashier grinned at her, and she took them off, handing them to him. He put them in his pocket. She took her thong back from him and put it on.
After browsing around the store, there were still people watching us. I quietly asked Rachel if she wanted to play here, and she looked at the other customers, and said "that was kinda the point."
We wandered to the back of the shop, and there were booths where you could watch videos. I went in one and took a look around. As I'd guessed, there were glory holes on both sides. I chose one with an occupied booth next to it, and we went in. I closed the door and leaned against it, so I was out of the way, and fished the GoPro out of my pocket.
Rachel just looked at me, quizzically, and then I saw the cover on one glory hole open. I briefly saw an eye at it, and then after a few seconds, a dick poked through.
"Oh my god," she whispered to me, looking at it. "I can't even see the rest of him!"
Still, she went over and took hold of it, stroking. She looked at me.
"Whatever you want to do is fine with me," I said quietly, "but he's going to cum at some point, and you might want to take some clothes off so you don't ruin them."
She unbuttoned her sweater and unhooked her bra. She took them of over one shoulder, then switched hands on the dick and pulled them over the other and off her. She handed them to me, and I hung them up on a hook on the door.
The whole time she was jacking the dick poking through the hole, and shortly later, the guy started cumming. She managed to direct it away from her, and the dick disappeared back through the hole. She came over to me and hugged me.
She undid her skirt and handed that to me, then bent and took off her thong.
I heard the door on the booth on the other side of us close, and a few seconds later, the hole opened and a dick poked through. Rachel took it, and stroked it for a while, and I heard him say "just a minute," and it disappeared. It reappeared a few seconds later, glistening with lube. Rachel smiled, and started rubbing the lube all over his dick. She pulled closer, and put her tits up to it, sliding his dick between them, up and down until he came, getting cum all over her chest and shoulder.
She turned to me and the camera, holding her tits up and massaging the cum into them.
The eye at the first hole was replaced by another dick, and she wiped up some of the lube and cum mixture from her tits and started rubbing it into it. Shortly after that, the guy she'd just jacked off passed through a bottle of lube. I thanked him and showed her the lube, and put it down where she could get to it.
Rachel stroked the guy from the first hole until he came, then sat and looked at the other hole. There didn't appear to be anybody in there, and another dick appeared at the first hole. I pointed it out to her, and she went and lubed him up, then started stroking it. She massaged the lube in and carried on stroking him, until he came over her front.
There was already a dick poking through the second hole, and she went over to her new fan. She poured some lube on her hands and rubbed it over her tits, then grabbed the new dick and stroked it up and down her chest until he came over her.
The first hole was already occupied again, and she turned to it. She stroked it a couple of times, then put her face by it. She rubbed it around her face, then sucked it into her mouth. She sucked away until he was about to cum, then pointed it at her tits and jacked away until he came over them.
A hand appeared at the hole, and she moved closer and let him feel her tits for a bit. He didn't seem to mind, or maybe didn't notice, cum being all over them.
There was a dick at the second hole, but Rachel stood up and said she was ready to go now, and could we get her cleaned up. I left and went to the cashier. He'd anticipated this, and, smiling, handed me an old towel, which I went back and passed to her.
She wiped up as best she could, and put her clothes back on. She took my hand and led us through the people by the booths.
"Oh, there's something I wanted to get," she said.
We headed over to the toys aisle, and she picked up a box and opened it. It looked sort of like a big pink peanut.
"This is the one," she said.
We went back to the still grinning cashier, to pay him for the vibrator.
"I can let you have that for free," he said.
"Oh, really?" she said, suspiciously.
"Sure," he said, with a lascivious grin, "if you blow me."
I was expecting her to tell him to fuck off.
"That's a hand job at best," she said.
She was haggling?
"Naked," he said.
"Topless," she said.
He nodded.
"Where can we go?" she asked him, looking about.
"Here," he said.
She looked around. There were a bunch of guys who'd watched this conversation. She handed me the vibrator, unbuttoned her sweater and walked around behind the counter. She took off the sweater and unhooked her bra, taking that off and handing it to me too. The cashier reached out for her tits, and she slapped his hand away.
"That wasn't part of the deal."
She knelt down, out of sight, and I moved over to look over the counter to watch, and pointed the GoPro at her. She was to the side of the cashier, and reached around and unzipped his jeans, reaching in to fish out his dick. Other guys lined up around the counter to watch too.
As she started stroking him, he tried to turn to face her.
"Not part of the deal," she said, apparently not wanting him to cum on her.
One hand was holding his dick, with her thumb rubbing precum into the tip, and she licked her other hand, then took over stroking with that hand. She used her first hand to play with his balls.
After a few minutes of this, he handed her another towel, and closed his eyes, putting his head back.
She wrapped his dick in the towel, and carried on stroking him and playing with his balls until he jerked, cumming into it. She wiped his dick with the towel, making sure he was all clean, then tucked his dick away in his pants. She wiped her hands on the towel, then stood up and smiled at me brightly. She held her hand out, and I passed her her bra.
She put it on, then I handed her the sweater.
She put that on as she came back around the counter, buttoning it up as she got to me and took the vibrator from me.
"Thanks," she said, grinning at him, "batteries?"
"They're in the box," he said.
She took my hand again before heading back out to the car.