Authors note: Once again a huge thank you to my fans. With over 5700 fans you have now made me the 25th most favorited author on Literotica. Your feedback keeps me writing.
FYI I noticed I'm getting a lot less negative comments. I'm not deleting comments. I think management is moderating them. I kinda miss them. They made me laugh.
Please keep rating, favoriting, leaving comments, and feedback.
=============================
It was a Friday morning when my husband Carl called me and asked me to bring him some papers to the office. He was running product training that week and forgot some of the reference materials. I didn't mind. Carl made a good living and I hadn't had to work for the last ten years, so I made arrangements to drop them off at lunchtime.
Carl is a product manager for a medical device company. He's involved in most of the company training courses. Right now they were doing two weeks of sales team training.
When I got to Carl's office I was greeted by the receptionist and told he was in. I headed to his office and looked at him for a moment. There he was, as handsome as ever, he still 'did it' for me when I saw him.
As I waited I thought about our marriage. We'd had a rough start. We were both 18 when we started dating. I got pregnant immediately and I decided to keep the baby. Carl said he wasn't ready to get married but wanted to be there for us. Luckily our parents were extremely supportive and taught us the skills, sacrifices, and joys that came from taking care of a baby. Carl stayed very much involved.
We decided it would be best for our daughter if Carl went to college. I worked and he went to a local college where he could stay close to her. Somewhere around Carl's senior year we started dating again. I don't think either of us realized we were dating. We just kind of fell into going out together. It was a much more mature form of dating. We were the best of friends.
Carl got a job out of college. Then he asked me to marry him. I knew I was in love with him, but wasn't sure how he felt. I didn't want him to marry me out of some sense of duty.
"I've had my chance to date," he said. "Nothing compares to how I feel about you and Veronica," (our daughter).
I accepted and we were married a few months later. It's been an amazing marriage ever since and Veronica, now 19, has grown into an amazing and beautiful young woman.
Carl finally noticed me and got up to kiss me. As he did he introduced me to the four men in his office. They were part of the Dallas sales team. They were there for the two week training. I noticed they were all handsome gentlemen. Kind of cut from the same cloth. They were all late 20s early 30s and not one shorter than 5'11". I could tell because Carl was 5'10". They were all that kind of build that played sports in high school. I found out later they were good friends and all worked out together. They were extremely polite as they were introduced.
I gave Carl the papers he needed. He thanked me and said they were just heading out for lunch.
"Why don't you join us," said one of the men.
"No, I couldn't," I replied. "You guys must have work stuff to talk about."
"We are sick of work stuff," said the one I would later know as Bobby. "We could use a pretty lady to distract us."
I laughed, "well, I'm not sure how pretty I am, but thank you."
Actually I knew that men found me attractive. I was barely 5'1" and 105 lbs. Although I was short I had some curves. I had long blonde hair and I kept myself in shape. I was 18 when I had Veronica and my body snapped back pretty quick.
I looked at Carl. So did the four men.
"Well, I'm with them," he said. "I love having a beautiful woman around. Especially when she's my wife."
I laughed. Introductions were made all around. My name is Brenda. The guys were Jim, Scott, Don, and Bobby. We headed for lunch.
We walked to a BBQ and beer place around the corner. The guys all ordered beers.
"Beer on a work day?" I asked.
"Hell, first week of class is over. We are staying the weekend rather than flying home. So we have a little goof off time, and that includes beer," explained Scott.
"One for you?" asked Jim.
I looked at Carl. He shrugged his shoulders. That meant fine with him, so I accepted. We ordered lunch and the conversation was fun. The guys made me laugh and although I didn't notice it at the time flirted with me and made me feel pretty.
Jim, Scott, Don, and Bobby paid a lot of attention to me, and I was loving it. I may have had an extra beer and at my 105 lbs each beer had its effect. As they flirted, I flirted back. Carl was quiet, mostly sat there smiling and sipping a beer.
Now mind you. Carl was the only man I ever dated. The last time I flirted I was 18, so I wasn't very good at it, or at recognizing it. However having 4 attractive men paying attention to me made me feel warm inside. I was having fun.
Lunch went longer than the hour it was supposed to and I didn't even notice. When it was time to go I pouted.
Carl laughed, "Well, maybe the guys would like to come over to watch the game tomorrow night."
I didn't realize it but later Carl told me I looked so excited at the prospect that there was no way they could say no. We set a time for grilling and the game.
As we separated the guys asked Carl if he wanted to join them for golf the morning before the game. He said yes and they offered to pick him up in the morning.
The guys went back to the office. Carl made me promise to wait an hour before I drove home. I spent some time in a good mood shopping.
When I got home I had a feeling of almost giddiness about me. I didn't understand why, but I felt energized. I couldn't wait for Carl to come home.
Veronica noticed my mood.
"What's up mom?" she asked.
"What do you mean?" I responded.
"I don't know. You seem different, kind of silly happy? Maybe?" she guessed.
"Maybe that's it," I replied. "Earlier I was thinking what a great life I have with you and your father. I'm just happy."
"Well we love you too," She replied.
I went around making dinner. Carl arrived just as I was setting the table.
I met him at the door with a big kiss. He knew that kiss. It was my 'wait till I get you alone' kiss.
"Oh? What's got into you?" He teased.
"Nothing, can't a wife just kiss her husband?" I demurred.
"Like that?" He responded. "Anytime."
"Geeeesh, you guys get a room," Veronica laughed.
Actually, Veronica was pretty cool with us being affectionate towards each other. We were pretty open with her about sex and attraction. We didn't want her to fall into the same trap we did.
"We are in a room," I teased back.
She rolled her eyes.
We all sat down to dinner laughing and talking about our day.
Carl mentioned lunch. Like any other 19 year old Veronica's first question was, "were they cute?"
She looked at me, I blushed. I didn't know how to answer. Carl stepped in.
Well, I can't speak to whether they're cute, but they were quite attracted to your mom," he offered.
"Really?" Veronica responded. "How so?"
"Well, they kept flirting with her and complimenting her," he answered.
"Really mom?" She asked me.
"Your dad is exaggerating," I offered.
She looked at him. He just smiled and shook his head in a 'no I'm not' motion.
"Wow mom, way to go," she exclaimed.
I blushed.
I looked at Veronica. She was gorgeous. Long black hair, dark eyes, 5'0" and about 100lbs. Tiny but gorgeous. I've seen her flirt with both men and boys. She knew she was attractive and knew how to work it to get what she wanted.
To some extent she even had her dad wrapped around her little finger.
Just then Carl's phone rang. We have a rule against answering phones at the table. Carl looked.
"It's them," he said. "I better take this."
We listened to our end of the conversation.
"No problem, what's up?"
How would I know?"
"Ok! Ok," he laughed. "I've heard Centerfolds or Kings are good."
Centerfolds and Kings? Then it hit me, they were strip clubs. These guys were asking Carl where a good strip club was.
Then I heard.
"No I can't."
"I'm home with my wife and daughter."
"I don't think so,"
"I'm sure it's not her thing," he said.
I interrupted. "What's not my thing?" I asked.
Carl covered the mouthpiece. "They want to know if I want to go to a strip club with them," he told me.
"You should go," I replied. "You like hanging out with them. Think of it as team building, but what did that have to do with me?"
"When I told them I was hanging at home with you, they suggested I bring you along," he said.
"Really?" I nearly sputtered my drink out my nose. "What did you say?"
"I told them it wasn't your thing," he replied.
I thought about it, Well, I didn't really think, for some reason I just reacted.
"It might be fun," I said.
After all, I'd had a very tame upbringing and although I hadn't admitted it yet, I liked the way those men treated me.
"Really?" asked Carl.
"Sure, why not?" I replied.
Veronica looked at me with amazement. I just shrugged.
Carl said into the phone, "Umm. She said ok, so I guess we'll meet you there."
He hung up.
"Really?" he asked.
"Why not," I replied. "I've never been, I'm curious, and I have five big strong men to protect me. Wait? There are other women there, aren't there?"
Carl assured me there usually were. That made me feel a bit more comfortable.
"You go mom," exclaimed Veronica.
While we ate dinner Carl kept looking at me funny. I kept on wondering what the evening would be like. Something about being the only woman with a bunch of men at a strip club was making me a little warm. Veronica asked me about the guys. Most I could tell her was what they looked like and that they were nice. I kept getting them mixed up. I would describe who I thought was Don only to have Carl correct me and find out it was Jim.
After dinner we did dishes. I went to my room to change. Carl followed me.
I was feeling a little playful and anxious.
"What should I wear," I asked.
'What you have on is fine," Carl answered.
I was wearing jeans, a cute blouse, and heels. I looked alright. We had a good hour before we had to leave. I started taking off my jeans.
"I said they were fine," said Carl.
"I know," I said. "There's no room in them."
"No room?" He looked at me obviously confused.
I put my arms around him and said breathily, "yeah, they're too tight. I can't get your cock in here."
It took him a moment, then the light went off. He grabbed my ass, pulled me to him, and kissed me. I moaned and kissed back.
"Let's fix that," he laughed.
He pushed me on the bed and proceeded to pull my jeans and panties down over my hips and off my legs.
He stood and looked at me. I felt good. I had just shaved my legs and kept my pussy hair bikini clean.
Carl is not one to say no to sex. I watched him as he undressed. We were lucky. We had a good sex life, well, as far as I knew. I'd only been with Carl but I knew he'd been with a few other women in college. We were at least twice a weekers. From what I could tell that was more than other couples our age. Of course, most of them were still raising school age children. Carl and I stopped having sex when I got pregnant and then I didn't have sex again till we started seriously dating when we were 22. When we started again we were like first timers. When I talk to women with kids my kid's age, they are usually at least ten years older than me and from their comments don't have sex as often.
Carl laid down on the bed next to me.
"After dinner?" he said questioningly.
"You complaining?" I responded.
"No," he said as he slid his hand slowly down my belly. "Just curious."
I arched my hips in anticipation of that hand reaching my pussy.
"So what's got you going?" he asked.
I didn't answer, but when his hand reached my pussy I moaned.
He leaned in to kiss me as his fingers slid past my clit and into my pussy. It took us a few years to get it right but now he knew exactly how I liked it. He lightly caressed my pussy lips then circled my clit with his fingers. I moaned again.
"So? What's brought this on?" he asked as he played with my clit.
"Shut up," I answered. "Kiss me."
He kissed me and slid his fingers back into my pussy. I thrust against them as they entered me. I put one hand behind his head and held his lips to mine and with the other hand I reached down and encircled his cock. I was always fascinated by its feel. The skin so soft but like a steel rod in my hands. I wondered briefly if all cocks felt the same. I mean, I knew they came in all sizes and shapes, but this was the only one I'd ever seen, certainly touched, in real life. Of course I'd seen pictures, but it's not the same.
I lightly stroked his cock as I kissed him. I rolled on my back and pulled him on top of me. Bending my knees I tried to guide him into me. He took over and guided his cock into my pussy. I moaned as he entered me.
"What made you so wet?" he pressed.
I kissed him hard. Truth was, I wasn't sure why I was so turned on. I mean at the moment. Looking back I know. Four handsome men were flirting with me and I was going to be doing something naughty. I was going to a strip club. I'd never done anything like that. Did I mention that I was going to be doing it with my husband and four other men.
I wrapped my legs around my husband and pulled him deep into me. As I did he thrust into me.
"God baby, you feel so good," he whispered in my ear.
I started moving my hips and meeting his thrusts with mine. We'd done this a lot. It felt wonderful, it felt familiar. I briefly thought about the sales team. I wondered how different other men felt. I wasn't sheltered. I read books, novels, torrid sex between the heroes. I knew I had good sex, I had orgasms, but you always wonder about something you've never had.
After all, it was normal to fantasize. I had mine. I liked being taken. Carl could take me. I loved it when he did. Sometimes I switched the face to a TV star, or even someone I'd met, but they were just fantasies.
"Fuck me," I said as he thrust into me. "God, I love you."
"I love you too," he moaned.
I grabbed his ass, pulled him into me, and ground my hips. It felt so good.
As his cock drove into me, I thought about the strip club. The idea of being so naughty turned me on. The thought of being surrounded by five handsome men also excited me. To me, Don was the cutest. His face appeared before me as I felt my husband's cock inside me. With Don's face in front of me I grabbed my husband's ass tighter and started thrusting my hips with more intensity. He felt my urgency and started to fuck me harder. I felt my orgasm building.
"Oh fuck," I cried. I rarely swore but somehow during sex it felt so right.
"You like that?" he hissed.
"Fuck yes," I moaned.
"I'm cumming!" I cried as my orgasm washed over me.
Carl grunted as he pumped his sperm into me.
"Mmmmmm," I sighed.
We lay there for a while as his cock shrunk and eventually fell out of me. Then we cuddled for a while.
"Gonna tell me what brought that on." he asked.
"I don't know. I think the idea of going to a strip club, doing something wild," I replied.
"Well," replied Carl. "I like this wild side of you."
We made out a bit and then Carl said we better get ready.
I pulled on a cute bra and panties, jeans, and a button down top. I checked the mirror. I looked cute. Why cute underwear? Something for Carl to unwrap when he gets home.
As we were leaving Veronica gave us a funny look.
"What?" I asked.
"Nothing," she said in a flip voice. "I just like the way you two prepare to go out." She laughed.
Dammit, we'd brought her up to accept sex as a normal part of life, but some things should not be shared. I felt a little embarrassed but also a little proud that she knew we had a good sex life. I just smiled at her.
We told her what time we would be back and hopped in the car and headed to Centerfolds.
When we got there we parked a block away and walked to the club. The marquis had pictures of girls in various types of lingerie. There was a big guy at the door, presumably the bouncer.
When we walked in a tattooed woman, somewhere between 25-35, collected a cover charge for the guys. There was no cover for me. The cover charge covered a free drink.
We were escorted to a table near the stage. I looked around. There were various other women there. That made me feel more comfortable. Some were dressed like me, jeans or casual dresses. There were others dressed in what you'd call club wear or what I call slut wear. I assumed most were hookers. I was informed some might be swingers who also like to dress slutty and go out. Most of the groups with women were seated closer to the stage. That included us.
The music was hard and pulsing. There was a naked girl walking around the stage. She wasn't really dancing, she was just walking and then she'd do a move, a split, or crouch with her knees spread and fake touching herself or sometimes she'd interact with a pole. .
She'd 'dance' to the end of the stage. There were obviously men who tipped more and she focused on them. She'd also focus on the women as that would make the men tip more as well.
There were waitresses wandering along the floor serving small overpriced drinks and then other girls, obviously dancers either lap dancing or looking for someone to offer a lap dance.
When the song ended the girl onstage exited and a new girl came out. She did a set of walking around the stage in lingerie. Then the next song she would go out back remove some lingerie and come back out topless. The next dance she would remove the rest of her clothes. To me I was surprised. It wasn't really stripping like I'd pictured it. It was just dancing in various states of undress.
That's a pretty clinical description written weeks after the occurrence. At the moment I was in wide eyed wonder as to being there and seeing all the people, sites, and smells. Being a woman the dancers would often make eye contact with me and focus their moves on me. When they did men around the bar would cheer and tip more.
One Time a dancer on stage reached down and pulled me on stage to dance with her. I was a cheerleader. I know how to gyrate and shake my hips. She undid the top button of my blouse. You could see a bit of bra. The dancer made a ton of tips. I got a lot of attention. All those male eyes on me was making me hot. I could feel the warmth between my legs.
I was breathless when I returned to the table. I gave Carl a huge kiss and sat on his lap. A cheer went up from the crowd.
"Fuck that was hot," I whispered to him. Then I kissed him again.
I stayed in his lap and watched the girls on stage. One of the girls came over and offered me a lap dance. I looked at my husband. The guys encouraged me and offered to pay.
"What the hell," I proclaimed and moved to a chair.
The woman stripped down till she was topless and started gyrating on my lap. The rules for men are no touching, for women they are different. The dancer took my hands in hers and ran them over her body including her breasts. I'd never touched another woman's breasts before. I felt her soft skin and her nipples get hard under my fingertips. All the men were watching us and I was enjoying the attention. As I played with the woman's tits I leaned over and kissed Carl. I was looking forward to getting home and fucking.
When she was done she kissed me. Again the guys cheered. I kissed Carl, "I could do it better," I proclaimed.
"Yeah," said Jim. "I'd like to see that."
"Well, No ones paying me," I laughed.
Scott pulled out a $20 bill and said, "$20 for a lap dance for Carl."
I laughed, took the $20 and stuffed it in my bra. I started by dancing in front of Carl. Not just my group but other groups were watching me. I danced as sexy as I knew how. Obviously it was good enough. I was getting cheers from the crowd.
The cheers made me feel bolder. I undid another button on my blouse. Again this was met with cheers. Then I turned around and gyrated my ass in Carl's face. Slowly lowering myself to his lap. I made contact with his hard cock.
I leaned back and put my arms around his neck, "ooooooo is that for me?" I cooed," as I gyrated on his lap.
"Oooooooo," teased the guys.
Eventually the song ended and so did the lap dance. I turned and gave Carl an extremely passionate kiss. There was something about having an audience that truly turned me on.
Jim laughed, "damn, I want a lap dance."
I was feeling frisky. For some reason I responded, "Well, that's up to Carl."
All the guys looked to Carl. Carl looked at them then to me.
"Go for it baby," he laughed.
Wow, give a guy I barely knew a lap dance? Could I do that? I hadn't tried to turn on another man for almost 20 years. Could I do it?
Boldly I put my hands on my hips. "Whose first?" I challenged.
Scott waved another twenty and said, "me."
We all laughed as I took the twenty and shoved it in my bra. I stood in front of Scott and started to dance. There was a part of me that really wanted to turn him on. I swayed my hips seductively while running my hands over my body. Then I turned and swayed my ass with my hands and arms up above my head.
Swaying my ass I slowly descended into his lap. I nearly popped right back up when I felt his obviously hard cock against my ass, but instead I gyrated my ass into it. I could feel it get harder as I did.
"Mmmmmm," he sighed.
That made me hot and I continued to gyrate even more.
Then I stood up, he made a protesting noise until I put my arms around his neck, bent over and shook my tits in his face. I then climbed on his lap facing him. Arms around his neck and moved my ass on his hard cock. My lips close to his. He tried to kiss me but I pulled away.
"Uh Uh Uh," I teased. "No touching."
I continued to grind my hips into his cock as I breathed on his lips and almost shoved my tits in his face.
I looked at Carl. I knew that look. He had a look of lust on his face. I blew a kiss at him, mouthed I love you, and turned back to Scott. The music stopped.
"I'm next," declared Jim waving $40. I took the forty and shoved it in my bra and started dancing.
"Hey wait," Jim protested.
"What," I stopped perplexed.
"Scott got a button for twenty," he complained.
I looked at Carl. He just shrugged his shoulders.
I thought about it. I was wearing a pretty pink lace push up bra.
What the hell. I started dancing, and as I did I played with another button on my shirt. The table next to us had two men and one woman. They started chanting, "do it, do it, it." Other tables were looking on to see what was going on. That made me put more into it.
I undid the button and my bra was completely showing. I pushed my chest forward and shook my tits in Jim's face. Then I lowered myself in his lap facing away from him. This time I was ready for the hard cock, in fact I was anticipating it, hoping it was there. It was and I ground down on it. It felt good against my ass. I was getting a thrill making other men besides my husband hard.
As I did with Scott I got up and straddled Jim's lap facing him. I shook my tits in his face and ground my pussy against his cock. It felt good.
I looked at Carl. He was watching intently. I grabbed his hand, leaned over and kissed him, hard, he kissed back.
Just then Jim grabbed my ass and pulled me into his lap, specifically his cock, as he thrust upwards and ground against my pussy against his cock. it was all too much. I came.
"Oh fuck," I let out a moan. I knew the guys were kind of aware what happened. I looked at Carl. He knew immediately what had happened too. First he looked shocked, then he kissed me again.
"That was fucking amazing," he whispered as he hugged me.
I stopped gyrating and climbed off Jim's lap.
"I'm next," salad Don waving $60.
I just shook my head. I was too shocked at what had happened to do it again. Part of me wanted to. It was intense coming on a strange man's cock, even if it was covered. I loved it. I was having a hard time dealing with the mixed emotions.
I went back to Carl. "Can we go?" I asked.
He saw the urgency in my eyes.
"Of course," he said.
Although the guys protested we made our goodbyes and left.
As soon as we hit the car I pushed him against the car and kissed him. Not kissed him, ravaged him. My hand rubbed his hard cock as I kissed him.
"Take me home and fuck me," I breathed.
We hopped in the car and as we drove I reached over and rubbed his cock. I couldn't contain myself and unzipped his pants and pulled it out. I stroked it as we drove home.
"Fuck baby, that feels good," he said. "What's got into you?"
"Shut up and get me home," I said.
I unbuttoned my pants and pushed them down a bit and stuck my other hand down them and started playing with my clit. I gave a sharp intake of breath as soon as I touched myself. I continued to jerk him off and play with myself the 20 minutes we drove home.
"That was hot," I finally said.
"Yeah? Which part?" he asked.
"All of it," I explained.
He pushed it. "So you liked giving lap dances?"
"Yes," I said shyly.
"You looked hot," he said.
"I did?" I replied.
"Very hot," then he laid it on me, "especially when you came."
"I'm sorry," I quickly apologized.
"Don't be sorry," he told me. "That was one of the hottest things I've ever seen."
"Yeah?" I teased? "You liked watching your wife cum?"
"A lot," he said.
Then, I just said it, "even on another man's cock?"
"I think that's what made it so hot," he said. "Kind of like watching porn with your favorite star."
"What made you cum?" he asked.
"I've never felt another man's hard cock before, let alone have it hard for me," I answered honestly.
"Fuck," he said as he drove and I stroked his cock. "That makes it even hotter."
We finally reached the house, parked the car and ran in. Luckily Carl had put his cock away. I barely zipped my pants. As we ran in the front door. There was Veronica. Fuck, I'd forgotten about Veronica.
"Oh my god," she laughed. "What's up with you two? Have fun at the club? Wait, it was a strip club. Did you guys strip? " she laughed again.
"No we didn't strip," I replied in a tense voice. "We're going to bed."
I grabbed Carl and dragged him to the bedroom. As soon as the door was closed I dropped to my knees and finished undoing his pants. I pulled off his shoes and socks and then pulled his pants off. He pulled off his shirt. With him standing there naked and me on my knees I wrapped my lips around his cock and started giving him a blow job.
"I love sucking your cock," I said.
"I love the way you look sucking cock," he replied.
"Sucking your cock," I answered.
"I bet you'd look hot sucking any cock," he answered.
I stopped and looked at him. "Really? You mean someone else's? I've never sucked or even held any cock but yours."
I mean I was shocked, but I'd read porn, I knew that kind of thing happened. Just never thought about it.
He thought a second. I went back to sucking his cock. " bet you'd look sexy sucking someone else's cock," he said.
I stood up and tore off my clothes. I dragged him to the bed and fell on my back spreading my legs. As he climbed on top of me I wa so wet his hard cock entered me. I moaned.
He started fucking me hard. It wasn't minutes before I started cumming and he came almost immediately after that.
We both lay on the bed catching our breath.
"It turns me on," I said.
"What?" he asked.
"Thinking of other cocks," I admitted. "I've only known yours."
"That turns me on," he replied.
"What? That I've only been with you?" I asked.
"No, that you think about other cocks," he said.
We both just lay there holding hands. We fell asleep.
We awoke to the sound of the doorbell ringing. It took us a moment to realize what was happening.
"Golf," we both said at the same time.
I jumped up, pulled on one of Carl's T-shirts and went to get the door. I don't think I realized how short it was. I could barely move without flashing my ass.
Just as I opened the door Veronica came up behind me. She was wearing a loose short pair of running shorts and a cropped T-shirt that showed a lot of belly.
I stood there blinking for a sec.
"Ummmm.... Carl's just finishing dressing. Would you like to come in for coffee?" I asked.
"We'd love to," said Bobby.
They all came in and sat at the table. I started making coffee. I was semi aware of what I was wearing. I kind of wondered if I was showing too much but I couldn't really make a scene going to change and, if I was going to be honest, I kinda hoped I was.
I puttered around the kitchen getting coffee. I could feel the guys, and Veronica's, eyes on me.
Veronica spoke first. "So, did you guys have fun last night?"
They all looked at each other.
Come on," she said. "I know you went to Centerfolds, was it fun?"
Bobby spokeup, "Well, some of us had more fun than others."
They all laughed.
"Oh how so?" she pressed.
"Well, your mom only lap danced, OOF." The oof was Don hitting Bobby to stop talking.
Unfortunately Veronica didn't miss it.
"Lap dance?" she asked looking at me.
The guys all looked at each other. Then everyone looked at me.
I couldn't take it. "Ok, I may have got a bit carried away and given a lap dance or two," I said as if waiving it off.
"Hmmm, was she showing as much ass as she is now?" she laughed.
I saw Carl enter the room just as she said it. Everyone looked at him. He looked at me, patted my ass, which I had thought was completely covered, and said, "no she wasn't, but too bad, it's a cute ass."
I felt my whole body turn red, but I made no move to cover myself.
"Ok, I'm ready to go," said Carl. "You guys ready?"
"Um...., do we have to?" joked Don.
"Don't worry," said Scott. "We're coming back here tonight to watch the game."
Don looked at me, "you'll join us?"
"Of course," I responded.
"And you?" he asked Veronica.
"Hell, wouldn't miss it," she said.
"Ok, I'm willing to go then," laughed Don.
The five of them headed out to the golf course.
The first thing out of her mouth as they left was, "that Don is kinda cute. Actually, they're all kinda cute."
"They're 10 years older than you," I lightly chastised.
"Oooooooo, experienced," she cooed. "And what's with the ass hanging out?"
"I didn't realize the shirt was that short," I defended myself. "They caught me by surprise."
"Uh huh," she responded giving me an odd look.
She helped me clean up and asked me what the strip club was like. I told her but left out the lap dances. She asked but I told her none of her business.
I went about my day doing normal stuff having anything but normal thoughts. I thought about Scott and Jim and how horny it made me giving them lap dances. I wondered why I didn't try to cover my ass once I found out it was showing. I realized I liked that they were looking at me.
Carl finally got home from golf. He said he was going to take a shower. I waited a few minutes, went to the bedroom, got undressed, and climbed in the shower with him.
"To what do I owe this pleasure," he said as I wrapped my arms around him.
"Complaining?" I asked.
He kissed me. His hands went to my ass and he pulled me into him. I bent one leg and leaned into him as we kissed.
"Mmmmmm," I sighed.
I felt his cock start to harden against my belly. I reached down and started stroking it. I enjoyed the way it hardened in my hand.
"Mmmmmm,, I love your cock," I said.
"Last night it seemed you just liked cock," he teased.
"I'm so embarrassed," I said quietly.
"Don't be. Watching you cum like that was one of the hottest things I ever saw," he calmed me.
"Really," I whispered. "You liked watching your wife acting like a slut grinding on another man's cock?" I was getting into this.
His cock got rock hard in my hand.
"Hmmmm, this feels like you liked it," I gave his cock a squeeze. All of a sudden it occurred to me, "Come to think of it, why didn't you mention my ass was hanging out this morning? You liked having other men look at me, didn't you?"
He moaned, pulled me close and kissed me. I kissed back, still stroking his cock.
"Mmmmm," I whispered. "You liked me being naughty." Then it occurred to me, "was it naughtier with your coworkers?"
That got a reaction. He kissed me hard and then grabbed my ass and lifted me. I'm only 105 and 5'1". We'd fucked in the shower before. I wrapped my legs around his waist. With Carl supporting me I reached down and guided his cock into me.
I moaned as he entered me. Using my arms around his neck and legs around his waist to hold myself, I held myself so he could thrust into me. I loved the feeling of being weightless and having his hard cock inside of me.
"So was it?" I whispered. "Was it hot watching your wife rub herself on your coworker? Guys you know have now seen your wife cum, not only that, they've seen my ass. Did you like that? Did you?"
He grabbed my ass harder and increased his pace. I'd hit on something. Not only that, it turned me on as well.
"Fuck yes," I moaned.
Still standing he pushed me up against the corner of the shower so he could get more leverage.
"Ugh, Uhnn, ughh," I grunted with each thrust.
As I was being fucked I pictured Carl's coworkers seeing my ass.
I whispered in his ear, "you like your wife acting slutty."
"Fuck yes," he gasped and as he did his body shuddered as he came. He came so hard I was afraid he was going to drop me. That fear kept me from cumming, but that was ok.
"Fuck yes," I whispered in his ear.
We had told the guys to stop by around 6. We'd grill some burgers and then watch the game. I pulled on a small pair of pink bikini panties and a sundress. I didn't need a bra. The dress was white and had shoulder straps. It had buttons about half way down the front. Then kind of dropped straight down to about mid thigh. I looked cute.
The guys showed up on time. We all had some beer and Carl threw the burgers on.
The conversation flowed easy and we were all laughing. We eventually got around to the previous night.
"So were you glad you came last night?" asked Jim.
He knew damn well I'd cum on his lap. The double entendres were thick in the air. Not to be out done I figured I might as well go along.
"I had a great time," I said. "I should come more often."
"Well you can come with us anytime. We'll invite you more so you can come more often," laughed Don.
"You can come with me anytime," said Bobby.
"Just ask," I teased. "I could probably come with you."
Well that crossed a small line. I looked at Carl to make sure he was ok. He smiled at me for assurance.
Just then Veronica bounced into the room. She must of got home while we were cooking. She was wearing a little pair of what we used to call, booty shorts, and a white cropped t.
"Whatcha talkin' about," she asked.
Don answered, "we were just saying how glad we were your mother came last night.
I shot Don a look.
"Was she a good lap dancer?" Veronica asked
"She was better than the strippers," answered Scott.
"Really," Veronica. "I wanna see this."
Conversation drifted to other topics. Veronica and Don kind of got into their own world. Then Veronica looked at me, "Mom?" She exclaimed.
"Did you really cum while giving a lap dance?" She asked.
I shot Don a meaner look.
"Uh Uh Ummmm," I stuttered.
"Oh my god, you did," she proceeded.
She looked at Carl. "What was that like dad?" she asked.
"Ummmm....sexy?" he replied.
"Actually, that sounds hot. All those people looking at you. I might not have been able to control myself either," she mused.
Bobby chimed in, "i missed out."
"How so?" asked Veronica.
"Your mom gave Jim and Scott lap dances but she never got to Don and I.
"That hardly seems fair," Veronica laughed.
"Yeah," said Bobby. "Hardly seems fair."
Then Jim started chanting. "Lap dance, lap dance, lap dance." The rest of the guys and Veronica joined in.
"Lap dance, lap dance, lap dance," they chanted.
My cheeks turned red. Probably my whole body. The idea of giving these guys private lap dances in my home both scared me and turned me on. I looked at Carl. He just shrugged his shoulders.
"There's no music," I protested lamely.
Next thing I know Carl has a mix on his pandora playing through the Bluetooth. He calls the mix Sexy. It's a mix that brings out the sexy in me.
"Fine, fine, I give up, who's first? I asked.
"Me first," Bobby jumped in. "I didn't get one at the club."
"Ok," I said and stood in front of him with my hand out.
He looked at me. "It was $20 at the club," I teased.
Everyone laughed. He pulled out $60. "If I remember it was $20 a button as well."
I took the $60 and went to put it in my bra and realized I wasn't wearing one. Instead I gave it to Carl.
I stood in front of Bobby and started dancing. This was my music jam. I knew how to move to it. I would bend over and give him a look down my dress. As I did I undid one button. I'd turn and shake my ass at him. I'd play with the hemline of my skirt almost showing my panties but not quite.
After a few. I lowered myself into his lap, There was that hard cock. I ground down on it. I leaned back against his body and undid the second button. I'm short so he was looking down over my shoulder. I wondered what he could see.
Then he put his hands on my thighs.
"Hey," I laughed. "isn't that against the rules?"
"House makes the rules," Bobby responded.
"Who's the house?" I asked. We all looked at Carl.
"Oh no," said Carl. "I'm ok with anything you're ok with."
"Well, we'll see," I laughed but didn't remove Bobby's hands.
Bobby put his knees together and my legs fell open on either side of his lap. With legs as short as mine my dress was almost to my crotch and I was sure my panties were showing. I reached back, put my arms around Bobby's neck and ground into his cock. His hands went to my hips and he pulled me into him.
"You go mom," said Veronica.
She'd moved to the kitchen and was standing behind the island. Don had moved with her and they were talking intently while they watched. You could tell his arm was touching her but couldn't see his hands.
"Take it off," Veronica laughed.
The guys joined in the chant, "take it off, take it off,". Even Carl was chanting.
I started playing with the hem of my dress. With Bobby lifting my hips to help me I pulled my dress up to my waist. My panties were now completely on display.
"Yeah mom," encouraged Veronica.
Don had moved behind her and you could tell she was grinding her ass into him. She stopped, looked over her shoulder, and kissed him.
I was still rubbing on Bobby's lap. I was actually pushing my pussy against his hard cock. With my dress around my waist it was easy for the guys to see what I was doing. Being watched was really turning me on.
Then Veronica started chanting, "cum for us, cum for us,".
The guys, including Carl, joined in.
I closed my eyes and pushed against Bobby's cock. His hands slid up under my dress and started playing with my tits and pulling on my nipples.
"Oh my god mom, that's so hot," moaned Veronica. Still grinding against Don.
"Take it off, take it off," she started again. The guys joined in.
Bobby moved his hands from my tits and grabbed the hem of my dress. He started pulling up. I locked eyes with Carl. I noticed his hand in his lap over his cock. I looked back over my shoulder. Bobby leaned in and kissed me. I kissed back. I felt my dress being lifted over my tits. I raised my arms and the dress was off. I looked at it on the ground like it belonged to someone else.
There were hoots and calls around the room. I looked at Veronica. Her eyes were on me but she had a look of passion on her face. I wondered what Don was doing with his hands back there.
Bobby's hand went back to my tits. As I looked at Veronica Don moved one of his hands up under her shirt and cupped her tits. You could tell she wasn't wearing a bra. She moaned.
Then the chant changed. "Cum,cum, cum,". All eyes on me I could feel my orgasm rising as I rubbed my clit against Bobby's cock.
All of the sights, sounds, and feelings washed over me all of a sudden I came with a crashing orgasm. "Oh my fucking god,"
At the same time Veronica threw her head back and said, "fuck yes."
We all looked at her. She had a guilty expression on her face. She turned and kissed Don. Don reached down, picked her up and sat her on the counter. Her booty shorts were missing and she was just wearing a little thong. I realized he'd probably made her cum with his fingers behind the counter.
I looked at Scott and Jim. Both of them had pulled their hard cocks out and were holding them in their hands. I was so concentrating on what was happening to me, I didn't see them do it.
"You know, I've never seen anyone's cock but my husband's," I said.
I looked at Carl. He was smiling. I sat on Bobby's lap catching my breath. Scott was sitting next to me. I reached out and tentatively encircled his cock with my hand. The skin was soft, the cock hard.
Bobby put his hands on the bands of my panties and started to push them down. As I slowly stroked Scott's cock.
I stopped him. "wait, if my husband wants my panties off he's going to have to take them off," I proclaimed.
I walked over to Carl. "Do you want my panties on the ground?" I asked.
Everyone, including Veronica, started chanting, "take them off, take them off."
"These are you coworkers babe. Do you want them to see how naughty your wife can be? I've never been naked in front of another naked cock. It's giving me very naughty thoughts."
The chanting started again. "Take them off, take them off."
Carl reached over and put his hands in the band of my panties. I looked him in the eye. "You sure babe? These guys work with you."
He smiled, slowly he pulled my panties down over my ass. I was already wet, I was getting wetter as I felt my ass become exposed. Carl pushed my panties to ground and I stepped out of them.
I turned around to face everyone. I gave a silly grin, put my hands up and said, "now what?"
Don said, "i haven't had a lap dance yet."
"Yeah," said Veronica, "what about Don?"
I thought you were taking care of him," I retorted.
"I'm open," she laughed.
"Ok, your turn," I said to Don.
"Wait," said Veronica. She pulled Don to her and kissed him. As she did she undid his pants and pulled his cock out. "There, now you're ready."
Everyone laughed. Don took a seat in front of me. Standing there naked.in a room full of men with their cocks out all of a sudden hit me. The room was quiet.
Veronica broke the spell. "Wooohoo. Shake it Mama," she coaxed.
"Yeah," cheered the guys. "Shake it, shake it, shake it."
I stood in front of Don and started to dance. As I swayed my body I couldn't take my eyes off the four cocks in front of me. I wondered how they felt, how they tasted.
I remembered a move the strippers did. I got down on my knees and.crawled to Don. His cock was out and standing straight up. I brought my mouth to it and breathed on it. I saw a drop of pre cum on the tip.
"Do it mom," coaxed Veronica.
"Do it, do it, do it," the chanting started.
I flicked my tongue out and tasted the pre cum. A cheer went up. It tasted different, familiar but different.
"Suck it, suck it, suck it," went the chant.
I wrapped my hand around I lowered my mouth on Don's cock. Again I marveled at the softness of the skin covering the rigid pole. I looked back to Carl. I noticed he had his cock out of his pants and was slowly jacking it.
I saw Bobby get up to talk to Veronica. It looked funny his cock sticking straight out.
"Suck it, suck it," they continued.
I lowered my mouth around the tip. A cheer went up from the group.
I looked at Don. "You're the second cock I've ever sucked," I said.
"I'm honored,l he replied.
"You better be," I said and took his cock back in my mouth. I liked the way it felt. I bobbed my head up and down. With my hand still wrapped around his cock jacking it as I sucked. I knew these guys had probably had a lot of blow jobs. I wanted mine to be one of the best.
"How am I doing?" I asked.
"It feels great," Don replied.
I went back to sucking. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Bobby and Veronica. Bobby was standing behind her. He was whispering in her ear and had his hands up her shirt playing with her tits. She was grinding her ass and back into his exposed cock. The thought of my daughter acting as naughty as I was turned me on.
"Mmmmm, mom, you look so hot," she said.
I continued to suck Don's cock. Scott was sitting next to him stroking his cock. I reached out and wrapped my hand around his cock and stroked it as I sucked Don's cock. Two cocks at once, my god, I'd fantasized, but never thought I'd do it.
Scott moved a bit closer. I lifted my head off Don's cock and took Scott's cock in my mouth. It was thicker than Don"s. It tasted different. I went back and forth sucking cocks as I sucked one I jacked the other.
I felt a hand on my ass. Then a finger slid from my clit and into my pussy. I was so wet there was no resistance. Then two fingers. I looked and Jim had got up and got behind me. 'Oh my god' I thought. He's going to fuck me'.
"Fuck her," hissed Veronica.
My own daughter wanted to watch me get fucked, by strangers, nonetheless. Why did that turn me on? Why did I want to show these people what a slut I could be.
I turned and looked at Jim. "Do it, fuck me," I moaned.
I felt the head of his cock part my pussy lips. "Oooooooooo," I moaned. It felt so good. "Baby," I cooed. "Your workmate is fucking me. The second cock I ever had is someone you work with."
I stopped sucking the two cocks in front of me. I couldn't concentrate on anything but the cock in my pussy.
"Oh fuck, yes, fuck me, fuck that feels good," I moaned.
I looked at Veronica. Her panties and shirt were on the floor. She was on her knees in front of Bobby sucking his cock.
I continued to hold onto Scott and Don's cock as Jim pounded me from behind.
"Ughh, unnnhh, unghnnnn," I grunted as he thrust into me.
I felt an orgasm start to rise. "Oh Carl, I'm going to cum on his cock. Fuck, fuck, oh fuck," I cried. My fucking god, it feels so good."
"I'm going to cum," Jim warned me.
"Fuck yes, cum for me. Cum in my pussy, cum for me," I groaned.
"Oh shit," I heard Veronica moan. I looked and she was on her back with Bobby pounding his cock into her.
I felt Jim's cock pulse and a flood of hot cum filled my pussy. I came soaking his cock, I'm what they call a squirter. "Fuck yes,. I screamed and as I did Veronica also screamed, "oh fuck." I think she came too.
I turned to look just to see Bobby pull out of Veronica and squirt his cum all over her tits and belly. It looked so hot.
"My turn," Scott said. He scooped me up in his arms and standing up grabbed me by the ass. I wrapped my arms around his neck and legs around his waist. I reached down and grabbed his cock and as he lowered me I aimed his cock at my soaked pussy. He slid right in. As he did I could feel Jim's cum being forced out of my pussy.
He continued to fuck me standing up. I wrapped my arms around his neck and legs around his waist to support myself. Using his powerful arms he continued to raise me up and down on his cock.
Next thing I know Jim is behind me. Scott leans up against the wall. Jim takes his fingers and, using the cum dripping out my pussy and the juices from me squirting, he starts rubbing it all over my asshole and sticking his fingers in my ass.
Scott lifted me up a bit and spread my ass cheeks and Jim positioned his cock at the entrance to my ass. Now I'd had anal sex before but of course never had two cocks in me at once. The idea scared and thrilled me.
"Fuck baby, he's going to fuck my aas," I exclaimed to Carl.
"That's it mom. You can take it," encouraged Veronica.
Sandwiched between Scott and Jim I felt Jim's cock start to penetrate my ass. I just tried to relax and let it happen. As he entered me I felt weightless, suspended on two cocks. I felt full. I couldn't really fuck, I just sort of rocked between the two cocks in me.
As I rocked between them a wave of orgasm washed over me.
"Oh my fucking god," I practically screamed. "Fuck me, god dammit, fuck me."
My orgasm rolled over me. As it did I hung onto Scott's neck. I may have bit him. The guys kept fucking me. I felt limp. Jim slowly disengaged from my ass. Scott laid me down on the couch and kept fucking me.
I looked over. Veronica was on her hands and knees. She had Bobby's cock in her mouth and Don was fucking her from behind. Just the sight of that made me cum again. I squirted all over Scott's cock.
"Fuck Carl," I panted. "Can you believe what sluts your wife and daughter can be?"
Carl got up without a word, he walked over to me hard cock in hand. He jerked it about two more times and a torrent of cum hit my face, tits, and belly.
"That's it baby cum for me. Paint your slutty little wife with your cum," I hissed.
As I said that I heard Veronica. She let out a grunt like she'd obviously cum. I saw Donny withdraw his soft cock from her pussy. He must have cum inside her. Bobby flipped her over and stuck his cock in her messy pussy. She reached down and held her legs open as he fucked her.
Scott was still slowly fucking me. I turned my attention to him.
"Cum for me, cum in me, cum on me. I don't care, just cum for me," I cooed.
Scott picked up pace and started pounding my pussy. I raised hips trying to meet each thrust. I felt his cock start to pulse. I could feel the hot cum fill me up. I came again. Scott's cock slowly slid out of me.
I lay on the couch covered with cum and cum leaking out of my pussy. I watched Veronica get fucked. She had cum drying on her skin as she thrust her hips at Don.
"Ughhh, unnnnh, unnngh," she grunted with every thrust.
My fingers very lightly played with my clit as I watched.
All of a sudden Veronica lets out a, "fuck yes." I assume she came.
Don started to withdraw his cock. You could see it was getting softer and dripping cum.
"Wow," said Veronica.
"I need sleep," I murmered.
I looked at the guys now in various states of undress.
"You guys want to spend the night," I asked. They all agreed.
Veronica and I got everyone settled and headed to bed. I took a shower and climbed into bed next to Carl. I snuggled up next to him.
"I love you," I said.
"I love you too, my porn star wife," and kissed me passionately. We both fell asleep.
At some time in the middle of the night I felt the bed shift. I looked and it was Scott. He was naked and climbing on my bed. He pulled at me till I was on my hands and knees next to Carl. I didn't resist. Without a word he slid his cock in me from behind and started fucking me. Right next to Carl and in my own bed.
I watched Carl's sleeping form as I was being fucked. I wanted him to know.
I kissed him on the lips. "Wake up Carl. Scott is fucking me. In our bed,"
Carl sleepily woke up and then looked at Scott. He didn't say a word, he just kissed me.
As I kissed Carl I felt Scott start to cum. "He's cumming," I said and kissed Carl again.
Scott got off the bed. "Your wife has a great pussy," he said.
Carl just said, " I know."
We fell back asleep.
I woke up and went to the kitchen to make coffee. All the guys were there and dressed. Except for Veronica who was naked bent over the counter with Don fucking her from behind. Everyone just ignored them.
I made everyone coffee. There was a little tension in the air.
"Well," said Scott. "That was much better than a strip club."
That broke the ice. We all laughed.
I made breakfast, Don finished fucking Veronica, and conversation flowed. As the guys left they told us we should visit them in Dallas. I looked at Carl.
"Maybe we will," I said.
==========================
Author's note: hope you enjoyed the story. Don't forget to rate it and leave a comment. I read all comments and feedback and try to respond to all feedback with an email address.