A night not really different than most. Or so I thought.
It's nighttime. 10o'clock or so. And I'm in the car. Probably shouldn't be wasting gas but fuck it. A night alone. So I'm out here.
Not too much of anything. A blunt or two and beer. Hoping the feds don't fuck with me tonight. I'm trying chill. But damn, I'm just driving.
Three minutes and a couple corners later, I'm two blocks down from my baby mama's house. Hummm.
'Wonder what this hoe up to' I think to myself. And I'm about see. I really want to. This weed and shit talking. I'm zoning and hope she there. I guess it thrills me to be nosey. By nosey I mean, peeping Tom.
I mean a few times I've rode through. Might've hopped out. Took a walk around the block but in her windows I may have looked too long. Perfect timing I could call this night though.
Some lights on. Still 6-7 houses down I can tell it's some action. Someone's home. Cool. I'm near the driveway now and ease my steps towards the front porch. Look in one window. I'm trying to make out any movement. It's difficult through these blinds but I can't sitting duck myself. Next window.. wallah!
Her sitting on the loveseat, facing the the direction I am. Can see she's fidgeting with a phone.
Her bf is five feet away from her. Standing up in front of the couch on the connecting wall.
I'm geeked. Jackpot. And I'm just talking about finding them here and I can play peekaboo till I should probably go home. I don't want to right now. For sure.
Few minutes drag by. They are practically not moving. Until she looks up at him, and says something. He responds. Then starts walking towards her. I duck. Boom. 'Fuck!' I scream inside. Trying not to blow it and get caught, i snail myself to a standing position. I hear no scattering coming from inside the house so I'm losing my anxious.
But oh my gosh damn. What I returned to, as I scoped back in the blinds, changed my life.
Him standing over her at 6ft. Her sitting as before. With her hands at his waist and her head in his lap.
Ding ding ding!
Never have I ever thought I'd be in a moment like this but I was glued. Ok so two things. I'm a straight guy, one. And two, I can keep it real. So no funny shit but I see why she rushed him in after me.
This guy was standing so casual. Phone in hand. Into that. Paying no mind to the pretty, and obviously cock hungry, bitch trying to devour him.
And what a man's dick does he have. A brown polish sausage hung from his zipper. And the woman I would kiss goodnight and good morning to every day is snaking her pretty little lips up this pole of a penis. I'm stuck.
I can't remember ever looking behind me again to see another if you know another person was watching me play spy. But I did not care.
He had to put his phone to the side. She shunned his 'record her' notion. No lie, I was ready to record.
This dick is getting big. By this dick I mean the lucky nigga feeding my ex lover half his dick right now. Half is about four inches. It's a whole handful plus dick she can stoke outside what's filling her cute mouth. Damn I loved kissing that bitch. And when she kissed me. And now I'm damn near cheering her on to eat this big black cock she has at her will. And I can tell he loves it. Head held back. Then right back down to view this beautiful young woman sucking his stick.
This about 15 minutes until she pushes him back. Sitting him on the couch to get on her knees. "O-k!" I say to myself.
She's throating this nigga's dick and I want to be their photographer. She begins shedding clothes. Shirt, then unbuttons her pants, stand up all while this long dick never leaves her lips.
I'm throbbing in my pants. Cannot look away. She slides his pants off completely and walk back to him. Grabs the dick and straddles on top of him. It's just like the porn. Her on top, ass hiked up as that wet pussyhole finds that mushroom dickhead. Slowly slides down on it. His hands got her round asscheeks spread and I can see the pussy juice running down that bbc.
I'm so turned on. Don't know if I want to stuff her sexy freaky ass or help her please those hard 9inches she's currently filled with.
About ten minutes of that, and this where I get jealous. Lol.
He pulls her off, placing her face in the cushion. Bringing her hips up, I knew what was coming. They are facing the same direction as myself, so there back is to me. Her ass is to me. Pussy open from riding her daddy's dick. He slides right back in. Doggystyle.
Wap wap wap. Smack. Ohhh Baby. Damn daddy. Wap wap wap. I'm talking pound after pound of long dick has her moaning insane. I'm on rock.
They go blow for blow almost 10 minutes straight and I can nut right along with them. I know she is in heaven. And he is sent from heaven with that big ass dick. Damn.
Hope I catch a rerun. Lol.