Dorothy
A person from my past
Like my other stories I try to leave the sex details out so your mind can do its thing. If you need details there are plenty of stories that offer them.
My kids convinced me that I needed to get into the new century by getting on one of those social media applications for my smart cell phone, which they also insisted I needed. So being a good follower and tired of fighting a losing battle I did. One of them held school all of one afternoon and I was now able to follow the daily doses of what my kids and grandkids had for lunch and what movies they were watching. Luckily the two great-granddaughters didn't have accounts and the parents did post updates on the little darlings.
Then the strangest things started to happen. A friend from high school contacted me and then another one. Four guys and one lady from college sent out hellos. Maybe this wasn't all bad. Messages were exchanged and in a couple of cases we began to email back and forth on an erratic basis. I didn't trust the other program to keep things private.
The last thing I expected was a note from Dorothy Peterson Anderson. Dorothy was a school mate in grade school and had married a guy named Anderson. I had a crush on her back then but being shy and backward had never had the courage to say or do anything to tell her about it. I would ride my bike past her house and hope she might appear. If she did I would stop and make small talk and try to keep from drooling.
We were soon sending email message back and forth on a weekly schedule. Our lives had kind of followed similar paths. She went to a different high school then me because her home was in a different district than mine even though we lived within one block of each other. We both married during college. She had two children and I had three. We both had four grandkids and I had two great-granddaughters and Dorothy had one girl and one boy great-grandchildren. We both lost our spouses strangely the same year four years ago. Her husband passed from cancer and my wife died in an auto accident.
You may have noticed that we were not spring chickens any more. Both of us were seventy-one years old. I was pleasantly surprised when Dorothy suggested that we meet for coffee someday. Plans were made and on a sunny morning we meet at a bakery near her home. I was so happy to see her. She was still the tall slim beauty that had been a masturbation fantasy all those years ago. I didn't tell her that but I did tell her she was still beautiful and she still had the blush that I remembered.
That brunch brought up several more over the following weeks. Then it was a visit to a flower garden. Then there was a trip to a museum and lunch. The show Lion King traveled to our city and we watched it. She talked me into a country western bar that offered something called line dancing. More lunches and trips to other local places, we even visited a cathedral just so she could photograph the interior.
As expected dinners were mixed into the other things we did. I would pay one time and she insisted on paying her share of the times. I liked that she was strong enough to not play the little woman.
She wanted to make us I home cooked meal and I wasn't against the idea. As she was finishing up the preparation I was admiring some of her photos hanging on the walls. She was very good, really very good. I think she might have been able to sell some of her work. In my past I had been an art director at a major magazine. One of many that had folded when the internet took control of the world and we didn't adapt.
As we ate we talked about her photography. Dorothy insisted it was just a hobby but admitted she had wished she had worked at it more when she was younger. All of her work was landscapes or flowers and a little wildlife. When I asked her why there were no portraits hanging on the walls she indicated she didn't feel comfortable directing a model. "Come on, you had no problem telling me where to sit tonight, or directing me over to the pictures in the hallway. You kind of taught that line dancing thing. It's no different with a model. You speak and he or she moves and does this or that. I think you could do it. All it takes is being positive and if the model has a problem with your directions you find another one."
After dinner we sat around, chatted and had an after dinner drink and around ten I left. I was happily surprised when she gave me a quick peck on the lips as I was putting my jacket on. Damn I was feeling something stirring in my slacks. Was there romance at my age? Not likely was my brain telling me but my other head was hinting at maybe yes. For the first time in a month I masturbated that night and I didn't need porn to help.
The next morning I had an email from Dorothy apologizing for being so bold last night and please don't think badly of her. I quickly answered and told her how enjoyable the whole evening was and how it was a very pleasant way for it to end. I followed up with another message complimenting her on the photos I had seen and suggested she should really think about doing some work with a live person. That afternoon she answered back, telling me it would be hard without a proper studio, the lights and backdrops. I responded and told her the outdoors was an ideal place to start. She had the flower garden and the pool what more did she need.
Nothing more was said about it until two weeks later. As we had another coffee at our favorite bakery, "Would you model for me? You've made me think about it and I think I'd like to try it. You know...Just give it a try. See how it works. I'll not to be too demanding. Maybe we could try late some afternoon when the light is good?"
I confessed it wasn't a good idea for me to do it. "You need a young body. Not an old goat." An almost argument started until I agreed. "John it was your idea I try this. You had damn well better be willing to do your part" kind of tipped the scales in her direction. The damn kind of surprised me; she had never uttered a strong word before, at least not in my hearing.
So plans were made, the weather would be a factor. Dorothy wanted a cloudy day because harsh shadows can cause problems. The weather lady promised a three day stretch of clouds so she wanted to try in the second day. The forecast was wrong. Bright, not a cloud in the sky, so we sat by the pool under an awning drinking iced tea. "Would you like to try inside? I could sit in the kitchen or the couch? If you open the curtains there would be natural light. When I was picking out photos for the magazine some of the best were taken like that."
"If you can sit still we could try. I will want to work with a low ISO. Let's do it. I'm kind of excited to order you around."
All the lights in the room were turned on and the curtains pulled back. I followed her directions. Frowning, smiling, blank expressions and she seemed satisfied. She downloaded them to her computer and after throwing out a bunch decided that maybe the few she saved were not too bad. "I'll need to do a little work on them but generally I'm pleased. You're a good subject John. Thank you." As I got ready to leave I was rewarded with another quick kiss.
Two days later I got an email asking if I would be willing to pose again. Having decided I didn't mind being the center of her attention and the reward was nice I quickly agreed. A week later I was knocking on the door. It was a hot day and I was sweating a bit just waiting for her to answer the door. "This may not work. The air conditioning just stopped working. It's going to be hotter than hades in here shortly and the fixit guy is booked through to Friday."
After we talked about it for a minute or two we decided to give it a try. Dorothy was right; it was getting warm real fast in her home. "I'm thinking maybe this is a good thing. You have a good look with the sweat running down your face. Can you hold a few poses? I'll crank up the ISO so you don't have to freeze in place."
She opened her shirt to the third button letting a little cleavage show. "John...Would you be ok with taking off your shirt? And then stand by the door like your just coming home from the salt mine."
"You are aware I don't have a six-pack anymore, right?"
"Ya...And I don't have perky boobs either. Something about aging causes it to happen. And no I'm not taking my shirt off."
So I did it. She took a bunch of shots. Having me move this way and then move that way. An hour later I was wringing wet. Even my pants had damp spots. "OK, that's it. I have tortured you enough. Let's have a glass of tea and relax. I'm going to wait until the air is fixed before I even load theses photos on my machine."
I pulled my shirt back on without buttoning it up. "You know for an old man you're in really good shape. Maybe no six-pack but you're not fat and the muscles are still there. I remember seeing you in the seventh and eighth grade and running around without a shirt and all tanned, you had a strong look about you. Believe me you still got it."
Now it was my turn to blush and stutter and stammer. Feeling those urges I quickly finished my tea and buttoned up and headed for the door. "Wait...Just a second" and Dorothy gave me another quick kiss. "Thank you John, I'm happy to have found you again. I hope you are enjoying this, you know the times together and the being my model. I'll let you know how the pics turn out when I get a look at them."
Less than a week later I got a message from Dorothy telling me she was so pleased with some of my photos. She said the sweat and my being shirtless was priceless. I should be a professional model and could she be my agent. Well I have to admit the boast to my ego did cause a big jump up. And when she asked if we could do another session it took another jump. My head was going to have a problem fitting under my hat. I was enjoying this way better than I could have ever considered.
We went out to a movie and dinner the next Friday as we were having an after dinner drink, "John...I'm going to ask you for something you may not be comfortable with. Please if I'm out of line just say no and I'll forget it. I don't want to lose your friendship. You know the visiting and the stuff like shows and movies and dinners. I really enjoyed cooking for you and to be honest it's easier to cook for two than it is for one. Actually it was easier to cook for the whole family than to cook for two also but it is what it isn't?"
"Go ahead ask away. If I can I'll do it but I'm not going to do something stupid or illegal. You got an enemy you want rubbed out you will need to hire a hitman."
"Well you CAN do it. The question is will you do it." A long pause as Dorothy finished off her glass of wine and indicated to pour her more and after I did we had another long pause as she drank half of what I had poured. "OK...Will you...Pose...Again...For me?"
"Ya, what's the big deal. I kind of enjoyed it. You seem to like doing it. Not a big deal, whenever it works for both of us I'd be happy to."
"Naked."
"Whoa. I didn't see that coming. You mean with no clothes on? Like exposed...Completely?"
"That's what I'm asking, yes. Please don't freak out. If you're not comfortable just say so. I'll understand. It's kind of crazy but I just thought I would like to do it. Anyway...What do you think?"
"I gotta think about that. You saw me without a shirt. Why would you want to see even more of a worn out body? I mean there are parts that are not presentable to a lady. Guys get arrested for showing some of those parts. Can I think about it? You're sure you want to do that?"
"Yes, I'm sure. I've been thinking about it ever since we did the no shirt thing. And yes, please don't answer right now. Think about it. Please think about it. And if the answer is no I'll understand. I wouldn't want this to cause a break in our friendship; I've grown fond of you and don't want to ruin that."
"OK...I'll think about it. Just to be clear...You expect to see everything? You know everything? And photograph it?"
"Google naked men and see what comes up. I don't expect some of the same results. Like naked women were they only do the young and attractive ladies. The same is true of the man sites. I know, like me, some things have lost their youthful splendor. Now can you please take me home? I've embarrassed myself enough for one night."
Two days later I emailed her and said I would do it, trying to add a little humor, only if she would still respect me the next day. The day before the answer was no and If I had waited another day I probably would have said no. But I did say yes so I was in it for better or worse. A trip to the gym probably wasn't going to change anything in the next wee k so I'll just grin and bear it. Bear it all it sounded like.
She answered back in less than five minutes with many thanks and a few instructions. No underwear or socks because it causes lines on the skin. No trimming of hairy places, she wanted it natural. She would fix us a lunch and I could wear a bathrobe to let other skin marks disappear. There was no way a couple of the marks would be gone. The scar on my left leg from shrapnel would follow me to my grave a long with the incision marks from knee surgery three years ago. Oh yes and where the bullet had gone in and out on my right ass cheek was there forever. Other than that I was in good shape.
The big day arrived all too soon. I was really tempted to cancel the whole thing but I had made a commitment and my pride made me knock on her door. Dorothy was wearing what used to be called a Mumu, a shapeless dress type thing that just hangs from the shoulders. "I turned the air off. I would like the sweaty look again. I hope that's OK."
I told her that she was in charge and whatever she wanted that's what we would do. "Thank you. Lunch is almost ready so if you would go in the bathroom. Strip everything off. Jump in the shower and wash yourself and try and rub the marks from your pants waist and whatever. Then there's a robe hanging on the door. You can put that on. Then lunch and then we can start. I have some ideas on poses so I'm anxious to start."
Lunch was good. I tried to stall but it was plain Dorothy was ready. So I asked her where the studio was and let's get started. "First I want the living room. A friend loaned me some lights and showed me how to set them up so I think I'm all set. Then if it's ok we might move it all to the bedroom for a few more shots."
I had things under control at first. I had turned when I dropped the robe on the floor and kicked it away. When I turned around she asked me about the scars from the bullet. I explained I was running but not fast enough and stopped there. We started off with a few shots of my backside. "You got a nice butt John. The scars just add character. When she got down kneeling behind and she took close-up of the scar I almost freaked out.
Then she asked me to sit on a chair. I was able to keep things hidden. The couch was ok until I had to lie back. Then it got embarrassing. I had been lying on the couch with my outside leg raised and hiding my stuff. And I started to get hard. Maybe I shouldn't have allowed myself to get into this situation. Hindsight is always 20-20.
"OK John, now I want you to drop that leg and let your foot rest on the floor. So your pubic hair and penis are a little visible. "Oh...You're hard aren't you? Well OK...Can you kind of push it down so it doesn't show quite so much? No...That's not going to work. OK...How about you hold the base and let it stick straight up? That's good. Let me take a few that shots way. Now a close-up if I may? Wow...I really did kind of thought that kind of thing didn't happen anymore. Don't men your age have problems with that doing that? I am very impressed. That is a whopper isn't it. Are you on those erection pills?"
"Ahhh...No...I guess I'm Ahhh...Still able to...Ahhh you know."
"Well I think that's just wonderful, you can still get that way. Yes...Quite wonderful."
Dorothy moved in so close it was a bit uncomfortable. I mean she was taking close-ups of my penis and testes. I had to say something, "Well it's not like it used to be. Not as hard as when I was younger and not so quick to respond if you know what I mean."
"Looks like it responded just fine." Then she took ahold of it. "And I think it feels hard enough. Yes I think it's plenty hard. Do you mind if I?"
And without waiting for an answer she wrapped her fingers around and started to slowly work her hand up and down. Ever so slowly, up and down. The last few years it was taking me a longer time to orgasm but I was thinking if this keeps up it's not going to be long now. As my breaths started coming faster her hand kept pace.
"Ahhh...Dorothy...If you keep...Ahhh doing that...There's goanna be a problem."
"Not a problem John. You just let it happen."
"I'm not relaxing. Don't stop...Please don't stop. It's feeling really good." Then it happened. Now I'm no longer able to shoot like before but I did manage one good shot and then a solid stream out and down across her hand and fingers.
"That's it John let it happen. Let it all out. Good job big fella."
As I feel back into a relaxed state Dorothy let go of me and walked over for a towel that was draped over a chair. "Let's clean this up and then maybe we can go back to taking a few more photos. If that is OK with you, what do you think? Are we all relaxed and ready to continue?"
"Give me a minute and I'll be able to continue. Are you OK? Not feeling any extra pressure? I could maybe return the favor if you wanted."
"No...No...I'm good. Excellent in fact, yes no problem, ready to get back to work. I'll just clean my fingers. Don't want to get the camera messy ya know." She then proceeded to lick the back of her hand and suck her fingers clean.
"Back on the couch John and drop that outside leg so I can get a few shots of you all soft and relaxed. That's perfect, just what I wanted earlier before you did what you did. Well maybe what I did."
We spent the next twenty - thirty minutes taking photos. All was good, Dorothy was acting very professional. Giving directions and it went good. She even had me doing poses like they do at body builder contests. Kind of silly I thought but she was the boss.
"OK, I think I've just about got everything I can here. I want to get a few in the bedroom. Can you help me move the lights and set them up in there?" As I grabbed the first fixture Dorothy patted my butt. "Good job John. This is going great."
Wasn't that strange? Was she complementing my skills as a model? Or was it my ability to help move stuff, maybe my erection? Should I ask her? I think not. I'll just pretend I know what she's talking about.
"Hay John, got any idea what I'm talking about?" What is she some kind of mind reader?
"Sure it's my modeling ability right?"
"If that's what you're thinking go for it big guy."
After the lights were in place, it took a few moves before she was happy, "Good, now I would like you to lie down on your stomach. I want a few more butt shots if that's ok. Maybe a few close ups of those scars, very intriguing. And then a few full body shots."
"Excellent now could you move your legs apart so I could get the man parts in the picture? You'll have to push them down so they're between your legs. There you go, just like that, thank you."
"Now, how about you roll lover and lie on your side and hide the stuff with the top leg." Good, I got a few that way no open up, to show it all off again."
"Yah know...You do have a good looking cock. The girls would like these photos I'm getting. Would you consider signing a model's release?"
"No."
"Pretty please, I gave you a hand job. That should be worth something, right?"
"The answer is still no."
"Could I just maybe show them to a couple of my friends?"
"It's still a no."
"Meany. Maybe you'll reconsider if I be nice to you again? How about, will this change your mind?" And she dropped her dress and stood there naked in front of me. "This might work; I can see some swelling taking place again. Can you really get hard one more time? "
All this time Dorothy was hiding the no panties and no bra under that shapeless dress she was wearing. If I had known that I might have gotten hard the second time way before this. Like me she was no spring chicken. That boat had sailed years ago but her breasts, being small, and even though they sagged the nipples still pointed up and out. Her belly was firm in spite of two children. The pubic hair was sparse allowing the slit to show, just a slit, no inner lips hanging out, no clit peeking out, just a slit.
And I was stiff one more time. I could only lie there and stare and finally I was able to speak, "You are beautiful. Just beautiful so wonderful, I could look at you for hours. Could I touch you?"
"Nope, I'm taking photos remember and you are my model. I tell you what to do and if you don't follow my directions I'll have to get another model, just like you told me."
"But, look what you've done to me."
"Yep, that was the plan. I want you hard again. I didn't think it would work after before but there you are standing tall and proud. Well actually it's lying there but still proud. Can you hold that position for a moment? I need a few shots just like that. Good now a close-up of that chunk of meat if I could. Great, now if you would roll over on to your back and lay your arms out flat and spread your legs, like you're totally relaxed except for that stiffy of course. That's it, now can you pretend to be masturbating? No wait, actually do it, you know, actually masturbate."
I couldn't believe this. She had me jerking off in front of her. The shy modest Dorothy had turned into a domineering woman. She had complete control of me. Not only that I was nearing another orgasm. It had been years since I had come two times in such a short period of time.
"Whoa John, stop don't finish. I want this first, while you're still in this condition."
She moved to the bed and climbed on. On her knees she walked up and over my head and lowered her pussy down, "Lick me...Use your tongue...Do it John...I need it. Badly...Come on...Do it."
In just a few minutes panting and moaning her pelvis was like a machine. Moving back and forth making sure I was touching every part of her. Then she shifted back just a little bit, "My clit...My clit John...Suck it...Ya...Ya...Just like that...Do it." And then she climaxed, Ahhh...Yes...Oh my God...That's so good...Don't stop...Just a little more. Yes...Yes...Yes. Ahhh...OK...Oh God...Thank you," and she fell off me to the side and just lay there breathing hard. "Wow that was wonderful. Thank you."
I lay there very pleased with myself. I rolled to my side and lifted up so I could kiss her. "You are a gentleman aren't you? Not only do you give great oral sex but very nice kisses also. Or is it because you have a need? You want something don't you? Just give me a minute and I'll help you out."
I rolled back and was slowly stroking myself. Not wanting to lose the erection. Even then I could feel it starting to happen. When Dorothy lifted up and moved down my prayers were being answered. She was so very skilled at giving me what I hadn't had in over four years. It felt so good I wanted it to go on forever but I had no control. It came boiling up and out. The first spurt caught her in her mouth. She pulled away quickly and started stroking me.
"Come John. Come on, give it to me. Ya...Just like that...Keep coming...Don't hold back...Let it out."
As I slowed down she bent down and gave me a kiss right on the tip and then licked me clean. "Yummy. You taste good John."
It took half an hour before we stirred. "OK, I need a few shots of you like that. Then we can call it a wrap. I think I've got all I need and it looks like you've had all you can take. Am I right?"
"Ahhh yes...I think I'm satisfied, probably for the next month or maybe two."
"Really, and if I invited you over for a roast beef supper next week and maybe another round you'd turn me down?" Maybe with a little poke n poke thrown in?
The end
And that's the end of this little tale. It stretched out longer than I planned. I hope you enjoyed it.