Just a short story meant to be a fun story of two people fulfilling their exhibitionist fantasies. All characters are over the age of 18 and are fictional as the story. Proofed and edited with the help of software. A few mistakes are likely. Enjoy!
I always had a desire to be in public without clothes. The problem always came up that I was a male, and getting caught naked is not as trivial as it might be for a woman. Let's face it, a penis is not as attractive as a naked women's breast. Our bodies are just not erotic to as many people, I don't care what a woman looks like, she had breasts, they are power!
I had explored this desire by taking the opportunity to strip with some friends at a music festival before. But it turned out that so many did, that no one really reacted. I think X (ecstasy) has caused a return to the 60s as far as nudity at concerts goes. I also stripped with a friend once at a coed college party on a dare from a couple of girls, but we were promised a blow job later that I don't remember getting.
It was not that out of the ordinary for someone my age to do things like that, and it did not fulfill my needs to be seen. I tried a nudist camp after college, but nude being the standard attire, and the age of most of the regulars made it not very fulfilling.
Then I met June, we hit it off right away as just friends and before I knew it, our sexual urges took over and we were naked and fucking almost every weekend. As time went on we realized and even discussed the fact that we both just wanted to be friends with benefits, and nothing more. We did not want to chance ruining a beautiful friendship by trying to force romance into the picture.
We found out eventually that we both shared a kink. Why it took so long to figure it out is a mystery now. The fact that we never wanted to fuck in bed with drapes pulled etc. should have been a clue. We always chose some other part of the house with some danger of being seen, usually in front of a window with only the sheers pulled, or completely open, but in low light.
Once we were naked and fucked, we usually ended up spending the rest of our visit to each other's place nude. When one of us would stay over, we would get up the next morning naked and stay that way until it was time to leave. But all this still did not satisfy our kink, it was minus the risk factor like my other attempts.
June was a good-looking girl, petite with nice breasts and a good shape. I am pretty fit as well I guess, 6' 2", and I must not be too bad looking, or I would not have a totally hot fuck buddy like June. I rarely felt comfortable enough with anyone to share my kink in any detail, when I did, it seemed to turn them off. With June it was different, we were on a nature hike when I first mentioned it.
June's answer to my question came when she stripped naked on a nature hike, on a trail that we had already passed some other hikers. She told me if I was being honest about my kink, there was a blow job in it, if there was a hot naked guy around to receive it that is. Well, it only took a minute to find one, and she gave me that blowjob, we were standing there naked when we finished, and saw a couple in the distance that had already passed by, and had to see us naked not far from the trail. It lived up to the thrill factor and caused us to stick around long enough for June to lean over a stump as I fucked her.
One day June said to me, "Carl, how did you feel when we were naked in a risky situation because we thought we might have been seen? Do you ever get the feeling that it would be more fun if it was a deliberate attempt to be seen by strangers?"
That one question did more for our relationship than I could have ever imagined. It opened us up to express what we really wanted to be able to do. We wanted to show ourselves when we were sure we would be seen by strangers, and not end up in jail. We decided to pursue this lifestyle as a team, that way one of us would have the others back. We pulled straws to see who would be first, and it was her.
June won, and that meant that I would have to set up her first exposure and rescue her if it went bad.
I racked my brain trying to think of a place to make an impression and not piss too many people off. We were rookies so I figured we needed to take baby steps and make our first attempt a more controlled situation. With both of us, we needed an adult crowd. With her, it would likely be all males. In my case well, that was going to be her problem to figure out, but I hoped for females. We had few rules other than the voyeurs had to be strangers to the one exhibiting their bodies au natural. We decided as well that if the situation allowed for it, we had the option of doing some type of sexual act in front of, or with someone we did not know.
Bars were out of the question, as it would have to be a seedy one, and then I would not feel that either of us would be safe.
I decided to ask a friend, he was the guy I stripped with one time at a drunken party, so I knew he would get it to some degree. I ask him if he could trust a few friends who would like to see something like this and could bring a friend or two they trust as well. I told him it would be a show that would not only be a hot woman naked, but she would likely provide some provocative views of her sex as well. He was interested, in fact, I think he would have liked to be more involved. So he and I got to work on a place to stage it that fit the bill.
We came up with a park, used very little, mostly as a place for people to walk their dogs. It had no real hours, it had a lit area and a stage that was poorly li, as its lighting was for security reasons only. The stage was probably once used as a bandstand but not in years.
I told June the plan and she was both excited and scared but the excitement was overruling the other feelings. I did not have a problem with showing her off, we were only friends with benefits and not possessive lovers. We had a strong bond of friendship from having the same kink. The time was set and all I had to do was get her there, watch and keep her safe.
We got there first and were in a small room with a broken door at the back of the stage area. She was going to be on at 9:30, as it just got dark, too late for dog walkers, but not so late to look too suspicious if a cop happened to be on patrol. There were no houses near, so no one to report anything we hoped. It was darker than I expected, and I retrieved an L.E.D. Lantern/Spot Light I had in my car in case of a breakdown to work as a substitute for a real spotlight.
The time came, and I escorted her to the stage from the rear, I took her robe, she looked so hot standing there naked waiting to go on. I expected at least a dozen strangers for her debut but did not know for sure or give her an estimate. She walked out and froze on the stage a moment. It was more like 2 dozen guys, but they appeared to be everyday type guys. My friend did a good job.
I don't think she had a plan, it was not, or meant to be a show. The whole idea originally was to be naked and deliberately encounter a crowd. She calmed down as she walked back and forth a couple of times strutting her stuff to a welcoming crowd. She has a spectacular body, pretty much flawless even in good light. She knew that me getting guys to come to a park, strolling naked would not be enough for them.
I did put a chair out on the stage, not sure why I did, I guess because it was an empty stage. She used that chair I had set up next, she came up with a little bit of a show on the spot. I could see she was starting to like the attention her body was getting her. So she showed them some of the harder-to-see parts in more detail. First, she put her leg up on it to show her pussy to them, then bent over showing them her ass and pussy for another view, they were more than happy with that, but that took less than a minute or two, and they wanted more.
How did she know that?
They kept saying it, "More, More!" They did understand the situation and made it a quiet chant. She gave them every view of her pussy and ass she could think of, before sitting down on the chair. She looked like she calmed down and was enjoying the attention the opposite sex was giving her. She continued the show by spreading her legs and running her fingers up and down her slit, and I could see she was getting into this escalation. The guys loved it too, but again wanted more, and so did she thrill-wise. She pulled her feet up on the chair like a woman does doing their toenails and started masturbating for them, her legs spread wide as I put the light in spotlight mode, and focused it on her pussy and her midsection.
She looked kind of slutty, but she was really just trying to make the best of the situation I gave her. The guys did not care, they loved it and were getting a little wild, my friend had to get up and use his arms to signal to them to hold the noise down. Her masturbation killed some time, and she got herself off for them, maybe too quickly from the excitement, and they seemed happy, but she needed to do at least one thing more for a closer. I did not know what to do or expect and prepared to rescue her if needed, I mean they got a free show of a hot naked woman finger fucking herself to orgasm and for real, it's better than HBO late-night.
Then she surprised them, and in my case, she blew my mind. She announced that she was going to walk out among them naked, every one of them could touch either her breasts or ass. She was loosening up and told them if they behaved she would let some of them do more to her as everyone else got to watch. It was clear she was into it then and was even sitting on some laps and kissing guys if she liked their touch. My buddy did good, these were nice every day guys that seemed sober for the most part. This was a great idea as it was the most effective in stretching out the performance. She spotted my friend sitting in the front row, and she took one of his hands and put it on her pussy, and did not object to him doing a little fingering, and he did it with care.
I think his fingering did more for her than the guys and got her hot, extremely horny, and even more daring, so she set up a finale for them that was beyond mind-blowing considering this was not set up to be a sex show. She took my friend and another guy she liked by the hand, and took them back to her chair.
She brought them up to the chair on the stage, she must have already told them they would have to at least lose their pants or shorts as neither one objected. My friend stripped completely. He is one of those fit guys who always enjoyed flaunting his muscles. At times I thought he might be Bi, him showing off to a live audience of males made me think it even more. They both seemed sober and were pretty nervous, so they were not working on booze courage. They were both really taken with her naked body enough to be willing to take the embarrassment.
She sat in the chair and proceeded to give them both a damn good blow job as guys in the crowd looked on in amazement, some cheered, but again not too loud, they knew if we got busted it would be all of us. Once she had the two of them good and hard she moved on to a new activity. This was not in the plan either and eventually had me with my hand down my pants. She leaned over the chair making sure the crowd had the best viewing angle. Then she first let my naked buddy fuck her as she sucked the other's cock, pretty much a public split roast, by strangers, and for strangers to enjoy.
It was a hot scene, fucking strangers in front of strangers. It got a little loud and I motioned to them again to take it down. This went on quite a while she was not going to quit until he got off, everyone was getting their moneys worth, it was a free show after all. I doubt very much they would get a show like this at any club. June was acting just like she does when I fuck her, she was getting loud and breathing hard, and when she let the cock go that was in her mouth, I knew she had came.
Soon my buddy that was fucking her got off, he was into the show and pulled out holding his hard cock proudly as he came on her ass and back, and then they switched places. Then she more than made up for dropping the other's cock, she fucked him even longer than the first, as she cleaned off my buddy's cock and sucked it some more. They were both bareback fucks, she now had the bigger cock making it a better show. She was so loud with moans and then testimony, that at one point the crowd got quiet just to hear her saying things like, "Fuck me hard with that Big Dick Daddy, let's give them a show to remember!" She took the second guys shot inside her.
She got two pretty good loads, and turned around to show the cum still on her ass, by that time the pie was forming on her pussy, she sat and spread her cheeks to make sure they could see it. Then got up, gave them a curtsy, a move I have not seen in a while, quite sexy when nude and dripping two guys cum.
Everything went pretty smooth, there was no more chanting just quiet applause. She was all pumped up from the excitement, and we waited for most of the guys to leave there were only a half dozen cars. She refused to dress, she told me she was not going to until she got to her apartment. It was fine with me, it was dark anyway. On the way home she was telling me me how great it felt, and I told her I was still hard from watching, she pulled my cock out and gave me a blow job as I drove. She kept to her word and refused to dress when we got to her building and just boldly walked into the apartment building carrying her clothes. It was pretty late and we encountered and walked by only one guy, fortunately, someone our age that she knew, if fact he had the apartment directly across from hers. He said Hi, and just gave her a friendly smack on her bare ass did not make a big deal out of it.
She told me she wanted one last fuck before I left, and I gave it to her, hoping that she did not pick anything up on the stage, but it was a nice crowd of mostly married men looking for some entertainment and got more than that. I have to assume some of their wives got hit on when they got home.
I left that night wondering just what she was going to be able to come up with for me.
June called me all excited, she had a nude exhibition set up for me, and it was for a weekday, during the day. The timing kind of scared me, but she told me that I would not have to disrobe outside and that the danger level was even less than with her performance.
She did not want to tell me too many details, I found out later she did not have all of them anyway. Well, the statement about not having details freaked me out. I had no choice, she was a real trouper with the one I set up for her, allowing two guys to fuck her, but she can be a nympho anyway, that's why I hang with her, she likes sex as much as a guy.
It was set up for us to be there at 9 am, nothing about this deal was normal, I will call it strange and scary that something she came up with would be that early in broad daylight.
I dressed casually not knowing what to expect, June told me nothing other than to be clean shaved, and I knew she meant all of me, another thing to scare me. That meant someone was going to be close to me. We headed to what I found out was a rather large retirement community, one of the larger ones in Florida, and almost an hour trip by car. I tried to get more out of her but was not going to get even a clue. Of course, all I could think about is the thought of exposing myself to old ladies, or worse yet, a mixed crowd of retirees.
We got there, and the place is so big we had to use GPS navigation to find what was the Rec center, a large building with several facilities and entrances. It had a Bowling Alley, Ballroom, etc, but we were going to a smaller entrance marked activities. A large parking area for golf carts and a separate one for cars. I figured at this point I was at least expected to interact with people much older than myself and June, and while nude of course. I hoped at the very least that they were all female.
A lady met us at the door, she seemed very nice, just past MILF in looks, not a granny by my standards. I guess maybe she had just graduated to mature status. She took us to an office, to meet the woman in charge, it had a door in the hallway, and another one in her office to a room where I could hear a bunch of women talking, I was pretty scared. June was smiling the whole time, almost laughing, I was really in trouble.
Sharon, the woman in charge introduced herself, then took June to the other room telling her she could take a seat. My heart was racing, June was abandoning me with this grand, maybe great grandmother, I was feeling a lot of things. I even felt a little rage thinking that if this was a strip show for a bunch of grannies, I was going to be pissed. I wished I could have escaped but I was driven there.
Sharon the woman in charge then dropped the first bomb, she pointed to a locker and told me to go ahead and strip, and put all my clothes and valuables in there, and she would lock it up for me, no worries. Well, I still had plenty of worries, fear of the unknown. Then she took a seat at her desk and I just looked at her, as she watched me, was she just going to watch me undress?
She looked a lot like my Great Aunt Margaret! I certainly would not have wanted to strip naked in front of her. It was a stand-off, but I could tell she was not going to budge, and I had nowhere to go.
I gave in, and just started undressing, it reminded me of the first time I had to undress in front of an older nurse at the hospital, really weird and I was nervous then. I slowly took off my shirt, when I was bare-chested I was starting to get even more of her attention. I do run and keep fit, I guess to her I would look a lot better than some of the old guys I saw in their golf carts on the way in. I got down to boxers and we reached another standoff, I asked if she wanted them off now too?
Her answer was, "You don't know exactly what you are here for, do you? I noticed your friend was having a hard time trying to keep a straight face when she brought you in here. I hope you are not going to back down, you may not get off the property alive if you disappoint the ladies sitting out there. They take this class seriously and are waiting to get started.
I asked her if I was going to have to do any kind of performance, and told her that I can't even dance. She laughed and explained then I was just expected to be a nude model and was just going to have to stand in some poses, each for at least 10 minutes between changing to another. She added that I would get some breaks that I could come back in the office with her for.
The light bulb went on, I was going to be a male model for a bunch of seniors. She did not say, but painting, or maybe just sketching me. It did not matter, regardless of what they are doing, I was going to have to stand naked for them in some strange pose as they all stared at every part of me in detail. I figured my cock would get lots of attention like it was getting from her.
I was stuck, I mean June masturbated, not only sucked two stranger's cocks in front of a crowd, she let them fuck her as well, it was her option though. I only had to stand naked for some grannies, I thought. I dropped the boxers and it was clear that Sharon was staring at my penis. I admit it, I am not what they call a show-er by any means, but I was looking pretty pathetic in that area. I usually am a little excited with a girl and a little stiff, what she was looking at was not my penis excited at all, almost like it was scared and wanted to hide like the rest of me did.
Sharon said, don't worry, we have had penises with stage fright before, they are kind of cute that way but not what the girls are paying for. Just go ahead and do whatever it takes to get it ready, I can hear them getting restless. I tried fluffing my cock a little with my hand, but I had nothing to focus on. It was clear Sharon had some big breasts, and she started to unbutton her blouse as she said, "You don't want to go out there like that, they won't laugh in the true sense, but believe me, you will know they are laughing on the inside and by my experience, it will likely make it harder for you to get it up. Let me see if these double D's do anything for it."
At that point, she was in a bra that could hardly contain her breasts, and she stood there for me. It did not help much, I wanted my penis to be in at least an arc. My nerves were just not going to let it. Sharon popped off her bra, and her, what was at the very least double D's were let free, and a little saggy. I tried to imagine my head between them, or even fucking them, but it was not working either, she was 40 or more years my senior.
She said I was going to have to go out soon, and that she noticed I liked her breasts. She rolled her desk chair in front of me and pulled her double D's together for me. I knew what that meant, and I tried to get my limp dick in between them, she squeezed them tightly together, but it just kept falling out when I let it go.
Sharon said, "OK, no need to panic, as an older woman I have helped men with that problem before. She put one hand under my balls, and with the other, she lifted what was still looking like a tiny penis to me, just pathetic! She was prepared to do whatever was needed and put it in her mouth. Now she had something going on, I am not a bit impotent, I was just nervous, and my penis being in any woman's warm mouth was going to help. I was starting to get some confidence.
I was then looking down at my dick in her mouth and the double Ds below them and feeling her hand on my balls, and we were now getting somewhere. I never had someone that old suck my cock, she had to be 55 to live there, but she was closer to 65. I will say she looked pretty good except that her breasts were a bit saggy, and had quite a large ass.
She knew what she was doing, she did things with her tongue that I had never had done to me before. I was getting hard, and quickly, now concerned I might be too hard for the kind of poses she wanted. She paused a moment to say, "I know it is hard, I am surprised but happy of how big it got, but I have found that if you go out with it sticking straight out like that, it might not go away. But if you want, I will make you cum, that will make it just about right for modeling. If not, just raise your hand and someone will come up and fluff you. They may knock each other over to get to it."
I took her seriously, she must have read the look on my face and said, "You know I am just kidding about the fluffing, I was just trying to calm you down with some humor."
Well, they say there is no such thing as a bad blow job, and the one she continued to give me was one of the best ones I ever had. At that point, I did want to fuck those big tits or any that I encountered and were offered to me. This was working, I started to feel more confident and was pretty proud of what I was showing.
She must have been pretty happy with it too and was not done, and she let go of my balls and had a hold on my naked ass. I think she was impressed enough that she just had to try, and was successful at swallowing it without gagging. Before I knew it, I was pumping rope after rope of my jizz in her mouth, until it overflowed.
She swallowed what I gave her, and then hurried to wipe her face and put her blouse back on. Then she grabbed me by the hand and pulled me into the room, I had the nice arc that I am used to having after a cumshot. It also had a shine to it and had some semen ready to drip that I hurried to rub into my knob as she dragged me over to the stand I was supposed to be on.
They say when you are in front of a crowd, that you should imagine them naked, well I did not want to try that with some of these old gals. I picked a couple of younger ones and did look over at my girl June. She was sitting next to a partition, separating two chairs from the rest of the room. She was doing everything she could to not laugh.
I was being posed, kind of like a Roman Greek Statue pose, usually a muscular guy with a somewhat flaccid penis, at the time mine was slightly larger than usually portrayed. I do not have the physique for it but I gave it my all. There must have been 20 to 25 women, matures to granny's sitting behind their easels. Smiles galore, but no laughing, I was looking pretty good in the penis area so far. It was not that bad of a deal, they did want to sketch me.
It was the longest 10 minutes in my life when it was time for a break, and my wiener was showing it. Sharon took me back to the office. She told me she would usually have just put me in another pose, but my penis needed a little more work. I think she was overreacting. She said that my body's hydraulics require hydration and that I could drink a gatoraide she had ready while she worked on my penis again.
I did not think it was that bad, I probably could have done it myself with my hand, as I was no longer so nervous. I got the impression that the old gal just wanted to suck my cock again, this time she stopped before I came, but I was just as hard as the first time. I had to go back out with more than an arc in my penis, by the time I was posed, it was at full attention, and the looks I got just kept me excited, and that full-blown hardon was what they got for that whole session.
The ladies did not complain, and June was sure enjoying herself. She was laughing now she could not help it I am sure, seeing that big hardon she knew she got me good. The next pose she put me in was one of those sitting poses, like the thinker. I was not sure models really did that one much. One thing about it my cock was not standing out so much, but it was still the dominant part of my body. June and Sharon were not able to be seen by the artist, and June was flashing her tits and pretending to suck a cock trying to keep it that way.
After two more poses, one that featured just my boney man ass, but I questioned it because they were getting a good look at my cock and balls as well. Who would want to sketch that view? The next one was clearly to feature the condition my cock was in, I am not too dumb to know it was not a pose just for sketching, it was to exploit the fact that I was that hard. I looked out, and not many were still drawing, a couple had their legs spread, it almost cost them the hardon.
Sharon even told them, and this is in her words, "Just pretend that this fine specimen of a young hard penis isn't sticking straight out girls, but I admit, I posed him that way so you could reminisce of some of the ones you likely got presented to you in your youth. I know my husband, and maybe some of yours has not been able to show anything that hard in 20 years even with the help of medication, so I have been enjoying our models."
Soon I was back in her office again, and I guess the girls were packing up, some 10s and 20s were being slid under the door as they did. She told me, "Look at those tips, I hope they make up for the exploitation. It helped, but what made it better was when she showed me a check that was made out to me, for $500. I was pretty happy about that, I work on commission in my job and I was not doing that well lately, the economy and sales were down.
She was not quick to open the locker and give me my clothes though, she had something more in mind. She had her blouse partly unbuttoned again. She asked me if I could come back in a week, that the girls would have their paints out then, and they like to have the same model to get the skin tones right. Some of these girls are pretty good, and they like to have the same penis. You will be surprised, some even get the veins that are showing in detail on their paintings.
She told me she was so impressed with how big I got when excited, she was going to give me a chance for a bigger check next time. She added she has the discretion to be able to get me double the next time. Then added even more than that if her boss liked me too, and if I was willing she added, she had even more discretion as far as a bonus goes.
Well, I soon found out if I wanted double next time, what the first part of me being willing was. She lost the blouse and bra again and this time shimmied out of her shorts, and the big old lady panties on her rather large ass. There she was, a naked overweight senior who asked me to sit on the edge of her desk, a view I never thought I would see.
She proceeded to blow me again until I was at full mast, she backed up, I got down, and then she bent over her desk with her big ass sticking out. I knew what that meant too. I was a piece of meat that was about to fuck a senior for a $500 bonus to my modeling fee. The thought of the money helped me keep it up for this part. I had to part two pretty large ass cheeks to get to my destination. It was a good thing I was pretty stiff from the oral, and I needed every bit of length I had to tunnel through those cheeks and reach her opening. The excitement of doubling my money was the only thing that kept it hard enough to reach her hole deep in that cavern.
I felt a little used, but she did get me hard, and off once so I could not blame her for being in that same condition horny-wise, from what I heard about those senior developments, the women still have healthy sexual drives, and the men do have old prostates, and bad circulation to deal with.
Once I managed to locate her hole and enter it, I just plain reached up under her, and grabbed those double Ds to hold onto as I slapped it to her, she turned out to be a loud one, or I was doing exceptionally well. I hoped most of the ladies were gone, I hoped mine, June was still out there waiting, she was my ride.
I can't say I did not enjoy the fuck, one I got to her actual pussy hole, she was just as tight as a younger woman. I got into it and pounded her and she just wanted more, this was going to be my second load so it took me a while. I shot a pretty good load in her, and she and I cleaned up and dressed. It was a good fuck, and the thought of a $500 bonus check made her look much better, I was getting kind of fond of her double Ds for sure.
She told me I could let June in right then if I wanted to, and I did, I wanted her to get a glimpse of the lady I had to fuck. I was still naked with a dripping cock, and she was just pulling up what must have been XL panties. Seeing her getting dressed got a big smile from June, we left soon after that. We were on the ride home and she decided she was going to get on me saying, "Well things must have gone well, I could hear you fucking that grandma back in the office, so did a couple of stragglers. You had the old gal practically singing for you, was that your idea?"
"Well, she gave me quite a blow job, took my load, and swallowed it. She was turned on by this hot young male model. She stripped naked when it was over, got me hard with another fine blowjob, and then leaned over and presented her pussy to this big dick of mine, and I obliged her."
Then I showed her the check, and cash tips, she was shocked. She said, "She told me there was pay, but I did not ask her what it was, I figured $50. or a $100., I just wanted to get you naked in front of some old ladies. Do I get a cut?"
"Well, I am the one that earned it, but there are enough tips here to take care of your gas, and buy your dinner anywhere you want. I have been promised at least a grand next week, and who knows, maybe more than that. I am sure I am going to have to fuck her again, and then probably her boss if I want even a bigger check, I might wait till I see her to decide that. I just hope they don't want to make it a senior FFM. If you'll be my bodyguard and drive me there again, I will give you at least a third of what I get."
"Wow, I thought I got the best of you, but I guess not, that's pretty good money. I am so fucking horny, but you are going to have to use a rubber with me until you get tested, the STD rate in these places is surprisingly quite high. Retired people have to spend all that free time doing something."
We walked into her apartment building and her neighbor was out of his room again, maybe this time on purpose? She asked him if he waited up for her. He said, "Sure did, but was hoping you were going to be naked like last time."
She surprised me when she said, "It would only take a minute to strip, if you are willing to get naked too right here in the hall, I will bend over and you can fuck me from behind."
You can imagine the strange look on the guy's face, the apprehension but he pulled off his shirt and dropped his drawers, and let what I would have to call a large penis out of hiding. I wanted to watch her take such a large member. I stood at her door as she stripped and threw her clothes in the room and told me. "You be the keeper of the escape door, there are 12 apartments on this hall, and this early it seems like someone is always coming or going, I don't mind if they get a look of our naked asses as we bail out of the hall, but I am not going to just boldly fuck in front of one of them and risk having to find a new place."
He did the same with his clothes, but I don't think he shared our kink, he was nervous and kept looking down the hall. She got on her knees and blew him to get him hard, and boy did she pick a winner, he was hung. I enjoyed seeing her getting fucked at the park, but this was in the hall of her apartment building, and by a hung neighbor that was younger than us. I do love her as a friend and fuck buddy, and wanted to see her experience a big cock. I also wondered if the word was out about him and his cock, and she had some clue about it. He was a stud for sure.
Not sure if you would call me a cuckold, or a voyeur, but I don't care, I liked it none the same. I think she thought she was cuckolding me, or that I would be just plain jealous or intimidated, as she seemed to keep checking for my reactions.
They were both naked, and we found out he had a fit body to match the cock he was sporting. She got right to it, we had made some noise, someone on that floor was probably up making the daring factor higher. She was not shy at all to put her hands on the sides of her door frame lean over stick her ass out and present her pussy to him. Not sure she was moist enough, but she wanted fucked with that cock in the hall. He managed to enter her, and I saw her grimace, but once he got started she was fine.
It was on, he wasted no time and worked up to speed pretty quickly. She was trying her best to keep quiet, but that was a big member she was taking. He was in a hurry and kept going faster until he was pounding her. She was looking right at me as she got fucked, and I reached up and covered her mouth to help quiet her, as she had no hands free. She could have just invited him in and fucked him, but this was so much better. They were naked and had quite a daring thing going for them, and I was the beneficiary of the view. Her tits flopping around right there in front of me as they fucked.
I had seen people fuck in a corner at drunken parties in college, but never had this close of view. He barely got his cock pulled out, and did not have to finish. He made a loud noise and made his Oh Face as he came when I first saw his cock and balls appear over her ass. I was in the line of fire and backed up when it rapid fired ropes of cum all over her ass and back. She was getting covered, that was also when I heard someone's door open and voices. Apparently, his cumming noise gave them away.
I moved out of the way as it got the two naked performers' attention, they both looked to the left down the hall, and June was so startled her hand slipped off the door jam. Her neighbor who was a bit off balance anyway tried to catch her as did I. The result was a young naked couple in a heap in the hall between their apartment doors. Down the hall, an older couple with their heads out their door was checking them out. By that time I was in the hall helping her up. I got a glance of the old couple then just out of their door.
It was hard to get her in her place as I was laughing so hard at the sight of it. Then when I heard the old couple it got worse. "Would you look at that Gladys, your tits used to be that perky.
Gladys replied, "Your dick never looked like that, but come on, I will get you one of your pills, I will take what I can get."
I got them in the apartment and tried to close the door quietly to not alert anyone else.
The two of them ended up prone on the floor getting their breath. Her neighbor's clothes were next door. But you could see the excitement they had as they half laughed and talked about it. He told June, "Well, at least they did not have the time to use a cell phone camera, I am pretty sure clear down here we are out of range of the security camera, if not we may be moving! I guess I have some pride in the fact that in a half-hour or so, some old guy is going to get some because of us."
We had a good laugh, and by their reactions, their thrill of getting caught was worth it. He waited about 10 minutes before he made the naked dash across the hall to his apartment. but I guess them being caught by an older couple might have been karma coming back at her for the posing for seniors gig she pulled on me!
___________________________________
I did go back to the senior center for the second sitting, and had a problem again, different this time, I was erect with no help as I thought about how it felt to be worshiped by a woman of any age. She was afraid it was not going to calm down and had to blow me to a cumshot again to fix it, that is why she said she was doing it, but she sure seemed to enjoy it.
My cock was no longer standing straight out in front of me, so it worked and was in a nice arch so I hurried out there to get started. I noticed that a few of the old gals had no panties on this time, and were anxious to show me some things I would have rather not seen. This helped to keep my cock under control, a good thing because, have you ever seen a painting or statue that had the guy's dick sticking straight out?
I guess overall it was a good experience, I did get into being admired by ladies of any age. The boss lady I had to fuck was an employee of the center and not a resident. So I was treated to a pussy on a woman that was only twice my age and pretty fit, but I had to eat her out first. She was much more pleasant to look at as I fucked her than Sharon.
I don't want to say what I got paid on the second trip, an IRS agent may read this, but it was more than fair. I also got a couple of pretty good offers from women claiming to be horny and wealthy widows. Notes with contact info and some more tips had been slid under the door while I was busy fucking the boss and earning my bonus.
Being a model or even a Gigolo might just be something I should consider as a career!