I'm a forty two year old African American gal who is happily married to a sixty-four year old Caucasian man and have been for eighteen wonderful years. He has been an excellent provider. I have for the most part, been a home maker. We live in a upperclass neighborhood and with us not having had children of our own, I spend much of my time doing as I wish.
Sexually my husband kept up with me until having prostate cancer. Why do I bring this up? Because I'm unable to bring him up, thus many times I'm having to satisfy myself, in fact most if not all times. He feels very self conscious about what he feels to be an inadequacy.
We have sought sex counselling and from time to time he will engage in getting me off orally or with toys but that has waned with his not being able to cum, to now having little to no sex. We have a hot tub which is located outside off our master bedroom. It's surrounded by a privacy wall where we are free to be nude and freely capable of going in and out our bedroom to the tub with no fear of being seen by neighbours.
Back in the day before his cancer ended our hard times, we made love all the time in and around our tub, always taking it back to our bed. I loved it, we loved it and I long for those days.
Nothing was better than our love making under the stars and in broad daylight. We no longer enjoy the tub in the same way but I often go out on my own and lay out in the sun after having a tub.
There's something about being nude outside that always makes me horny. It's not uncommon for me to lay there with my buds in my ears, letting my mind fantasize and my fingers wondering in my nether regions or bringing various toys to work out my needs for an orgasm. Pretty much the norm.
One such afternoon I was busy with meeting my needs. After soaking in the tub I laid in the sun with fingers shredding my clit. At one point I looked up to see my neighbour's twenty-three year old son Kevin, on his parent's roof top looking down on me, taking in my solo performance.
At the time, I had no idea as to why he was there but later found out he was inspecting the roof at his father's request, looking for possible damage done after a freak hail storm hit us some weeks prior. All I knew was he was standing there on the roof watching me fingering myself.
I was temporarily startled but didn't let on. Because I was wearing sunglasses, he had no way of knowing that I had seen him. I stopped momentarily but the hot flush of excitement of being watched overcame me.
I've never been the exhibitionist type so I was surprised that I was feeling the way I was and continued working on myself.
Kevin stood totally still as if not wanting to be detected. I can't adequately put into words just how excited I was at being watched, particularly by a much younger man.
I took my sweet time, a long time, before reaching orgasm. Every-time I was about to cum, I backed off. I probably could have finished my work in mere minutes but prolonged my pleasure to close to thirty minutes which only served in bringing about an abnormally strong climax with my body convulsing in aftershocks for minutes after.
I looked at Kevin's response to what he had just witnessed. He was rubbing his crotch but hadn't the nerve to pull out his cock and do what needed to be done.
I never let on that I knew he was there. The next day, same time, I made my way out hoping he would be there again and like clock work, there he was! I took in a tub, him watching intently. I played with my ample "D's" to keep his interest. After 10 minutes or so I exited the tub laying on the deck with my dark black skin glistening wet ready to give him another show.
He watched as I let my hands caress my entire body. I licked my nipples, squeezing my breasts together which seemed to coax his cock out of his pants. He situated himself beside the chimney so as to reduce his chances of being seen by others.
Me masturbating watching him masturbating to me was such a thrill. I parted my thighs giving him the full contrast of my hot pink vulva surrounded by my dark black skin.
I worked my clit hard with the fingers of my left hand and the fingers of my right hand deep in my cunt.
As I started bucking into orgasm, Kevin blew his load, his young prostate shooting cum two feet out and onto his parent's roof. The roof of my mouth would have been so much preferred!
It was so wild that he and I came together yet apart. I gave no sign of knowing he was there but there's no denying that I so wanted him in me and desperately so.
The next four days were cold and rainy so our show was cancelled which only served to build up my libido.
Finally the weather broke, with sunshine and clear sky I decided to bring my vibrator out with me. I didn't do the tub this time. I laid on the deck but to my surprise, no Kevin. My disappointment was huge. I laid there for an hour, nothing.
The next few days were the very same. I was so horny with the want to be watched. I went out now going into the tenth day, my toys in hand, he nowhere in sight. Such a disappointment.
I felt rejected. How could he not show? Did he lose interest?
Fuck him was my thought but it was admittedly fun while it lasted. Even though our visits had stopped, it didn't mean that I needed to. I decided as before him, to lay out again after a tub. I got out and laid on the deck listening to tunes and feeling the warmth of the sun on my naked self. I must have dozed off for a bit because when I awoke and looked up, there he was!
Oh my God the rush that came over me! I took out some baby oil and seductively coated my black skin all over. His dick wasn't just out, this time his shorts were completely down to his knees with his hand working his beautiful penis.
I was in exhibitionist Heaven! I slid my dildo into my cunt slowly working it in and out of my love tunnel. One hand working it while my other rubbed away at my clitoris. I actually saw Kevin's knees buckle as he blew a load into the air. I almost laughed at the sight but thankfully managed not to.
He pulled up his shorts but didn't move from his vantage point, standing there watching for what must have been thirty, forty minutes before I allowed myself to cum. My freshly squeezed fluids pumping out of my juicer's opening.
I felt that I had to have him!
I had it with toys and fingers.
I needed to have his cock!
Again we had a few days of bad weather. When the good weather returned, I was coming home from a doctor's appointment, anxious to meet our usual time worried I would be late by my running into bad traffic. I pulled into the driveway and who was there to greet me but Kevin!
"Hi Mrs Campbell" was his opener. "Hi yourself Kevin. Long time no see! What have you been up to?" as if I didn't know. We exchanged pleasantries, idle chat, I not sure how to negotiate a furtherance of our sexual desires. I couldn't just say come over and fuck me, it would give it away that I knew he was there all along.
Thankfully I had no need to. Kevin asked, "So what are you up to this afternoon." I said that my plans were few. My husband was always working during the day but was now out of town for a week.
I told Kevin that I planned to do a hot tub and relax in the sun. "Gotta take these good days while we have them!" He agreed adding, "I wish I could join you!" I told him he was more than welcome to join me with him anxiously accepting.
He followed me into the house. I guided him through our master bedroom and out to the tub. I asked if he would like a cold beer with him responding with a yes please. When I returned, a beer in one hand and a bucket of beer on ice in the other, there was Kevin completely nude in my tub. "You don't mind, do you," he asked. I said, "No, not at all!" I handed him the beer and proceeded to remove my clothing while standing in front of him. He stared intensely saying, "My God your husband is a lucky man!" With my response being, "Why thank you!"
I decided not to take in the tub. I took out the baby oil instead and stood there applying it to the front of my body as we spoke. Slowly as possible coating my tits, waist and thighs. "Could I bother you to oil down my back Kevin?" He got out of the tub fully erect. Such a beautiful sight.
He apologized for his erect state with me saying, "Please don't. I'm flattered!" He applied the oil over my back, his hands oiling up my ass and ass crack. He and I being roughly the same height, five-ten, he wrapped his arms around my waist his penis sliding between my heavily oiled thighs and up against my taint. I bent over with the head of his dick easily penetrating the opening of my wanting vajayjay. My hands on my knees as he thrusted his magic wand in my love tunnel. Oh how wonderful it felt. He fuck thrusted my cunt for four or five minutes before I stood up straight and turned to face him. He held me tight and gave me a passionate open kiss on my lips, his hands rubbing my back and backside.
I took him by the hand pulling him into my bedroom laying him on his back on my king size, his stiffie straight up in the air. I couldn't mount his cock fast enough. Oh how long it had been since having a dick in my snatch, how great it felt.
Kevin's dick wasn't large or thick. Maybe five and a half inches long if. Considerably smaller than my husband's but it was rock hard and felt so great in me. For twenty three, Kevin knew his shit. He ate me better than I've ever been eaten bringing me to mind melting climax. He fucked every hole I had to offer and I offered all three.
We did anal which wasn't a first for me but being that his cock was the smallest I had ever been with, it actually proved pleasurable. He pumping my ass while I worked my clit. Kevin gave me the trifecta with orgasms via mouth, cunt and ass.
He slept over that night and the following three nights with us fucking like minks.
My husband never the wiser thank God. Kevin moved on, we both realizing that this was a temporary thing. I love my man and even though Kevin was fun, I wasn't close to being emotionally involved and nor was he.
Kevin however is now involved with another Black girl his age. I'd like to think I had some influence in his choice.
Once you go Black you never go back.
Am I right?