When I was in college I was hoping to capture what I had experienced prior which was a steady flow of sexual partners. The dorm I was in was co-ed with the building shaped into probably a 120 degree angle with girls on one wing and the boys on the other. Where the two wings met, each floor had a communal area with a TV set. I had exposed myself to a girl in the communal area and for weeks afterwards I lived in constant fear that I had just done something that was going to get me expelled. I considered that if she did tell someone it would just be her word against mine but then it occurred to me that my unique penis would betray me. As time went on my paranoia increased but something else happened that distracted my attention.
Besides having a communal lounge area, each floor also had communal bathrooms with showers and toilets. One day I was standing at the urinal when a fellow came in a stood next to me to piss. I could tell out of the corner of my eye that that guy was very slight, about 5'4" and small framed, wearing boots with heals giving evidence to the fact that he was trying to give the impression of additional height. I was already giving him some peeps out of the corner of my eye when noticed his exceptionally large dick.
Let me back up for a moment. Even though I've been with dozens of guys sexually I've never considered myself gay. I am addicted to being cock worshiped regardless of gender and often I prefer the reaction from men since with men it's more than awe, it's jealousy. A guy will often want to please me more than a woman because of this alpha/beta male dynamic. Of all the men I've seen, none has even come CLOSE to matching my size. I may have seen one or two 7 inches but that's the max. From my peripheral vision it looked like this guy was significantly larger than anyone I'd seen in real life.
I was now in the position so many other guys have been in regarding me which is peeking at a huge dick. I ended up doing what's been done to me so many times. I said, 'wow, big one' He didn't really react so I went over to the sink and started to wash up. The guy wandered over to the sink next to me and said, 'ya, like that, huh?' I told him it was impressive and he offered a better look if I wanted to stop by his dorm room. I said that sounded cool and he gave me his room number.
It can be hard to accurately judge a man's cock size when you're looking at it in it's soft state out of the corner of your eye but I was pretty sure I had him easily beat in terms of size. I had a pretty good idea as to how this guy thought our next meeting was going to go but I was going to throw a curveball into the situation. There was going to be some cock worshiping but I wasn't going to be the one on my knees. I was pretty sure the guy had never met someone bigger than himself and I couldn't wait to exert my dominance.
I waited a few hours and then went to his room and knocked on the door. He let me in and without his boots on I could tell he wasn't much over 5 foot tall. I give the guy credit, I never saw such a small guy with so much confidence. He just had a swagger about him that I have no doubt was born from his huge dick. We chit chatted for a bit and then he offered a second look at his dick. I told him to go for it and he dropped his drawers and gave me the full monty. He had a partial hard-on that hung down and it looked absolutely huge thanks to his small body size. It was easily the biggest dick I had ever seen next to my own.
He was clearly proud as fuck and just let me soak it in. 'Do you want to do anything?, he inquired and I responded that we could do a dick measuring competition. He loved the idea and went over to his desk to pull out a tape measure. I suspect he was a measurement freak like myself. He started rubbing his dick to get hard and then handed me the tape measure. He wasn't even completely hard but was confident that he had this one in the bag. His dick was a very impressive 9.5 inches and quite thick. It was an incredibly large dick for such a small guy but there is often no correlation between body size and dick size.
Finally, it was my turn. I pulled out my own dick and got a 'HO-LY FUCK!'. Yes, this was my drug. To get that reaction from a guy with a huge dick was my biggest compliment yet. I knew immediately that I had won. There was a moment of incredulity from the guy given that the entire narrative of our encounter how now flipped. His whole demeanor changed as his cockiness faded away. He recognized that he was in the presence of the true alpha male and if there was going to be some dick sucking it was my dick that was going to be sucked.
I was over 2.5 inches longer and thicker but there was a whole lot of cock between the two of us. I calculate a little over 21.5 inches of fat cock. I found myself really turned on by the guys huge size and enjoyed touching a monster cock that wasn't my own but I felt compelled to exert myself. I basically gave him a 'be my guest' gesture towards my dick and he went to work. I know from later conversations that he was accustomed to receiving rather than giving but he enjoyed the reversal. I was sure that I would never find myself in a similar situation.
I felt like a heavyweight boxer who had finally taken on a legitimate challenger and took him down in the first round. I want back to my dorm room and just played with my own monster erection for several hours. My love for my own size was renewed but I was also surprised at how much I was aroused by another mans huge cock. Even though I was much larger I felt that attraction to a large penis that others felt towards mine.