I can't deny it. The vacation was fateful and changed the course of my life.
I was at the Fire Island beach, a place that a co-worker recommended. While he did snicker when he said it was ideal for a guy like me, it sounded ideal for a much-needed break. Although I had never heard of the place, based on his recommendation and the fact that I had no other plans, I decided to try it out.
Tired from a long 6 months of non-stop daily construction meetings, changes to the design and build drawings, finally getting the project through funding, I was spent.
I lay in the sun, my speedo the only thing I was wearing at the time. Having had enough sun on my chest and face, I rolled over on my stomach.
I thought how wonderful it would be to have shared this vacation with someone. I had no one in my life at the time. I honestly have never been in a relationship. I lay there thinking about being with someone special, having sex with a person other than my hand.
I must have fallen asleep because out of nowhere I felt hands on my back. I tried to turn to see who was violating my personal space but strong hands held me in place. "Shh, baby. Let daddy protect you from sun burn.
I have to admit that his hands, massaging my back as he applied the sunscreen felt very good. I could feel the stress leaving my neck and shoulders and felt more relaxed than ever.
I didn't resist when he spread my legs a little. His hands were magic.
When he got to the inside of my knees, my dick responded. I was surprised because I'd never been with a man before, never. I had dated a couple women and found sex with them to be adequate, but I wasn't a puss hound by any stretch. One date with me was enough for them to start seeing other people.
All that said, I had never given any thought of being with a man, a dude.
I wasn't thinking about that now as his hands began a soft sensuous caressing of my inner thighs. I heard myself moan in appreciation and opened my legs a little further apart.
I remember how wonderful it felt when he reached the bottom of my buttocks. His strong hands kneading me. I knew I had pushed back wanting more. I didn't fight it when his hand reached under me and cupped my balls just before he squeezed my erection.
"My baby girl likes what her daddy is doing."
I heard him refer to me as his girl but as my arousal grew, my rational thoughts diminished. "Yes, daddy," I groaned.
I felt his hand slip under the bottom of my speedo. He squeezed and kneaded my butt. "Nice ass, baby girl."
I didn't answer. I was holding my breath hoping that he would do what I thought he was going to do to me.
Still, when his finger probed my anus, I heard myself squeak, "No, please."
My words fell on deaf ears. His finger entered me. The sunscreen acted as a lube and it felt wonderful.
He began to slowly finger fuck me eliciting moans from me. I almost squealed out loud when I felt his second finger in me. My mind grew hazy and lust filled. I was not able to control myself. At that moment, I was his and he knew it.
I raised my ass and attempted to get on my hands and knees, but daddy pushed my shoulders down so that only my big round bottom was up and humping back on his invading digits
I turned my face from side to side, grunting and groaning, dimly aware of others walking past and witnessing me being sodomized. Nothing and no one mattered at that point.
When I turned to face my left, I saw knees by my head. Daddy positioned himself so that I could get a look at the bulge in his swimsuit. I wanted to bury my face in his crotch, something I'd never thought I'd ever find exciting.
But his hand on my upper back held me in place as he continued to finger fuck me until I began to cum.
Right there in public, I had the most earth-shattering orgasm of my life. I kept bucking and thrusting my ass back at his hand. The side of my speedo had slipped up and half my bottom was exposed. I cared not the least. All I could concentrate on was the wonderful orgasm daddy was giving me. I screamed into my blanket before actually biting it.
When he pulled his hand away, I collapsed in best after-glow ever. I lay there with a smile on my face feeling like a new man.
When at last I pulled myself together I sat up and looked for the man who calls himself daddy. But I was alone on my blanket, no one near me.
Had I dreamed it? Was it my imagination?
I could feel my anus quivering and knew that someone had been there. After several minutes, I gathered myself and my things and returned to the condo I'd rented for the week.
It was a lovely way to start my well-deserved vacation though it did occur to me that a strange man, finger fucking me on a public beach was most unusual.
I showered and rinsed out my cum filled speedo and took a nap. Waking at 5, I looked at the literature provided by the rental agency and selected a restaurant near-by.
Being summer, the place was crowded. Families with children over ran the place. Figuring that all restaurants would be filled the same, I opted to eat in the lounge.
I was sitting at the bar sipping on a Daiquiri and waiting for my crab salad when a large nicely dressed and very good-looking gentleman sat down beside me.
We nodded at each other in acknowledgement of each other's presence. He ordered a dirty martini and the blackened grouper.
His drink came and we sat in silence for a few minutes. Being crowded, our server already told us there would be a twenty-minute wait for our orders.
"Look, a table over there just opened up. Join me?"
I looked and saw that one of those high tables you find in many bars had indeed become available. "We'd better hurry," I said standing up.
We claimed the table and I watched as he went back to tell the bartender where we had moved to.
When he came back, he introduced himself to me. "I'm Harold but you can call me Hal."
I shook his hand and told him my name is johnnie.
Hal was probably 20 years older than me. The gray temples gave him a distinguished look. He was broad shouldered and his handshake firm.
I would say that he was probably 6" taller than me and weighed maybe 180, another 45 pounds heavier than I am wet.
We talked about the beach and the crowds. He asked if I met anyone or had any unusual experiences while I was on the beach.
"Uh, no. Not really," I lied.
"Funny, johnnie. I think we've already met."
It took me a minute befoe I comprehended what he was saying. "That was you?" I blushed.
Hal reached across the table and put his hand on top of mine. "It was baby. I apologize if you are offended in any way. I simply was unable to resist such a lovely body."
Again, I blushed. "Thank you, Hal, or should I call you daddy?"
Hal smiled and interlocked his finger with mine. "I'd like that baby. I would love to be your daddy."
I didn't know what to say. I never thought of being with a man before, but I had to admit it to myself, the orgasm Hal had given me earlier was the best.
"Hal, er, um daddy, what does you being my daddy mean?"
His other hand moved to my face. He held my cheek and chin using his thumb to outline my lips.
"So soft and plump," he sighed avoiding my question.
I asked it again, though it was hard to talk with his thumb on my mouth. "What does you being my daddy mean?"
"I think we would be better served to have this conversation later, perhaps in my condo."
"Maybe," I said non-committal.
"Did you like what I did for you today?"
"It was okay," I said being coy.
"It was the first time anyone played with that pussy you're sitting on, I'll bet."
"Maybe," I said still being cute.
"Maybe I'll warm that fat ass up if you don't start giving me straight answers, bitch."
The way he said that made me tingle inside. Hal was a man's man. I could sense his impatience with me. "Yes daddy. That was my first time."
"Good. Now we're getting somewhere. Are you hard right now?"
I was surprised to see that I was. "Yes, daddy," I said quietly.
Our meals finally came. We ate quickly. Daddy wanted to get me off somewhere private. I could only imagine what was in-store for me.
What's more, and I know this sounds crazy, I wanted to be alone with him too. He made me curious about me being his and then there was my still intermittent quivering anus.
Daddy led me to his condo. It was much like the one I rented except it had a doorman. "I see you rented one like I did," I said making nervous conversation.
"No baby. I don't rent. This is mine. The one you rented in that other building is mine as well."
Daddy pointed to an ottoman and told me to kneel beside it. He sat in the chair in front of the ottoman and looked at me as though he was studying me sizing me up.
"You asked what it means to be your daddy. Well young lady, like all daddies, it falls to me to teach you, train you, mold and groom you to be the best possible johnnie. It is also my duty to correct you, punish you, and see to it that you learn to respect real men."
I was surprised to hear all that. Surprised and somehow a little turned on. "Daddy, I'm a grown man."
"Oh, really? You consider yourself a man?"
Caught off guard, I stuttered, "I am."
"Strip baby. Take off your clothes and show daddy just how much of a man you are."
When I hesitated, daddy became more forceful. "You can get naked now or you can get the fuck out of my apartment and out of my sight."
My fingers trembled as I unbuttoned my shirt. Don't ask me why I stayed and did as I was told. There was something about being in his presence that was almost magnetic for me.
Daddy was watching me closely and I had a difficult time of making eye contact with him.
I kicked off my loafers and unbuttoned my pants. I must have shown some hesitation because I heard daddy clear his voice and knew he was becoming impatient with me.
I dropped my khakis and stood there in my boxer shorts.
"You're not finished."
"But, Hal, er, um daddy. Do I have to?"
"Five, four, three...."
I pulled my boxers off before daddy reached two.
"That's better. Now let's have a look at you."
Daddy had me pose in some very degrading positions.
I was bent over at the waist, daddy standing behind me caressing my rear end. "Nice pussy baby girl. This is your best feature. Tell me sweetheart, does everyone in your family have such a sexy bottom?"
"Mother said I got it from my father, daddy."
"I bet you did. Why did your mother have to tell you that? Did daddy run off?"
"This is kind of embarrassing, daddy. Mother said my father would rather suck cocks than fuck a pussy."
"Oooh. Nice. I bet your fat ass isn't the only thing you got from your father, is it? How many cocks have you sucked, baby girl?"
"Sir! None. I nav have and never will."
Daddy chuckled before telling me that we'd see soon enough.
"You like this don't you, baby girl?"
"No sir. I find it very embarrassing."
"Then tell daddy, why is your little clitty hard?"
To my shock and horror, I looked down and saw my 5" boner standing tall. "I don't know, daddy."
""I'll tell you why, baby. You want a man, a real man to claim your feminine ass. You need a man to show you who and what you are, and you know in your heart that man is me."
I covered my eyes and wept.
"Go on, girl, let your tears out. After tonight any masculinity you might have will leave your body as surely as your tears are now."
I wanted to get dressed and flee but I didn't. I knew daddy was right. I had been aimless. I had been raised by women, mother, two aunts, and a stern grandmother who liked nothing better than to send me out to cut a switch from her weeping willow tree. She brandished that gleefully when she felt the need to correct me, and she felt I required correcting frequently.
Grandmother taught me to be agreeable, obedient, and above all, meek.
Oh yeah, I got an education and became an architect, but I was never comfortable socially. After failing at dating, I more or less became a loner; an island unto myself. I had a steady job and a good income. And though I worked well beside and with others, being comfortable in a professional environment was all I had going for me.
Daddy was right. I was looking for guidance, someone to steer me in the right direction. I wanted someone who could bring out the best in me, make me into someone that could be important to someone else.
I looked around gathering myself. Daddy had left the room. I waited quietly.
When he returned, daddy was wearing only his robe.
"Come here, girl," he said extending his hand.
I took his hand and he led me to the full-length mirror in the hall. "Look at you. Tell me what you see."
By now my erection had slipped away and my dick was its usual turtle head. "I see me, daddy."
A swat on my bottom let me know I had not given him the answer he was looking for.
"I see a thin, 24-year-old man. My upper body is narrower than my hips."
"Okay, we're getting somewhere. Tell me, do you see any pubic hair?"
"Um, no."
"How about chest hair?"
"Daddy, please. Stop teasing me. You know there isn't any hair on my chest."
"That's right. No hair on your legs and arms. either." He took my arms from the back and raised them. "And no underarm hair."
"What I see in that mirror, johnnie is a princess. Your lack of testosterone. You have child bearing hips and the lips of a compliant cock sucker. There's more woman in your reflection than man."
Daddy let my arms dropped and moved in close behind me. He put both his arms around me. One hand began to toy with my nipples. "Nice large areolas, baby," he said gently pinching one.
His other hand traveled down my stomach, and I watched in the mirror as his large hand cupped my balls, completely engulfing my private parts.
He tucked his thumb in and parted his index and middle fingers. "Looks just like a pussy doesn't it, baby?"
I nodded, beginning to uderstand what I was.
His thumb and index finger began to pull on my dick. Between his pulling on me down there and playing with my nipples, I was erect again very quickly.
I felt his cock pressing against me, pressing between the cheeks of my bottom. I remembered how good it felt earlier today when he fingered me back there.
Daddy pulled open his robe. I saw a robust and handsome man, a full head taller than me, a broad hairy chest starring into my eyes through the mirror.
I couldn't help myself. When his hand returned to pinch my nipples a little harder, a groan escaped me. I reached back and felt for his cock.
Rock hard and hot. My hand just barely went all the way around it.
Daddy turned me sideways. I looked up at him expecting maybe a kiss. Instead, he pressed down on my shoulders to my knees.
There, with his cock in my face I knew what he wanted. More surprising, I knew what I wanted.
Daddy took his cock in his hand and rubbed it all over my face. I opened my mouth trying to catch his member between my lips as daddy chuckled but kept me from putting my mouth on the object of my new-found desire.
"Seems there's more of your father in you besides that fat ass," he whispered. "Tell me, baby. Tell daddy what you want."
I looked up at daddy pleading with my eyes but I couldn't say the words.
"Tell me baby girl. Tell daddy you want his cock."
"I do," I hissed. "I want it daddy."
"Say it, baby. Say the words."
"Your cock," I managed to croak. "I want your cock, daddy."
"Of course, you do my sweet faggot, of course you do. But first there are some things we need to discuss. Things you need to understand. Come with me."
Daddy walked back out into his living room and stood in front of the chair. He used his foot to push the ottoman aside and pointed to place on the floor between his knees. "On your knees, baby girl."
I knelt before him. Once again, he took his cock in hand and teased me. He rubbed it over my eyes, leaving them moist with his leaking passion. "Look at you. A few minutes ago you said you'd never suck a cock. Has that changed?"
"Yes, daddy," I whispered hoarsely.
Daddy just grinned. "If you want to be a cock sucker, who am I to say no? But understand this, baby girl. If I let you suck my cock and eat my cum, you will belong to me. You will come to me when I call. You will dress as I wish when you're with me. You'll call me daddy regardless whether we're alone or not."
His cock paused near my lips. I quickly kissed it in confirmation and pulled back. "I understand, daddy." But I didn't really understand the ramifications of my pledge.
When daddy permitted me to take his cock between my lips, it was an epiphany. The hot throbbing cock felt simply made for my mouth. I closed my eyes and enjoyed making love to my new daddy. I devoted my entire being at that moment to his cock.
I never could have imagined how wonderful I'd feel or how exciting it was for me to aggressively suck a cock. But it was all that and more.
I put both hands on daddy taut ass and pulled him to me. I wanted to devour his cock, make it mine.
I knew I was doing a good job from the noises daddy made and the names he was calling me. I reveled in being called his cock sucker. I was totally aroused when daddy told me I'd be sucking cocks for the rest of my life. He growled that he'd share me with his friends, show off my skills at giving head to complete strangers. Make me his whore. So many names and things, so dirty, so very nasty nearly pushed me beyond my mental capacity to understand it all.
Daddy took me by my hair and pulled my head back. I was looking up, directly into his eyes. "Suck my balls bitch," he growled. Then he stepped forward smothering me, pulling my face deep into his crotch.
I learned at that precise moment that I enjoyed being used as his plaything. I was daddy's little faggot, his submissive cock sucker and I loved it.
I lavished his scrotum with licks and kisses. I heard myself moaning with his nut sac in my mouth.
Pulling my face off his balls, daddy shoved his cock down my throat. He passed my gag reflex and began to use my mouth as his pussy.
I knelt there letting him take his pleasure from me. He pumped and fucked, snarled and growled and all I could do was make mewling sounds.
I had completely surrendered to cock and found it liberating.
He didn't tell me when he was going to cum. All at once he roared and grabbed my head and held me with his cock twitching and pulsing deep in my throat.
Finally satiated, daddy pulled his limp wet cock from my tortured throat and wiped it on my face, leaving thin trails of residual sperm. "I've marked you baby girl. You're mine now."
I thanked him not knowing what being owned by a daddy really meant.
I was disappointed when daddy forbade me to cum. I begged him to finger my bottom again, but he denied me my relief. "Baby girl. you are so much more than that. You will quickly learn and understand your role is to make others cum. You will forever avail yourself to real men who you will use your body for their pleasure, not yours."
Daddy was sitting in his chair with me kneeling between his knees. He explained my future, opening my eyes to the wonderful and fulfilling life of a sissy.
I lapped and kissed the head of his dangling cock as daddy told me like it was going to be.
He said I no longer had choices to make. My direction, my actions would be made for me by men who are so much more than I. It was from men like daddy that I'd take direction from, never again doing my own thinking.
"A cock sucker like you may have a high IQ but like all sissies, you need guidance. When all you can concentrate on is the next cock to suck, it's up to real men to do your thinking for you."
His words were both demeaning and exciting. It was like daddy had a window into my soul. He touched feelings and emotions in me I didn't know existed.
"You need to be controlled, johnnie. Deep inside you've always known that one day your prince charming would come along and make you his bitch. Take you, use you, mark you as his property. I am your prince, baby girl, and you are my princess. Never forget that."
"But daddy, won't I ever be able to cum anymore?" I whined.
"When and where I say and only then unless you're being fucked and can't help yourself. I own your orgasms as I own you."
I couldn't help myself. I hugged daddy pressing my face against his tight stomach. "Yes, daddy," was all I could say.
Daddy sent me back to my rented condo. He told me to think about what he told me. He said that if I was serious, to return the next morning with my belongings and move in with him.
Once home as it were, I thought about the day's events. Stripping down, I took a long hot shower in which I masturbated. Mostly I was reliving being finger fucked through the most satisfying and electric orgasm in my life while others witnessed it. So fucking erotic I thought as my dick spit out my excited climax.
Once my orgasmic euphoria was over, I realized that I had already disobeyed daddy by not getting his permission to jack off.
I think it was that thought more than anything that convinced me that belonging to daddy was the right thing. His was an environment that would teach me discipline and self-control. He would be good for me.
I slept like a baby that night after I packed up what belongings I had brought with me.
I checked in with the rental agency and learned that a refund of the time I wouldn't be using the condo would not be forthcoming.
Still, feeling good about the decision I made, I fairly skipped to daddy's condo.
It was a bit after 10 in the morning when I tapped on his door. I made sure not to knock too loud in case he was still asleep.
The door opened almost immediately and daddy greeted me with open arms.
"So, you decided, I take it?"
"Yes, daddy. I'm yours if you still want me."
"Get naked baby."
I took off my cargo shorts and the speedo I wore under it.
I like your style baby. That swim suits looks like panties. Have you ever wore panties?"
"Oh, no daddy. Never," I giggled.
"You will baby. From now on my girl will wear pretty panties for her daddy."
"Yes, daddy," I responded kneeling between his open legs.
He looked at me and I at him. I was waiting for him to tell me to suck his cock again.
Silence.
It dawned on me that maybe I was supposed to ask. "Daddy, may I suck your cock, please?"
"Good girl. I knew you were special. You knew to ask and ask politely. Suck it, bitch."
Daddy fixed me a cup of hot tea to wash down his sperm. We sat at the table, daddy holding my hand and promising me a life more exciting than I could have ever dreamed. "You're a wonderful cock sucker, johnnie. That's something you should be proud of and something I intend to share with others."
I have no explanation why his telling me he was going to have me suck other men's cocks excited me. Yes, I felt diminished. I felt a bit dirty. But my dick responded with gusto. His words made me harder than I was when I had his cock in my mouth earlier.
Daddy noticed. "Did you beat off last night?"
I was afraid to tell him the truth and afraid to lie. I nodded while tearing up. "I'm sorry daddy. As soon as I finished I knew I messed up."
"You didn't disappoint me, johnnie. I knew you would. Now do you understand why you being mine will be good for you?"
"I do, daddy. Really, I do."
"Okay. Let's hit the beach."
We walked down to the shore, and it was then that I finally noticed that it appeared to be a gay beach. "Daddy? Is this a gay beach?"
"Why so it is, baby. Why?"
"I'm not like that, daddy."
"Oh, really?" he chuckled.
He led me past the large crowds to a place less populated with sun worshippers. We spread out the blanket he had me carry and we lay down.
"Daddy?"
"What now, baby?"
"My dick is still hard. It won't go down."
Daddy laughed. "I put a Viagra in your tea baby. I have a surprise for you in a little bit."
As our private place grew less and less private with others laying down their towels and blankets, daddy said it was time.
He pulled me up and had me face some people who were pretty close to us.
Then, he pulled my speedo down to my ankles. I struggled to get free but daddy stopped me with a sharp smack on my bare bottom. "Stand there and look at those pretty boys over there."
One arm around my chest, he used his other hand to jerk my dick roughly.
Whispering in my ear, daddy hissed that this would be my punishment for masturbating last night without his permission.
I tried to struggle but he held me with hardly any effort and masturbated me much to the delight of those watching.
Even through the humiliation I could feel my lust rising. On display for the amusement of strangers as daddy demonstrated his dominance over me was so very arousing and exciting.
"Come closer guys," daddy urged the crowd of onlookers. "Feed this sissy some cock."
They didn't hesitate. As daddy pushed down on my shoulders, the first man pulled down the front of his swim trucks and freed his beautiful cock. Not quite hard, when the large purple head grazed my lips. Any resistance I might have had left me.
I opened my mouth and welcomed the first of several cocks that took advantage of daddy's offer.
I held the man's hips as he gently fucked my sucking mouth. When he climaxed, he pulled back so I could savor his essence.
I hardly had time to breathe before the next cock presented me with the opportunity to please its owner.
"Suck my black cock bitch," I was told, and I did. I'd never seen a black man's cock much less had one to enjoy. As perverse as that sounds, I swear to you that I most assuredly enjoyed it.
It's not that it was larger than the others; daddy's and the first guy. But it was different. Instead of seeing a white expanse of stomach as I slobbered over his cock, it was almost like night had fallen. His dark skin was dark, smooth, and sexy. His ass was firm as I pulled him into my wanton mouth.
When that gentleman was ready to cum, he pulled his cock completely out of my mouth and sprayed my face with his thick sperm. Rope of thick tangy cum laced me face as I tried with mouth wide open to catch my reward.
Three more cocks passed through my lips, using my mouth to empty their balls.
"Now it's my turn," daddy said. He used my hair to pull my face up. "Look at them, baby. Look at all your admirers as I make you a woman."
Without any lubricant, daddy pushed his cock in me. I heard applause over my screams of pain. I cried tears as the audience laughed at my predicament.
"Look at them, johnnie. Look at all the people watching me fuck you like the disobedient sissy you are."
It seemed like forever for the pain to begin to ease. I soon found myself enjoying being fucked regardless of who was watching. It didn't matter to me. I begged daddy to fuck me, make me his woman.
"Tell them, bitch. Tell your fan club what you want."
"Oh God, daddy. Yes. Fuck me. I need to you fuck me deep and hard daddy. Show them you're my daddy and fuck me."
Dady picked up his pace and furiously pounded my bottom. Cocks appeared in front of me. A flurry of hands masturbating as daddy's cock had my clitty spewing my own seemingly non-stop orgasm.
"Oh, God," I moaned as first one than another cock exploded in my face.
I heard laughter and clapping as two more cocks erupted strings of cum on my face, in my hair, my ears, my mouth.
"I'm cumming, baby girl. Your daddy is cumming in his bitch," he growled as he pounded my ass harder still.
I felt his cock expand and jerk as daddy drained his balls in me, making me his bitch.
When daddy finished coming, he pushed me away and I fell flat on my stomach, drained of energy from the thorough fucking he gave me.
I must have laid there for several minutes catching my breath. When I stood up, I saw that my speedo was around one ankle. I bent over and removed it. I had sand sticking all over me where the seed of many participants was drying.
Twirling the small latex suit from my finger, I smiled at those who gathered to witness my punishment and swaying my big bottom from side to side, I walked down into the ocean to wash off the drying sperm and sand that covered my upper torso.
I felt like a million bucks. Daddy had taken from me my manhood. He showed me and others who the Alpha is, and I fell easily into the beta personification which would define me for the rest of my life.
Believe me when I tell you I felt sexy walking back to my daddy. My dick was still erect and painfully so but I didn't complain. To complain would have been useless. Daddy would have ignored it and it occurred to me that my place in his world may, at times, be uncomfortable.
I sat between his legs, my head resting against his broad chest as he regaled his audience with how we met and what an accomplished cock sucker I was. That I was the only one completely nude did not bother me. Daddy had made it clear that he likes showing me off and I found that I enjoyed being displayed as his property.
"You're a little cock craving whore, aren't you baby girl?"
"Yes, daddy," I smiled. "You made me your cock craving whore and I love it."
"Tell me sweetheart. Did you like showing off for strangers?"
I had to think about that. "Daddy, I have never been exposed like that, ever. But with you, I liked it. I liked it a lot too which surprises me."
"So what? You're telling me I own a cock craving exhibitionist whore?"
I turned smiling to answer him and that was when we shared our first kiss. My arm draped around daddy's neck as he pulled me close, holding my bottom as our tongues were introduced to each other.
Without trying, I had gained daddy's approval and knew he loved showing off his property as much as I wanted him to use me in public.
I wanted to walk all the way back to the condo naked, but daddy told me I'd get arrested. Reluctantly, I pulled my speedo back on. Waving to our new friends, daddy and I walked hand in hand back to his condo.
"That was exciting, daddy," I gushed as I washed him in the shower. "I never felt so sexy, so horny before."
"Yeah. I saw that baby. We'll have to try different way to show you off."
Later that afternoon, we went shopping before dinner. Daddy bought me several pairs of pretty panties. He particularly liked the pink bikini panty. The body of the material was very thin, so thin my dick would show. The red lacy waist band contrasted nicely and my dick grew hard when I thought about wearing them on the beach the next day.
Daddy took us to a beach store next which sold swim suits for all types. He bought me a pink thong, a woman's black one-piece which covered my chest and yet, had high-cut sides and thong bottom. That it was a woman's swimsuit met with daddy's plan to completely feminize me.
"We'll see how you like these and if you do, baby, your daddy will buy you a whole wardrobe of women's clothing to wear when we got out.
Daddy and I had our dinner at a little expensive Sushi place where several of those who watched me getting fucked stopped by our table to say hello.
"I'm surprised your little fuck toy can sit after the pounding she got today," one couple told daddy.
"Your girl is a wonderful cock sucker, sir," A large handsome black man greeted us a bit too loudly.
"Tell her," daddy said.
"Thank you baby. You suck a mean cock."
"My pleasure sir," I giggled, blushing.
"You've become a rock star baby girl, daddy beamed.
"Um, daddy. Don't you mean a cock star?"
We both laughed each comfortable in our own skin.
Daddy had me wear my new pink panties to the beach the next day. "Look at everyone staring at us," I said as we paraded down the beach the next morning. "I think they like my new swimsuit."
"You mean panties, baby. Everyone knows you're wearing panties."
"I love them, daddy. Thank you again."
I didn't need Viagra today. As soon as I slid the silky nylon up over my big bottom my dick grew hard. It was hard and on display as we made our way back to yesterday's scene of the crime.
Once in our not-so-private spot, we laid out our towels and lay back watching the waves crash against the shore.
No one bothered us and I asked my daddy why is that I feel so sexy in panties and why did the thought of me dressing in female clothes excited me so."
Daddy turned my question back on me. "Why do you think it excites you baby?"
I gave it lots of thought before deciding that I was a woman inside. "Maybe I should change my gender, daddy," I whispered afraid that I might be right.
"No baby girl," he chuckled. "You're the right gender for what you are. Baby, you're what real men call a sissy. Let me ask you this. Have you ever in your life masturbated to the thought of fucking a woman?"
"I have," I admitted.
"Have you ever jacked off thinking about men?"
"No. Never. That's why I'm confused."
"Of course you're confused. Most sissies are until they're shown who and what they are. When I first saw you, I knew you were the type that needed to be shown the way. You recognized me as an Alpha male and whether you knew it or not, you submitted to me because deep inside, in your subconscious, you desired to serve real men."
"But the women's clothes, daddy. Why?"
"Because you know you've got to do what you can to attract real men, baby. It's instinctual for you and those like you. You need to show men your feminine side. Really, besides wanting to look sexy for me, it's your way of surrendering all pretense of masculinity. In short, sweet cock sucker of mine, you have tacitly, and happily I might add, given up your manhood."
"Let me ask you this. Since I first finger fucked you and that first time you sucked my cock, haven't you felt more comfortable, more confident about yourself?"
It was true. Before daddy allowed me to suck his cock, I didn't have to confidence to walk across a crowded beach naked. I would have never sucked strange men nor allowed myself to be fucked in public. I liked it and I like myself more than ever.
I hugged daddy as my answer.
Sadly, the week was over, and I tearfully told daddy that it was time for me to go back to work.
"Did I say you could leave, baby? Did your daddy give you permission to leave?
"No, daddy but...."
"No buts sweet girl. Call your office and quit."
"Just like that, daddy. No notice or anything?"
"Do it," he said with meaning.
Daddy took me shopping as a way to cheer me up and to also celebrate my newfound freedom from work and belonging 100% to daddy.
"Put the fucking skirt on, johnnie. Do I have to pull your pants off here in the store and spank your bottom in front of the nice sale woman?"
Daddy was making me take a giant step from panties and bathing suits to actual women's wear. I was reluctant. Maybe it was some stored up false masculinity that I was clinging to. Maybe it was just embarrassment. I didn't know. What I did know was that I did not want a bare bottom spanking right there.
I pulled on the tight mini skirt. Half my bottom showed under it. That was the look daddy wanted. He told me he was going to dress me sexy and he meant it.
When we left the store, I was wearing the tiny skirt and a red tube top. My shoes were 4" raised espadrilles. While I felt foolish wearing ladies clothing, knowing the bottom of my big butt was showing aroused me. People could see my leopard print panty and a partial bare bottom. I was indeed an exhibitionist.
Daddy took me by my hand and led me into a night club. It didn't take long for me to see that it was a gay club. Guys were dancing, kissing, feeling each other up. It turned me on to know that I would soon be on display for those pretty twinks and they're real men partners.
"Give my girl here a Cosmo and a Scotch on the rock for me," daddy ordered.
While we waited for our cocktails, daddy opened a tiny case. Pulling out a small white tablet, he told me to take it.
I should have at least asked what it was but I trusted daddy and washed the pill down with my Cosmo.
I knew when a slow number was played and daddy wanted to dance that he was going to show me off again.
No sooner than we hit the dance floor, daddy had both hands on my bottom. I felt him raise my skirt until it was at my waist.
I didn't care. For some reason I began to feel hyper-sexy and hyper-sexual. My dick was hard, my pulse raced, and I wanted sex.
"Let's save this skirt for another time, baby," he whispered in my ear.
I felt him fumble with the back button. I could almost hear the zipper being pulled down. The next thing I knew, I was stepping out of my new skirt and dancing with daddy in only my panties, my tube top, and my pretty new shoes.
I buried my face in daddy's chest and reached down for his cock as he spun me around. "Daddy, I could suck you right here if you want," I said in a loud voice trying to be heard over the pounding music.
"Maybe later, baby. The night's still young."
Someone tapped him on the shoulder and asked if he could cut in. "By all means. She's yours," daddy smiled handing me off to a man.
"Hi, sugar. First time here?"
"Yes, sir," I smiled. "My daddy brought me here to celebrate my belonging to him."
"He handed you off pretty fast then."
I felt his hands roaming my body. soon he had a hand down the back of my panty cupping one of my large cheeks. "Nice soft pussy, baby."
He was turning on and seemed to know just what buttons to push. "Glad you like it, sir," I smiled up at him. "Built for comfort," I joked.
I was getting aroused by a complete stranger. Being felt up in public with daddy watching only served to make me more aroused. I felt great. I felt so sexy and I wanted to be fucked right on the dance floor. I wanted everyone there to see me fucking daddy's handsome friend.
"Is this for me?" I smiled clutching his nice erection.
"I think it only polite if we ask your daddy first."
By this time, the place was jammed and jumping. Bois of all types and ages, in various degrees of nakedness were partying like I'd never seen. Hands reached out to grab and caress me as we worked our way through the crowd to find my daddy.
Someone pulled my panty down in the back and I struggled to keep it on, laughing with the crowd.
"There's your daddy," my dance partner said.
Daddy was off in a corner, seated at a table with a beautiful woman of possibly Brazilian descent. Her mocha-colored skin glowed in the strobe lights that flashed around us.
"Cassandra, this is my johnnie I was telling you about. johnnie, baby girl, meet Cassandra."
"Very pleased to meet you Ma'am," I said feeling a little jealous.
"Hal," my dance partner interrupted. "Can I take your girl here some place private for a little personal attention?"
Daddy reached in his pocket and pulled out a wad of cash. "Take this johnnie. When Frank is done with you, catch a cab back to our place. If I'm not there, tell the doorman to let you in."
The next thing I knew, Frank was dragging me out of the place and all I had on was my panties, shoes, and tube top.
He led me to his car which was a new Corvette. The gentleman he was, Frank opened the door for me. Glad to be off the street, dressed as I was, I climbed in. Frank spared no fuel when speeding us out of there.
"It's a long ride, johnnie. Settle in."
It wasn't that long a ride. Not long enough for me to get Frank's cock out.
"This is Atlantique, baby," he said pulling up to a beautiful home.
Frank's house was on the water and looked out over Long Island Sound. "Oh, Franklin, this is beautiful, I gushed looking out the wall of windows."
Frank came up behind me and his hands went to my nipples. It was like pouring gasoline on a fire. I pushed my bottom back against his growing cock and put my hands over his and moaned my excitement.
"Beautiful bitch like you going around naked in a club full of guys. You ought to be spanked for such crude behavior."
"Promises, promises, big man," I hissed.
"I'll show you promises, you sexy whore."
Frank grabbed my hand and pulled me onto his lap where he sat in a chair in front of the open window. Leaving my panty in place, he first caressed my bottom. He was working me into a lather, with his soft touch.
The sudden crack and simultaneous pain on my buttocks let me know Frank was making good on his word.
He rained down spank after spank, slowly, not really hard, stopping only to caress me there before resuming my spanking.
He slowly and deliberately warmed my ass up, turning me into a twitchy, jiggling batch of horny bitch.
He would spank and stop, caress, spank and stop, filling me with crazed lust that had me begging him to spank me harder and fuck me at the same time.
I almost came in my panties as Frank was tending to my bottom. He finally stopped and I hurriedly knelt between his legs and nearly tore open his trousers to get to his cock.
No words were said as I swallowed his manhood down to his pelvis. He sat there, regal, like a king getting his due.
I moved down to put my face on his balls, tonguing and licking and feeling his squirm.
Frank stopped me so he could get undressed. I sat back on my haunches and watched the handsome man remove his clothing. His cock was a nice 8" and stuck out hard and high from his body.
When Frank was fully undressed, he reached for my hand and helped me up off the floor.
He led me up the stairs into a fabulous bedroom fit for royalty. The huge round bed faced another wall of windows. He pulled back the bed spread and lay back against the headboard propped up by pillows.
Still no spoken words were necessary. I crawled back between his legs and began where I left off. As I lick and kissed his big balls, Frank used his feet to push his ass up giving me access to his most private part.
I knew what he wanted and thought it the nastiest, most dirty thing I'd ever do as I stabbed his anus with my tongue.
"Ooooh, yeah, bitch. Suck my ass baby," he groaned the first sounds he made since he warmed my bottom up.
I jacked his sexy cock and tongued his asshole for several minutes reveling in the perverse pleasure we were both getting.
"Get on my cock, baby. Suck it."
I licked my way over his balls and up the hot throbbing shaft. I tongued around the flared head before once again swallowing his member. Bobbing my head up and down while rolling his balls in my hand, Frank told he was going to cum.
Argh, God," He grunted. He held my head and humped his hips up and down fucking my face.
Just like when daddy fucked my mouth, there is no feeling in the world like when a man, a real man uses your mouth like his personal pussy and fills it with cum. A sense of pride washed over me, knowing it was me who pleasured him to the point where he could do nothing else but reward me with his sperm.
I suckled Frank until he was soft tasting his offering, savoring the thick tangy ejaculate.
I lay with my head on his chest as Frank basked in euphoric afterglow of his orgasm. He toyed with my nipples and asked who taught me to suck cocks like that.
"No one taught me, Franklin. Daddy said I have an innate talent and need to please real men like you."
I was waiting and hoping Frank would fuck me or even blow me but he said if I wanted, I could beat off in the bathroom. He seemed satisfied to lay there and fall asleep.
Needing relief, I went to his master bath and fucked some wadded-up toilet paper until at last my aching balls were empty.
I took off my shoes and tube top and crawled into bed beside Frank. I fell asleep to his snoring.
The next morning, we were awakened by a maid who surprised me when she announced that coffee was ready. I looked around and didn't see Frank.
I was rubbing the sleep from my eyes when Frank appeared coming out of the En suite bathroom in a beautiful silk dressing gown. "Ready for some coffee baby?"
"Franklin, I can't go down there dressed like this."
"Sure you can baby doll. Maria has seen it all."
Frank left me to think about it. Finally, after 10 minutes I pulled on my tube top, stepped into my pretty shoes, pulled my panties out of the crack of my ass. Fixing my mussed up hair as best I could, I made my way down the long spiral staircase. I found Frank in the kitchen and joined him at the marble table.
"Ah, the Senorita has joined us. Coffee Senorita?" the maid asked.
"Um please, uh, por favor, Ma'am."
She poured me a cup of coffee and indicated where the cream and sugar were on the table. Not saying a word, she seemed not to notice my state of undress.
"Told you, she's seen it all baby," Frank smiled. "Thank you for last night. I've called you an Uber. It's on my account so don't worry about tipping the driver."
It took only 10 minutes before we heard the horn. Humiliated to the max, I walked to the Uber. He knew where to take me. I guess Frank had entered my destination.
More humiliation was in store for me as I walked up to the Condo. The doorman was gracious as he held the door for me. "Good morning, Miss," he smiled.
"Yes, it is. Thank you, sir."
Fortunately, no one was in the elevator as I rode up to Frank's apartment sparing me more humiliation.
I stumbled into the apartment and went to the bedroom looking for my daddy.
I found him sprawled out on the bed. Beside him was that beautiful mocha lady from the club. She too was naked. The sheet was down below her magnificent breasts which were blessed with nipples that had to be an inch long and fat.
I had mixed emotions seeing them together like that. I knew daddy was a real man and could and would do as he wanted. But his being with a woman made me feel somewhat insecure.... and jealous.
"Daddy?" I called quietly.
Daddy stirred, saw me and smiled. "Come here baby girl," he said pulling the sheet aside. "I have a surprise for you."
I curled up beside daddy who asked how my night went. "Franklin was nice, daddy. I love his house."
"Sure you did. It's a nice little place."
Our quiet talk must have awakened Cassandra. "Hello sweetie," she smiled at me. She made no effort to cover her breasts.
When she saw me staring, she grinned. "Like what you see young lady?"
"They're beautiful, Cassandra."
"Come here baby," she said reaching for me. Cassandra pulled my face into her breasts and told me to suck her nipples.
Cradling me like a nursing baby, Cassandra cooed as I gently suckled until her nipple grew to almost two inches.
I felt her pushing my head down and tried a bit to resist. "Go on, johnnie," I heard daddy tell me. "Do what she wants."
Cassandra pushed my face down her tummy as she pulled away the sheet that was covering her lower body.
"Oh my God," I thought. When she moved the sheets off her body, there, laying across her thigh was the most beautiful caramel colored cock. Cassandra was clean shaven down there and her cock and balls were gorgeous.
It may have been rude of me not to ask but I slid down and took her beautiful cock in my little hand.
"Told you I had a surprise for you, baby. Go on. Suck her cock."
I could spend hours detailing how beautiful her cock was. Thick, hot, and throbbing. Looking up at a beautiful woman with big breasts and a wonderful cock was the most thrilling event of my new life.
As I licked and sucked, daddy moved to her breasts, taking over when I had been. "Bite me, Hal. Do momma like you know she loves."
I had a sudden inspiration. Pushing upon Cassandra's legs, I began to kiss her big round buttocks. I heard her make a croaking kind of noise and she pulled my face between her butt cheeks. "Do momma, baby girl. Eat momma's ass like a good faggot."
Her ass was so big that I was having a difficult getting my tongue where we both wanted it.
Cassandra, understanding the dilemma, told me to turn over on my back. When I complied, she squatted over my face pulling her ass cheeks apart.
I held her big brown bottom and tongued her anus as I had done Franklin's. Cassandra was nearly smothering me with her big ass as she ground down wanting more of my tongue in her sexy ass.
I heard her grunt and felt her moving. Smiling down at me, she lowered he cock into my open mouth. I felt Cassandra's balls hard against my chin as my throat opened to accommodate her long thick cock.
As she fucked my face, Cassandra reached back and grabbed my hard dick. Tugging hard, she berated me for having such a big clit. "Hal, this cock sucker has such a big clit. Maybe momma will pull it off."
Her cock, her words, her tugging on my dick caused me to climax. At the same time, Cassandra began to furiously fuck my mouth. Her balls bounced against my chin as she forced all of her cock into my esophagus.
I had no choice but to lay there as Cassandra emptied her balls directly into my stomach. I held her big jiggling ass as she shuddered and shook with the force of her orgasm.
She kept her cock in me until I could feel it grow soft. Pulling out, Cssandra leaned down and kissed me on my lips. "Very nice, you sweet cock sucker. We'll do this again, soon. Hal?"
"Anytime Cassandra," daddy said. "johnnie will suck your cock whenever you want her to."
The three of us showered together and daddy let me suck him off as Cassandra watched. Then, still naked, we went into the kitchen and had brunch.
The conversation turned to me and daddy asked Cassandra how I could be made to look more feminine.
She had a wide grin. "Wait here, Hal. We'll be back."
Cassandra took me into the bathroom. After some thought, she put my hair in a French braid. Then, after retrieving her bag, she pulled out her make-up kit and performed magic on my face.
My eyes looked different with look, full lashes. The mascara gave me a mysterious look and the vibrant red on my lips made them kissable.
"What do you think, cock sucker?"
"Why, Miss Cassandra do you keep calling me cock sucker?"
"You suck cocks, no?"
I nodded.
"So I call you cock sucker. But now, you're a beautiful cock sucker. You can thank momma later when you eat my ass and suck my cock again."
"Yes Ma'am. It will be my pleasure."
"Of course, it will be your pleasure, cock sucker. Now let's show your daddy your new look."
"Well, well. Cassandra, you're an artist. Now my sissy looks like the whore she is. Perfect."
With all the praise, my dick got hard. Both Cassandra and daddy laughed at my discomfort.
Daddy had me waiting on them all afternoon. Finally, Cassandra bid her farewell and kissed us both. "Remember cock sucker, you owe me," she laughed and pulled on my still hard dick as she walked out the door.
We rested the remainder of the day though I couldn't help but go to the mirror once in a while to see how pretty Cassandra made me look.
"I've been invited to a birthday party, johnnie. I think you'd make a lovely gift for those who attend."
My life as daddy's personal sissy was going to be very exciting.