This was originally written during a series of email exchanges a couple years past. I thought it would be fun to share this with you.
It was a wonderful day to drive through the back roads of the Pacific Northwest. The cool autumn air and sunshine to highlight the fall colors making for a scene from a romance novel. And to imagine that I was in the company of a wonderfully sensual woman enjoying the laziness of that day. You see, we were both in sexless relationships and have discovered each other though a random encounter. Who would of guess that an exchange of business cards would have led to that this encounter in time.
With music playing the background I noticed that our light chat had drifted off to long periods of silence. I'm not sure if it was due to the beautifully colorful mountain vistas we were experiencing or the highly charged sexual teasing we had been exchanging the weeks leading up to then. Little did I know that what was to come next would answer those silent moments.
I wasn't aware that an alternative motive was in play when she wore the nicely fitted wrap around dress. I thought it was to help highlight her sexy curves, bountiful breasts and the color of her deeply sensual eyes.
With a seductively teasing yet form tone, she told me to "Keep your eyes on the road" she proceeded to unfasten her dress. Little by little I saw her exposing her body where even others passing could easily view her. I did my best to keep focus on the road which added a degree of eroticism as I viewed with my peripheral vision. Senses were in full alert as I felt a familiar surge of sexual tension while she started to caress her exposed smoothness. It was wonderful how she delicately touched herself with the appearance of pure innocent pleasure. I knew she is having a similar awakening of tension as I as her breaths had deepened each time she fingers danced across her skin.
As the breezes of the open windows filled the vehicle, she proceeded to unclasp her bra and playfully removed it. The coolness of the air enticed pertness to her breasts as her nipples happily responded with full stiffness. My own sexual tension increased realizing my observations were causing me to be physically visible through my Levi 501's. A gentle verbal reminder was once again shared to remind me to keep my eye on the road.
I was in total disbelief. I never would of imagined to have such a beautiful woman sitting next to me with such intent to seduce such passion. The suggestive touches all seem to have grace and passion while promoting an unspoken charge of sexual freedom.
The fluid motion of her caresses continued as they drifted downwards to fully expose her under garment. I must admit that I taken a quick peep to see a very sexy pair of lacy blue panties which barely obscured a perfectly groomed puff of happiness. I also became totally infatuated with how wet she was as the crotch material was fully transparent. Reality snapped my attention back to driving as a car honked and passed us for going too slow. I also realized that the radio station we were listening to had faded into a lazy background static. With a quick adjustment, we are now listening to the 80's.
Adapting the rhythm of the music, she continued to playfully caress her exposed skin which obviously has taken her to a heighten state of pleasure. I catch her occasionally touching herself through her lace panty as we both slipped down the slope of sexual desire. Without a word, she proceeded to slowly slip the lacy garment downwards and off her legs. The erotic scent of sex filled the vehicle and I noticed that my 501's were soaked through with my pre-cum. My wetness didn't go unnoticed as she reached over to trace her finger back and forth across my semi-erect but contained manhood. The electrifying sensation of her touch had me trying to reach full erection while being constrained within my jeans. I felt as I had a tent pole trying to be pushed through a WWII canvas tent. The sensation of pleasure and pain was overwhelming.
Leaning forward she reached for her purse and removed a life like and sized vibrator. Placing it into her mouth, she slowly licked the surface making it glisten. After adjusting her seat back a bit, she slowly worked it's vibrating smoothness across her parted vaginal lips. This was almost too much to bare and I found a place to pull off into.
With one hand rubbing me through my jeans and the other controlling her toy, she slowly inserted it's length fully into her sex. After a short few quick rounds, she arched her back and entered into a very intense orgasm. Even with her full body quaking, she managed to continue to stoke me through my jeans. Between the sight, smell and touch. I couldn't help but join her in waves of organism while ejaculating within my pants.
After a few minutes she withdrew her vibrator and placed it to my lips. While I gazed into her dreamy eyes, I licked up her juices. and scent. After a few minutes we settled from our mutual climax and she leaned into me whispering "what is good for the goose is good for the gander and next time she would be driving".
***********