"Memsahib, Sahib has ordered no type of clothes for you, Sorry!" was Suja's reply to my pleading with her to give me a towel to spread on the floor so that my knees did not hurt.
I was naked and bend on my knees and on all four hands scrubbing the bathroom floor with a scrub. I was denied the mop and had to do it with my hand, a punishment given by Suja. As I was on knees and in the dog position, my asshole and pussy was on full display to Suja, my servant woman. She had a rod as was instructed by my husband Vivek, to treat me like a farm buffalo. Once I was tired and lifted my hands to wipe my sweat, Suja actually poked me in my pussy with the rod, and it nearly went inside my pussy hole quite a bit. I was angry to be treated like this, but I did not show that on my face to Suja, as I wanted no further humiliation from this servant women. Suja was not interested in beating my ass, she was interested in poking the rod in my asshole or pussy hole and waiting for an excuse to do so. I was inclined in not giving her one.
Suddenly I heard the calling bell to our house ringing. I got afraid, because if it was some visitors and I could not imagine what dirty plan Vivek would come up with. I was in the master bedroom attached bathroom and so would not be visible from the main door. I heard Vivek open the front door.
"Veena, the milkman is here. He is asking if we need 1 bottle or 2 today." I had cancelled the milkman for today, but that asshole must have forgotten. I could not go there on my because of my state.
I just yelled back to Vivek, "1 bottle is enough, please collect the bottle as my hands are dirty."
Vivek, who was well aware of my state and wanting to humiliate me more said "Veena, come and collect the bottle yourself, I am working on my laptop and have a call now. Or should I send the milkman inside?"
I didn't know what to say. Vivek was scheming to display me to the milkman as well. I was really nervous. Then an idea struck me.
"Suja, will you please collect the milk bottle? I beg you, please" I pleaded to my servant to save me.
Suja thought for a while and said "Ok, on one condition, you should treat me like the memsahib for the rest of the day and be my slave today and do whatever I say. Agreed?"
"He is coming to you Veena, you take the bottle from him directly." It was Vivek yelling to me from the hall about letting in the milkman.
I had no choice and agreed to Suja's demand to be her slave for today. Suja immediately ran from the bathroom to bedroom and to the hall to avoid the milkman entering the bedroom and collected the milk bottle there. She came back to the bathroom after few minutes and said that the milkman had left. I was relieved, at least one more humiliation was avoided, but now I was Suja's slave for today. What could go more badly for me than what it was now, were my thoughts?
"Memsahib, please move away from the toilet." It was Suja ordering me to move away from the toilet.
I was knelt down on all four and naked and cleaning the floor of the bathroom. I was actually scrubbing the tiles near the toilet and Suja was ordering me to move away, though I did not understand why. I moved away from the toilet and sat there on my leg in the kneeling position and looked to see, why Suja wanted me to move away from the toilet.
Suja came close to me and with the rod poked my pussy from the front, and said
"Continue your work you bitch."
She was now more confident and was commanding me around. I started again to scrub the floor. Suja walked to the toilet and lifted her skirt and sat on the toilet seat and started to pee. It was disgusting to see my servant's hairy pussy and I gave a look of disgust. Suja saw this and suddenly stopped peeing and came to me, still holding her skirt all the way up. Since I was kneeling, when she came close to me, her pussy was so close to my face. I could smell her pee and also so some pee dripping to the floor beside me. I crawled back in disgust.
Suja came closer to me and said "Don't you like my pussy, bitch? I have been seeing your pussy and asshole since morning and didn't show any disgust. I even gave you enjoyment with my fingers. Now you are my slave and slaves don't have a choice."
Saying that she started peeing on my face, it happened so suddenly that I was not able to move quickly and moreover I was backed up on a wall. I was drenched in Suja's pee by the time she finished.
"Show me the scrub." Suja asked me casually after peeing on my face and body as if nothing happened. Her pee was in a puddle on the floor that I had just cleaned. It was stinking badly too. Suja took the scrub that I gave to her and started inspecting the scrub.
"You don't need the scrub, lick the pee on the floor and clean it with your tongue."
I started crying and called out to Vivek.
Vivek came to the bathroom and seeing me drenched and a puddle near me guessed that something had happened. I narrated the whole story including the fact that I was made slave for Suja collecting the bottle and how she peed on me and was asking me to lick the pee of the floor.
"Well if you have agreed to be slave to Suja, then it was your decision and I can't help on that" was all Vivek said.
Hearing this Suja knew she had full control over me.
Suja ordered right in front of Vivek "Stand up bitch. Let me inspect you." saying this Suja came to me and kicked my ass from the side urging me to stand up.
I stood up, drenched in Suja's pee, naked as the day I was born. Suja came near me and started pressing my boobs and said
"You got good boobs and your pussy is not bad either. But you behave like a bitch and a bitch you shall be today" saying this she pushed me to the ground.
I lost balance and fell into the pee puddle on the floor. Vivek left the room and left me to be handled by this bitch Suja who was my servant. As soon as Vivek left Suja went and closed the bathroom door and started to remove her clothes. She first removed her blouse and as I knew she was not wearing any bra inside. Her boobs were hung and she had pretty large boobs and bit bigger than mine with black nipples like mine. Then she proceeded to remove her skirt and her hairy pussy came to display. Her pussy was so hairy that I felt she must not have shaved her pussy for like more than a years.
"I always wanted to have a clean pussy like yours, memsahib (she did not quit calling me that, although now it was to mock me). But I never could do it and the last time my husband did it for me. I want you to shave my pussy clean and leave no hair there. Understood?" She was commanding me.
I nodded and took my razor from the shelf and asked her to be seated on the toilet seat and spread her legs. She did as was told and I took some water and soap and cleaned her pussy first, with my hands. I could feel her clit and vagina I washed her with water. I also realized that there was some pubic her in her ass as well. I slowly lathered the soap on her pussy and ass. And using the razor started shaving her pussy. When I completed her front part, and not wanting to do her ass bottom part lied that I had completed the task of shaving her. She started feeling her pussy and realized that I had left out her ass region. Suja got angry on this and kicked me, since I was sitting in the crouched position, I fell backwards. Before I could get back up Suja came and sat on my face. Her pussy was on my mouth.
"Since you could not feel the hair with your hands, feel it with your tongue bitch", Suja was commanding me to lick her pussy and asshole.
I started trying to free myself from Suja's grip, but she was strong and held me down. She was actually sitting on my face.
"Put your tongue out or I will make you feel more pain." Suja was threatening me.
I slowly opened my mouth and brought my tongue out. Suja spread her pussy lips with her fingers and inserted my tongue into her pussy. It was disgusting and tasted salty. I was used to drinking Vivek's cum. But this was different. I was made again and again to lick her pussy hole and then she made me lick her asshole. Finally she spread her ass and made me shave away any pubic hair I had left out in the first attempt. She then started to rub herself and came on me, I was now drenched in her pee and cum.
She started to take her bath while I had to clean the bathroom floors. She washed herself and made me dry her with my towel. She then wore her dress and looked at the cleaning work I had done.
"You have made me very happy today, so I will now tell Sahib that you have completed your work." Saying this she gave a playful slap on my ass.
We walked to the hall together, I naked as the day I was born, drenched in Suja's pee and cum and my servant Suja fully clothed. Vivek knew something had happened inside, since he left, but did not mention anything or show any signs that he knew.
"Is the cleaning over, Suja?" Vivek checked with Suja.
"Yes Sahib. Memsahib has cleaned the house." Suja replied.
"Ok, you can now go Suja. Hope you enjoyed your day here today!" Vivek was humiliating me with his words now.
"Yes Sahib. This will be a treasured day for me." Suja said smiling at me.
I stood there in the hall, silent, naked and wondering how long more this day was going to be and what more was in stock for me.