I woke up the same way as always. Fully naked with Matt's cock still in my butt from last night. And his right arm around my chest.
"Good morning beautiful." Matt said.
"Good morning master." I replied.
We layed there for a few minutes enjoying the feeling of his cock in my ass, while my head was resting on his muscular chest. He caressed my hair softly, stroking it, while I closed my eyes, still sleepy, savoring the feeling of his rock hard dick inside my butt.
"My biker friends won't be here for hours when they take you out tonight. Let's spend the whole day right here the way we are right now. Please continue to rest on my chest, darling." Matt said.
"Yes sir. I wouldn't want to ruin my new found reputation as a biker slut. Besides, it feels so nice resting on your chest. Feels natural to lie there with your penis in my butt." I said.
He gave me a loving smile and wrapped his left arm around my waist. Holding me close to his body, pulling me closer against him, so I was facing him.
He kissed me gently on the lips.
"Feeling your perfectly smooth skin against mine, knowing that you are completely bare and vulnerable underneath me, and that I am the only person wearing clothes, drives me wild." He said.
I could feel my heartbeat increase at hearing that. It turned me on knowing that I was just laying there totally naked and vulnerable, with his dick deep in my ass.
"Matt, for as long as I am your boyfriend or your slave or whatever you decide to call me, please never allow me to wear clothes. Please make sure I am always naked whenever possible. No matter what the circumstances may be. You will not even see me wearing underwear or socks. The whole time I've known you, you have never seen me wear clothes, and I want to keep it that way. Because being naked gives me confidence and reminds me of the nature of our relationship. As my master, I trust you completely. And as a result, I will always want to obey you and serve you." I said.
"Lexi, why would you even ask that? Your nakedness is just as important to me as it is to you. I promise that from now on you will always be naked. No exceptions. Underwear, pants, shorts, boxers, t-shirts, anything that covers you up, will be far away from you. But most importantly, you will never cover your perfect body either. I will cherish and appreciate it fully without covering it up with clothing. I want everyone to be able to admire it as much as I do. That's why you will never wear clothes anymore under my watch. That's how you want it, but most importantly, that's how I require it." Matt said.
I nodded.
"Yes. I love how you made me your naked boy doll. Your sex slave. Nothing but your raw naked body exposed for all to see. Always in the buff. It really turns me on. It's a feeling I always had. And now I'm with someone who now makes me doing it without me having a say in it. I can't wait till the day comes that you ask me to marry you, because once we're married, I'll be your naked bride. My clothes gone. Being a walking exhibitionist and whore. Serving my master and anyone else you decide to invite into our bedroom. I will never complain about it. I will live for it. I will accept it. Because that's how I love you. " I said.
"Well thank you sweetheart. I love you too. And from now on, I will strive to make you happy and to fulfill your dreams and desires. Including your dream of becoming my naked boy-wife. Yes, you heard me right. When the time is right, I will formally ask you to be my naked girly boy-wife. Until then, you will stay a beautiful naked little boy for me to fuck." He said.
I giggled.
"Yes sir. I will stay a naked little boy for you to fuck. I will wait patiently until that special day arrives. Until then, I will stay naked and allow anyone you want to rape me. It doesn't matter to me. For as long as you are my master, I will be your obedient boy toy. Whenever you have guests over, I will be ready and waiting to be used as a fag whore for you and them. I will spread my legs and bend over in front of anyone. I will obey them. Anything they command, I will do. Even if it means letting them fuck me up the ass or throat. In fact, the more degrading it gets, the more excited I become. So if you ever have any perverts visiting, you will make sure to take advantage of me. Use me however you want. And I will be the happiest naked boy-toy slave in the world. " I said.
"That's exactly how I wanted you to say that. From now on, whenever we are together, especially in the bedroom, I want you to constantly talk to me like you just said. Make sure you talk like a complete pervert. Like the filthy little cocksucker you truly are. Tell me how much you love the thought of other men using you for their sexual pleasures. Of being raped. Told to suck cock. Told to swallow cum. Forced to perform sexual acts that are unimaginable. Because I will use you the exact same way. Don't let any shyness come across. Show me how nasty and dirty you truly are." Matt said.
"Yes master. Whatever you say, I will do. I will become the dirtiest faggot on earth. A dirty fagboy. You are my master. And I will follow your every order. Especially since it involves sexually abusing me. " I said.
"Exactly. That's exactly how I want you to be. A dirty fagboy that loves being sexually abused by any male. I love how that's all you talk about. You see, Lexi, you don't need to worry about doing anything that most normal people have to do in society. I'm supposed to worry about all that, and you won't have to. I have a career that makes good money, so I have plenty to look after you as well. Never will you ever need a job while you've my lover. All I ask is that you stay naked and horny for me all the time. And obey me in everything I tell you to do. Even if it involves humiliating yourself in public." Matt said.
"I agree. Yes sir. I will always obey you in everything. I will be naked at all times for you. I will never hide myself or my body from you or anybody who enters this house. And if money is made off of you letting other men fuck me, you can keep all the money as I don't really care for money. Oh yes, Master. Everything you've told me is true. I love being your dirty little fag boy. And I love all the things you plan to make me do for you. Every moment of every day, I will always remain a cute, naked, and willing boy-slave for you. And once we get married, I will officially give up every last one of my fundamental human rights, and every decision of my life will be made by you alone. And I'm fine with that. I don't mind giving up my freedom and dignity to be the kind of submissive, masochistic boy you will soon turn me into. I just want to be yours. Completely. Totally. As your devoted boy toy and bimbo slut. I love being treated like the worthless little fag whore I really am. To be abused by any man you want. And the more painful it gets, the more excited I become. I'll welcome it with open arms. Because that's how I love you. " I said.
"God Lexi, you have no idea how fucking sexy you sound when you speak like that. Your dirty talk turns me on even more than before. It sounds as if you already belong to me. You are a whore through and through. And I love it. We both have the same perverted minds." Matt said.
I couldn't believe he loved my dirty talk. The thought that he actually liked me talking like this really got me hot. Making me want to push further and see where it led us.
"You know Master, I am quite content with being called your bimbo whore and begging to be used and abused by any man who wants to use me. But I think you should find a way to punish me for it. Because as your bimbo slut, I shouldn't have any choice in the matter." I said.
"Yes Lexi. What I said was very true. But remember, your wishes will always be my commands. Now get on your knees and suck my dick like the dirty little slut you truly are. Take it deep down your throat and don't choke on it. Get those slutty little lips around my big cock and suck on it real good. Be a good boy. Suck it like your life depends on it. You'll be sucking so many different cocks today, so you'll need a warm up. And you better swallow every last drop of my cum down your throat." Matt ordered.
Words just cannot describe how much I really love sucking cocks. Taking them deep down my throat. Wearing out my gag reflex so I can swallow a lot of cum. Having a mouthful of sperm and other bodily fluids. Licking the shaft, the balls, and sucking hard on the tip of a dick. Letting the taste of sperm linger on my tongue. It's a wonderful sensation that always puts me in a great mood. Knowing that I will be licking another man's sperm off my lips later that day. And knowing that I will be a completely filthy, slutty, bimbo bitch that loves to suck cock. Nothing makes me happier than sucking cock. And taking loads of cum down my throat.
Matt just knows exactly what makes me happy. This is what turns me on and gets me super wet and horny. Just thinking about the fun I will have with him in the future. Getting raped by other men at his command. Being humiliated and degraded in public. Losing control over my own actions. Giving up my humanity and becoming Matt's permanent, cum hungry fag whore. Getting fucked by Matt and any other men he chooses to let use me for their sexual pleasure.
After a few hours of sitting in bed, letting Matt fuck my ass and throat, I finally got up and took a shower to clean myself for when I go out tonight.
Once I was completely dry, I went downstairs to wait for the biker hunks to arrive. I still didn't know where they would take me, and I liked that. I liked how I didn't know any of what would be happening to me later that night. I kept imagining how it would go. The possibilities were endless. All I knew was that I would end up sucking their cocks. And it was driving me crazy knowing that I would end up having lots of different men's cocks in my mouth.
They finally arrived at 8 pm just as the sun started to go down. They were dressed the same as last night. Jeans and leather jackets. And their asses looked amazing in their jeans. Both had an enormous bulge growing in their pants. They must have been extremely turned on by the thought of taking turns fucking me.
"We are here for you, pretty boy. Are you ready?" One of them asked.
"I'm as ready as I'll ever be." I replied.
Two of the men quickly came over to me, grabbed me by the arms, and placed me on the back seat of the motorcycle. I was going to be riding on the back of a motorcycle completely nude. It was so exciting, but also scary at the same time. Atleast they gave me a helmet to wear. But still riding on the back of a motorcycle totally naked, not wearing any protection against cars, or worse yet, animal attacks, was terrifying. But I wasn't too worried as tonight I would be treated as a prize that must be undamaged.
Before leaving, Matt told them to be careful getting me to their place, and that once we are there, they'll finally get to have a free-for-all over me. I told Matt I loved him, and we left.
My heart raced with excitement as we drove away from the house. There was something I had never done before, and I couldn't wait to experience it. Riding on the back of a motorcycle totally nude. Freezing cold air blowing directly onto my exposed skin. I could barely contain my enthusiasm as I watched my bare ass jiggle back and forth as the bike sped along the road. My hands gripped tightly onto the metal bar in front of me. So tight that I felt a slight pain starting to develop in my wrists. But I didn't dare loosen my grip. If I loosened my grip, the wind might blow my loose fist right off my hand.
After 20 minutes of riding, we arrive at our destination. I was so excited to finally see what this biker gang was all about. Was it some sort of club where I would have sex with tons of guys? Or maybe a bunch of them would tie me up and torture me. Or maybe, Matt and his friends had some other surprise in store for me. Only God knew. But one thing I did know was that whatever happened tonight, I would love every second of it. No matter what it was, I knew I would cherish it forever. I would remember it for the rest of my life.
The bikers pulled their bikes up next to each other in front of a dark, abandoned warehouse. The building looked fairly new, probably only 3 years old. It had large windows all around, but there were blacked out curtains covering the windows in the front, making it seem as if it was completely closed off.
The building also had a pride flag by the door as well.
As it turns out, the building is a meet-up place for gay bikers, and our friends here own it. Tonight it would just be me and them. For the first part of the evening, we'd party together until everyone is in the mood to start torturing me.
One of the bikers turned the key in the lock and opened the door. As soon as the lights came on inside, my jaw dropped in amazement. My eyes widened in disbelief. The entire place was filled with leather couches and chairs. In the middle of the room stood two glass cases with various sex toys inside. Dildos, butt plugs, vibrators, etc.
There was a separate bedroom area, which contained even more sex toys. Strap-ons, dildos, handcuffs, ball gags, nipple clamps, chains, whips, crops, floggers, paddles, all kinds of kinky shit that looked incredibly erotic. The closet had ropes hanging from hooks. An abundance of fetish clothing hung from hangers. It looked as if this room was a private clothing store, selling nothing but bondage gear. This is the ultimate dream come true.
"This place looks incredible!" I said.
"Just wait until you see the main room. It's even bigger and more awesome than this one. You won't believe your eyes." He replied.
They walked me over to the door yo the main room. The boys opened the door for me and allowed me to step foot into the massive room. It was completely pitch black. Once I went through the door, they locked it behind me. I didn't bother asking why. I figured I would eventually figure it out later. But it felt so exhilarating walking in total darkness. With the faint light coming from the door. Feeling the cold air blowing onto my naked body. I shivered uncontrollably as goose bumps formed on my naked flesh. Not knowing what I would encounter once I entered the room. Terrified. A mixture of anticipation and anxiety rolled throughout my whole body.
After about 3 minutes, the lights came on. And after 5 seconds of my eyes adjusting to the brightness, I saw what I was in here for.
There were 10 men standing before me, none of whom I've seen before. All of them were either 6 feet tall or taller, they all wore what bikers typically wear. Jeans and leather jackets. With matching gloves and boots.
All 10 of them were extremely handsome. Extremely muscular, tall, and toned bodies. Every inch of their bodies screamed perfection. These men had me mesmerized. Their muscles flexing as they walked towards me. Their toned abs looking as though they had been carved from stone.
As soon as I noticed them, I knew exactly what was about to happen. This was it. My fantasy would become reality. A lifetime of fantasies coming true right before my very eyes. 10 gorgeous bikers that would be spending the night gang-raping me. Each one of them with a raging hard-on. Ready to pound my pussy and ass over and over again. To have sex with me all night long. Until the sun comes up. Making me their cum dumpster. Fuck, I could hardly breathe. This is what I live for. It was so exhilarating and thrilling. Nothing made me happier than having so many handsome, hunky men ravaging my body. Covered in cum.
After all 10 of them got closer to me, all I could do was stare at their bodies. Totally entranced by their masculinity. And I loved it. Each one of them made eye contact with me, smiled, and began groping and flicking my little dick.
There truly is nothing I love more than being completely naked in front of beautiful, masculine men, all wearing leather jackets, leather chaps, boots, gloves, with raging boners sticking out of their jeans. The perfect recipe for me to become a complete cum loving faggot whore.
The fist 5 minutes were of them also licking my nipples, my mouth, my face, and my ears. They even whispered absolutely filthy things in my ear.
They say stuff like "You are such a hot, dirty, little piece of ass." "How badly do you want these big cocks up your ass?" "Are you ready to become our little cum whore tonight?"
"Do you wanna get gang-raped by us tonight?" "Will you take every inch of our thick cocks deep inside your tiny ass hole?" "We know you're addicted to cum. Do you really think you can handle it? Can you handle it all? All 10 of us deep inside you, all night long?"
Afterwards, they blindfolded me.
I then felt the force of two arms grabbing my and making me get on my knees. Next thing I felt was a giant dick trying to get in my mouth. I tried to open my mouth as wide as possible, but there was no way I could fit his monster cock in my mouth. His dick was much larger than anyone I had sucked in the past. Thick, meaty, veiny. It reminded me of a huge purple candy cane. Absolutely amazing. A great mix of flavors. With a smooth, slightly salty taste. Perfection. After getting used to the size of his cock, I proceeded to swallow every inch of his thick manhood. Filling my mouth up with his cum. When I swallowed his load, he shoved another dick in my mouth. And then another. I had 4 cocks in my mouth and 2 more in my hand at the same time. Loving every minute of it.
After a few minutes, I felt my asshole being spat on.
Within just five seconds, I felt a giant dick jab right into my butt.
With that, I had two cocks in my mouth, and one big one in my butt. And I couldn't have been happier. What an incredible feeling. How I longed to be filled with this kind of raw sexual energy. To feel those beautiful cocks throbbing as they plunged in and out of my ass. Hearing those heavy breathing, groaning voices, while screaming obscenities in my ear. It was beyond exhilarating. Every muscle in my body tingled and ached from all the pleasure. I moaned uncontrollably as I squeezed and fondled their massive dicks in my hand. Oh how I wish I could suck them forever. Forever and ever and ever. Never stop sucking their delicious cocks. I wanted nothing more than to please these powerful, dominant men. Pleasing them to make them cum over and over again. Covering my face and hair with their warm, sticky semen. From head to toe. I would do anything to keep this pleasure alive for hours upon hours. Longer than I could ever imagine. No matter what it took. Even if I had to beg. Beg for them to fill my mouth with their hot sperm. And keep doing it over and over again. No matter how many loads of cum they shoot into my throat.
To make matters even better, I was still blindfolded. Couldn't see who these men were. Which added to the thrill of it all. That is until one of them reached over and lifted my blindfold off my face. The first person I laid my eyes on was a beautiful young man named Michael.
He had long blonde hair, blue eyes, and a rock hard 9 inch cock. Very cute face. Sexy body. Almost ripped physique. My new boyfriend.
Michael began whispering in my ear. Saying how horny I am. How eager I am to be fucked by him. What a slut I am. How much I love cum. And that I'm going to be his personal cumdump for the rest of the night. Screaming how much I love to be taken advantage of by my future husband's hot friends. How much I enjoy getting violated by their huge cocks. Swallowing their sweet cum. Hearing them groan as they fuck my ass. Saying that I deserve everything they do to me. Just because I'm a whore. Because I let anyone do whatever they want to me. Love taking huge cocks in my ass. Love being a cum hungry whore. Being a total fag boy slut. Then he slapped my face and told me that he was not done humiliating me yet. He proceeded to pull down his pants. Grabbing my nose and forcing me to smell his enormous dick. Then slapping my face and telling me to open my mouth wide. So I did.
He stuffed his giant penis into my mouth. Throwing me into full submissive mode.
Then he continued ordering me to lick and suck his dick. Sucking it harder and harder as he thrust it deeper and deeper into my throat. Screaming and yelling in my ear how much I love his dick. Pushing his dick down my throat until I almost suffocated. Telling me how nasty I am. How good I am at swallowing. Staying completely naked in front of all these men. Loving it. Loving being treated like dirt. I must admit, it feels fantastic. Knowing that these hot, sexy men are treating me like trash. Like their cum dumpster. I will do whatever they ask me to do. Whenever they ask me to do it. The second they tell me to do something, I'll immediately obey. It doesn't matter if it's degrading or humiliating. I don't care if they call me names. Or laugh at me. Make fun of me. Treat me like a worthless piece of shit. That's fine with me. Whatever makes them happy. As long as I get to eat cum and keep getting treated like garbage. I have never been happier. Nothing has ever felt so good. Cumming inside me constantly. Feeding me their cum all day long. Filling me with their hot cum. That I adore. Filling me with more cum. Over and over again.
Michael stood up, grabbed my hair, and started fucking my mouth. Like a wild animal. Fast and hard. Moving his entire body back and forth, thrusting his hips into my face, thrusting his dick down my throat. Constantly ramming it in and out of my mouth. No mercy. Pumping his huge cock deep inside my mouth. I was in heaven. Having such a hard cock jammed down my throat.
When he finally came, he pulled his dick out of my mouth. Then squirted cum all over my face. His load splattered all over my cheeks, my forehead, my nose, my eyelids, and my lips. And then he began smearing it all over my face. Rubbing his warm, creamy load all over my face. Slapping my face. Smearing it all over my nose and chin. Pouring it all over my mouth. Letting me savor his seed. And then he gave me a kiss. He leaned forward, planting a kiss on my lips. Deeply kissing me. Feeling his tongue and lips brushing against mine. He grabbed my shoulders and forcefully slammed his lips against mine. Licking my lips. Slapping my face with his tongue. Kissing me hard. Pulling away only long enough to say how hot and dirty I am. How I make him feel. Blaming me for my inability to control myself. For the fact that he can't resist me. Saying that he wants to fuck me over and over again. And that I should never be wearing any form of clothing. Always nude. Naked and exposed. Without a stitch of clothing on my body. Only letting my fingers touch my own genitals. Walking around all day long totally nude. Flaunting my body in front of other men. At all times.
All 10 of them then took turns dominating me. Taking turns fucking my mouth, and my asshole. Doing whatever they wanted to me. Wanting me to experience their dominance. Feel the power. Injecting some serious aggression into my bloodstream. Reminding me that I'm nothing but a worthless piece of meat. And a complete cum bucket. Anytime, anywhere, anyplace, anyhow. You name it, and I'll gladly take it.
The hardcore fucking went on for at least 4 hours.
Before it was all over, 3 of them urinated into my butt, while the other 7 peed all over my violated body.
There I was. Laying on the floor, fully naked, covered with semen and urine.
This is it. This is what I want. These are my desires. This is who I am. Who I always have been. A cum sucking slut whore. A slave to cock. A cum dumping receptacle. A complete faggot. Nothing else matters. Nothing compares to having a cock in my mouth. Swallowing their sweet cum. Eating it all up. Being owned by their giant cocks. Making me their personal fuck toy. Their cumslut whore. And remaining naked and exposed 24/7. Living in the moment. Hoping to never find true happiness. But just enjoying the moment. Enjoying life. Being thankful for every orgasmic second of it. No longer existing in the real world. Only existing in my fantasy world. The place where my greatest dreams come true. Where my deepest darkest fantasies become reality. The place where I truly belong. In the loving arms of 10 incredibly hung cocks.
There are few things in this world more fulfilling than this. No longer having to worry about responsibilities. No longer having to pretend to be normal. Being able to be free and explore my innermost sexual desires. Opening up and expressing myself sexually in ways that I never imagined. Going beyond my wildest fantasies.
Once I regained my strength to get up, all the men were already gone. I walked out of the room, back to the main room. I found Matt's friends who brought me here. They were sitting in front of the tv, watching everything that just happened to me. Apparently it was all caught on camera.
They were all so proud of themselves. For making such a great decision. Choosing me to be their little sex toy. Seeing me humiliated and degraded before their very eyes. All their hopes and dreams coming true. My body all wet with cum. My bare feet sticking to the floor.
The piss running down my legs. There wasn't a single part of me left untouched. It was amazing. Everything I dreamed of and more. Every moment of it was perfect. Hopefully it doesn't get washed off for a couple of days.
Never again do I wanna wear clothes. I strongly favor being covered in the bodily fluids of men. All throughout my body. Especially on my face. Always looking filthy. With a smile on my face. Giggling like a school girl. Thanking God that I was born gay. Thanking Him for blessing me with the opportunity to fulfill my lifelong dream. Of being a total cum eating faggot whore. Being filled with cum all day long. By hot, muscular studs. Sharing their hot, sticky sperm.
Giving myself to them without hesitation. Their personal cumslut. Sharing my body with them whenever they need it. Being willing to let them violate me any way they want. Anytime, anywhere, anyplace. Turning me into their personal fag boy. Their special fuck buddy. Totally devoted to pleasing them. I promise you, I will do whatever they ask me to do. Whatever they tell me to do. Whenever they ask me to do it. The second they tell me to do something, I'll immediately obey. The minute they tell me to swallow their hot cum, I will swallow it. To the last drop.
I will take on all ten of them. No matter how much it hurts. I don't care how loud I scream. I don't care how much pain I endure. Because it makes them happy. Makes me happy. I've never been happier in my entire life.
The fact that the footage of me being raped has now been uploaded to every porn site only excites me even more.
Hopefully I will soon have thousands of guys watching my videos.
Hoping to see more of me. Watching me be fucked and abused by these hunks.
At around 1 am, the night was over, and I was brought home to Matt's place.
I was way too tired and filthy to go into the house, so I just laid on the grass, waiting for Matt to come out and find me.
While on the ground, the bikers said they're goodbyes.
Saying that they hope we can do it again sometime soon. That they will be seeing us in the near future.
"By the way, Lexi, Michael would like to see you again soon. Would you be interested?" they asked.
Knowing just how hot and horny he made me feel, I of course said yes.
After they left, I stayed on the ground, laying there in the darkness. Thinking about what had just happened to me. Laughing hysterically at the thought of it.
Totally amazed that I actually went through with it. Going along with their crazy idea. Absolutely loving every second of it.
Wishing it never ended. Wishing I could stay right where I was. On the grass. Naked. Waiting for Matt to come outside and bring me back to his house.
He probably heard the motorcycles because he came out 5 minutes later to discover me still naked as always, covered in man juice. Covered in cum. Being thoroughly used and abused by 10 different men. The way it was meant to be. I've never been happier in my entire life.
Seeing me laying on the ground, he couldn't help himself. He immediately stripped off his pants, unzipped his fly, and pulled out his massive 9 inch cock. He then climbed on top of me and placed his throbbing cock between my open lips. Slowly sliding his cock inside my mouth. Giving me another hot load of cum. Another delicious dose of his hot, sticky cum. Filling my mouth with more cum. Covering my face and neck in hot, thick, creamy spunk.