It's late on a Saturday night. I'm home teasing men online but in the back of my mind I'm thinking that I should text you. But it's better if you like a man to act like you could care less. It makes them go crazy and want you even more. Only respond to maybe every other text they send you. I'm too busy, I have this to do and that..maybe next week. Works like a charm every time.
Then out of nowhere I hear the all too familiar chime of my iphone. I'm crossing my fingers, I'm hoping it's him. My screen reads. Text message. Mike. I slide the lock bar across the screen. " Hey darlin, how was your day?" I grin ear to ear. This should be fun I think to myself. Be cool Courtney, be cool I think to myself. As nonchalant as possible I respond. " It was really good. Very productive. Had Sushi for lunch with a friend, What about you??!??.
Mike.. "Sushi, yum, so jealous. How's your back?" Referring to a sex injury from last weekend.
Me.. It's better. Back to doing Yoga, so I guess I'm okay. My x-rays were fine. I think it was from getting too rough with you last weekend ;)
Mike..Teehee. I'm not apologizing for that.
Me..Well if i'm going to get injured, at least it was doing what makes me happy ( sitting on his face) If I'm going out, let it be doing what I love.
Mike..Teehee. I'm glad I make you happy.
Me..No response. ( I'm being cool, remember? )
Mike.,.I would love to hang out with you again soon.
Me..Okay, what are you thinking? More strippers?
Mike..lol. whatever you want.
Me.. Whatever I want???!!??!!
Mike..uh huh
Me.. I want to go out, but bars are boring.
Mike..Movies, Gambling??
me..What's playing at the Cinerama?
Mike.. lol..I dunno
Me.. Zero dark thirty at 10:30? Have you been to the Cinerama before?
Mike.. Nope, never have. Tonight??
Me.. Whenever
Mike.. Tonight could be fun.
I smile a little and think to myself. You have no idea.
Me.. Okay then, I'm dressed and ready to go.
Mike.. On my way. See you soon.
I'm in PJ's still. Short shorts and a tank despite the fact that's it's the dead of winter outside. I keep my place very warm, and I run hot. I take a look in the mirror and think. Damn girl. You're fucking gorgeous. I decide on the tightest Jeans I can find and a simple Adidas hoodie. I don't want to seem too eager, even though I really am very eager when it comes to Mike. I touch up my makeup just a little. I don't really need much. I'm a very pretty girl without it. Maybe a little mascara and blush but thats about it. I spray some Ralph Lauren Blue on and head for the door.. anxiously awaiting Mikes arrival. I'm expecting him any moment. I pull out my phone and fiddle around in my email so I'm looking very busy when he pulls up. Mike arrives just a minute or two later and quickly pulls up right next to me. Exits the car to greet me with a hug and a kiss. Walks me to my side and opens to the door to let me in. I think to myself, wow. maybe chivalry isn't dead after all.
Here's where I begin to lose my cool. Mike leans in and gives me a gentle kiss. Pushes the stick into first and pulls away. I'm staring, stop staring Courtney. You're looking ridiculous. Don't give everything away. I put my hand on his left cheek and pull him closer to me. I give him a long kiss on the cheek and smile. Oh yeah, he knows something is up.
I navigate and he drives. We make our way into bell town with about 10 minutes to spare before the previews start. Find free street parking, all is well in the world. I'm not sure what it is, but I'm just in synch with this guy. Something about him is so arousing and sexy to me. The conversation flows, it's easy. He's not a perfect 10 by any means. He's too old for me at 10 years my senior, but I really like him. The pheromones must complement each other perfectly because this guy is making me wet just by being near me.
We get out of the car, and he grabs my hand to walk me across the street to the theater. He stops me in my tracks and gives me a very passionate kiss right there on the street corner on 4th across from the cinerama. I'm not one for PDA's but this is fun. He grabs my ass with one hands and squeezes firmly as he pulls me in closer to his body. I can feel his excitement already. It starts a chain reaction of what the next 2 hours are going to look like. Nothing excites me more than watching someone else getting excited by what I'm doing. I think Mike is a pleaser too so between the two of us things get heated fairly quickly. As were crossing the street I say to Mike " I hope there's not too many people here" and grin that naughty grin I know so well. To which he responds, "why is that"? You'll see handsome I think to myself but say "oh, no reason".
We buy our tickets and head inside where it's warm. We stop at the concession stand and grab a bag of mixed cocoa and butter popcorn. A couple of waters. I love this place. It smells like fresh baked cookies at moms house. Sweet and fragrant like a beautiful woman. We make our way up the stairs and head inside the vast dimly lit space we will be sharing for the next couple of hours. I head for the very back, but Mike notices a top tier and asks if I think we should head upstairs farther. Perfect I think. No one would be up there unless there was no place else to sit.
We find our seats quickly and I'm all smiles. Mike doesn't waste any time. He leans in and kisses me hard this time. His tongue is stiff inside my mouth and he tastes so good. I think about that tongue licking my pussy and I start to get wet. Really wet. He reaches for my hand, and I rest my head on his strong shoulder. I feel his hand directing mine down to his cock. Just for a quick feel so I know that he's getting excited. I firmly grasp his shaft and he leans his head back and whimpers. Of fuck, now this is really starting to get interesting. We stop and pretend to watch the movie for a few seconds, but a few seconds proves to be too long and were back at it before I can wink. He grabs my breast and caresses it, softly at first and then hard as he finds my erect pierced nipple. He toys with it. He's toying with me. He pulls my breast out of the blue and white lace bra thats constricting it and takes my nipple in his mouth. He sucks it hard and I begin to moan with pleasure. The piercing really did make them more sensitive I think to myself as my pussy continues to get more and more ready for him. More and more wet.
By the time he reaches to unbutton my jeans I'm so ready for that hand I do what I can by shifting and opening my hips to invite him in. First the button, and then the zipper. He reaches down into my panties and I spread my legs to give him easier access to my pussy. He feels how incredibly wet I am and is very pleased by this. He say's "Oh my God, wow, you're so wet. Oh my God." I nod my head up and down yes, yes, yes. It's all for you. You did this to me. Do you see how excited you make me? I think to myself. He's simply asks "did you come already?" looking for an explanation to how wet I am. I just shake my head no. Not yet. But that's coming soon. He rubs my clit firmly and moves a finger inside of me. Inside of me and then up to my clit and back again. I rock my hips in his rhythm and were picking up pace. He get's me very close, then pulls his hand out of my panties and brings the finger he was using in between our kiss so he and I can both taste me at the same time. It tasted how I imagine lust might taste, sweet like desire.
I take his cock in my hand and stroke it through his jeans. I can't stand it any longer so I stand up and straddle him and begin with the greatest lapdance of his life. It's easy when you want someone as badly as I wanted him right at this moment. Rocking with my hips back and forth on his hard cock. Damn these jeans. I want to fuck you so bad right now, I think to myself. But words aren't necessary now. He knows what I'm thinking. He buries his head into my chest and is wishing I'd smother him with my tits. I'd love nothing more, believe me. Finally he says are you done teasing yourself yet?
I hop off and reach my hand to his belt buckle and feverishly force his cock out of it's hiding place. He just looks at me in disbelief but this is happening. I take him into my mouth and suck the head hard just for a few seconds. I tickle his balls through his jeans with my fingernails, he enjoys this too. I move quickly taking more and more of his cock into my mouth with each turn down. He's moaning loudly now, almost too loudly. I come off and give him a sush and go back to work on his cock. I doesn't take long and I'm working for my prize. I'm excited to taste his cum. To see if it's the right flavor for me, if it's not I'm spitting. I can't swallow cum that doesn't taste amazing. His moans increase and it's coming. His cream spills into my mouth and I'm not disappointed. I suck harder to get as much as I can. I release his cock and see that I've missed a drop and go in to take what's mine. Oh my God his cum tastes so fucking good. He looks at me like a kid on Christmas morning and a laugh.
My turn. He reaches his hand around the back down my panties to gently caress my ass. How did he know this was what really turns me on? Well if he didn't know before he's about to find out. He spreads me open and plays with my now sopping wet pussy. Teases my ass a little and then fucks me2wa with his fingers. He leans in a whispers something like. Imagine this is my cock inside you right now. Now it's me who's fucking his hand. I'm seriously fucking him hard now, oh yes baby. It's your cock inside me right now all right. He's working hard on the rear end of making me come so I take the initiative to take care of my own clit. It's not long now. He see's me getting more excited. Closer and closer. He encourages me to let go. Yeah baby, yeah, yeah. Cum for me. Show me how you cum, and I do. There's nothing quiet about it. Hopefully nobody heard that, but honestly who really cares if they did. Poor bastards should try it sometime.