After an experimental mission goes wrong, a starship captain finds herself stranded in a world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
Emily stirred slightly as she unconsciously reached down to pull a blanket up. Not finding one caused her to open her eyes a little. She quickly realised she was naked and didn't recognise her surroundings as she roused, which caused more than a little confusion at first. Then the events of the previous day came flooding back.
Her eyes suddenly blinked fully open, and she sat bolt upright. It felt so weird to wake up naked in a strange place. Instinct made her scan the cell again for something she could wrap around herself to provide at least some covering. It just felt all wrong. It was an uncomfortable combination of feeling out of place and exposed, mixed with abject terror that someone would see her like this. Well, plenty of people already had, even Collingwood, and she felt sure there would be plenty more to come in this crazy place she now found herself trapped in.
She looked down at her body. Even though she hadn't been swimming outdoors during the months leading up to the space mission, she still had a faint hint of tan lines from her bikini. She bet that bikinis hadn't even been invented on this Earth since the women never wore anything at all, so the tan lines could possibly be some cause for confusion for anyone here if they noticed them. Then she realised that probably wouldn't be a problem for very long if she was going to spend her life here nude, which would include being outdoors under the sun. The thought made her shudder, and she hoped Collingwood would have a breakthrough sooner rather than later so they could get out of there.
The pain on her bottom caused her to vividly remember the caning she had received. She stood up and did her best to crane around to look at it. To her dismay, she found it was covered in a series of angry purple to black bruises. She knew there would be no hiding it and it would be obvious to anyone who saw it what had caused it. She would be instantly recognised as a naughty girl who had been punished. Her shoulders slumped.
As if being naked wasn't humiliating enough already. How the fuck could anyone do this to another human being anyway, especially an adult?
She felt like she should have been seething with rage but instead she just felt helpless, alone, and sad.
She thought of her friends and family back home. Would they be missing her, assuming she had been lost in space? Or had some other Emily returned in her place and was now trying to come to grips with the weirdness of that Earth? Or maybe it had gone completely unnoticed? Perhaps hundreds, or maybe thousands, of other Emilys had all been deposited on different worlds, and the Emily that arrived on her Earth came from such a similar version that she hadn't even realised she was on a parallel Earth, and her friends and family were none the wiser either? Unless it was the Emily from here who would have shown up naked and wearing a collar, while everyone expected her to be the returning captain. She wasn't sure which would be the more difficult situation to cope with for a moment, but then decided that hers was by far the worst. It would be far easier to cope with people rushing towards you with blankets to cover you up after spending most of your life naked, than it would be to have people rushing towards you to tear your clothes off, leaving you completely exposed for the first time ever. Then having your bare bottom caned for having had clothes on in the first place. It was surreal in a sense, but mostly outrageous, not to mention painful.
She thought about her friends and family seeing her like this. It made her blush. Then it occurred to her that at least here nobody knew her, and it was normal for women to be naked here so she would not look out of place. Why was it a million times worse to be seen naked by someone you knew compared to being seen by strangers? Thankfully the only people who knew her here were her crew. Hopefully she could avoid being seen by them. Well, apart from Collingwood who she needed to see for progress updates. She realised that he would probably see everything she had at some point, whether she liked it or not. There was no escaping it. She would just have to find a way to deal with it when the time came. He was bound to be a prick about it too. She was sure he was finding all of this quite amusing, but there was certainly nothing amusing about it!
Oh God! Debutante! Apparently tonight I'm going to be exposed and then gang-banged on camera in front of thousands, if not the whole world! Hopefully the crew won't see that! I'll never be able to look them in the eye again!
Her heart started beating faster at the thought of going through with it. How could she even allow it to happen without a fight? Perhaps there would be an opportunity to escape, and she could hide out somewhere until Collingwood had the means to get off this fucked up planet?
Her thoughts were interrupted by a guard at her cell door. She hadn't seen this one the day before. Obviously there had been a shift change overnight.
"Breakfast, missy," he announced as he pushed a tray through a small opening under the door.
Emily could see oatmeal and a container of orange juice. The faint smell of the warm oatmeal made her stomach growl. She could eat anything right now, so she got up to retrieve the tray, almost forgetting she was naked.
"Wow, they were not kidding about you," the guard commented with a laugh. "Fancy a woman of your age looking like that! You must 'Display' for me."
Emily remembered the embarrassing episode with the mugshots the previous day and knew what that meant. Realising she had no choice in the matter in her current predicament, she reluctantly stood up and walked up to the bars, then turned away from him, bent over and opened herself to his gaze. It caused tears to well up involuntarily both at the pain of touching her tender flesh, and at the humiliation of the experience, but she didn't dare to provoke another caning right now. She didn't think her butt could take it.
"My, my, look at all those hairs!" he commented with another laugh. "I have never seen anything so repugnant. I feel like I am looking at a child!"
More the other way around where I come from, Bucko!
It was taking a lot to keep her mouth shut. Only the pain still present in the welts on her butt reminded her of what might happen if she didn't. It wasn't worth the risk for this idiot.
"Apart from that you are quite beautiful," he added. "I think you are going to be very popular after Debutante once you have learned to tend to your appearance properly. Ok, you may return to your breakfast."
Emily eagerly stood back up and resumed her breakfast after wiping the tears from her eyes. A short time later the same guard returned with 4NRP4W trailing just behind him. Her heart skipped a beat as she realised she was shortly going to be led out of the cell naked into God only knew what kind of craziness.
"Here, this is what a proper woman looks like," the guard informed her as he gestured towards 4NRP4W.
Realising she hadn't really paid attention the previous night thanks to the dim lighting of the jail and everything that she had just gone though, Emily now looked 4NRP4W over more properly. She was dark-skinned and appeared to be in her early forties, attractive with an athletic figure, medium breasts and dark brown hair which fell in ringlets to her shoulders. Impossibly white teeth and a wide smile immediately made everyone want to smile right back. The lack of pubic hair made her slit quite visible and Emily blushed a little for her, and then she blushed again as she realised that soon she almost definitely would be forced to become just as exposed. 4NRP4W didn't seem to have any problem with her genitals being visible, though. She moved as casually as if she were clothed, making no effort at all to keep her legs closed.
"'Sit', 4NRP4W," the guard commanded, seemingly out of the blue.
To Emily's surprise, 4NRP4W immediately faced the guard and went into a squat position with her knees wide apart. She then placed both hands behind her neck. She couldn't be more graphically displayed! Even her labia were splayed open in the position.
What the fuck?? Will that be expected of me as well?
"Now 'Kneel'," the guard directed.
4NRP4W dropped to her knees while still keeping them wide apart. She then unclasped her hands from behind her neck and put them behind her back.
"'Open', 4NRP4W."
Then she opened her mouth wide and held it open while looking up into the guard's eyes. To Emily's complete shock, the guard opened his pants and exposed his semi-erect penis, offering it to 4NRP4W. She immediately leaned forward and took it into her mouth and began working her head back and forth while keeping her hands behind her back. The guard quickly became fully erect, and then he came! Right into her mouth! Emily could only watch on in awe, and with more than a little disgust that this could be happening right in front of her.
"Thank you, 4NRP4W," he uttered while zipping himself up again. "Let us see about getting your charge out of here now so you can be about your business."
"Thank you, kind sir," 4NR responded.
The guard produced a keyring and unlocked Emily's cell. 4NRP4W wiped her mouth before greeting Emily with one of her big smiles and a handshake.
"It is good to see you… err, Emily," 4NR began. "My goodness it feels so strange to address a grown woman using a child's name. No matter, it shall not be for much longer. Let us get you out of here and cleaned up."
Emily had mixed feelings about leaving relative safety of the cell. She walked awkwardly beside 4NR, dreading the idea of walking out in the open completely nude, but her mind was more distracted by what 4NR had just done to the guard right in front of her.
"4NR?" Emily asked.
"Yes?"
"Do you mind if I ask why you blew the guard back there?"
"Blew?"
"Yes, you know, put him in your mouth."
"What a strange term," 4NR considered. "It is more sucking than blowing. We call it oral coupling. I am not sure what you mean by why I did it? I offered myself to him. He offered himself to me. Pleasure was given. We are both happy now."
"It didn't look like you had much of a choice about it."
"Why would I not give him the gift of pleasure when I have the ability to give it?" 4NR asked with a puzzled expression.
"Where I'm from a woman wouldn't do that to a man if she didn't already have a relationship with him, and if a man did it forcibly, it would be rape," Emily informed her.
"Rape?" 4NR asked.
"Um... you seriously don't know what that is?" Emily asked incredulously. "It's when a man forces himself on a woman without her consent."
4NR looked aghast.
"How could it ever be without her consent? It is her privilege to give her body. Her reason for being. In it comes the fulfilment of purpose and destiny. To not consent would be a betrayal of her very essence. A perversion of the natural way of things."
Emily decided to keep her mouth shut at that. It seemed she had offended 4NR.
Oh my God, this place is so messed up! Women have no right or reason to wear clothes, or to say no to sex from any man?
Living here was going to be much harder than she expected. She couldn't imagine having sex with random strangers, let alone doing it in front of witnesses. The very thought of it made her blood run cold. How would she ever do it, let alone adapt to it and allow it to become 'normal' for her?
Oh God, hurry the fuck up please, Collingwood! I need to get out of here right now!
Moments later they were crossing the foyer and about to step out into the world. Emily's feet suddenly wouldn't let her do it. 4NR stopped and looked back when she realised Emily wasn't following.
"What is it, Emily? You look fearful." 4NR asked with some concern.
"I-I'm sorry, 4NR. I've never been naked like this before and I'm a bit nervous."
"But you are neither child nor man. How can this be?" 4NR asked. "It is the natural way of things. To clothe a woman's body is an abomination."
"Um… where I come from, women wear clothes and have equal standing with men."
4NR laughed.
"Who ever heard of such a thing?" she marvelled. "Whoever raised you was surely a pervert. Come now, it is time for you to put girlish things behind you and embrace womanhood. This is a great day for you!"
4NR held out her hand to Emily and she took it unthinkingly. Walking out into the street naked was more than her senses could bear and she felt dizzy as she allowed 4NR to guide her down the steps outside. She noticed several eyes were drawn to her pubic area, like she wanted attention on that area of her body in particular… Then it clicked that it must be her pubic hair that they were noticing.
Good grief…
4NR stepped out into the street and hailed a passing cab. As they stepped in, Emily noticed disposable napkins on the seats, which she assumed they were supposed to sit on. Once they were in, the driver looked over at 4NR and she placed her thumb under her collar, drawing his attention to it. He tapped something into his console, then he looked at Emily, then back to 4NR.
"It is ok," 4NR responded. "She is with me."
The driver shrugged and again tapped something into his console before asking for the address.
"Home," was all 4NR responded with.
Emily turned to her after the cab proceeded. She noticed briefly that she could hear no engine noise but thought nothing more of it. Sitting in it completely naked beside a woman wearing nothing but a collar, and in front of a fully clothed man, was more than enough to occupy her thoughts. Then something came to mind as she thought of catching taxis and ride-shares back on her Earth.
"4NR, it just occurred to me that I haven't seen a woman carrying a handbag or purse. How do we pay for the cab or anything else we need?"
"Do you mean currency? My, you have been living out of the loop," 4NR marvelled. "As women, all of our expenses are paid. The driver was just noting my ID so his company can register the expense with the government. The same goes with all of our needs."
"And he knows your address from your ID?"
"That is correct."
Bloody hell! And they don't know what rape is here? I wonder if they have stalkers… What about careers if they don't need money? Or are women just sex slaves here?
"Do women have jobs and careers then?" Emily asked.
"It is optional," 4NR replied. "The artistic professions are dominated by women as a result, but others without such talents choose to take more ordinary jobs to allow them to circulate more."
"You mean so they can meet more men to have sex with?" Emily asked with more than a little trepidation.
"Well yes, of course," 4NR replied with a smile. "It is our gift, and our pleasure."
Letting any man use your body anytime, anywhere, and anyway he pleases is a pleasure? And a woman is supposed to encourage this and get out there more so she can let it happen more?
It sounded a bit one-sided to say the least! Emily was liking this Earth less and less. Whatever happened to bodily autonomy? Even freedom of choice?
The cab drew up outside a large campus. Emily wasn't sure what she had been expecting but this wasn't it. Outside was a sign saying, 'Cape Willis Women's Quarters, North East Campus 3'.
Women are kept corralled as well?
The buildings were all modern and clean, though, as had pretty much every building she'd seen so far. The whole city didn't have the usual drabness she was used to seeing in a city back home. Even the air seemed cleaner somehow, like she could see further, and everything had a sparkle.
"Come, Emily, we have much to do," 4NR instructed as she stepped out of the cab.
Again, Emily had to try to walk around naked in the street like it was normal for her. It felt far from normal, though. She wanted to hide and cover herself, and her eyes constantly darted around to see who might be looking at her. Thankfully, very few eyes ever turned her way, other than whenever anyone noticed her pubic hair.
4NR led her into a building and then into an elevator which she took to the third floor.
"How many women live here?" Emily asked.
"Around 2000," 4NR replied.
"What about men?"
"Men are only permitted on women's campuses by invitation. Here everything is our business."
At last, some refuge!
Then 4NR walked up to a door, which to Emily's surprise wasn't locked. She assumed correctly that it was 4NR's home. It was a two-bedroom apartment with surprisingly lavish furnishings. It also had a balcony from which Emily could see a large swimming pool with dozens of naked women laughing and splashing. Around the bases of the buildings there appeared to be shops and restaurants. Emily decided if she had to be nude somewhere, here was the place to do it. However, she wasn't sure that these pleasant surroundings and the comforts were worth it for what was expected from women in return...
"Emily, this will be your room for now. I have made a bed up for you already," 4NR advised while standing at the doorway of a room at the start of a short hallway.
"Oh, thank you so much, 4NR. You are very kind."
"It is no trouble. Unfortunately, I can only keep you with me until your deb training is completed. After that, they will assign you to your own quarters and this room will go to the next woman or girl I need to help."
Emily looked into the room and saw a single bed neatly made up with towels folded at the foot.
"It's wonderful, 4NR," she responded.
"I am glad you like it. Now, I am sure you have many more questions, but a more pressing need for you I am sure is a shower after spending the night in a cell."
Emily wanted to tell her it had been a lot longer than that since she last had a proper shower but knew she had to be cautious with what she revealed about herself.
"Down the hall?" Emily asked.
"That is correct," 4NR replied with a smile. "You will find blades and other necessary products in the cabinet. I feel it is time we dealt with those ghastly hairs around your sex and start preparing you for Debutante tonight."
Emily had almost forgotten about Debutante with the trauma of walking about naked in public weighing heavily on her mind for most of the morning so far. She still wasn't quite sure what it was and what was expected from her there. The shaving she was already prepared for, knowing it was probably just a matter of time before that had to happen. The stares and constant comments about it had made that more than obvious. Here apparently, pubes were a no-no. All the same, Emily wasn't looking forward to removing it and having people see her like that.
"You will need to get everywhere," 4NR added. "Legs, arms, armpits, your coupling area. Do not forget your rear coupling area either. Will you require any assistance?"
Rear coupling area? That can only mean anal! As if my mouth and pussy aren't enough to let men abuse already!
"Um… no, I should be fine. I used to do it for a boyfriend back in coll… years ago. It's just been a while."
"Boyfriend?"
"Um… never mind," Emily replied, deciding against the idea of trying to explain a concept that was obviously foreign to 4NR.
She enjoyed the warm water cascading over her body. It felt divine after the fortnight of dry-washing with sanitiser on the starship, not to mention having a moment to herself at last with no eyes looking at her. After washing her hair and soaping her body, she knew what came next. With a sigh, she bent down and started shaving her lower legs, then slowly made her way up. Then she wasn't sure whether to do her pubic hair next or leave it until last so she could put it off as long as possible. She pursed her lips for a moment and then started shaving it anyway. It was going to have to come off sooner or later while living in this hellhole, and it might be some time before she ever had hair there again the way things were looking, so she decided she may as well just get it over and done with.
Satisfied at last that her pubic area was as smooth as it was ever going to get, she reached around to do her rear end. What did 4NR call it? The rear coupling area? Emily hated anal. She had tried it once with the same boyfriend she had mentioned to 4NR. While she had allowed him to finish at the time, from the moment of penetration she decided that it would never happen again. She hoped she wouldn't have to change her tune about that. It was disgusting and uncomfortable, not to mention degrading.
After she finished washing and shaving, she stepped out of the shower to dry herself with one of the fluffy towels 4NR had given her. She was unable to resist looking at herself in the mirror. The sight shocked her. Instead of the patch of dark pubic hair that she was used to seeing, now there was only pale white skin. She looked like a child. Well, a child on her Earth anyway. Here it seemed to be the other way around and only teenagers had pubes, and clothes. She had a rather forward-facing crease with prominent labia, which was now far more obvious without the hair. She felt that she didn't just look more naked now, she looked somehow vulgar, showing a whole lot more than she should be. She reddened at the thought of going out in public like this. Being seen without pubes was something she felt squeamish about even in an intimate setting. She had always felt embarrassed and stupid when she had shaved for that old boyfriend and had immediately discontinued doing it the moment the short-lived relationship had ended. His proclivities and demands on her played no small part in that decision.
As Emily re-entered the living room, 4NR was very pleased and didn't seem to notice anything unusual about her anatomy. She made no comment about it at least, but perhaps she was just being polite. Emily wished she had a vagina like 4NR's, figuring it would be much easier being naked and shaved in public if everything was more tucked away neatly inside.
"At last, the woman emerges! Is it not so much nicer to be revealed and not hidden like a child?"
Emily couldn't help but smile at 4NR's elation, even though inwardly she felt that having completely denuded genitals now just added to her humiliation.
"It isn't the custom where I come from," Emily tried to explain. "Well, some women choose to do it. Others choose to let nature take its course. Many more are somewhere in between."
"I am very glad it is not so here," 4NR responded, obviously aghast at the idea of a woman having body hair. "Now, sit with me and we will drink tea. In the late afternoon we will begin the rest of your preparations for Debutante. For now, though, I am sure you have many questions."
As 4NR served the tea, Emily was trying to decide what to ask about first. This place was a nightmare, and she didn't know where to begin. The idea that she might have to have sex with strangers both appalled and terrified her, but hopefully it wouldn't come to that before Collingwood came up with a solution to get them out of here. In the meantime, having to walk about nude and attend this Debutante thing seemed unavoidable, at least for the time being.
4NR sat down and appeared to be waiting on Emily to start. She took the cue.
"Um… so how long have women been required to be nude?" she decided on.
"Many, many generations at least," 4NR began. "So long that no one remembers it being different, but the legends do tell of a time of trouble and a new beginning many centuries ago where we needed to rebuild and repopulate. Some believe that women wore coverings before this time, but most think that is only a myth told to frighten debs."
"Oh wow! Do you know what happened?" Emily asked, suspecting something may have decimated the population and they'd decided on a policy of open sex in order to rebuild. It still seemed totally crazy but there had to be some explanation for all of this.
"It is not known. Some say perhaps a plague or a cataclysm, but it is hard to say with certainty. The books do not tell. Since then, and perhaps as it always was, a woman's gift is to reproduce and to give pleasure. Giving pleasure extends beyond womanhood into motherhood and then into cronehood."
"Old women still have to have sex?" Emily asked incredulously.
"Of course. Why would they not want to? And there are old men aplenty who prefer those their own age."
"Ok… and why is it so important to be shaved?"
"It has always been so. Only a girl not of age would be otherwise, but I think many start doing it anyway at the first sign of hair. I think it is mostly so a woman can be revealed in all her glory. Just as her body is revealed without clothing, so is her sex revealed without hair covering. It is a woman's gift and her honour to show herself."
Honour?
This didn't feel so honourable to Emily. It felt objectifying, degrading and humiliating. Knowing those perceptions would seem very foreign to 4NR, she dismissed her objections and continued with the questions.
"And what's with the collars? Why are women not allowed to have names?" Emily asked.
"Women receive a new name at Debutante when they come of age. It is an honour. I am not sure if there was a time when it was not so. Perhaps it is because if the father of a child is unknown, then it is only right that the mother is unknown as well. That way every child begins life on equal standing, and it is up to them what they do with it. Our successes and failures are all our own. Therefore, as a girl reaches womanhood, she gives up her sense of self and becomes a vessel for pleasure and reproduction. It is at Debutante that she receives her first collar with a gold tag to show that she is now a woman. It is a time of great excitement and celebration. Soon she will produce children."
So, women aren't just sex slaves here but baby machines as well? Good grief!
Still, Emily remembered kids she went to school with who had been born into a life of privilege and wealth. It had never seemed fair. Maybe some aspects of this world weren't so insane?
"Womanhood lasts until the age of 34 when she is given a collar with a silver tag like mine to show that the time of reproduction is finished and she is now a mother," 4NR continued. "Motherhood continues until the age of 49. They are tasked with raising the children of women so that they can quickly return to the task of coupling and get with child again. I work mostly with debs who are struggling in their studies and need help and support for Debutante. Usually, they are just nervous and need guidance, but sometimes they have more serious issues. I guess that is why they assigned you to me, but you are the first grown woman I have been called upon to help with Debutante."
"So, a woman doesn't keep her baby?"
"No, infants are a burden to a woman. It is better for mothers to raise them."
15 years of pumping out babies followed by 15 years of looking after someone else's brats. Seems fair…
"You mentioned cronehood?"
"Oh yes, bronze tags. At the age of 49 a mother enters cronehood and is given a collar with a bronze tag to show retirement, but they still play important roles in assisting the mothers with the infants as well as giving the gift of pleasure to those that offer themselves to her."
"Ok…," Emily responded, thinking about how undignified it must feel for an old woman to have to parade around naked as well. Her thoughts moved to how women might be trained and conditioned to accept all of this. "So, what sort of education do girls receive?"
"They are taught etiquette, reading, writing, arithmetic, and many other things that will help them when they become women and begin to serve society. Likewise, the boys are taught similarly with added academic subjects that they will need when they go on to become men and serve society in their chosen vocations."
"Are girls' educations limited then, or can they go on to tertiary learning?"
"There are opportunities for those who have a gift for the sciences and other skills, but it is not so common."
"I assume part of a boy's education teaches him how to treat women then?" Emily asked, thinking that this was probably where the social conditioning began for these people to accept the absurdity of this place.
"Indeed. A boy must learn the coupling commands, and how to offer himself and his seed when he comes of age, just as a girl must learn how to obey the commands to display herself to gain his arousal when she comes of age."
'Display herself to gain his arousal' rang in Emily's ears for a moment. The concept seemed so sexist and horrible, not to mention humiliating and degrading.
"I guess that's the reason why women don't wear clothes?" she asked.
"Indeed. It is important to stimulate desire in a man so that he will offer his seed. The female body is a thing of beauty and should never be hidden, especially from men. It is her gift. I think this is why we have such strong laws about it. I am sorry you experienced the rattan, but it is a lesson you needed to learn."
Emily could only stare blankly for a moment at that. She could think of no words, so she shook her head and continued on.
"You mentioned you had not heard of rape or non-consensual sex. What about pornography and prostitution?"
"I have not heard these words before," 4NR replied with a puzzled expression. "What do they mean?"
"Um… well they're basically forms of sex a woman offers in exchange for payment," Emily attempted to explain.
"I am not sure I understand. Why would a woman need the currency, and why would a man pay when any woman would give herself gladly and willingly?"
"I see your point," Emily conceded.
It was still fucked up how women were treated here Emily decided, but at the same time maybe there were other aspects where they were treated better than on her own Earth. A woman seemed to be able to live without fear here, assuming she was willing to fuck anyone who asked, anytime she was asked, and was happy to parade around naked and on display constantly. On that note, STDs must be rampant here.
"How do you get around sexually transmitted diseases?"
"We have had issues in the past, but we now have very good inoculation programs and treatments, so they are no longer an issue."
That sounded more advanced than on Emily's Earth, and there they weren't anywhere near as promiscuous as the people here seemed to be.
"What about love?" Emily asked. "Don't people fall in love and want to be together exclusively?"
"Love? Yes of course, some men and women do form bonds, but exclusively? Do you mean only couple with each other and no one else?"
"Yes," Emily replied. "Do people who fall in love here only want to couple with each other and no one else?"
4NR seemed troubled by the question and paused for a moment.
"Exclusive coupling is not a thing I had ever considered," she began. "It sounds selfish. Primitive. It would limit the gene pool for breeding. I do not think this would be a good idea."
"Where I'm from, a man and a woman form a bond to couple exclusively and then go on to become the mother and the father of any children," Emily tried to explain. "Um… I mean, he provides his seed, and she provides her womb. Together the child is theirs and they raise it together."
4NR looked aghast.
"But how would the woman return to coupling if she had an infant to tend to? Her reproductive capability would be greatly reduced. She would have to wait so much longer before she could breed again. I think our way is better where the older women raise the infants. That way a woman is able to couple again and be with child again much sooner."
"Don't you think children should have a father, though?" Emily attempted.
"Why?" replied 4NR, seemingly quite confused by the concept. "Men have more important tasks than changing diapers and such, and once the children are of school age, the teachers are men so then they are exposed to the male perspective, if that is what concerns you."
It seemed Emily's world was as foreign to 4NR as this one was to her. She decided to try another angle.
"What about if a man falls in love with another man, or a woman with a woman?" Emily asked.
"You mean same sex bonds?" 4NR responded. "Yes, they are not uncommon, but men still have a duty to couple and share their seed, and women have a duty to offer themselves for pleasure and breeding."
"Do you also have men who come to realise they have been born into the wrong bodies and wish to be women, and vice versa? What about people who identify as neither, or those who are either mentally or physically unable to couple?"
"There are surgeries and treatments for those who wish to change. It is no problem," 4NR replied with a shrug. "And there are also considerations for others who do not fit into either. I have had several such cases in my care in the past. Usually, they just choose to live as men and do not couple. There are also some men who go on to live as women without surgeries, and also women who go on to live as men."
Wait, maybe I could identify as male or non-binary, or even just asexual…
"What if I say I'm a man, or if I cannot stomach the idea of coupling?" Emily suggested.
4NR giggled at that.
"You do not have the signs, Emily. Clearly you are a woman. This you should be proud of. Honestly, I do not understand your apprehension. Are you not ready to embrace womanhood since it has been denied to you for so long?"
"Um… err…," Emily began, trying to come up with some other way out of her predicament.
4NR suddenly glanced at the clock on the wall.
"I am sure you have more questions but the time approaches when we must eat and then begin preparations for Debutante," she noted. "I should explain the ceremony next."
4NR got up from the table and went into her room. She returned moments later carrying a pretty little white dress.
OMG clothes!
"This is a Debutante dress. It is designed for the occasion and is the last clothing a girl wears before she becomes a woman," 4NR explained. "At the shoulders and sides are tear-away seams. One sharp pull at the neckline and it will come away in one motion. When you are called upon to reveal yourself, simply hold the neckline and pull."
Short lived clothes…
"Ok…" Emily began, wondering how she would ever have the courage to do that on a stage in front of an audience. "What happens next?"
"Next, you will be fitted with your new collar. After that you will be welcomed to society and be told to go forth and multiply. Then you will be given your first commands as a woman. The first is 'Sit'. You know 'Sit'?"
Emily remembered 4NR performing it outside her cell that morning. She knew physically she could handle it. Mentally would be another matter. She nodded her agreement, wondering how she would manage it in front of an audience.
"Good. It is not so easy at first, especially in the deb shoes. Perhaps show me?"
Emily reluctantly stood up and then easily dropped into the position, squatting with her knees open and her hands behind her neck. This was hard enough in front of another woman. She couldn't imagine how humiliating it would be to do this in front of a man, let alone in front of a camera and a crowd.
"Perhaps a little wider with your knees?" 4NR suggested.
Oh God! Seriously? Aren't I showing enough already?
Still, she did her best to get them wider.
"That is much better," 4NR said approvingly. "The second command will be 'Display'. It is like this."
4NR then turned around and demonstrated the pose, spreading her buttocks and labia apart towards Emily as easily as if she was demonstrating a yoga pose or something equally inoffensive. This wasn't inoffensive, though. It was completely graphic! Performing this one in front of an audience would be beyond mortifying.
"You know this one?" she asked Emily.
Emily knew it only too well after having performed it for the cops on two occasions already, so she nodded in confirmation while simultaneously imagining the horror she would feel doing this in front of a crowd or a camera.
"That is good," 4NR responded. Then a man will come to lead you away to your first coupling."
Emily swallowed at that. In the situation she was currently caught up in, it would seem this sexual encounter at least was going to be unavoidable. She felt sick at the thought.
"You mentioned it would be five men and you just smiled when I asked if they would… err… couple with me consecutively?"
"Oh yes, the others will be waiting in the bedchamber for you. No, it is not a consecutive coupling. That would be silly," 4NR replied with a smile. "Do you know the position where a man lays on his back and the woman straddles him?"
"Uh… yes," Emily admitted.
"One man will assume that position. At that moment you will straddle him and couple with him. Then you lean forward to allow another to enter your rear coupling area. At the same time, one will have taken position in front of you allowing oral coupling, and the two others will place themselves either side to allow hand coupling. Do not worry about staying upright as you take hold of them. The man under you will support you in his arms once this occurs. In this moment you will be coupling in every available way at once, and it is then that womanhood begins."
Now it was Emily's turn to look aghast.
"You can't be serious?" she asked. "I can't do that!"
"Why not?" 4NR replied with no small amount of surprise. "Every woman has done it. It is a moment of joy and extreme pleasure. It is her coming of age."
"Where I'm from, a woman only has sex with one man at a time, and only if she has feelings for him," Emily attempted to explain. "I would feel very frightened and humiliated to do the things you just described, and with strangers."
"You are nervous then?" 4NR asked. "There is no need to worry. Sometimes this happens and there is a solution. I have a pill that will stop the nervousness and allow you to experience the true pleasure of the moment."
"It might take a whole bottle of those," Emily replied with a frown, which made 4NR laugh.
"No, one will be enough, I assure you."
"I'm not so sure about that," Emily replied.
"You will be fine," 4NR added while continuing her smile. She glanced at the clock again. "Ok. Are you hungry, Emily? Shall we fetch something to eat?"
"I could eat a horse," Emily replied.
"You have such a strange way of speaking," 4NR responded with some amusement. "Your accent is unusual too. I do not think I have heard someone speak in the same manner as you before. Everything is shortened, and so many strange words, and the ways of the world seem to be completely unfamiliar to you. May I ask where you were raised?"
"Um… I'd rather not say," Emily replied as she tried to come up with a convincing explanation and couldn't.
"As you wish," 4NR replied as they left the apartment.
A few minutes later they were back outside and making their way to one of the restaurants Emily had seen earlier. She couldn't help but notice how different it felt being shaved. The air touched skin that hadn't been touched in a very long time. She was extremely conscious of how exposed she was now. No one had seen her with a shaved pussy apart from that one ex-boyfriend. That felt like eons ago now, and it wasn't out in the open like this where everyone could see it. The one saving grace was that she was not alone. Everywhere she looked there were naked women, and there was not a pubic hair to be seen anywhere.
An older woman approached on seeing Emily. She was clearly in her sixties but still held her figure surprisingly well for her age. Her breasts were even full and perky. Emily noticed the bronze tag on her collar.
"Where is your collar, woman?" the older woman began, obviously instantly noticing that Emily didn't have one. "Do you not know it is an offence to be without it in public?"
"Oh err… I'm new here," Emily tried to explain.
"She is to attend Debutante this evening," 4NR butted in.
"Is she not a little old to be a deb?" the woman asked in surprise.
"She was raised outside of our society and is now learning to become a real woman," 4NR responded.
"It would seem by the stripes on her buttocks that the learning has been difficult?"
"She was not to know. She was ignorant of our ways, but now she knows better."
"I shall look forward to seeing you become a woman on the vid tonight then," the older woman cheerfully added, addressing Emily directly.
"Oh err… thank you," Emily replied, not really knowing what else to say.
"Come, Emily, time is escaping us. We must eat," 4NR added as she took Emily's hand.
The woman looked surprised.
"She uses a child's name?"
"It is not for much longer," 4NR replied as she led Emily away.
The meeting with the older woman brought to mind something else Emily had noticed on this Earth.
"4NR, I look around and I don't see any overweight women, or men either for that matter. How is that possible?"
"You will learn it in deb training. It is a requirement for all to keep to a healthy weight," 4NR casually answered. "If you do not, someone else will take the responsibility for you on your behalf."
Emily realised she had not seen one fast-food restaurant, which would normally be found dotted everywhere along city streets. The meal she was eating now was a trimmed steak and garden salad. Delicious, but also healthy. It looked and sounded like they took public health seriously here then. Well, why would a woman not want to look after her weight if she was naked all of the time anyway? It seemed like good motivation if nothing else.
"I've also noticed that the older women do not seem to have the usual saggy breasts and skin common with age, and none of the scars of motherhood."
She assumed many had given birth more times than most women on her Earth had as well, which only added to the mystery. Truly as she looked around, everyone was fit, firm and perky. Barely so much as a stretch mark to be seen.
"We are entitled to corrective procedures should that be an issue, and there are treatments during pregnancy to prevent its ravages on a woman's body" 4NR answered. "This too you will learn in deb training."
They finished their meals and returned to 4NR's apartment. 4NR was walking quickly and Emily almost forgot her nudity in the effort to keep up.
"Ok, it is time to begin preparations. Let us start with a clyster," 4NR announced while handing Emily a bottle with a tube sticking out of it. "Do you know how to use it?"
"Um… yes, kind of," Emily replied, blushing, recognising it by its shape as a home enema kit.
Yee Gods!
"Just fill the bottle with warm water, insert the tube into your rear coupling area and then squeeze the contents of the bottle in. Then go to the toilet. Do this 3 to 5 times until only clean water comes out. Then take another shower and come to me so I can do your hair."
"I got it, but is this really necessary?" Emily asked, quite aghast.
"Yes, absolutely! The clyster is now yours too. Consider it my Debutante gift to you. You will use it daily before any coupling."
Still disgusted, Emily did as 4NR had instructed just the same. If she was to be anally violated on camera, which she now knew was unavoidable in this horrid place, the last thing she needed was an awful smelling mess to add to the situation. Better to deal with that here where no one could see or smell it.
An hour and a half or so later, she looked at herself in the mirror and would normally have been pleased at what she saw. Well, if she found herself dressed like this for any other reason she definitely would have been pleased. 4NR had woven flowers into her hair, her make-up was perfect, and the white dress was beautiful. It was sleeveless and the hem fell to about mid-thigh. It wasn't particularly modest, but it was cute and feminine, and at least provided some covering for the time being. All in all, she was stunning, but at the same time her heart was racing as she thought of what was to happen next - Debutante! Being seen naked and getting gang-banged on camera! The thought of it sucked any joy she may have felt at being dressed up like this. Could she even go through with any of that passively? Walking around naked outdoors had been difficult enough. Doing it on stage and then having sex with men who were strangers would normally be beyond considering. But this wasn't home, and she figured if she didn't do it voluntarily, she would be made to do it anyway, along with more of the rattan or maybe something worse. At least this way she could maintain some control of the situation.
4NR looked over Emily's shoulder into the full-length mirror and seemed pleased by what she saw as well.
"Oh, there is one more thing," she remembered. "Here is your pill."
Emily would have accepted just about anything at that moment to calm her nerves and fear, so she gladly took the pill and swallowed it with a glass of water. Then 4NR led her out into the street and hailed a cab.
Fuck! Is this really happening?
Yes, yes it was.